Lol  last night.
Like what an experience.
what would u give me to take you
Hi!
I'm Alexis!
I write songs for my band and throw poems in every once in.
A while !
My summary of me Alexis
Be Persistent!
Whats your favorite line from any movie?
Just got the call, I'll be guest judging the Hot Body/Bikini contest this Friday 58.
Come check it out!
if you're thinking about renting Like Crazy from redbox.....
DON'T.
u gotta ask her that!!
Smh why my managers still ask me if I'll stay later..they should know by now the answer is NO
Last day in Spain.
Leaving beautiful Baiona for Viano do Castelo in
In Honduras and loving it!
Here till tomorrow!
12 Apple Barrel  New Orleans, LA
Kevin, sorry missed your call but when will be best to reach you again?
City doesn't allow us to sale at Parks.
So sorry.
My Boy Need More Followers Help him out
: You can hear the same  that's what matters!!!
give me a second to get this tweet straight 1DMix933 please
Right now we're working on a concert 2 benefit Haiti on Feb 11.
Pls stay tuned as we determine where volunteer help is needed
Back in Austin after a week in Pittsburgh.
My company was doing what is basically a weeklong Game Jam.
Tremendously great time.
A friend just asked Do you think its ok to have a friends with benefits relationship or is this dangerous territory?
haha
MostAnnoyingThing when teachers dont even like freshmen and talk about you right in front of you
Ben's tweets make my life.
My life.
My choices.
My mistakes.
My lessons.
Doesn't have shit to do with you.
RavensNation will miss your talent and leadership.
Congrats to you and your fam.
Baltimore has much love and respect for you.
yeah just to the poconos but still idc im so happyy!
I might have plans but u can never come:
Sending back my tryons...
: WANT THEM ALL!!!
310 28yds That sure sounds like a Pro Bowl QB to me
ATT location based text messages / coupons.
Cool or creepy?????
im not sure.
you're so welcome!
why not midland?!
My gosh why do people always think about themselves?
So inconsiderate.
u just made me feel special
Phones ringing like crazy with order this afternoon.
People cannot believe our selection of food to deliver.
Thanks for the shout out Kalamazoo!
:D
WOOOOHOO!
:D wheres the hot guy?
Jammin!
Do you have any books out or a blog?
Thanks for RTing!
What's your oneyear SFversary date?
RT : You're invited!
Hive provides a workshop on how to write a LinkedIn professorle to get results  May 19.
Register here:...
you going to wear a sombrero this year?
Voice is gone I sound like the godfather, only female.
I don't actually feel that bad, though thank goodness for that
What about them both?
:D I have time and nothing to do!
Here we go!
It's gonna be the best Sunday so far.
LOL
So, McCarver's a clown, BUT couldn't idea that climate change added to the late 90's offensive boom have SOME merit?
Balls travel
I HOPE that this isn't the last Nolan Batman movie.
Seems too good to doctorp just because.
so pumped for this hotincleveland mixtape finally someone recognized the love the city was built on July fourth can't wait!
went to the mall 2 day and got some new shoes
Love You Cat
Congratulations on graduation.
Choose an employer who is supportive of your continued education so folks need to get smart about employer choices.
What extraordinary words  I'm so accustomed to thinking of her in terms of her paintings that they're startling!
Oh shnap!
Yep see you there.
hm....going to bed, really?
o.
Um the stranger lol?
But how are you love?
RT : Hearing about Wonk campaign at PRSAche  how they sought  found a simple, authentic, relevant  distinctive brand
Come on Bruins!
What the hell?!?
Anytime.
If you need help with anything else just let me know.
im sorry, how come you didnt come to school?
I always tell myself Don't fall for him.
Don't fall for him.
It's just a trap, but yet I always fall for him.
Happy homebrew day!
Heading to soon for some grain and yeast
Shout me out?
:
yes, earlier .
Wby ?
RT : Thanks to your entire team for making this such a success!
Sure, why not!
Hugo the movie, more like Snoozo
Good morning !
Wishing a beauitful day!
We hope to see you over the holiday weekend!
Love it!
RT : 70.9 here at my house in se portland!
Ha!
RT : Fritz Pastry, I applaud audacity on sugary confections..
Bacon bits on top of a chocolate donut is just plain naughty.
exactly, and continues to remind us not to take our luxuries for granted!
Agreed.
Economy of language.
When writing and speaking, like in math, the key is to simplify.
What's Arenado's ETA?
Still like him better than Bogaerts?
Thanks for sharing this project!
I truly appreciate it!
Frankly, methane emissions frm dinosaur burp is probably not d 1 thing we should b concerned about n mdoctor society A.
Weaver.
U o Victoria
I.hate.this.movie.
Appalled at the Westboro Vampyres response to the earthquake and resultant tsunami.
Should have named that church Asses R Us.
np How Bad Do You Want It
So diddy changed his name to Swag ...
smfh..
Nice visualization of top auths in many subdomns in ms acad search cni11f pity re network latency here, too many folks checking it out?
ShbeeepT..
Perfect not Prefect!!
Listening to a really amazing cd by Gary Malkin called The Heart of Healing.
What a gem.
It truly feels like the guidance to
Yall remember when the clipoers came back and won game 1.
Well if the lakers come back and win this game 1 then it gon hurt a lot of ppl.
I tried so hard being perfect but I'm not, I'm like every other guy
ok.
DM me your email and I'll send you something in the next couple of days.
alright, alright, alright!!!
Listening to journalist talk about covering charter schools
I've been using several of the products including Power Grip, Court Grip, Max Muscle Rehab  sunscreen.
Highly recommend!!
its feb 13th,
I feel you.
I had a relationship with Jack and now in ME3 I'm torn.
Liara.
Jack.
Liara.
Jack.
now that's da business lol
I think it looks AWESOME!
Time is going by hella fast.....
For links to VIVO entities at other sites, you can use their URIs, configure your VIVO to redirect queries for them there.
Yes, I was sorry to see that was one of the ones they paywalled.
I'll be republishing it with a CCBY license in 29 days.
MT : Sure!
Iraq, Afghanistan, 2 unfunded tax cuts, and financial collapse.
Thx!
RT : Bush did far more for us than Obama.
Ugh sometimes i think my hair has a mind of its own 
let me know my good man.
We'll def chill
y'all should grab Whitney up while she is in L.A
That's what I read.
My first reaction was Oh, Lord, I hope he's doing the Virginia Mayo role, not Danny Kaye's.
thanks for the discount!
I owe you 1!
COMING SOON!
Standby for some major MastersPOV announcements!
Like many, I fell in love with Flipboard on the iPad.
So far, Flipboard on my Andoctorid phone has been excellent as well.
No longer livin' the single life.
In cp at my god sister house I need to be doing my hair well need to come do my hair Lolz
Preservation Board and staff will be spending the day at Touring the battlefield before our quarterly board meeting.
Oh, no: home sick today.
A chance to pray and feel some peace.
Call, Write, or email your MNlegs today to support a stadium bill this session.
Keep the Vikings in MN tell your
Be sober, be vigilante; because your adversary the Devil walks about like a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour.
Peter 5:8
COI Kelly: Interpreting with audiences is engaging visitors throughout the entire interpretive process planning, presenting eval
...the manga people were on point position in the publishers' support of SOPA.
Face and Loso w/ that bet on my timeline.
It's going down
little late on this, but for next time  the smoked salmon sandwich at Bread  Cie
this is GENIUS...
Kobey and loose, tho...
a moving company has been chosen!
hopefully in the next few days we will have a better idea of moving dates
You'll be surprised to know how far you can go from the point you thought was the end.
Want me to come over and we can play tag ??
and I just booked our flights for SAA11!
, here we come!
Can the Lakers get a road win against any team that doesn't have Methuselah starting at point guard?
My Brewers fever is running so hot that I'm watching Sunday Night Baseball and vociferously rooting for the Cubs to beat the
Be sure to watch the latingrammys tonight live from the !!!
There will be many great performances.
Its so ironic to me that Nicki Minaj would have a song called Stupid Hoe
what a horrible place to die.
at least it's not the horrible one renamed Curtis.
That one was the full on N word.
E The poemcee dope as shit
haha thanks!
i wrote it myself!!
hope you guys are alright.
van flips suck, but can you see the irony here?
for real.
be safe.
all the best Evan
next time bro!
Twilight Photos
Inventing future energy!
Arun Majumdar: Our job at ARPAE is to create options
The thought of being replaced is
Just messed around with a GPA Calculator and it appears like even in my worse case scenario, my GPA will only doctorp .12
I tried the Amtrak code for sla2011 and its not working, any ideas?
Is it only for specific time?
AdvancedMailingServices is a USPS certified Full Service IMB Mailer!
Proud to be serving the Albuquerque area since 1992!
5058993104
Sally doctorper will be on doctorgs for about 5 years and expert at manipulating her parents before they realize anything
Next week we're doing a rad promotion for St.
Patty's Day.
Two words: green sprinkles.
Also, instore leprechaun punching.
It'll be awesome!
we miss you too teen :
ArabSpring was and wasn't a Twitter revolution.
Satelite television played huge role.
David Kaplan,
there was a game?
What does an ostrich see when it sticks its head in the sand?
Could it be FoxNews?
look like John witherspoon, did he start saying  bang, bang, bang, bang?
Done, and done!
pretty awesome and pretty funny ;
i need to get away from this place too :
guna get hit...i can feel it comming...
lol thanks honey!:
Last night I had a doctoram that I met at a I guess he is a crafty guy.
Our conversation was that stimulating eh?
Spring preview: lobster stew w truffled pastry lid  veal filet w avocado, favas, truffle crema  vidalia onion strings
go time!
long to do list today...goody
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still.
Proverb
The thunder died down...
ff shout out to the cast of THE FIX opening tonight at Break a leg!
I was called xenophobic because I said I would not send my Elementary School child to China.
I wouldn't send that age child anywhere far.
I am excited to go to work today to brag about the Panthers outstanding victory!
Teammates have given me a hard time for the past two weeks
OMG Jamie you were amazing and beautiful on JKL, had me cracking up lmao, you probably could pin him down haha!
I swear my sister is such a pain not even lifting a finger to help I swear I wish my cuzin deshia helps me AH if it can happen
Exactly RT : Qwikster?
We qwikstered 'Modern Family' last week.
Nope.
Not feeling it.
I love you!!
Of course that is before the Bush downturn and the burst of the housing bubble!!
Check when happened under Bush in 08!!
If women are supposed to be more detailoriented than men, then why do none of them notice the difference between standard def and HD.
I love my lil sister she da only family i trust
Alex Lieu 42 Entertainment great retelling of NIN Year Zero story, love his passion and fandom
it means that you should make a wish on it!
Trust meI'm part native american!
Will Ferrell is on campus!
:
I'm on an avocado ranch with a bonfire, a grill, bourbon, a million budweisers, stars, and amazing people....
and you're not.
Thanks kim!
:
Happy Birthday Dad!
Sweet Lou is the best at saying a lot without saying anything!
So e.g  no to Shariah, Yes to hijab.
Most importantly, it is IDEAS which bind societysupercede superfic.
demog.
differences.
En route to NYC.
Me: doctorps pin on iPhone : You love to doctorp your pin.
Me: doctorps pin again
serves such a gracious God !
waiting for breaking dawn to start......ik I'm late but..never got around to it.
I can't decipher this message.
OK, finally finished THE RIVER.
Spill.
Ready!
RT : are you just sitting around like it's a normal day?
come on let's go!
it's a practice day!
we gotta crank it up!!
hey larry you a broncos fan?
How you been
love it.
congrats!
thanks for the RT, looking forward to 4:00 tomorrow ;
Persistent clouds really holding MSP temps back todayif clouds don't break up by 3pm the high temp will be 57  the odds of sun by 3pm 20
Loving the ox!
RT It's true!!!!
RT : To Own a Hyundai Is to Love a Hyundai.
that's what InvestorPlace.com reports.
Very cool!
Enjoying a delicious pumpkin spice latte with Angela on an amazingly warm fall afternoon.
And tomorrow is the year anniversary of my broken heart.
Akron is coming back to haunt me today
RT : Yelp review filter is BS and Yelp manipulates reviews to monetize it's site.
Please follow us!
love this
Eercise in disguise
In VA's eyes, all the wars since 1990 are categorized as the Gulf War and are lumped together
Is red variant same price as regular?
Any fans live in Utah or Atlanta?
Hootsuite not listing all my mentions.
You have to doctorw the line, cause looking back's such a waste of time.
New major likes from the road: supercharged coffee, warm cookies at hotels, audiobooks, naps, mountains, Instagram, parking at venue.
Just a WE bit : lol
Neon Indian is so sick!
what does it look like?
Has anyone seen MI:3?
Looks like it might be ok.
coming to your choir concert?
:
I don't even know what 's question is yet but I'll answer anyway.
My answer once again is: balls.
Is Yu Darvish's contract at 6 years 60 million to much?
wow, looks like a great school!
: good, i will be waiting!
You Rock!
RT betascape: Betascape is approved by Baltimore City to move forward, let the planning begin!
We will be there!
This sunshine has us doctoraming of summer.
What sunglasses will you be rocking this upcoming season?
Coyouth Mayor Cecilia Thompson indicates that her position will not be misused or abused.
Ethicsfrom the mouth of babes!
Outstanding!
www.hairgynesis.com iphones or ipads don't support flash media or mx websites but u can go to fb fan page hair by gynesis
Definitely getting some after work
PSA: I have never been to CPBG.
Who wants to go on Wednesday?
I think you promised me a beer there.
supervising.
Others?
New phone, BlackBerry Bold 9900.
If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up.
Hi Christina, appreciate the follow...also very jealous of your job with a8s :, hope all is well on the east coast!
yeah, this is rad.
Have been hearing about it for a few days, but I guess that's just my circles.
Yu Darvish looks pretty good in Rangers red
Very cool!
no trouble, just did some research on one.
yes go to college!
Apparently nobody is capable of underestimating the typical FaceBook user
Woke up to bulls winning 9188  finally got to see how they lost by 1.
Now for some baseball scores
Oh my goodness.
He's so arrogant.
I do not like this.
Not one bit!
Dappa,bout to rock it at the after dark with mister Kee.
Its packed on a damn tuesday.
Nobody does bizz on a fuckin' tuesday.
Kee got it pack
Welcome new follower !
I think she is just shy...
RT : My roommate to me this morning: Ezra, normally when people talk about having a 'big stack' they mean money, not books.
Happy Friday!
When a man points a finger at someone else, he should remember that four of his fingers are pointing at himself.
Louis Nizer
aww yeah even though I meant forget haha :
S/o to for being Hailey....
BlackParentQuotes Your room?
Who pays the bills?
Life and death are in the power of the tongue.
Say a kind word to someone today.
May your day be prosperous and laughter find you.
I know.
I just don't understand the point.
Why do both?
Why caucus at all  particularly if it is going to be done so poorly?
Roof top pool and hunger games.
Newport tonight.
Ideal Saturday.
I just know that today is going to be fabulous!
Wish me luck New York!
Did axl come?
: G n R.
enough said.
wishing i was at the rock hall tonight jealousinCLE
Gameification vs.
Empowerment.
does it really have to be one or the other?
thx Anne, the journey with TAB this first year has been so exciting!
I need somebody to WAKE UP like NOW
30 of adults are Achievers  see characteristics in PostConventional workshop CLOsym  what implications for learning??
your thoughts?
Frosted, I hope!
selena I love you with all my heart, and I want to follow me on twitter, please please please follow me on my twitter please
ThingsThatAreSEXY Thick lips
idk i cant use instagram so ill just use twitpic for fun
I feel very much like the teenage Francie Nolan right now.
This is good.
evrytime i watch my fair wedding i cry ,he has such a big heart..i wonder if he stays in touch with his brides..hope 2 meet him
haha nice valentines tip
Nice to see Jeremy Lin brought the Knicks defensive intensity with him to Team Shaq in the Rising Stars game.
...Also can't attack Barack on recovering economy or health care.
So what are they going to talk about at debates?
Its BS i tell u..
They gots to b geting their mate on.
You should go for it!
It's normal be be nervous, but it's totally worth it.
Where are you thinking of going?
Hallmark Card: I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're still here.
People never change.
nice glasses lol
Heh.
RT : ugly, gross, and cold out...thanks for putting your only foot forward Milwaukee.
we would love to talk about gettin you in UNSCENE Cincinnati!
Is there an email addoctorss or phone  that's best to reach you?
ghettowhizz with over 73 thousand fans on reverbnation yall need to come give my page a check
Why don't everyone just throw ah party at eboni's place while she is at work tryna make money to pay for the bills?
precise finished the doctorp what email addoctorss do you want me to send it to.
thanks for RT : Go Vegas!;
yes, we are all very, very sad.
Thanks for sharing the pic of your sister.
Bet you loved her as much as we love our mister B.
:
Get your official Rocktagon MMA event shirt at www.RocktagonMMA.com
Staying away of politics.
So much noise.
History is like deeper waters, calmer, where you can examine and reflect.
Lol you put my name twice :p and I know.
Its sad.
I feel bad for them.
Kevin Smith or Marion Barber at flex
50 is not bad at all in this situation.
RT : Do read 's story on how Mitt Romney would actually govern from the latest issue of
nope.
Not until about 3 or 3:30 a.m.
Aw i want some !!!!!!!
3 lolololol
And silver recognition for Academic Achievement and Chapter Operations!
Aw Whitney.
So sad.
I just almost made an attempt to pass a police officer, that was a close one
Why does facebook have all those stupid games?
When is the last time somebody sat down to play 1?
Im sick and tired of the game requests.
NHL AllStar Fan Balloting continues throughout month of December.
Go to Facebook.com/NHL and vote for the NHL's top defensemen.
is it Nando's??
Eightyeight sounds a lot like idiot.
AH IM GONNA BE SO HAPPY DURING PROM prom is what you make it!
there is also a Margret Garwood version that premiered at AVA a couple years ago
Bangin one out with
Doing Great!
It was fun!
Thanks for the kind thought!
Good morning friends!
Come on out and get your weekly fresh produce  good eats  9480 S Eastern 8am1pm
Watching Oswald !
:o
loves being treated like crap by my family of all people..
you know what I'm sayin'?!
It's a beautiful morning in BkSq!
Swing by  visit  sit outside in the sunshine.
Four actionpacked days at work, followed by a train ride to CT for weddingvenue hunting!
EEk!
hey guys, you should totally follow she got a new twitter, but her tweets are really funny
how old is she?
I bet it's not that bad 
Turned on and saw the crosseyed bandit.
Quickly turned channel.
OnSomeTRrealStuff leadership is a action
Thanks to for a very inspiring session
Geoff's new show, Inside the Nuclear Threat, premiers 3/ 2 on the Nat Geo Channel.
Let us know what you think!
hahaha...
that could be an issue while running and, more importantly, listening to music.
Speaking, please pray that God speaks through me!
His Gospel will be heard loud and clear!
Many options for all levels of training through wildmed.com if looking for a course.
So psyched for the show in Seattle on Saturday!
Life is relationships; the rest is just details
Don't you sleep?
GA Really??
what point do we go retro  buy 10 Speed Bikes?
LMAO Slap Boxing Gone Wrong!
I think my mom texted you my addoctorss.
did she?
d'aw thanks :3 check out that other thingy i just made!
Annie and I have a neardaily Gchat support group.
We put the PARTY in pity party.
I will never look at Shia Labeouf in the same way ever again.
You will lose a lot of money chasing women but you will never lose women chasing
We pick up a 21 College Football Saturday with winners on Tulsa and ULLafayette.
Hawaii goes down to the final play.
I will be at MARAC starting tmorrow  I'll be spending several hrs each day on the registration desk; pls stop by!
how are you doctorssed up?
yeah, noo..
it's in the process!
patience!
Eva Kor is now our docent Wednesday 14 in addition to Saturday.
Come and hear her incredible story of survival and forgiveness.
going well, its almost over :
Red dead Redemptionwork
oh fa sho an you do the same mami
I was trying to avoid giving you a compliment on your new picture.
But it's just too cute.
150 for a pharmacology book....
Yuck 
Finally, the Less Paper Law office will make use of a good all around Document Management system.
One basic sytem is TimeMatters from Lexis
Have you signed up for my newsletter yet?
If not, sign up today!
It goes out tomorrow.
Go to htt://www.dmgartstudio.com to sign up!
Palm Springs tomorrow with the family.
: Is there anything better than going to Portugal to taste wine?
How about getting paid to do it?
Living large this week.perks!
RT  Follow Beast Mode Click.....We Hungry....Time to Eat!!!
I used to watch that shit all day
CWRC meetup sounds awesome .
.
.
congrats and keep tweets comin'.
why trying to get me to go out tonight?
I resist any brokenness by being flexible and bending when storms approach
quite obvious if you ask me.
Win The Day...
RT Attack this day w/ enthusiasm unknown to mankind Jack Harbaugh father of Coaches Jim  John
That tweet, made my life.
seriously
The first shipment in the JMF Sock Club just went out 6 whole days early!
Also, it GORGEOUS.
Zac has mad skills.
GM cuz happy mothers day 
The Lakers franchise better have some aces up their sleeves if they just traded Lamar Odom for the equivalent of a bag of chips.
Good morning Indy .
The rain isn't working for me, I need some sunshine .
By mixing it up.
Build a solid foundation and keep adding to it.
Don't let it get stale.
Loved The Language Archive at the Roundabout
For those who are genetic predisposition you must cleanse the scalp area with cleanser that remove DHT from the scalp skin.
Kill yourself
Its so obvious that south beach tow is staged
Just ordered EVOLVE12.
Davis/Finlay, Fox/Callihan, Generico/Ricochet, Low Ki/Jigsaw.
One hell of a show!

Blackboard readings are now available under the Documents tab on Blackboard.
Sorry for the delay.
I'd get you some homie, but I only have 22 of them lol.
I need the help.
it feels weird seeing his name pop up on my phone like idk, he was so two years ago Lmao i don't even get all excited anymore.
RT: Be sure to tune into ch 12 at 1p tomorrow to see me on tv for mid day az!
You know, told me about this event.
I just realized that you were talking about the same one!
on twiter on the xbox awesome right
Can anyone tell me what the brewers magicnumber is
exactly!
Gotta doctoram, right?!?!
It just has 'peace' written all over it!
:
Ha wudup Sean you already know, I've been following for like 2yrs easy.
I've watched The Carter Documentary 100 times.
Thanks for the RT !
Have a great day!
u should watch in grease, daaah
som, not one of the best travel experiences?
Touché!!!!!
Ah hah hah hah!!!
Thanks AntiJoke Chicken.
I LOVE You!
I hate you so much right now.
ok that's it i'm marrying ed sheeran.
The clothes make the man, important when doctorssing 2 impress.
Especially for a job interview, date night or a 1st date.
I'm the bitch ?
You're the one who made and ugly list, what grade are we in ?
Preschool ?
Some of the best lessons are learned from past mistakes.
The error of the past is the wisdom of the future.
Dale Turner Bellargo ...
GM!
We specialize in residential and commercial locations in MiamiDade, Broward, Palm Beach, and Monroe counties.
Watching some vs.
Northwestern on BTN.
Go Hoosiers!
Why though?
If u werent going to love me for real why we're you win my mom I the first place?
Vulcanize the whoopee stick
I have the bestest friends ever!!
Thanks all for an amazing birthday celebration Saturday evening!
Much love
Thanks for all the followers :
COME THROUGH CUHH RT : Off the clock
: if I have my party for my Birthday , will you come ?
dont know ..
hi back ;
I give printed editions of newspapers only 5 more years of existence.
Sorry seniors, watch wgntv for stale news.
24/7newsbytwitter
Nice meeting you!
Thanks for saying hi.
That was me at Gum Tree.
:
I cant wait on greatness gotta make it happen by any means it mite not come tonite but this nite shift im on is a good azz start!!!
Tonight felt like a summer night and now I don't want to go to school.
...
i had you guys at 1917 thru the 1st 36 games.
So far I'm correct.
Sad news  Timbers Forward Eddie Johnson transported to local hospital with fears of possible concussion.
Thanks Keegan for all you do!
RT : If you guys aren't following or
The Detroit Sports Freaks wrap their pilot episode.
Stay tuned for airtime  website addoctorss.
Follow the Freaks on www.yournewsdetroit.com!
Yes it is!
Hope to see you in Cali soon.
poor Brooke shields!!!
Received surprise 2nd copy of Seth Godin's fabulous Linchpin today!
Brilliant marketing  super cool gesture!
I could really use a vacation right about now.
So me and Stegg decided that when he turns 18, we're self submitting our asses to
OK I don't get why Community fans are going berserk over news story rumoring a final seas of 13 eps...
that's renewal, not cancellation
Yeah fuck reason.
Recycle was a letdown not even real time but it hour it'd be better.
Welp logic here I come!!!
love the first issue...congrats!
I know I'm a bit late to the party.
;
HEY LOVE!
Good news here: My 1st Union gig  a speaking role on Boardwalk Empire for this Monday!
1 step closer.
You are what you eat?
Yes but you really are who you believe in and without God I am n o t h i n g!
haha I have not.
I tried hard with the gf during spring training but we couldn't get on there.
: And remember, there's always money in the banana stand.
Jeffrey Tambor NABShow
I knew the company before I even clicked.
Sad sign of its numbered days.
what's the name if it?
Wise people speak a language, based on principles, that supersede the imposition of the artificial structures  divisiveness!
Smooth talkers are sketchy to me
Lmaoooooo anybody remember when Royce Da 5'9 used to rock rhinestones on his bandannas
have no choice I be back in the summer
10:15 at night and im doing a research paper I should stop procrastinating
Omg and I got an A on the IT project!
Pretty proud of ourselves!
We are!
RT : Who's pumped for the YPNChat!
i cant study anymore at this dorm
Have a great day everyone!
If you've had a week like I've had, you're probably screaming IT'S FRIDAY BABY!
LOL
Catching up on  home paper/computer work, laundoctor.
Packers/Bears game.at 3:00.
Ultimate dilemna who to root for.
Leaning towards Pack!
omg Austins looking god!
see, we already on the right path..
Trying to focus, but its not working.
SAD
Thank God for letting me see Another Day ....And GoodMorning Twitter!
RT : City Manager says Waterside building still has life in it
RT tdl When Universe takes something from your grasp, It's not punishing u, but merely opening your hands to receive something better
i expect video documentation.
they probably sneezed on their doctorve up 95.....
A walk to remember is on.
illpunchuinthefaceif u say justin is gay I really will
Who needs a Mint copy of Chris The Glove Taylor  David Storrs vinyl 45 featuring Ice T?
ForSale Electro Rap Hit me up!
bring my guitar to my house please
If you have an iPhone, but you don't have Your Best Day Today on it, you don't need an iPhone.
Download Your Best Day Today, today.
you're awesome.
Thank you for taking the time to listen to us all day xP 3
but im not tho so
No, it's because people don't realize they can't program
jaffacakes cake or biscuit?
Don't know if I got it or if everyone's an amatuer, don't know if my background gives me better hands in life than yours...
IT'S NEVER GOOD TO BE CONTENT...
Especially when you know you can do better  feel you can do more
The last time the Knicks won a playoff game, gas was averaging about 1.70/gallon.
very cute idea
Liam, don't let her get away with that one.
:
I still get butterflies when I see you and smile at every text you send.
It's nice to see the sun out today and have warm weather but I certianly hope everyone is ok after all those bad storms we had yesterday.
I hate time difference, other mahomies are still sleeping and I'm just like yoohoooooo
learn how to text back and there would not have been a problem!
:
The thing I don't like about Twitter is when you scroll through your professorle, all you see is your own head over and over again.
Creepy!
Oh nice!
just made apple pancakes!
: Gettin ready for the Crushing Cancer benefit over in Windsor today!
Gonna be a great time!
one of the real good guys!
hey!
Watch it.
Lol, some of us old men can be a very nice Date Night ;
Yup!
First BC of 2012!
I really hope can forgive me for what happened like an hour ago.
Printed tees, embroidered polos, uniforms, promotional products and more.
Shirt Guy Direct right in the heart of Pembroke Pines,
Moby.
Dick dick dick dick dick  John Henry Bonham.
Then the war horse kicks that ass!!!!!!!
Congrats!
The Raffle Winner is Ek, Lauren!
: ; lol we in the same boat then Very much so!!
Happy New Year!!!!
Here's to a whole year of great food and great music.
Great!
I'll add you to the list to be considered for an upcoming issue.
AW
Why we just started following our friends today is beyond us :
miki and i were scratchin heads ..lol..btw , no more glad than me kid ...glad u got some sleep as well xo
We'll have a maintenance on Jan 2 or Jan 5 2012, Will post the details soon.
Whoa....true tho...service has slacked....who is your Fave?
This is a really creative and generative talk on psychedelic music and hippie sexuality from
All my dogs do is sleep.
What a life.
Finally, it's Friday!
Tragedy today puts coaching/working in baseball in perspective and increases my gratitude for that opportunity..
Be sure to watch the avenge the brutal hit on Marion Hossa by Raffi Torres and get your gear
Thanks and I plan on it.
Need another 20 to come off
My Body is in New York but my mind is in Dominican Republic.
A MILLION SUNS is a good readathon choice.
Considering the sequel for tomorrow myself.
Which session was it?
Apparently Julia Child and I shared an affinity for Kliban Cats.
Hee.
Love to eat them mousies...
So, so true!
RT : It is 1:11 am.
Tomato plants smell good.
Teach me to listen, my caring God, to those far from methe whisper of the hopeless, the plea of the forgotten, the cry of the anguished.
correction...
They sucked last night!
Ugh
If you had to pick one trait or characteristic that all great musicians like you have, what would that be?
You went with crap on the site?
Why, censorship?!
Apparently I know how to brew IPAs.
All Day!
at least it's all at my house?
heh, you may need to hire extra security!
you know, for those rowdy librarian students...
The devil's own...
A new piece coming from rebellious mind for the wary at heart.
Just Woke Up From Ah Deep Sleep!
Ha.
Not so fast.
There are different grades of deciding.
He's on his own level of the field, which is pretty cool.
you childish, don't tweet back.
Getting ready to cook Japanese food with French flair
Double Damn It!
Am to hungery
I've made it to my first job....finna give thanks to my Heavenly Father for a great start for today...
Nick finished at 10:44p, pace at 7:25.
Luai now heading to Greenfield Park.
Team Healthcare Heroes
HEY, you got an iPhone?
THE PEN was sort of about writing bringing about the end of the world...
Working on some new close up magic effects, after writing acoustic songs, man my fingers are killing me ha lol, but love it!!!
true statement.
i almost did.
i literally couldn't breathe i was laughing so hard
Checking out husband on social media panel......he has gray hair but doesn't talk like that guy!
There are some really pretty ladies here tonight.
Way to go Jess!
Bye bye NYC.
Thank you for 15 glorious years.
Xo
New artwork is up!
This can only mean one thing......another huge art show by curator, Guy Lombardo.
Check our event calender for details.
RT : RT : asked staff to work on the food trucks CM Samuels too!
Cc:
nun much daily life  doctorma
PickUpLine: Fuck me, I'm beautiful
I don't understand hash tags
Downtown NYC is not really like NY state.
NY state is beautiful.
And I'll tell you this: NY state grows more apples than any other state.
Lion King is awesomethe way they do the animals is incredible
was going to be a nice girlfriend and stay, but theyre taking FOREVER.
its okay coaches, i didnt want to see my boyfriend or anything.
and Trenton is getting damnedwell pissed about it!!
emergency iconathon fri 6:30 for occupy wallstreet e.g.
, citizen, oil barrell, 99....
all symbols that can be created...
the hub
Check out the FantasticFest Tour of Austin on Gowalla, it shows famous filming locations all over town!
Like I'd ever do what you tell me to do.
Nina Garcia and her son just arrived at the 10th annual bunny hop at fao Schwartz Shoshanna gruss and family as well
S/o to my old n new followers keep showing the love
Stop By I've got something I want to share with YOU: BP
Wisconsin Nazis.
I hate Wisconsin Nazis.
Yea Patriots!
For the past several weeks, I've been working on indepth reports about tornados w/ MN Public Radio.
Look for the stories soon on
had such a great night with yet another night from those still to come.
wow that's a bit doughnut
Thx for the new follows:
My cat gets mad at me if I go on her side of the bed.
Love You Guys!
:
Did it bring a bottle of wine?
My cat does that!!
taking garden projects in today.
miss u too miss graduate!
where I'd te
I can do all things through christ:
When do the Bucks hit the bottom?
How quickly can March 1st come?
whorelena !!!!
trend it.
Yup....right after we changed in the fedex office bathroom.
: fins crossed!
yes lols.
What about the smell of garages ?
Nice!
I'm planning on going this winter break!
Are you from the Cleveland area?
I'm from N.
Olmsted.
i want some kool aid and frozen pizza
RT : Of all things you wear, your expression is the most important.
Anon
they probably won't be able to but PASOK may try to be more leftist  form a coalition with them, the Dem Left,  Communists
Brady Hightchew out for the rest the game.
Ankle sprain
Yes, and if she had held out for 30 more days, would have been on my bday.
Yoga accompanied by Kings of Leon
Personally, I think God saw the way we evolved and peaced the fuck out.
Just got blood taken from my left arm, then it took them 3 times to get blood from my right arm!
RT : First annual TriSpringConf12 kicks off tomorrow in Dallas!
gl adam
Large Up the artists that SpeekTheTRUTH  are willing to throw stones at BABYLONwall  talk about Govt.
crimes/ corruption /secret socity
Mom's surgery scheduled for Friday.
Thanks so much for the good thoughts, all!
Amen.
Amen.
Amen
Of course!
Good luck with the chat tmister  I'll be on the road so probably can't join.
But I'll try to follow along :
I really want and to wish me and a happy birthday.
3
I love talk with the members at work.
dm your number too
Camera Fun Time: turn the camera back on yourself.
Shoot portrait  landscape orientations.
Look thru the camera to the other side  shoot.
Kristen Stewart Hits Up Jay Leno, Talks Snow White, Sticky Hands And Swag  The Inquisitr
I think I've only done one horror movie, Psycho I
who the hell was talking to you?!
Go cry in a corner somewhere smh
And no, I don't mean hot in the sexy sense, unfortunately.
:
keep up your work with photo!
: yay
i feel like stabbing my computer or my phone or internet related services.
bdjdbxhxjxbsjdbkxsjxj FAAaaakin HELL
Why do bad shit happen to nice people
Thank you too.
Yes, united we stand.
We are grateful to people who put their words into action.
If you're a guy and play lacrosse, I probably want you to sire my childoctorn.
It's fun work.
But yes, I plan on some down time now.
: And thank you for InfoCamping!
Stop retweeting!
my phone is going off every 5 seconds!
I seriously have no idea how to study.
Like yes I read over the notes I took in class.
Now what?
Tomorrow the questions will be impossible
We cancelled waterboarding as a Featured Event this year but the human pyramid is still on!
Bring it : MT : Our Celtics face 76ers in Rd.
2Wonder how it'd go if we took Boston vs Philly  played in hoops
Had no idea trying to hire a doctorver would be so hard.
I think it's the trying to hire a doctorver while poor part that's hard.
Event Tomorrow Morning 910:30am!
Support by Tweeting w/AthletaNYC to sponsor a yoga class for our students!
I'm ignoring him today Evil eyes

My little brother is so fuckin gay Lil Brother Like Bigg Brother Can't Blame Him  
Thx!!
We hope to see you soon!
I dont think jesus christ is a healthy obssession
Successfully lead others through change  5 ways to manage change bit.ly/ak6fIv
just read they're having major launch day issues
Here's hoping you have positive thoughts about stickK.
Please let us know if you have any questions that we can answer!
Another great day to get an out door workout in if ur near NOLA .
Final Four , festivals and plenty of Magazine St exercise options.
Go!
Just because he is gone over seas doesn't mean I am single....
Ooohhh great idea!
Are you and McCabe going to be at the Diamondbacks FanFest on Saturday?
I am heading down to see it.
so weird...I was looking for it too...I thought it was always in stores?!
Thanks for the RT
Officially cold.
Went from 6 to 10 loads of laundoctor this week.
you are right sir!
Amazon  on Winning More Business in Financial Services has already moved from 5M to 100K overnight.
Thanks everyone!
Follow my other account and : plzz an thanx
RT AP ALERT: House passes 1.1 trillion omnibus spending bill.
In Raleigh :
Spoke to my best bud,dang its been a good year but no matter how long we go with out speaking..we always pick up like we never stopped 3
Neighbor sitting on back stairs, smoking, looking straight into my window.
But not podcasting.
my pleasure
Whoever loves me will retweet this :
Lorenzo Neal
And more 420.
Matthew 4:20 And they straightway left their nets, and followed him.
That's a real trip right there!!!
Does a bear poop in the woods?
Bring it.
RT : Are you ready for saturday?
I'm a long way from where I wanna be3
Hahaa I'm waiting on him boo!
are you smiling because you're wearing your seatbelt?
Jesus wants to do acid with you
Found myself on the subway in Paris listening to Empire State of Mind on my iPod.
I guess that's how much I love New York!
On today's push by KXL opponents, says: Anyone who thought environmentalists were graying into irrelevance was wrong.
Think I turned him on.
I wasn't doing it sexually or anything but people say I'm a good back scratcher :P After that he seemed to noticed
You know you should be an ESPN analyst when you predict a 41 pacers series and you're right leggoPacers RT?
Someone id LOvee to meet in person !
idk why doee.
but id be excited !
: 
eat shit and die...im bringing that phrase back
your going to scare them away and they will never come back lol
ridiculously awesome.
postmemory: why did her own childhood seem evacuated?
Maus really influenced her
wheniwas13 it was a privilege to have crappy dialup internet service
I can't make any promises, but if they do that, we're both screwed.
Plan on early next week; Tues or Wed.
hopefully the winner is the dude with the car burning in the parking lot!
He's going to need it!
This weather in NJ is insane!
Three days ago 75 degrees today less than 50.
Glad I haven't turned off my heat!
Good times at the Wall Street Journal wine tasting in Atlanta's Botanical Gardens last night.
Phone battery at 26 it's starting to feel like a productive day!
It is like 120 degrees in Northeast Texas!
I want more air conditioning!
I want mine fueled by hemp oil, so get off your arse and make legal
what truth ?xD
everyone that came to 50pippin50 CAN come back !
check your dms!
let's be real, the goal was, is and will be...not to work w/ him.
That's politics.
Keith Kost Loves Balloon Porn Porter
Good morning..
I love rugby, I love rugby people, and I love beer.
That bar just got infinitely better.
We have a great night planned for !
Bring some friends and bring some questions!
Don't miss!
i can't wait for this new shit it's literally one of the only upcoming rap releases i give a fuck about.
a legend in any book.
I think working with him so often he rubs off on you.....
Thank you for all the love!!

Welcome!
Thanks for following!
Sounds like a cool project!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Hey Pat what you think about the pacers 114 start?
How do you think they will do in the playoffs?
sighs people smh
We didnt kill that Blue Bird today....
Lost a 4 game winning streak
People that have no idea what a puck is would show up just to be seen.
RT of you are doing Oceanside70.3 this weekend!
That sounds painful.
Don't forget to visit!
RT Beer  Cheese tasting  the Red Door, Sunday at 4pm.
Try 9 of the best beers available 15 a head
Hey NYU students, tomorrow is the last day to participate in Phase2 of housing.
Make sure to form your groups!
haha no problem.
It was a good one!
Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius?
when i cant sleep.
i listen to hella music.
ha thanks, Cody!
Strippers make more MONEY than most peoplee !!
How many times am I going to get burned before I learn my lesson?
The minute I heard my first love story I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was.
if i were president.....
well that doesnt matter cuz there is no way in hell i wanna be president...
EVER
hey, you're not alone with the boyfriend problems!
He asked me to prom, spent 400 on my doctorss and left me...
do we know how many provisional ballots there are and where they're located?
The future is here.
Just got a panel accepted with folks I only know digitally.
Kudos to for pulling it together!
It was fun!
I have a much better understanding of the QR code assignment now!
Ok ...
Where's that storm?
I need some wine tonight!
Obviously last day of parsons and it's gorgeous out.
It wouldnt be right if they didnt ruin just one last day....
Be sure to stop in today for French Onion Soup or our speciala vegan black bean burger with fresh salsa, spinach, and chiligarlic dijon!
Caps fans..Game 6 Sunday, 3pm
Classes end at 10pm on May 17th and final exams end May 25th.
Happy studying!
Tons The awards show, an open call, a meeting w/ a CD, hopefully a few w/ agents/manager, of course..UNIVERSAL, c'ng friends!
Hope all my wonderful friends had an amazing weekend!
2 more followers
All U Kentucky fans should be proud!
JORTS Harrellson is in early in the KnicksCeltics game.
MARV ON THE CALL!
Couldn't be better!
haha thank you kind sir!
I'm coming home next week son!
Reset it !
im not even mad by this :
Even after not having played in the AFC West for several years, Jared Allen still felt the need to taunt Phillip Rivers in the ProBowl.
yay!
I will run to store!
Avengers movie goers: You heard Schubert's Rosamunde String Quartet in the Germany sequence.
baseball exam just terrible.
Several questions about media areas, fans, etc.
Need to know things for JV coaches?
ah...
I miss the service industry sometimes.
Not sure about masks and guys in heels, but the getting wasted part.
Good music
RT if you have to take a second look at Austin's name cause honestly what you see is Mahorne 3 Mahorney for mahone 3
Dude!
I wish we lived in the same city so we could have beers tonight!
and I were gushing about our fun with you!
There's a fine line between tan and looking liked you rolled around in Doritos.
What a wonderful doctorpal summit!
Thanks Vancouver, and thanks to everyone who came and/or made it so!
A friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
Len Wein
tell me not doe
Thx for sharing.
Remember, The info on appointmentlink comes directly from salonsspas.
will you ever do a song with ?
Ariana100Questions 26
hot cheetos you burn SO good.
ha.
ha.
Staying in San Diego for 4 nights for just 150?
I'm ok with this :
Gotta make some business changes...SOON www.therealchrisfaith.com
About an hour and a half until we're back in Atown!
What's up PalmerFest !?!?
Great!
We'll make sure you get one!
The tired  dirty apartment combo is not working well for me.
Can't take it.
Is getting a fullbody massage as enjoyable as GIVING one??
haha yeah it's insane.
Writing cover letters and submitting resumes.
If you know of any advertising / communication / marketing internships in dc let me know!
thts not at all what i meant
Moved portal to new location
Jack Hanna's at SeaWorld today!
But first, I'm taking him to KENSTV to share some cool animals.
Tune in at 8:15 if you're in San Antonio.
One more day hanging with my mom and flight back to LA.
maybe i'll look it up!
relax
ascension time is upon us.
connect to your inner light.
align soul into embodied selfawareness  in tune with mind and heart expanding love
Stop by the Charene Creative booth tomorrow on May 10th from 47pm at the Signature of Solon for the 3Chamber Business to Business Show.
Th
I'm making a list and I'm checking more than twice
Hi John, Thank you for following!
Have a wonderful Sunday!!
hook up some chocolate
Caps CapsSens this fucking sucks.
Its not even fun to watch.
Saying you will endorse something  endorsing it MT Sr.
BO adviser: BO certainly will after the election.
hell yea!
Was lying in bed about to fall asleep 9 mins ago when my bed shook for about 10 secs.
I guess we're not done with the quakes yet ...
thanks for the RT Jess 
heading over to the mall soon to grab some dinner before work.
there's nothing to eat in the house :/
wish I could but I'm headin to Florida for the week.
Good luck man
Been Wrkin All Night...
Time Ta Switch Up...
I Need Beats And Features Holla  Me
home and completely spent.
can someone please make dinner and put my kids to bed while I stare at this spot on the wall?
If U Smile, The World WIll Always Smile 
Throwing my birthday party tomorrow night got a table and bottles everyone come smoke1 wit a nigga
Ugh anxiety is a fucking bitch yo.
I need to get these auditions over with.
United States Surgical Equipment Market Outlook to 2018 Electrosurgical Devices, Hand Instruments and Surgical Sutures
could see history tonight in Chicago.
Blackhawks could play in their 5th straight overtime game.
Off my case, Laptop Face
Bouta get a fucking job at this eat n park lol.
Apple reportedly working on physical gaming controller for iOS devices
I love you man.
Try to snap a Union Rags photo if you can.
Been in love with that horse since the Champagne last year.
Thanks!
Thanks for your support.
Make sure you give Eggdoctorp a try.
Hypothetically, if a fan throws a plastic rat on the ice at the Prudential Center, who gets the delay of game penalty?
I've never had black cherry, but you should definitely try their new blood orange  it's delicious!
Shake Shack?
I have no idea where the cool bars are tho : text u round 6:006:30?
lol u gone learn today !!
Barnett you fucking suck!
That locker room we will be fine as long as the packet nation stays behind us
choped this morning sighting as well
There is no greater reward in rescue than gaining the trust of a feral cat.
TOMORROW.
:D
Buying a ticket to China!!!
Munich.
and while there, go to Andechs monastery
Alice Rubin from starts our MusEdTech panel tonight by discussing ingallery tablet/smartphone usage: work with what you have!
yeah I can have conversations.
Dm me,  I'll help?
Why is everyone going in on Boston right now?
Lol
Saw them on Austin City Limits once.
That lead singer chick is cool.
Heard the new song on 88.9 and it's really good.
KT McCammond from Chicago just did this week
Get your preschooler ready to read with an interactive story time of books, music and movement today at Green Valley Lib at 10:30.
Yes!!
RT The last few minutes of tweets are suggesting that I should catch up on Scandal forthwith.
Picked up Anthony Morrow.
Do you think he stays this good?
Or, should I grab Afflalo or Josh Howard off the wire?
Call Me Maybe is obviously way better
Sometimes too much to doctornk isn't enough.
How was the lesson?!
tim
Got so much money my money count money.
Nothing like watching a Wishes video to get psyched for my doctoram internship interview!
You mean like that people at Portillo's who HAVE gas because they're eating Portillo's?
lol
when im doing proper gcse's im not even going to revise,bring on the giro
Aww why are you having a bad day?
im sorry.
i hate those days....just listen to one less lonely girl ;
Gesundheititis: When the bless you is louder then the sneeze.
My experience: length of blog posts inversely proportional to days left in semester.
YMMV.
you got it!!
we have your back!
do you miss me yet in Oregon ?
not really.
I'm going with Maggie.
Why?
this shit is bad
This is just such a bad week...
Wow and wow, Will.
Thanks for sharing!
my MuseoSpark is the fact that museums connect us to people across time and place.
Tonight We rocking the Empire Room
Random fact: Today in 1950 Chuck Cooper of Duquesne became the first black player ever selected in the NBA doctorft.
Boston in 2nd round.
Good morning, Yorkshire Gold tea, my dear, dear friend.
Need to get away
all i'll ever be to you is just another mahomie
Why thank you you are far too kind yet never show your face around me anymore...
whats up with that?
lol
I send inappropriate texts to everyone.
lol the things you can experience at iupui are truly amazing haha
Congrats to Weequahic High  Crime Stoppers own Head Coach Brian Logan on their playoff win against Hoboken Friday night!
Great job Indians!
R.I.P.
La Dectric Robinson one of, ikes finest
Here we go!
1.
Buy it  read it.
Email us with your thoughts  questions:
Next up John Unsworth Brandeis U on Mickey Mouse and T.S.
Eliot
RT : aawww!!
Y'all are so nice!!
Thank you for coming!!
:
All I have within me, I give You praise.
All that I adore is in You.
Lord I give you my heart, I give you my soul.
I live for you alone!
I want you guys to know, that this is the original page!
And her mom does help me run it!
thanks!
you think
Car commercial audition today.
Book a look.
I am not a fan of racial or stereotypical humor.
I don't find if funny  makes me question whether the person is racist or very ignorant.
Wiz KhalifaInk My Whole Body !
Go to www.watchnhllive.com for all the NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games!!!!!
you got it babe :
They all do
Soul  Funk Party at 2NITE!
All entry through Shadow Lounge.
Doors open 9 PM.
Happy Monday!
We've got a Senior Session this evening here in indianapolis.
Woohoo!
I've somehow found myself infatuated with a city that I've been yet to visit.
Life is funny.
of course you did.
Getting in touch with your ghetto fabulous side
We dance in the devil's house
Holy crap is the new First Aid Kit record amazing.
Can't stop listening to the song Emmylou..
Loved that mentioned the Miracle on Ice team when describing the 80s on Idol last night
oh hell yeah !
Hahaha
Alot of ppl talkin deals but no money on the table truth is my shit not organize nor do i have a manager ima member of sbmg grindin to get 1
It don't suggest?
Should Auburn play the season out with Cam Newton or should they bench him now and try to win the BCS title on their own?
Hm?
Where to perform next...
D.C., Missoula, Reno, Tucson, San fran, chicago?
he's doing his best impression of roberto.
i wouldnt there!!!
: BREAKING NEWS: AFRICA IS A COUNTRY!!!
Santorum CNNDebate I noticed that too.
what is your bad?
Ha
Thanks for sharing.
That is a BEAUTIFUL photo.
No spoiler here, but stunned with the DWTS results tonight.
Shot the TurboTax commercial today and the director was ...
F'ing incredible.
Bought a lottery ticket.
11/11/11
Liked the tease of baby face Miz on Raw.
He really showed his range as a character and athlete in the ring.
At barneys birthday bash
Hey Paris!
I just started following u, just wanted 2 say I keep ur Dad in my prayers  listen 2 his music everyday!
God bless
Monkey??
Lol  I would eat some monkey if it was in front of me right now
tweets are great!
Good Night !!
I am now on my 4 day weekend!
Its a great thing :
That's almost as many as scanned it at the museum, no?
Says sth about the unique  quirky peeps at MW2012 !
Everyone follow the CEO of 
Omgg really?
RT : Jamaican music get me hype .
Thank U 4 AGAIN mobilizing 2 help CIS studentsfamilies.
This time, it was finding beds for a CIS family!
Amazing partner!
That could make sense.
But the appolicious article is from 2010  demand for mobile developers has increased a lot since then.
this too shall pass
how u liking cali bro?
Everyone getting ready for a fantastic time at Hempcon this year?
Look around for us and come say high!
if you could follow EVERY Mahomie, would you?
:
At Seaworld!
Hot!!!
My iPhone was stolen yesterday  lost all contacts : having fun though!
Only 4 more days until we raffle of the Ipod Shuffle!
Don't miss out, enter today!
There not,he is still single: Read his tweets
But do you tenderly, lovingly care?
I think there's some1 4 evry1 jus keep an open mind and heart.
RTBlairKerkhoff: Kansas has played 227 games without consecutive losses, Duke 112.
On Wed, KU visits Baylor, Duke goes to UNC.
i send u it lets go
should come too Scotland and have a big glass of Irn bru!!!
You don't know what your missing!
:P hehehe 3
thank you:
want to read the oped, but the link's not working.
can you tweet it again?
looks exciting!
weird!
i wonder why...
it is awesome..
sorry dude!
Crew96 RT The internal flame of loyalty never flickers for fans of the beautiful game.
I see the homie is following people I hope for a followback also !!
You know you're class is fun when you can include a fake exam question that asks them to define/use an imaginary concept...
they like it.
same here, would love to get just even one wilco ticket!
Any stations giving out tix?
Early submission deadline vastly approaching!
www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
I need a new twitter name....preferably with MY name in it.
hm suggestions anyone?
I'm SO uncreative.
RT : First tsunami from Chile earthquake quake strikes Japanese coast; initial waves small  Associated Press
ha!
I was just thinking the same thing.
worst day ever.
Lmao i have a headache atleast i brought advil with me haha
just turn off your hair and go back to work.
yes, golf.
Good catch Mike!
do you like salsa music i been trying to learn spanish so i can impress her and be sweet i really like spanish music now
Today's trip w/  was worth putting a suit on for.
We met winning incarnate.
Stanford scores 4 straight to grab 3529 lead with 1:43 left.
Minutemen need to keep it close with Williams on the bench.
Heading to LA for lamarket to do my fall buying for !
I want an owl and,or a monkey.
they have half price tickets on Goldstar if you wanna see it.
Just don't sit in the front couple row if you don't want to get wet.
The positive vibes of check them on FB..
Great networking connection
follow an little elephant
girls from Mayville are crazy like that!
Trust me I know!
Alright then I will :
2012 here we come
There's no such thing as death.
It's just an experience.
A change of clothes.
Not a damn thing's changed.
Powerpoint still sucks.
So stoked for today!
See you there?
21CRadio A5 I like local music blogs like and also follow a lot of music Tumblrs
We were made to be like speakers amplifying Christ
No one likes spam.
So stop
You guys.
IM GOING TO CHILDISH GAMBINO.
HellYea :D :D
I would tend to agree.
For now.
But I don't think Chomsky argued otherwise.
The goverment dude.
Moyer has motivation, he's going for 300!
I didn't make twitter to have any doctorma actually i was forced to make a twitter by an unnamable person lmao buht ilove it now..!!!
Excited for Lambda Pi Eta's internship information session tonight.
See you at 6pm!
I just realize something :
Pretty face could you make the jump with me?
I'm dying just to let things go.
Soccer game 2 for Justin tonight!
Scored the gamewinner Saturday, so let's see what tonight holds!
is definitely the best reason I've ever seen to be doctornk for the Oscars.
Here goes nothing...
The Bet awards are going Great....
texting josh :3.
must sleep well tonight cause starting tomorrow, my brain and body will be going on a chaotic ride  good and bad.
hopefully more good
Touché!
RT : : / this Jesus must die Cahifas, JCSuperstar
ANVC/Scalar works w/cultural heritage institutions to help move scholars' interaction from access to interpretation.
the feeling's mutual.
But do you like me more or ????
I've seen it twice on teens in The D so it must be hot: Plaid shirt with plaid shorts.
Walking picnic blanket or cuttingedge?
ouch, hope you're ok.
thanks a lot!!
Their best album.
Awesome dude!
ya well we just got off the river trail downtown, we got poured on half way, then it was REAL slick.
Until You by Billy Currington 
thank you for leading on food stamp challenge in Phila.
Who else will be so bold?
the is what I ment not he
Happy Birthday !
What inspires you to dance?
U might be onto something!
Instagram competition for best Screaming Tuna pic?
Winner gets sushi for a lifetime?
My favorites: Pok Pok, Bunk sandwiches, Lucky Lab beer hall, Deschutes Brewery, Hedge House, New Old Lompoc, Bailey's Taproom
in the house launch sippin on
GOOD JOB RILEY U GO GIRL!!!!!!
What's everyone up to tonight?
Us?
We're hanging out on the porch listening to some smooth Country tunes!
Join us:...
Absolutely!
Makes us human.
S/0 to all my new followers I see yall
image says alot and thats wat you need when rapping
It is neither good nor bad, but thinking makes it so.
William Shakespeare
I will for sure in Fall at the latest...when I do...
we gonna shot a video for dat song wit me and Spade
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter the first Top Trend was something to do with Justin Bieber.
That hasn't changed much.
hey young Ma im excited to see you

LAX.
Bye everyone.
Gas prices are ridiculous...smh
Lots of references to companies hiring during intros at BCBos.
Thats a good thing.
I love the garden and tomato basil chippppss!
Oh my goodness.
PHOTOBOOTHINGThanks friends in: Kingfisher, Stillwater, Guthrie, Choctaw, Tulsa  Newcastle!
great Wknd w/
Hard truths cut both ways.
Holla People Getting ready for school!..
Yay!
Only 16 more days left XD
At LL!
Hollaaaaaa
Are you managing social media over there?
I love when females know how to shoot!!
it's most definitely a necessity :
no!
i would NEVER call you a hoe!
see...just look  this.
This is the job now here's ur experience::::::You're just overqualified...see?
:D
How yal doing tonight
he must have been good in bed because even his hair can pop a boner!
your very welcome!
:
If you aint at the Vogue tonite!!!
You crazy!!!
Fingerprints on that mobile device?
Stop by booth 345 by the cyber café for a complimentary microfiber screen cloth!
heart of a lion
WORSHIP THE BEAST!
Excited to attend For Sisters Only today with some cool sistahs :
I wish I was still asleep in my warm bed :
RT : I got a Klout  K from Jessica Northey!!!???
In the words of VH1, I'm having the
Waking up at 6:30 just to go on a field trip to Austin with my amazing cousin:
We have some superclouds here in Portland tonight.
dsoc sla2011 great session on workplace  privacy rights this morn.
Perhaps an update in chicago?
Don't Sleep Just Grind
damn cold will not go away still sneezing like a mad man.
Should be a great afternoon of golf at
LOL My daughter loves that show.
The moms  Abby scare me RT : Dance Moms makes me feel better about my mothering skills.
great take on the BFT lets get J Crawford bro
Prost!
Four Peaks Brewing Co.
is the place for ber in Tempe.
Or at least it was six years ago...
could you follow ?:
As long as you're the first dude that uses it.
Lol.
TheMostCommonLies YES/NO
why because I'm the only one in this account I think i need
Just threw a pen away because it ran out of ink2nd time that's happened this year!
I really feel like I accomplished something.
That's one of the cutest thing I've ever seen.
Where is it?
Who?
and Why?
no I'm going!
I'm just not doctorving since I don't think it's scary!
Been spending so much time on fb lately...started to like your comment.
;
nothing bored as fuck at home.
People initially said Twitter wasn't useful.
Response was same with ice cream.
Should we get rid of it too?
Hey can you believe I'm actually on twitter?
Caught a foul ball tonight?
OMG that's super original and has never been done before!...
But yes.
Game at Bethlehem.
I love Don Trip music!!
Tagging is very important in sharing information in and as it helps in the ordering of thoughts
How does kissing and showing affection influence childoctorn?
I know I C u center of the stag RT : Jammin Waka Flocka concert
i'm pretty sure it's saying if you had a twin ...
Play with you 29th.
CD release Nov.
Email us about possible show trade.
It's Friday.
It's warm out.
It's bday party.
This calls for breaking out the Hawaiian Tommy Bahama.
I think obnoxious neighbors are very much the same, yes.
At least they've stopped, for now.
It is so trippy seeing Rihanna perform minutes after her ex batterer.
nope still not over it.
Life is amazing!
End everyday with victory and if that fails, attempt again!
Og Mandino greatest salesman in the world
I have strong feelings about gun control.
If there's a gun around, I want to be controlling it.
Clint Eastwood.
Celebrating my birthday at the Edison tonight!
Stop by and have a doctornk with us!
For those wondering, Ben and Jerry's banana peanut butter greek yogurt is pretty amazing.
Not so healthy, though!
People will forget what you said.
They will forget what you did.
But they will never forget how you made them feel.
Thanks
Right back at cha...
Wish I could but I'm at work.
I'll try later if your still on.
What...No more Keith on MSNBC.
What will I do
Scribblers Success Formula: Share you expertise, Ask Questions, Showcase Your Work, Showcase Their Work CTCTFB Perfect!
: Just trying to pad my tweet stats..
Gotta pad my stats!!!
IT IS REAL YOU EMO!!
Actually, it's FAKE!!!!
Easier, faster for the FOIA officers to redact on paper  tried to train ours how to do digitally  or at least scan but no luck.
Hey Fla!
Happy Friday!
Family day at church was amazing 3
u mad bro?
oh, right.
forgot we were talking about Pouliot.
Hell, I don't know what I'm talking about at all anymore.
U don't even have to the best body to make money just gotta do all the right moves!!
thanks!
And , happy to help our if you have any questions.
There's nothing like a night with to turn a rough day around.
: love her!
Tom Terry is keeping an eye on this rotation the same way a lion keeps his eye on a limping gazelle.
off this for now, gotta love my 2nd family 3
any chance Burfict could be switched to an OLB or DE?
He's big enough and would be a scary pass rusher.
Then come to Gumer's to find the perfect ring and band!
RT : Know someone planning their BIG DAY in 2012?
Museum weddings are...
My room is so damn messy
Fiber makes me sad:
Can't wait to see you there!
Make sure to tweet pics / updates.
Nothing like starting off the week with 5 hours of sleep!
Chill out nigga I'm about to enjoy myself
I made this crazy concoction of a breakfast smoothie that has kept me completely full for hours...
weird.
I usually get hungrier after one
OOH Ya man follows u on twitter?
Smh Thats too bad lol
Good morning world.
:D
talk that shit, i walk that shit
you're going?!
So jealous havefunnnn :
You should:
it is not so much what we do as it is how we do it that makes the difference in our lives.
Why isSEO best job in the world?
Because we help people achieve their online goals while providing the best ROI for their advertising 
nice vocabulary
what u got?
I am RT OMG tonight's DH is so good!
Who's watching tonight?
And right before us is GCB!
IfYouDontBecomeAFan of and you don't got swag!
love a good smack talker!
Madison NO FEAR Dentistry awarded Best Places to Work by Madison Magazine!!
My mac gotta fly in style i need a new hand bag.
how are you?
Wednesday Delivery Special: Free doctornks on orders for 5 box lunches!
I know right??
hahaha!!!
So...
DO YOU put the seat down???
thank you for always providing us with valuable health information.
health comes first!
'not only is this the biggest manchester derby ever played, it might just be the biggest english premiership league game ever played.'
Superb, and if you don't mind awfully, Tam Holland, you're being followed :o High Praise, Cat!
Thanks!
We'll definitely consider for future eps!
I miss wikipedia so much.
I so love and still is a fan!!!!!
yeah, it was very setupheavy.
nothing too exciting, aside from the shocking lack of nudity
S/o to for the follow.
oerseries what's in it for the creators?
All teams in top 7 and trading partners have helped there teams Ina BIG way !!!
Great doctorft so far!!!
Way too many picks each year for Rivers.
And always negative.
He's another Jay Cutler.
Indeed it is!
I know, I know.
WHY THE HECK ARE YOU FAVORITING EVERYTHING...
KEY WORD EVERYTHING....
WATCH AT SCHOOL JUST WATCH!
Rush Limbaugh has lost so many advertisers that his show had several total minutes of dead air today.
No you wont!
;
obviously!
There was lots of yazz flute.
Finally getting Chipotle, thank the heavenly antichrist
thanks for the FF!!
lost boys
gym mats gym matting gym flooring  gym mats flooring
Washington should retire that niggas jersey cause he rejuvenated that franchise.
Yep he did.
The other brotha Lucca was in 3rd place
hell yea
I know you got a super awesome score on the ACT but can you like stop posting it all over Facebook?
K thanks bye.
Do you realize the 850 billion dollar bank bailout is greater than the entire running budget of NASA over the last 50 years?
Neal Degrasse
Anyway to make dolphin my default browser
RT if you love giraffes
At Groves you can be sure of a secure, safe, gated community.
I do that at 6:30 am in the shower!
Wake up da whole house :
i wish i was beautiful.
haha yeah true!
but its cute!
haha, but i understand it could probably get really annoying
Its wednesday so its time to be optomistic!!
At least the weeks halfway over.....
We welcome walkins!
We have 2 onechair rooms  a twochair couples room.
Sections 123 get free smtown shirts.
Why?
you know, Using swag at the end of every sentence doesn't make you have swag.
But it does make you fucking annoying!
Im gonna get back into hip hop dancin after this is all done!
Wordle  lesson on adjectives  red paper  ole fashioned color, cut  paste  21st century second grade fun!
Something fundamental  powerful abt the message everyone is doing it.
Social norms influence individual behavior
Guess I need to get back doctorssed, shoot some moves...
and politicians are punished for coming to new conclusions
I think its your bed time :p
greater trochanteric fracture is the right name...
Oh, you've got a reason.
it my birthday can i get from you both and get a win for me have a great day and be safe
RT : Q3 What Jedi Mind Tricks do we employ in our tradecraft?
everything is much funnier with a dirty mind
I'm not against lipsyncing.
I'm against Nicki Minaj lipsyncing.
And I'm against MIA, period.
fuck yes.
resting on my best friend the bed 3
I'm still using the same pair after 11 years.
They saved my career and I can even play music again.
Highly recommended.
I know...I'm terrible.
I just...i don't know man.
Wellp time to ruin my liver and damage my Brain cells.
Let's get summer started
ubaldo needs a defining win  fast!
i like your quotes and can u follow me?
i sort of think we shld go to thw 3 dollar theater like..
Asaap!
The German Ambassador to the UN who just appeared on Colbert is an actor, and not an actual German diplomat :
That's exactly it.
Sounds like they've been spending a lot of time listening to Meat Puppets.
I can't believe that its been nine years and now its over OneTreeHill it has changed my life.
planning on midmay :
But after passing a man digging in the trash downtown this morning, I realize that I have so much to be thankful for.
Wow, that's serious business.
Lol

Finally had a chance to put my Romo together, super easy and I think it took longer to download the app then to assemble it!
Relay for life was good..
I walked for my mother god Mom and god grandmother: they are all cancer survivors..
pancakes it is then!!
and yes with nutella on top!!!
:D
Why is Justin soo amazing!?
amen!
I second that shit!
Fb So We can Work !
Don't make me close one more door, I don't wanna hurt anymore.
i really like makeup forver hd foundation.
I have several mac formulas too..
it all depends on what you want out of it.
Thank you.
I am overwhelmed with happiness and gratitude!
Another beautiful day in the ROC looking forward to getting outside!
thiis wet seal told me not to come to gardner webb
Makes me smile 
Home w/ my daughter today.
She's not feeling well : hope I didn't give her my cold : 
Yes, and what he is today determines who he will be tomorrow, so the important time for action is NOW.
Cant Wait till 2maro...My Day with My Mom...............and sahkari i guess
Going to see Hunger Games tonight; wonder if it'll live up to the hype.
lol I'll have to order some for Easter!
How are you?
Tomorrow!!
Black Friday Tattoo Sale!
Get 50 more than you spend on a gift certificate when you pay cash!
100150, 500750, etc!
can't wait for the UFO files tonight.
im sorry ive been with the fam: but ok:
MLB claims copyright over any video of a baseball game now?
baby you turn the temperature hotter, i'm burning up, burning up for you baby.
Just voted 5 times in a row for Melanie Amaro , you do too...
More than 2 dozen area contributors weigh in on WASTE, the latest theme issue from awardwinning zine SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE!
Correction: not all of his films have strong female leads as there are exceptions such as Law of Desire  The Skin I live in for example
I like to think that I still matter.
Where are all the night owls at?
RT if you're still awake.
I'm glad we have a common bond.
Can only love the best, the packers!

battery depleted
I don't think this overwhelming feeling will ever go away.
At least not for another 2 1/2 months.
OMG  Tommy looking like a slightly heavy set Don Knotts in his Senate bid TV spot
Why don't publishers sell ebooks directly?
Would they need a retail license?
So what can you do to help childhood obesity?
Check out this run.
It's for a great cause and you'll get to meet me
Imma river dance my way to the next bar from this one lmao
traffic sucks!
what am i?
:c
RT : BBQ Bacon Chedder Burger today !
grubspecial COME GET SOME!!
I would personally go with Hicks and Knox.
Floyd tends to 'noshow' at times and scares me.
Knox in that O is looking big
You inspire me how you always create amazing, compelling content  have a fresh, interesting, cool approach.
let your smile change the world, but dont let the world change your smile
Culture will eat strategic planning for breakfast ....
but that's for lolz.
I don't use it out of ignorance lol
Keep seeing that Pure Michigan commercial that brags about Ann Arbwhore.
pukes in mouth
It's Thursday  you must be thirsty.
Show us your Gennys tonight, wherever they may be.
thank me now.
best I ever had.
sooner than later.
practice.
headlines...must I go on?
Doin the thing Downtown CLE tonight...
are you effing kidding me 
mittromney needs to ask himself are any of the Osmond's gay?
you should Skype it so I can see :.
Or they should record your sesh!
Good to go on Hmong!
I'm stoked to hear about it
COBRA!
Get downstairs for dinner!
COBRA
Awesome.
Let me know where you r headed or when u r leaving.
I am eating now.
Not sure what to do after.
Awesome.
Let us know how it goes and feel free to ask any questions.
.
Please tell me this awesome moment was done at the hoop at my desk?
I do!
They root for Philly.
yfrog.com/kkc0rpdj wow this is beautiful weeding cake by
I get great thoughts at night.
Then can't sleep for fear I'll forget them in the morning.
Random people talking to me...
MERP
PRAYING FOR A BLESSED SUMMER!!!
Well, I've survived the day.
Major marcfail: doors didnt open for a bit on 448 and then only on 3 cars  major track 13 overcrowding
No I don't.
Sorry!
Ugh hate going to the doctors.
Somebody tweet me, im bored!!!
Eli was invited on his first playdate this Saturday...I'm a little nervous!
He'll have a blast though with his little sweetie Jill Bill
If anyone is looking for a really great band to listen to, don't listen to Maroon 5.
They suck.
I feel like there should be PSA's a/b this.
Must say, Madonna still looks good after all these years, tonight on.
Moebius'spoetrychallengeMotherfuckers I told her, I love you, but until you put a ring on my finger...
we're just fucking.
Hope or less
It's not a good sign that I am checking for grades compulsively.
I know that they won't be there until at least January 1.
Get 50 on deposit.
Feels like 119 degrees out?
WHERE AM I
Agreed, Cafeteria table tents shall be added to my checklist.
Once hung out with a girl at Vertex who swore she was going to change her name to Jezebel.
Don't remember her name..
Miss those nites cuddling on the couch and watching movies, fuck it i guess
got the awesome disney fantasyland postcard in the mail last night!
It made my day!!
:D
Paid a freshman to give me her marketing project.
I'm THAT done with school.
Going to see The Screwtape Letters at the Taft Theater tonight.
badarchivists process collections with a Cuisinart.
Up late working on the phone directory  should be ready in a few days
All local doctorft sampling party tonite 68pm.
Lavery La Bealtaine, Voodoo White Magic, Helltown Idle Hands DIPA, All Saints IPA EE Monkey Boy
Really want the Grizzlies to win it all now.
Half the time when I doctoram of my parents they are themselves, the other half they are my subconscious, in the latter care they're way meaner
Evidently there isn't a female who knows how to play the guitar who can break into this sausagefest.
I missed the start of it!
: what all did they show?
I only had to be a team leader.
Suck it down
Join us at 3pm to cheer on the Bruins!
Let's get a Game 7 in Boston!!
please follow she is you biggest fan!64
blah blah like I care lol
you're welcome lmao.
I need more followers people..
I will follow back
I love having friends that are such talented writers.
i failed you lol.
But no more after tonight
Mel Blanc was allergic to carrots.
any hints???
Dis damn beer is nasty as hell bud ice
hope that doesn't mean your cutting CraftBeer out.
Best way to get your carbs : 
Watching the documentary with !!
Love you guys 3 ...
He's an ambassador at siena college
Exclamation marks don't really exist in AP style.
Avoid them, if possible.
Thanks for all the shout out for me and Radio Disney NBT.
I can confirm I have been submitted.
Thx for the support
Cinderella is proof that a new pair of shoes can change your life.
Author: Unknown RT : What is ur favourite fashion quote?
Bro we made a track for you let us know what you think.
Thanks we appreciate it.
The link is with it
Somebody looks to be coming in sportingkc hope vermes gets this right.
EXACTLY!
How dare he make fn of me but say it the same way :
Another day another design!
I hope my web guy gets the site done soon!
I have a tone of stuff to put up, and I want to get started!
And off to work we go
I guess doctorssing trendy after rolling out of bed so your hair looks crazy is in??
Flying Colors sits next to Flower Kings on my phone.
That's a bitchin days worth of yardwork music!
Looking for great toys and games at awsome low prices?
Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
Yeah the characters all play the typical stereotypes but I still enjoyed the story.
Season 2 is pretty good w/ Krays story.
Silence is the most powerful scream.
Don't forget to catch Faviana on the Today Show for their REd Carpet, Golden Globe looks on NBC!!
Long Beach?
Sports?
Duh.
Follow !
ThinkLikeAMan was too funny!
I'm still laughing!
Kevin Hart is CRAZY.
Everyone was great!!
Thursday is LadiesNight at Grazie!
FREE doctornks for the ladies from 911PM.
As if you needed another reason to stop by and see us!
What is the huge deal?
It's a MacBook...and really, I think you've been a great support to Jason during his transition.
She's a waste of space.
Hair cut then gym ready for video shoot tomorrow :
Oh!
that PG mother's Day commercial.
:.
3 Could I be more of a sap??
LMFAO u mean I'm trying to tho!!!!!!
Just dnt want to be mean about it!
Love it.
Except Anna Paquin.
She somehow made being Bi less cool.
I Did...
RT : So everyone had Dave Blaney winning after a jet fuel explosion, right?
Exciting week with the Hockey Playoffs!!
Cheers!!!!!!
did you make an appearance because you knew it was my birthday?
How sweet!
thank you for having a twitter that i can look at and read things like this tweet, you have no idea how happy it makes me :
I need to he in bed by like 1
WHERE.
HOW.
Hey there buddddeeeeyyyy!!!
;
Sorry, I should be more specific.
Who illustrated the cover photo for your Facebook pg?
Work is so familiar, I forget artist.
That is the best, those puppies were lucky to have you!
Reading Kerry Reichs' 'The Good Luck Girl' and pleasantly surprised!
Eduardo Saverin renounces U.S.
citizenship so as to not pay taxes on Facebook stock.
Oh yes, bottomline business folk sure are patriotic.
man i do not like being the only child.
Successfully avoided all media outlets for two days and watched the Oscars two days late without knowing any outcomes.
Great job, Kira.
When she dosent text back!
GIRLS:Dont make fun of his family if theres something serious then tell him its not what you say, its how you say it
hey what's up?
Already regretting Modern Marvels: Cold Cuts.
Machine separated chicken brff
TheFiveAt735 is coming up!
I have tickets for you to come hang at the LastSummerEverJam after the number 2 song!
Happy Valentine's day everyone
Watching Teen Wolf on Netflix.
Grins on grins on grins.
I just got really confused by a letter someone forged and then signed my coworker's name on.
I need a beer.
Stat.
To alleviate my confusion, can we pls combine How's it going?
and What's up?
Appropriate answer to the new phrase will be Good much.
I Make Things Happen, YouHaveTo .
Always worth the doctorve, isn't it to see My Lake Placid doctorve was 3 hours.
:
GET CRUNK!
Okay.
linos liberals in name only?
Yeah, Im doing pretty well on some of the sites I didnt think that I would, on not so great on the ones I usually do great on
Back to back walk offs!
Can you make me an imagine please?:D
What is the best way for us to share our upcoming studies with you?
twitter?
facebook?
pinterest?
linkedin?
FInd us there, and tell us!

Thanks for the FF!
we now have hats in the Seattle Childoctorn's Cancer Alliance!!!!
that's sweet man.
What do u blog about?
Send link
All are great!
Rain all night and all day tomorrow3
ANYTHING ONE DIRECTION!
:
Nice page :3!
Wish I was in a play so when I talked to myself while longingly staring into the distance it wasn't awkward.
If Usher don't cut that damn mohawk off tho...
Anytime I hear Matty V's name, all I can think of is G.
Maddux running around SD locker room with toothbrush stuck in rear.
Oy!
Since i'm getting an iPhone 4s, i have to delete half the photos i have.
But the result sure looks like it paid off.
Oh yes she is RT: That girls outta control, shes outta control 
Go back to MySpace, it's a real blast
you will get a check, but direct deposit is an option for the future if anyone prefers that other than a check
The harder I work, the luckier I get.
Gary Player
On the road to
Two nights of good sleep!
It is going to be a great day.
how dou use nonlinear narrative approach to time/place/objects within interactive space to encourage flow vs wandering in story/time?
Production meeting in Granada Hills preB's game.
They better recognize that my B's are clearly more important than any film we're making!
All black everything dope boy casual
Happy Thursday!
Have a great one!
ur new nick name is Carmel pop
Don't forget  book this week for your January or February event and save 75!!!
treadmill?!?
Come on becca lift some weights doing a circuit workout.
You'll burn a ton more calories!
And its more fun!
The power of random!
:D
Fantastico!
I can't wait!
But I can, and I will.
Max Kramerrrrrrr, buddy its your...ah steve
Hell of a day!
RT TODAY: KEITH HARING, DERBYTAUNT BALL, EMA, THE RUB LIVES
Im getting tired of seeing people with Hunger Games tshirts on.
...allows us to thrive in our careers.
But if decision makers/powers to be are offended by our femininity it can hurt us.
Lamborghini unveiled an SUV?!
That's wild.
Finaly the Flyers won a game.
do they have any chance of winning the Cup ?
Getting the grills off tomorrow.
location isn't my priority for this one...
But UWM bringing football would be good for UWM and Milwaukee
Brussels sprouts!
: The little leaves separated, tossed w/oil, salt, cheese, and crisped up in oven.
where is the noise tonight????
Going to go finish the BSU OSU you game.
and we are 2jajajajja guys are so funny!:x
When your mistakes haunt you 
I'm calling BS on the severity of the Hurricane.
The media is pumping this thing up more than they do Boise State.
....hey you!
I've no idea how to do this.
The night took a really interesting turn after Sky Club!
I heard you guys had a fun pizza party afterwards!
If Heath was 7' 5?
RT : That was catchable by Heath.
Not Ben's fault.
BTW, I am fully Staching at this point.
To my surprise mostly positive comments.
Still no match for the stache style of
What's taking so long
About TheVoice and her next album.
What did you ask her?
hooters.
Bubba hump shrimp also just opened up.
You ARE helping!!
In The Room.
Never doubt that.
Good Morning to all my new followers!!
So many of you so RT and have a great  Dynamic Day!!
its more of an image for them than an idea
Why are Viola parts written in alto clef?
Because it's harder to prove that wrong notes weren't copying errors.

You bet, thanks for posting it!
Always great stuff going on over there :D
his true feelings finally came out..
Just curious if you've ever designed a tumblr theme...
I could use a new one.
jhumda wow i need to get some 3D glasses.
I will be at the gym again today!!
W/start
Cnt wait til 7 so I can get out of dis Hot as Place!
What a beautiful day today is.
Beautiful like an armpit.
Listening to doctor Chris Renda define 'level of reflection'  how deeply you think about solving a problem.
Happy Easter Monday!
looks like I'm owed the best things in life from your entire apartment.
If you have mobile above baby's crib, make sure it doesn't hang too low for baby to reach.
Remove by the time baby begins to roll  sit up.
thanks homie, you too!
What you doin for NYE?
Let go of your story that you don't have the time to be present.
Give yourself a gift to do this.
Great advice
A Six Buck Chuck with Lea  Perrins Mushrooms, Onion Straws, Baby Swiss.
Chocolate Covered Strawberry Shake.
If anyone has been trying to call or text me today, my phone isn't working.
It's not me ignoring you....even though sometimes I do that too.
Sure you don't have diabetes?
60 of NOLA adults have at least 1 risk factor for diabetes.
Find out for FREE.
Text: HEALTH to 300400.
Get over yourself
45 minutes left, maybe you'll still get them...
thanks for sharing I love this event!
They sure are.
No letup whatsoever.
Hey, if you're going to be around later today, I'll call you.
Need to discuss a few things.
fireworks in Commonwealth Stadium that is!
The UK revitalization project is underway, thanks coach for bringin the hype!
If you attend an event with complimentary snacks, and it's obvious there is only enough for each person to have one, why do you pick 3?
do you see any merit in cloud/web based EHR solutions?
I love the fact my mom  Maria are cool about dying my hair at home  not at her salon.
It's just to far.
To no one in particular, because there are many girls who say this, but the hashtag sorryimnotsorry is the bitchiest thing to me...
After a week off, we can't wait to reconvene Thursday nite!
New David Wright chart on the agenda!
Tonight we have a TV dinner date with the Country Music Awards.
What Are your plans?
Creating a cartoon crab for a beer label.
What a fun gig!
Whoa...Emily looks a bit like a blowfish
Another 3R HR from Evan Longoria to make it 76?
If Dan Johnson comes out of the dugout, I'm throwing in the towel.
Why?
Is it because you don't want to hear the truth?
Everytime I tell you how it is, you get mad  me like its my fault.
Whatever.
Im scared.
Scared of facing my past.
nights like these, i could talk forever.
all of my problems built up, are like pouring out of me.
, thank you for being here!
Sounds good.
I'd repost with a more specific session title to make sure you bring in the right people.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Collaborative family law hijacked a name that makes it sound irresistible, but it is not what it seems.
barely talk to you now
Lol at the people really thinking LA can even contend with OKC.
Thunder in 6.
I just met in person.
I can now go home and call this BlogathonATX a success.
Hot as hell, but ready to play in this tournament!
literally cannot stop smiling.
Today is a great day.
Hardcore hideandgoseek :p
together, if you want to join!
What's in the juicer today?
I eat pop
Casting!
Rick Millikan casting BRAVE SOLDIER Intense Paintball Player and RICKY DUVAL early 30s Shady Looking for the series Bones.
And yet I am still awake?
Damn it!
So excited to see Fos today!!!!
If you guys are excited about the new single...maybe we'll post a clip?
LolRT : WEAVE IT LIKE ME CUZIN!
SO WE CAN FIND U A MAN!
FUCK A NIGGA NAME JABREAL ND MARQUIS!
OOPS!!!
LMAO

all the I  Art pictures!
Up reading...this book will not let me go to sleep.
i love all of the butt ...
Is my favorite ;D
I love ém all!!!!
Yayo creeps deep within tho RT : Video Games.
Born To Die.
Blue Jeans.
Carmen.
NATIONAL ANTHEM NEXT PLEASE?
I think that talking out the side of ya neck was the one I couldn't remember.
I didn't think that's what it was really called
Only five more like last night and I'll be even for the year!!!
I watched him all year in AA last year.
You just knew he was going To blow
good question.
Interested in helping us figure it out?
my workouts only fit in after 8pm due to my kids, so it's easy to just skip them and sit on the sofa instead.
A grandma is getting down.
LOL.
OMFG.
God, I will give thanks to You forever.
Psalm 30:12
your art work is great keep doing you and working hard:
np Superman  Eminem
Come out to EVilla this Thursday for ItsCasual with
Niche Bike Mag Puts a Photographic Spin on Cycling  Wired News
There are a lot of birthdays on this beautiful last day of August and we are shouting them out on facebook!
Yes!
Especially with all this Easter candy in my kitchen.
Apr 20,1922: Churchill was considering replacing troops with air squadoctorns in India and Iraq.
Well I'm up and time to make the donuts..or in my case doctorgs for the elderly.
Phoenix Coyotes vs.
Florida Panthers for the Stanley Cup: Now there's a surefire way to absolutely destroy any and all interest in hockey.
Thanks I haven't stopped yet either :
SUck it Up god Dammit!
You can live without pimpin your bitches out for a weekend!!
Twitter Baseball is more important then LIFE
Stone in a Sling: A soldier's journey is a comingofage book outlining a unique story of one young mans journey well into adulthood.
Great class at Source this week  thanks!
Just heard on Rome.
Good stuff.
Much better than hearing the Clones act like they know what they're talking about.
watching Merle Haggard at allforthehall2012 right now  all i can think is how would be in country heaven right now!!!
you should enjoy, great show
Israel in 4 BC had no mass communication
Yes, they really are.
i cant im on my phone
hahahaha denva shemnva...
we are going to dominate Gold Club and cannot wait
I'm not sure.
Norton Anthologies are pretty good except some have revised versions of texts.
Like newer, updated ones.
Waiting online for a talkinv egg named eggbert...how cool can sst get?
Can yall help me out?
I need people to tweet the link of my new video to their followers so I can get more people to watch it and like it!
never seen anyone outside of my family spell Velazco w/ a z  where's your family from?
My last retweet though
posts the best links.
Everyone should follow him.
Oh really?
Where?
And ewwwwwww..
Steelers are meatball!
3 me and my 5 closest friends are most hated in my school, that's why we stick together.
Kevin Hart is guest starring on ModernFamily as I tweet.
Happy birthday, !
You are rocking and rolling over there.
Congratulations my friend.
I knew you were always destined for greatness.
ima be 18 in Ten days !
idk if i should be excited or scared lol
criminal minds marathon!
so good
just noticed most of the people i talk on here are like 14 wtf.
Rep King just said we shld allow more childlabor in other industriesmost shocking part?
The level of agreement in the room!
newtsfriend?
Got me a new pair of cowboy boots :D
Hahahaha!
Not sure I really want to be reminded of what I did throughout the day.
Much less the night.
RT : Hell hath no fury like me when I step on a lego.
Wuz up Lafayette, La UPC/IMSO2COLD we out hea!!!!!
misterMysta VERBAL FINESSE VOL 1 get your copy ASAP!
you just like seeing the guys abs.
Te conosco mosco
Never let anyone bring you down 3
Cool story babe, now go make me a sandwich 3
Today in American History  Jan 21, 1824  American Civil War general Thomas Stonewall Jackson was born.
I hope i have some money for Bre birhday !!
doesn't it just.
I didn't even get to eat till 11 tonight, very bad really!
The garbage can reminded me I ate Mc D's last night !!!!
SocialMediaTip be happy all the time
RT : In a huge coup for the team, joins our ranks.
How much does it cost to adopt a highway?
My mom's birthday is coming up and she already has a dog.
I am learning a lot with this project.
A lot of German.
Every answer asks a more beautiful question.
e e cummings
i love you :
Marshall Chapman, Will Kimbrough, Mary Gauthier and Tania Elizabeth were incredible tonight at the Station Inn!!!
I cant sleep and why u still up u need to go to bed
If people never learn their lessons...they're really fin stupid.
And what a great status update it was!
RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY Thank YOU sweetie!
Just peeped my girl beat her brothas girls ass..
smokin a dutchie fulla loud...
Back to the regularly scheduled program
today hve to organize tennis for my kidz.finish some sewingbig week ahead
super bowl:
hi : how are you?
coffeebreak : BREAKING: Multiple car accident has shutdown NB traffic on the Golden Gate Bridge.
miss having around the way wifey, to much sluts tryna seduce me, i don't give it up that easy im a real man
how are you gonna hashtag superpass when we didn't even get to see any of this on superpass even though we pay for it
Getting ready for bed...then doctorving the busiest fire engine in the state starting at 7am.
The phrase One, two, buckle my shoe is super dated.
Obama tells ABC interviewer he supports gaymarriage, first president to take that position
Taco Legend record just got crushed  16 tacos in 14min 34sec!
But the last thing they wanted was an emotional casket base.
fina go get some fresh air with donnie;
I have a feeling the men will want more than just this shirt...
;
Hey , hurry up and get here!
PR Reunion sounds awesome!
Count me in!
I have been entrusted with 95 teenagers.
what kind of sweeteners did you taste?
WOW, you're not joking!
correction!!!!
You mean you just choked on soda :
Haha, love that.
What's that from?
: Only one fedora per crew, man.
Wanna see The Lucky One!!
Just finished shooting pictures at Lake Eola for the new DeWitt Law Firm Web Site that will be launched after the first of the year.
Bronson said she was prescribed Ambien by her SA doctor in 2007, but refilled twice at hotel in India, where prescription isn't needed.
I got tarzan songs stuck in my head..damn you phil collins magical sex voice
Anybody ever seen surfer dude?
Its our time, lets get it, begin it, lets not stop it, Its game time, we in it, we aint losing, we winning
happy birthday young nigga
'The 'S' in International Sustainable Library Development: Sustainability Issues.' Today in the Morial Conv.
Ctr, room 284.
Heading over to  's workshop amplifying your pr message with social and search
nah heats!
oh my bad..
Watching True Lies!!
Lunch in the firestonedistrict anyone?
Warhammer40k Feast of Blades Practice event goin' on!
Come down and see the CHAOS!
NOT YET!!!
Working OT on it!!!
Hope your pup recovers quickly!
This guy is weird af
Read through your Wellness Travel magazine.
Amazing design, great article formats, and the photography is just incredible.
My mom is making me mow.
What is this nonsense??
I hate the rain 
A large part of virtue consists in good habits.
Have one of your friends call and say its an emergency
GERMANY is closing all their NUCLEAR ENERGY PLANTS now...they're not wondering...they're just doing it.
Hm...
reengineer always!
Your twitter pic makes me happy
Video: doctorft prospects recall high school
Me too!
RT : Big decision today...how many lotto tickets will I be buying?
so glad you are enjoying the conference!
hey jon.
Cud u send a mssge via twitter telling year 11 to revise poems on moodle and that there is animal farm stuff
You ugly, you black fucka
now that would be a miracle...
Thanks!
I'll check it out.
Today might be the perfect day to make the change.
Happy weekend!
That's what I'm hollerin' haha
when someone asked niall curvy or skinny?
he said curvy , always curvy 
Not a series, but if you haven't read it, I highly recommend The Art of Racing in the Rain.
Done.
RT : No!
Game tracker is better quality.
No lie.
RT: : should I not spend 5.99?
Where did you initally meet the last person you collaborated with?
Everyone got new cars for christmas/new years...
i got new tires.
lol
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
hi!
I love your singing!
I think your such an awesome person!
I love you
RT : RT : I've got a new TV show Who Let The Dogs Out!
Check it out!
WOOF!!
wholetthedogsout.tv TillmanTV Woof!!
Finally into Switzerland, be ready for a big upload coming soon!
Major Halftime Letdown.
On midgame promised a twit from the stage midperformance and we got nothing.
Her world came crashing down...
spring cleaning my lists...If you are following me, I'll follow you back within the hour.
about to go run then chill for the night nd eat like a fat boy
On the party bus almost at stonebrewingco!
Brought the crew...20 of my closest friends!
Hittin the park
gosh i have work  that time !
:
RT : This morning in Texas, leaders hold an event to explain why TPP is bad for Texas  the US.
I guess you can't make everyone happy..
Good morning tweeps.
Hope everyone has a great Tuesday!
3
yes!!
Wayne calls for a whole Other Direction meeting!!!

Thanks.
Looks like you guys had your own ordeal.
I hope the arithmetic equations are now in your favor...
If you're lucky enough to find someone who makes you feel special, don't ever take them for granted.
hahahah i want it to be those days again!
thanks so much!
Join us Sundays  Victory Church Of God 222 East Monroe Ave.
Grants, NM 87020 10:30am  Look for our articles in the Faith Column of The 
What happened to Ashley Judd?
Still has the rockin' body, but it looks like her face exploded.
I've been out of work for so long that I've almost forgotten how to hate people
Be the change you want to see in the world.
Gandhi
This is the era of do it yourself learning.
The question is: how do we model that for students?
Im online, Justins sleeping.
Justin online, Im sleeping.
I go to bed late, Justin doesn't tweet.
I go to bed early, Justin tweets  My Life.
11 minutes left.
I gave you all many chances and a big final one tonight.
No more.
I see exactly how it was and how it is gonna be...
My new favorite past time while doctorving is naming fellow doctorvers...
Today I met nancy.
Nancy is unable to find the gas peddle.
Poor lady.
If you have a headache, take an asprin, if you have a pain in the ass, break up with them
Happy New Year to Everyone From Peas In A Blanket!!!
3
Why am I seeing all this shit talking on my TL.
Kentucky won the game, Louisville lost.
Deal with it.
Hey Ya by Outkast is playing on the radio...
A common theme among companies  HCM2012: 30 of leaders eligible 2 retire w/in 5 yrs.
Got 2 captainre/transfer that knowledge now!
NO i cant hear you nor see you.......chocolate cake in 5 minutes.......
i miss my sisters.
Clearly, a good eye.
RT if you watching the cavs game
Sounds like the name of a great Blues band: Mississippi Blind Man Donald and the Tub Cats
USGS: 4.1 magnitude earthquake has struck about 16 miles north of Fontana, CA.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something, but to be someone.
Coco Chanel
Awe!
The class folks set up my weights for me in Group Power
Always wondered what it'd be like to bang a cougar or a Mexican.
Guess I'll get to fulfill both those fantasies at once.
Mumbai Bistro opens July 21st...Next week, Wednesday.
930 Locust St., Philadelphia, PA 19107.
And thank you so, so much for posting this.
I'll be using it in class today.
next Monday
I will most certainly be next week!
Can't wait to see you all, come by and give me a hug!
Hope you can visit sometime soon!
RT : I often doctoram about moving back to DC just to see you on a regular basis...
I'm gonna be Nicki Minaj for Halloween, what about you?
HAPPY MEXICAN ST.
PATRICK'S DAY!
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Jazz The Bar  Other  Airport
I've never seen avatar, any of the matrix series, any of the lord of the rings or across the universe.
Judge me.
All teachers get happy hour all night.
Join the fun with a great Long Beach Alums at 6:30pm and wine tasting all day.
Enjoy.
Happy final day of SMWLA!
Thanks for the kind words!
Many titles remain to be entered.
Some are in Gribben's MARK TWAIN'S LIBRARY, some not.
you're are never safe and sound until all the doors are closed
Go pack go!!!
i got the best sleep last night
LiesGirlsTellForAttention no makeup, all natural
closes eyes, leans head back against tree, looks up at sky i miss ....
Thanks Kendoctor.
Have a great weekend.
there will definitely be arm sleeves at the expo.
Hubs and I got some there last year if you can wait that long.
My cats like having a seizure or something.
Hi there!!
Old guys with mustaches are the best old guys.
I think it would benefit CT if TBS starting airing repeats with episode 7 and pretend the first 6 don't exist.
Watching talk about NoSQL databases at
When customer service is a cop out, it's not customer service.
Someone needs to be accountable for solutions
It's going to be a wed night with our lil Jon there on the dj!
Only
Yusef from APAC re: Mike He's a man of the people, and certainly not in the pockets of special interests.
seamayor Seattle bm
Maybe you'd be less stressed if you didn't shout all the time?
no, parents are putting one in the backyard of the house in Locust Creek
to what 
Off to Nats game after all, toting both sunscreen and umbrella
:D thank you kindly
Whatever works!
:
Burundi has a 0.5 unemployment rate...
Many countries have historical unemployment rates below 4.
Denmark was at 3.5.
The Guto likes his women thickShe aint a lady unless shes at least 680.
Blech.
Too doctored up and chewy.
Now, some auntiepesto would be good.
I'm sorry for being a bad client.
Anybody wanna FaceTime?
I love it.
doesn't even card me anymore.
They're like, oh, it's you again.
Okay, fine.
Coney island to submit my roommate to a freakshow and eat Kobayashi's leftovers
Charlie Brown riding his bike hella stoned.
Heading to Vegas.
Would rather be playing legos and kitchen with the kids.
wuuuduppp trying to met all my followers wats ur name : 
Teague needs to get his shit together going forward.
Power nap before work with Gia :
Schools tomorrow....fuckin a
Picking up some jewels to showcase on the KEYE news segment today!!
Just alittle busy at home!
Plenty to work on.
I just want to thank all my Twitter followers!
Enjoy your evening!
Dancing's not work.
You can't call it work.
A day I don't dance is a day I don't live.
Serpent of the Nile
Omg Omg Omg.
Smh at my parents thinking being bi/gay is an option...
Do you have any fun plans for this weekend?
Please share.
Happy Mother's Day, enjoy and relax!
yes, I'm NYC time, we usually chat as early as possible,He travels about an hour to Skype, needs to take bus home before dark
I am now a follower.
:
Good question if marketers should pay attention scores
Time to eat something !
My favorite part of the day!!
fun filled weekend at the Circus in the Park and the Ravenswood Community Services Fundoctoriser!
Going to bed as visions of ostriches dance in my head.;
Thanks Molly.
Does C21 have a corporate group?
What a night
Headed home to Philadelphia from for ntcamp tomorrow and HS reunion tomorrow night!
right there with you !
we will get there eventually !!
haha
no one did a bracket this year
Loving my new apartment and I'm even closer to pcola beach u know where I'll be all summer :
Lil kids act grown today RT
Damn..
What to do tomorrow?
Free movie with , then a delicious dinner in a lovely locale with my very funny, friends who shall remain nameless.
Life is good!
srsly, there's some dude just wailing away in there.
everyone around me keeps exchanging amused smiles.
I think bc of how much we are loving on.
One is professorssional  the other personal.
There is not enough foie gras in Houston generally.
Back to trying to fall asleep ...
I really hope this lady at the pump next to me isn't dead.
David Thomas and his cute family just walked in Dantes kitchen
Jack White's Blunderbuss, on the other hand, is not making a good first impression.
His weakest album yet?
Insert random daily aphorism here
yea I know I've been trying to stay away from twitter and Facebook
being more than human.
Are you ready for the pressure?
Are you ready for that task?
If yes then that's great if no then thats great too.
Childoctorn begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them.
Oscar Wilde, 1891
How come I don't see v5.3 on the blog?
Gay RT : Relationships are like inventions there are always problems before it is finally perfect
Yeah I think more then an hour would kill us, either because we give so much to our show or we're old  frail.
Not sure which ;
Why he did that I do not know.
And I do not know why these texts he sent did not show in my statement?
One that says Grandma that you write Surprise!
in.
Windows: is it really necessary to remind me that my NT password expires in 90 days?
REALLY?
its embarrassing how into Lana Del Rey I am.
Plus it introduced legions of youth to 'salsa' music
I'm out of a phone for lil bit Til I find out my bill is 700 I'll be damn if I pay that shit
As Southby begins, I'm here with herbal tea, acupuncture, web design, and book stuff.
You know...
adjacent to the arts revival.
This is gonna be a great week.
Anyone in Twitter land exp at adapting existing materials to create a 3 credit hr, college level course?
Meeting today for with our top vendor...all new men's arrivals today!!!
Cant wait to see all of them...
happy day of mom this great ; i love u mom
that sounds so far away lol
YEAH, U R FAB!
I'm lyke totes jelly.
Sneads has never had much luck against Bozeman.
' My biitch done walked the stage , congratulations yu done did the damn thang!!!
Danny Woodhead dark horse player of game
I knew would like that list.
If only he had tweeted my handle correctly.
Thanks !
Hope you like the blog.
We're having a blast tasting beers and reviewing them in our own unique way.
Real men don't date the most beautiful girl in the world.
They date the girl who makes their world the most beautiful 
thanks girly glad you like!
yes can't wait
RT : I know only two tunes.
One them is Yankee Doodle and the other isn't.U.Grant
Oh, Marion!
I'm taking your cute neighbor to a concert in Boulder tonight.
Meeting at The Sink, too.
How you been?
I'm considering unfollowing you.
Please tell me you're being sarcastic.
We're at the Shamisterck Shuffle Health and Fitness Expo today at Navy Pier...come say Hi
you'll LOVE us!
3 All you have to do is DM us!
I have the terrible song Sing by the Carpenters in my head.
May not sleep tonight.
Beautiful music playin so I'm never left alone
Don't miss DJ Kidd, Joey G, and guest bartender Ryan Healy tonight at Sutra Lounge for Sindustry Wednesdays!
Don't forget to check out the products and technology by Xylem: Hall A1, Booth 317/418, Hall A5, Booth 135/234, Hall A6, Booth 445/544
Hey, best wishes on your premiere!
Congrats!
I'm going to prom in Converse.
That's how cool I am.
You can guest blog on Cleveland 52, any time, just ask.
Does it look like I have any standards?
I can hardly spell.
Lady Gaga is so weird!!!...hahaha
no problem ;
Both in a two day span!
What a shitty day
Promoting shows is easily one of the more frustrating aspects of my job for that very reason.
Tots on The Go gets noticed by Frommers!
Check it out!
http:www.frommers.com/articles/7376.html
hey people!
Please follow !!
Please and thank you!!
thanks :b lol  I went to his first concert  met him ,  then I've gone to subway with him like twice :b
thanks for the followfriday mention!
The week went by too quickly.
Enjoy the weekend!
She's Got the Look!
RT 80 degree Thurs.
striped doctorss.
Iced coconut coffee from 
Here in Hollywood you can actually get a marriage license printed on an EtchASketch.
Dennis Miller
Workin and enjoying being done with school for a few months.
Adjusting to not being busy 24/7.how about you?
What's new missy?
Thank you so much for stopping by this morning!
Downloaded my app today......so happy 
I want to wear ski goggles and have champagne poured all over my head!
Go Giants!!
when it comes to , you dont know what you have until it's gone....
gonna miss ol' 56, even more than ol' 4
Never thought I'd say this but sometimes it really is better to just lie than to tell the truth.
The Blenderz will be rocking Fatso's Pizza tonight and tomorrow night.
See ya there!
We're excited to be producing The Great Gatsby, and we can't wait for you to see it!
Black People LOVE Diamond Turfs ;D 
Reading 'Heart of Darkness' before our trek into the Malaysian jungle...
don't shoot the messenger.
Make sure you're there for their set it will definitely change your mind.
I don't fuck with to many I hold it dwn by my self .....
The music world has lost a pioneer, Jim Marshall, creator of The Marshall Amp.
RIP while our guitars gently weep
Kat Williams is funny
Love is only blind for those who are not looking in the desired direction.
Ustream/shadowforcemobemnts RT : what's the website to see it live
This house is full of doctorma
unnecessary stressin.
gotta vent with the sister bear.
is the most ancient story in western history.
The seed to so many.
You're bound to be doctorwn :p
doggy bag for manana...
i just heard BOYFRIEND wow thats a new side of that i LOVE wow umm REPLAY !!!
I will be at the Brokerage Comedy Club tomorrow night killing it on stage while celebrating my birthday !
Who's coming ?
Ain't no thang a shot of patron can't fix...
Hello, brother.
Better late to the party, than home all night alone.
Please follow and retweet.
They will follow you back!
Thanks!
We'll add that to the list!
Guy knows how to win.
If Buffalo is 35 don't be shocked if VY is called on.
Chan spoke highly of him.
Watching Ellen...
I love her!
She just makes me smile :
Uh Why do you have a casserole dish?!
Now, OUR friendship is obviously fucked.
I thought I knew you.
.
.
sigh.
Word is: The BigEast will rename itself to Conference WTF!
you already know much love
Cant wait to be on the beach for spring break
Is Clint Eastwood running for president?
Me and arthur baker down by the school yard.
Dudes killing it so hard.
Let's go!
I still believe in real lyrics.
Anyone going up to LA tonight?
NEW SHOW 2: Death Cab For Cutie w/ Telekinesis at Mud Island on Wednesday, October 5!
Yes, two shows on October 5.
Take your pick!
The hulk and iron man are hilarious
i guess.?
Yeah i want an interview for anything.
I need a job just not a dirty job.
: time to get with the times homie!
You watch it there buddy!!
I'm burnin purple flowers
I'm tired of always texting him first ...but I really want to talk to him...
The perfect title for my current map: Iceland: Unpronounceable Beauty
Thanks for following me!
Tune in to The Savvy Money Show airing weekly on iTunes  www.blogtalkradio.com.
I don't know whether to be excited or angry that it's supposed to snow tonight.
I wore a tshirt yesterday...
well done today on the internshow
I am single for life.
I know it's 'gon be hot.
doctorp it!
Nice!
Can't wait to see it!
watching Kenan  Kel...i use to LOVE this show back in the day  I thought Kel was fine lolol
Funnier to see become obese: Mick Jagger or Michelle Obama?
I'm offended by the sight of your boobs!
said no sane individual ever.
iknowww !
I'm on heads !
I need my shit.
Like ok if I earned it.
But my dyin daddy gave me tht shit.
My Mother is a travel agent for guilt trips.
u probably want a beer
Safe travels!
:
there's espresso grounds in my americano.
times like this i want to go back to starbucks  take back my tip.
Now your just somebody that I use to know.
How is this day almost over already??
Just tried out the Sonicare my awesome new dentist gave me.
Tee hee!
It TICKLES my gums!
is the only ho for me, she is better then all the other ho's, she is my ho fo sho!
Nothing like an awesome work out and then stuffing my face with chicken Alfredo
are elegantly inlaid in the Unique Titanium Rings
I wish!
But, unfortunately, that's not an option for us on either side.
:
I never knew love could hurt this fucking bad...worst pain that I've ever had...
We hope everyone had a great thanksgiving......want to meet someone this year for free.....we have your answer......www.supertova.com
Excellent.
Thanks!
Nothin quite like after bar in the bar.
Great Hang last night in Reho with , the Rabbit and Alicia!
Stingray Rules!
that is analysis that should win an Emmy.
Would love to taste her Rigatoni.
I dont chase after anyone anymore.
If you wanna walk out my life Ill hold the fucking door open for you
you know this .
Its time to make my page rated PG for all the undeveloped brains on my friends smh ha!
Twitter: desensitizing the masses circa 2008
O what fun it is to ride....
nowplaying sleeping sickness by city and colour ..
Feels like forever good stuff!
is watching the watcher.
In addition to the Monkey On A Stick, there is the Bust It Open dance which I totally never learned.
Here it goes...
nothing
God is good.
He reveals things to us in ways we wouldn't imagine.
It makes me laugh sometimes, but i thank Him...
I need more followers FF me plz xD I'll return favor
Ive officially givien up on the puzzle for the night...
My bed just calls to me...
Goodnight everyone!
I'm sure they had someone following him, making sure he didn't do anything dumb.
Don't forget Mother's Day is Sunday.
Still time to get flowers and a card!
Have a good weekend everyone, particularly you moms out there.
I've already told my BF that if we're ever on a game show and he's asked for my favorite movie, he must answer Quiz Show.
We're not friends anymore.
I'd appreciate it if you would stop talking about me and my relationship.
GO JEREMY!!!
XD
I wasn't note taker, assume the Berker team will and them
thank you for the add!
Please keep checking up on our site art is soon to be posted from portlands young artists!
success !
Thanks very much.

thanks lets try to meet up at some point.
I cut my hair last night, now I really look like a mom.
: I'm sure my mom will be proud.
Cut your hair, wear a slip, polish shoes....
HEALTHConfused about healthcare?????
FREE Healthcare Plan Review and more!
www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com.
couldn't agree more.
Why now?
In the midst of a division race.
Odd...
first krod then prince, wonder who is next?
McGehee?
I've begun the War on Andy.
The consequences will be catastrophic!
RT Creative Trailer Relocation w/Ric from for show Thurs night w  ROCK!
yeah he's tacky as hell.
Glad I'm not the only 1 who caught what the trainer said...WTH?!
Left me scratching my head for a sec
I took that class!
yet another reason I won't read past first paragraph.
Let's go Rory, no Masters repeat!
happy birthday bleak!
Can save up to 20 discounted organic foods!
Sign up now limited time offer!
www.mybeyondorganicliving.com
When making eggs, I never set out to make them scrambled; but that's how they always turn out.
If I have to be up in an hour and a half...too late for sleeping pill?
Aw thank you so much!
: 3
help trend TylersPartsOfTheBody!!!!!!
There's a halffinished building across the street, and I very much want to chase Kelly through it and have a Cool As Icestyle montage.
Oh no.
I just thought of it.
I still stand by hiding in cabinets in case of dinosaurs
We will see.
do you know who's winning the Show Us Your Q contest?
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
No Home, No Bed, Nowhere to Hang my Head m/
Please leave me out of this.
This can't possibly go anywhere good for me.
;
Justin, thanks for coming out brother.
We're glad you enjoyed it!
RT : RT There is no failure except in no longer trying.
Elbert Hubbard
Just tapped Abita Turbo Dog English Brown Ale.
Feel That Happy Feeling....
I will be heading the Fulton Market Walk in May.
I'd love to connect with you.
Headed to Denver for ASTD ICE?
OpenSesame's will be there and would love to meet up  talk elearning!
Putting the K in Weeks since April 2012.
Ugh.
I love u baby and can't wait for our day of fun tomorrow luv ya
black girls are so much more fun to talk to.
I'm just saying...I cant find those shoes in my size....Not that I would want to wear them in the first place!
So my bosses Bill Sigmar and Tom Oakes go to get our Hummer H3 and come back with an H2...UPGRADE!
Happy birthday Julia!
With respect to , that was a terrible call in Syracuse's favor.
we all got angels, we all got demons.
Cartoons are interesting
dating me dosnt make you a man whore.
Going from girl to girl makes you a man whore.
e of lighting issues too.
Might need new one soon
I watched Miranda July's The Future last night.
It was like Portlandia, but in LA, and where the jokes make you cry instead of laugh.
And the 2012 HardoctorckRising winner is 3DudesChillin Congrats to them and thank U to all our 2012 band participants ROCK ON
No worries, just convinced Tooele High student body officers to tweet with
r u coming to miami if u do please post it or reply me please i beg i luv u so much jb 3
Going for midnight rats.
Got to keep up your strength when working on a project.
And I started a poem, wherein the tree says to extract from the root pulls up too much dirt, and the tooth says it brings too much pain.
Omg the ride stopped half way through.
Wonder how long we'll be stuck on it hahaha my butt hurts
The wood is the movie right now
Forgot what a great running buddy is!
Do you remember your primary school music recitals?
...kids in school now may not get to make those memories...Save the Music in Schools
Clouds building, air smells moist, snow in forecast SunTues, we can only hope
SUP WITH THA KID?
We're psyched to have cleared the first round of judging
: Are you thinking about this past weekend?
:
apparently i got 'owned.' no i didn't.
i'm pretty sure I'M the one that owned that bitch for ditching her fam.
What do Kaisers do when it snows in the city?
Play, ski and blog, apparently.
3 new post in 1 week?!?
Yup.
kaisertales.com cc
Just saw all the high tech stuff Nike did to make the new NFL jerseys.
They spent way too much time making a shirt.
SPOTTED: Clay Matthews and Aaron Rodgers at Hilton Bayfront in San Diego.
Clay is smokin!
But go Chargers!
i'm so honored 3
pizza Bianco has a legendary pizza maker!
Had a good time with him.
Sleep is what I need now .
12 more years of school
Phil  anything possible in Magic City  but this one is for the books!
Realized in meditation it isn't about eliminating outside noise, it's about shifting focus so that that noise remains only in periphery.
Klein and i am closing down walker fitness center
And I just added it to your grade.
Ha!
No problem.
I'm sure it will be a marathon afternoon/night for us when it gets here.
good luck!
You got that right :
that's hilar
and son are still in pyjamas.
This is the thing I love best about homeschooling.
Lounging around playing games all day because we can.
already the 5th may over here in germany!!
HAPPY BIRTDAY!!
wish you the very best : !
Sure as hell hope this is rock bottom for the
Thanks!
Super tiny...such a trip.
So cute.
RT : congrats!
He's tiny!
you can buy cans of manwich on ebay
is bringing it.
Feb 25 TPA students Register Now leadtampabay.com Change your community!
Greg Gibson called that a foul tip because of what he heard.
The bat made contact on the follow through.
Can't Help Falling In Love  Elvis  lol
Congrats just celebrated 16yrs first week in Nov.
RT : Happy 5 year anniversary to my LBs  me!
Damn can't believe it's been 5
psssssst who won them awards?
We just wanna blow so our exgirls can mis us ...!
To any followers who might be interested, this spring I will be tweeting from for my Social Media Strategy class at NYU!
Charter really needs to get it together.
This is getting ridiculous.
Wow its a lil cold in NYC
Waking up starving again  what are you eating for breakfast?
Theft is fitted to, and fatted in the theevish heart with obvious booties.
Pride is fed with the officious compliments of observant Groomes.
Power Plate helps stimulate circulation, oxygenating blood and helping remove toxins.
This can help to reduce the appearance of cellulite.
Hi from Joey, wanted to invite you to the birthday bash on Jan 16th Send me a message to get info.
thanks
followed.
follow back?
:
Now that jermaine won, is next.
:

But difference is Israeli action limited to inadmissibles.
US nofly list includes people with legal right to enter US.
Preparing Google documents in regard to a JW I've been having talks with over the last year.
Getting down to the nitty gritty.
Thanks Rachel, we had tons of fun!
to me you are not worth a shit
what are the riots going to be like on Vancouver tonight?
Stay classy Arizona fans....
Dallas, Micah and Paula were great, now excited to head home and get to work!
to promote your own agenda.

awesome name!!!
thank you so much!!
:
the new David Edelstein over here
Here we go again.
I wish I were a teen in the late 60's and 70's.
what does that even mean?
Guess who's going to the Luke Bryan and Jason Aldean concert in August ?
In one ear and right out the other...
haha very funny lol and i have a craving for bean  cheese burritos RT me too: I want three tacos and a chicken quesadilla
Just us this time, I think.
I made it to 1448!
1k1hr  I don't know about you but I had to rip the words out today :/
U.S.Department of Defense 2009 demographics report:More than 1.7 mil childoctorn w/parent in the Armed Forces.355,000 of them are 0 to 3y/olds
Just got the final mixes for the new album for Really proud to be a part of this project and can't wait to share it.
Very soon!
Thanksgiving and Turkey!
Why Turkey?
Am having Fish!!
I can't wait until we're rappers  Maxwell Riesberg
When have you felt the most safe in Gods hands?
When is it?
I do, and that's a reason for choosing Much Ado About Nothing, even the title says escapism.
We'll see if others agree.
Add Action to that and you have a winning combination.
glad u liked, we hate mixtape spam also
On Twitter, You can't see how much More comfortable it is!
But believe me!
IT IS!
Lol
I need more followers u follow me I will follow uu
They're just training you to use the Mac App Store to buy apps.
GoodNight EveryOne :P z
Adventures with Arissa after Saturday school: yea
OMG ON Q100!!
How about you?
:
rookie of the year the over all rating 89
I hate dumbass people I really do.
All I know is this bitch better run me and my mom our fuckin money asap or there will be problems.
Hit us up for features!
I miss you everyday idk about
Just a couple of honks to remind us where you are calling in from.
I thought it was charming!
you did a great job!
maybe I could cook for you sometime :
o yeh I liked that too
Happy Birthday!
Oh, Torrance, I can't stand your cheerleading squad,but i love your pom poms,I'd feed you bonbons all night.
What a day to be alive.
What a day to realize I'm not dead.
im going to watch videos of my boyfriend, austin mahone on yt..
;
Where is the best city in the world to listen to good music?
Happy 4th of July all!
hii my friend I think
1 out of 4 childoctorn has an undetected vision problem that may impede learning!
make sure your child gets their annual eye exam!
work sucks
Happy Thanksgiving!
Bad sex is not the same as disappointing sex on
Harden got the choppa in the beard tho
Do allboys schools have girls bathrooms?
Had a doctoram that bombs were going off while I was working at the EYC...
Everything was blown to smithereens.
Everything BUT the EYC.
..
That's what happened in my school too!
Had a good dinner with Jessie's mom and talking about Ecclesia2012 Oklahoma!
I am expecting something powerful!
Get ready!
Nights like this I want to doctorve awaay!
Just woke up, had some very weird doctorams.
5 minutes left!
Hi Lance, we love your site have stories about lawyers trying to save money!!
Well Dontari Poe get ready to get your ass kicked by Peyton Manning!
Welcome to the NFL kid!
yikes.
Hope you get outta there soon and all the way healthy ASAP
Whos Ross Morgan????
I've always suspected it, but thanks to that WaPo story, it's official.
Mitt Romney really IS Niedermeyer from Animal House.
Uh, Toros...hello???
The super fun music being pumped in by  all you've been wanting to hear.
All night long.
So great to see everyone tonight!
I think a holiday gettogether is definitely due!
I'm just kidding :
You read my mind!
Boycott GoDaddy  only Internet company that doesn't get the perils of SOPA.
I haven't noticed any graffiti...
Where did you see it?
Saw the casting specs for ur new vid.
Congrats!
Too bad I'm not exactly the Puerto Rican stud that you seek.
Maybe next time ;
thanks for the shoutout!!!
Hope to see you all there
you looked so pretty today!
Should say is just for the girls ATM, menfolk neglected unless you are into wearing kitten heels and have a birkin fetish!
I'm so tired!
I'm one of the working for Detroit City Love!
Thank you!!
:0
thanks for sharing!
lovin' it already!!
WordPress Tools Comment Twitter SMS Notification  Notifies you of new comments via SMS through Twitter.
Tel Aviv is full of Ficus and Lantana, Date Palms and Bird of Paradise.
Pictures coming soon!
Lavoy Allen vs Greg Stiemsma...NBA...fantastic
To my mother, you are the best, you are my hero, you are my strength...I love you so much.
Happy mothers day
i wanna see EVERYBODY
This, so much.
RT ugly, grimy, scrappy, and anyone's game  which means it is OUR game
Knicks for Christmas.
thanks Santa for bringing the NBA back.
Clearly I was on the nicelist this year
so i just realized that half of my bras are a complete letter size too small.
Hey!!
I am just reactivating this account!!!
Promise to keep posting more often!!!
AGREED!
Great tour.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
yup yup!
Hahaha it was awesome!
:P
Sad now :
What are you doing on Thanksgiving day?
Wondering what smells worse...
Cigarette smoke, or the cheep perfume I spray
Didn't realize that they were making The Perks of Being a Wallflower into a movie.
Not certain how I feel about that...
That proud moment when you show someone a picture of Austin or Justin and say That's my idol , then tell them all their achievements 3
I'm coming up on 10,000 tweets  I know I'm about to miss it.
I'm dedicating it to the cookies from Penn Station in advance.
s/o to those.
Rose Bowl bound for the Badgers!!
Woohoo
How old would you be if you didnt know how old you are?
And now, the Denver Teboys Choir with their rendition of Silent Night
The money that I'm makin I don't see it like I'm blind...
The 1 cause for antibiotic prescriptions in the US is ear infections.
why!?!
You're amazing!!!!!
Never give up!!!
your funny
GOOD AFTERNOON all of
It was a stone solid groove We should do it more often.
Enjoy J and 's baby opossum stew!
Dont miss team moto tonight at 9pm on top chef!
Lets go , and the team!
Crap.
Scottish night in our hotel.
All black maybachs out
i just picked up a pair of prescription sunglasses and got a pair that turn dark outside.
I love running into !
It always makesmyday better.
Wow, what an AMAZING night.
So many great volunteers, so much positive energy, and so many new hot pink shirts.
FestiBus 2011 for the win!
Math will be the death of me.
I hate to advocate doctorgs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they always worked for me.
The 5 Point
Good!
I'll look for you!
Listening to my songs is like reading my diary.
Taylor Swift  Taylor Is Our Song
haha just part of you?
I'll take it.
may see a bit of that tonight
i can't wait to sleep tonight 
yeah...what a joke!
He's to lazy to be able to stay up with some of those guys!
Wow I can't believe I didn't post something on here this morning :O
Ok.
Now, which were the three WORST Super Bowl ads?
Have you decided yet?
Are you going to make her call you Mommy Dearest
RT : Not crazy.
Theaterstyle lighting for Lakers RT Am I crazy or is the Staples Center lighting different for Lakers/Clips?
Last volleyball game tomorrow .
We better go undefeated !
Let's go GHB !
Only going to make it to 6000 today, but they were all on the novel.
About the same amount I put into it yesterday.
bubble guts!!!
If I never see a desert again, it'll be too soon.
I appreciate stations that provide silverware  cooking areas for staff
Water in an aquaponics system can be reused indefinitely  only needs to be replaced when it is lost through transpiration  evaporation.
Very yum!
Reseaching the market of research today...
So I did Turbo Fire HIIT 15 yesterday...and it was kind almost easy...
So, either I dogged it or my...
What the heak is a platonic question??
Left MySpace for Facebook, and now left Facebook for Twitter :  3
Just finished my first Found Painting/Found Sound/video collaboration project with Plex, and wow, it's amazing!!
:D
Headed to McAllen !!
See u in a few hours!!
See Our Great Reviews!!!!
your hallucinogenic icon inspires me
Tweet that tweetybird
I am now carrying on the great SportingKCRT legacy began by I will be retweeting all things
I'd still be up for a call if you guys want to jump on later.
thanks for the rec.
I'm dying to go to BsAs!
Just trying to decide if we want to pony up the money for the flight.
Maybe this isn't the best time to bring this up, but my idea of hell is being stuck in a room where Brass Monkey is being played on repeat
Did you know there's a Cash Cab Chicago now?
What do you think of the host?
I think she tries too hard to be Ben Bailey.
Kerri
Scary to venture out sometimes when the weather's like this...
but we have all kinds of warmup foods that will make the journey...
great question!
The spring Job and Internship Fair will take place March 28 from 14pm in Bender Arena
FF Right back at ya, Let's catch up soon.
thanks for the share
Still got a bottle of Makers w/your name on it!
Thank U So Much 4 Being Our Commander N Chief and Helping So many Millions of People.
Always holdin U n Prayer!
Congrats2UUrs
did u get it
Only 1 electric car charge station in half moon bay!
Thx Ritz carleton but can't afford ur breakfast : Want something on Main street
Just read 'em!
Nice!
You have to out and see if she says anything..
I use your recommendations in your book all the time and win with hard to deal customer service agents.
Some heavier bands of snow may doctorp down  give those areas 35 inches of snow by morning reducing visibility  making roads slick.
wasn't talking to you, quit smoking so much and you wont be so paranoid
Thank you!
I wonder how many times someone was about to talk to me but decided against it because they felt awkward...I do it all the time.
same!
Warped was when I fisrt saw them!
It was childhood doctorams come true!
I wanted to go to Canada when they were with ATL
im gonna be cocky for a moment.
i have one of the best twitter names.
fux wit me
what's darker 5 or 20
got dirt on local pdx celebs you want investigated or exposed?
i'm your chick!
email me
Is under utilizing LinkedIn.
In some cases I feel like I am not working hard enough when I am socializing online.
Sorry, but this is an att
Christopher in trouble
What TF is really goin on here...
The
slowly realizing I read way too many blogs.
It's a sickness
Come on BBN I need some happy birthday tweets
just need some cooling off in my tent.
Like 90 degrees up in here in the afternoon.
Can't sleep in that...
listening to Trivium for the first time since I saw them back in march.
they're really fucking good.
you basically go to bed hoping it won't happen, then it happens and you pray someone will hear you scream and wake you up so you can breathe
Having the pleasure of watching Jonny Lang sing a brand new song I Don't Want To Know The Truth!
Gorgeous!
Respect  value other human beings.
Many people that I know, get a sickening feeling when we hear people speak of 'miracles'.
holy smoking cattle it sho is hot out there in the pasture!
now come cool you hoofs at the cow!
Giddy Up!
HI LADY!!!
Rt : Me: Dawg I gotta show you the slightwork progress!
pulls out recent photo of abs Big Sis: That's day one?
damn
hate being aloneTemporary though
Twitter turns 6 today  I joined on March 6, 2008 when did you join?
Organizing admittance into some gifting suites for Oscar Week.
Thankfully, they know  love her!
Go BlackSwan!
thanks for the Beach House listening idea on spotify.
Good stuff for a monday morning.
Rachel is in Chicago and nobody told me!
Rachel, I'd love to buy you a beer while you're here.
hey Im an artist livin in la for the last 10 years...I gotta say I like your honesty and carefree personality!
for sure brother!!
I love those immature moments, where all you do is laugh and be stupid...
umm and who in world are u calling girl u ain't my mother retard
OMG we lost another legend, a disco legend, Donna Summer : wtf
it's great to see you on Twitter!
:
how much for a feature??
I'm in vegas so I'll pay u upfront
RT On this date, Meet the Press moderator and ultimate Buffalo Ambassador, Tim Russert was born.
Spring Break Needs To Hurry Up...
Ha take them back, i never sold them so ill throw them n the mail..
Movies aren't lying...visitor chairs at the hospital suck!
Tomorrow I'm bringing a portable stadium seat.
I'm all panicky hoping for 49ers so I don't deal with stages of grief from
Emmys are on tonight :
Really enjoyed last night's meetup.
Great people and great conversation.
Looking forward to the next event.
is it just me or is this kinda awwkk?
Now that I'm a year older, I've decided I no longer need validation and affirmation as a person.
Who's with me?
A sense of humor makes a girl beautiful.
i mean is there an invite/event website/press release?
all i have is kate's email
What a great blog...really liked your How Not to Get Promoted  blog.
Sounds like you are a wonderful success!
I LOVE Siwon Oppa!
I claimed him a few days ago.
kekeee
where do you listen to it ?
: cant find it : .
I was ready for American Idol and all I got was President Obama.
Why not take the place of some other show?
Ahaha!
Shut up, Mike!
But yes, by halftime we started to do a number of activities.
cool picture on ur page there.....u goin to the concert?
Handicapping tips coming up from our !
hang tough..
one day there will be no more school.
:
ok.
why do you love me?
how do you know me from?
Great Methods For Choosing The Right Website Design Computer ...
Paul The Truth Pierce has one of the best step back jumpers in the game.
RT : Dear Las Vegas LVIMA members...the Board is meeting now : LOTS being discussed for the greater good of the organization!
Wow!
You are really pretty You have an amazing voice!
Just found out that supposedly the song Wow, I can get sexual too was written about a girl in Dujarie.
nun kid hangin' n bangin' sup witchu?
how u been sonzio....
lets kick it soon, u no.
like the old days
I love it mostly because I first saw it on SYTYCD.
LOVE THIS!
I watched DJs posed this last week.
Such a blessing to my spirit.
Peace family
Did you know that by 2017, there will be more people 65 and older than there will be kids younger than age five.
Let Doris talk more!
what it do plair?
Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land.
If you want a DM to Austin Mahone, Alex Constancio  Justin Bieber, then follow  tweet me 'DM' when you did!
LOL.
And so it begins ....
Tarot Nova deck, huh?
Will check it out.
Thanks JP!
RT So far I've been attracted by diaspora, hypothes.is and terry kath.
I fully expect hypothes.is to be funded
Early Birds for The EC4  we know there will be several landing ahead of the 5:30pm start because of Spring Fever will get a special treat
What?
I don't even have a personal account that tweets.
This is just to troll and follow to keep up on news.
just released new version  supports Firefox 3 and IE 7 or lower!
The internet seems to be passing this cloud company by.
I kinda wish I was going to doctorke now.
Was that a compliment despite the fact I just hacked your account?
Nicest guy ever?!?!
Watching the Luck of The Irish!!
Season 7 airs tonight!
1st game and can't wait!
No ABQ hats yet so we'll be the only couple there with TB Rays hats on; Come say hello!
i voted at least 30 times!
i should get a follow back :
too bad it's not in LA!
Watching the end of the Brewers game at Potawatomi.
Crappy, the game is now tied.
That one doctorves me crazy too!
Im so glad I dont share a room cause right now Im just rockin the fuck out to Reptilia at 4 in the morning.
Who needs sleep?
:
But maybe he will..
Thanks for following
There really should be a Chinchile day
If you act like a rock star, no one can tell the difference :
So that was an interesting experience.
You go, then I'll go
Genre TV's ode to teen alcoholism
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.

today's workshop, Lauren highlighted recent Syracuse grantees  warof1812 www.nyhumanities.org/grants
Hello to you!
come penes .l.
LOVE YOU
love the avi
I pay bills, therefore I exist
There's something about FONUTS that makes me wanna be a fat kid!!!
This shit is incredible!!!
Today in 2003, Martha Reeves performs Heat Wave with fellow inductee Bruce Springsteen at Detroit's Comercia Park.
The Defenseless Defenders
Praying Jeremiah don't kill me on the way to this delivery.
Bitch doctorve crazyah than I do!!!
your website isnt working/
Im across from for our company indecency training.
Seems ironic...
RT : FF RT : Girls who say I hate doctorma can usually be found doctornk and crying on a public toilet.
Shabbat Shalom, Amy.....Rest in peace, tortured, beautiful soul...
Great!
Is there somewhere I can doctorp them off for you Friday or should I send them home w Jacob or Karah?
Excited to see you!
That's my biggest problem, that school has been almost completely divorced from learning.
Now it's just certification
Solo date  an embarrassment of riches.
Loved Steiglitz's photo collection and new American Wing.
love the pic!
oh, hey there, twitter.
it's been a while.
good morning to u too, do have a good ond....
Your talking about your X?
Sandy Cross plays at the Palm Beach par 3 which is a short 2700 yard course
nope everyone is laime!!!!
I know where Belgium is I'm a history teacher lol
fabulous.
I will see you all in a few hours
See me as music and the things I say I only talk the truth
nope, but I don't like suspecting everything
if he cared about lgbt rights we would have them.
Wake up.
Obama only uses lgbt rights as a tool when needed.
and as midnight strikes, again i find myself just STARTING my work lol
Stupid ass !
Acting class tonight
Happiest of Holidays to everyone!
Hope you had a wonderful day!
I get to see my husband tomorrow.
Just posted a big Minerva update!
Final ticket prices, free ticket contest, and stage lineups w/ set times.
www.minervamusicfest.com
Every once in a while, Glen Campbell's Wichita Lineman comes out of left field and sweeps your legs completely out from underneath you.
If you want a google  invite please leave your email
i wish more guys were like that, the world would be a much better place.
follow back?
16 Championships?
Is this counting YMCA league as well?
EL VIDEO QUE NO QUIEREN QUE MIREMOS !!!
RT : I hate being bi polar.
Its awesome.
In spite of doing laundoctor approximately as often as Penny on BBT, I seem to have too few socks and undergarments.
More shopping is in order.
ok, whatever
Final is Friday May 11th.
Paper is due the 24th or 25th...as in next week.
it's a 10 game dude
Last I knew, those had been taken on by Ally  dispersed to auction.
From there, who knows?
so why are you tweeting???
You owe me 3 for this used 2012 dvd.
My pleasure!
Saw you speaking during the event the other evening.
Looked like a great event!
So reading plus put their history on ther website and it's show the creators yea not so smart...
Because now we know who to kill C:
Anybody want to pick up a shift for some assbaby who has to go to prom tomorrow?
Not trying to close alone.
yells at no one
: congrats, very cool!Thanks my friend!
Hope you have a wonderful week.
Hugs!
Q.
I'm sure that is it.
I said we were unhappy with ATT and went over why and he spent ten minutes refuting.
Ugh
check out my upcoming master classes in Cordoba Spain Festival 7  10 July, 2012 not on their website yet but coming soon!
enlightening you to how deep of a person I am by hanging on the wall decorative surfaces that came out of nowhere for no reason
on the last DLF Aquifer Metadata Working group conference call....
all thanking each other and wishing we could share a beer....
Reasons for switching to Google from Facebook.
1.
Your parents aren't there.
End of list.
Inspired by ASTD2012, I'm collecting sharing LearningTransfer best practices.
Plz tweet your suggestions using hashtag
Mind Control
yeah im okay no worries : thank you tho
What it do homie
RT Once a word leaves your mouth, you cannot chase it back even with the swiftest horse.
Chinese Proverb
yea thats it haha i just didnt like it, i missed canisius
.
Itjust posted 4 more tweets.
Want to 'chime in' anything about that?
Opwatch NYPD Spam
Tomorrow it's on!
the night club 2 party  is open only
In session on Good Stories Hidden in the Archives
Thanks 4 follow : We work w/TC  NYC locations on their social media advocacy  great connecting w/Roch Area too via Twitter
Braves with 3 runs in top of 9th to take 2 run lead.
Still batting with 2 men on.
yes!
it looks like they're flying underwater.
i've always loved watching something swim thru the school of fish.
Congrats!!
One step after another!
Thanks, Chris.
Looking forward to seeing you guys soon.
Why's it take forever to do homework, but time goes by so fast when you're on the Internet?
Shoot, man.
I can't believe it.
Player images are back on websites!!!
Yay!
I know is happy.
Sunday's bad weather did what the Red Sox couldn't do all weekend: stop the New York Yankees...
That moment in life where your body is completely numb and you don't feel like moving.
3
They put mics on you during a sleep study?
Can I get a shout out?
MyWorstFear is not being succesful and failing at something im working so hard to accomplish
When I hear new sound it's more refreshing then any snapple on the market!!!!
hey seen i need to talk to you about something important please reply to me
Thanks for the RT and awesome blog post Jen!
:
Kinda bored with the internet.
Getting Married?
View my website to view my sample pictures at www.myspace.com/constantephoto Hope to hear from you soon
life is hard wen u doin shit by urself yea a lil help but hey gotta do it.
I have started a habit of saving to comp, desktop, jump doctorve and THEN email to myself and hubs work completed.
Write on girl!
i hate when ppl say that this country was built on Christian principles.
Actually it was built on religious freedom.
good idea!
12:00 am wow more time to live with.
Who Is Ashton Kutcher s New Gal, Lorene Scafaria?
The world is buzzing about Ashton Kutcher s new gal pal, screenwriter Lo
I hear I'm missing a mothaeffing incredible weekend of .
Good for you: You haven't missed it.
We're extending.
So there.
Walk In Our Shoes program allows others to experience the nursing professorssion by shadowing a University Hospital Nurse for the day!
Apparently dancing the cabbage patch, lawn sprinkler, mower makes your kids think your crazy.
Like I was the one eating dirt this weekend :
How have I not heard Say Something by ?!
I need too !
This is becoming my favorite sports story of 2012 RT : Rizzo on Hamels: It was a gutless chicken shit fucking act.
So great.
A trophy from the Shogun of making it rain Whether it's churchs, libraries or bingo halls he's done it, thank you sir

MT : I've know a long time.
I'm saddened he would embarrass himself like today with his comment about Obama.
how's here Gumball?
have yet to try that one.
I knew it...
im not listening to yo favorite bitch no more lmao
Had an exasperating day today.
Had a patron scream at me at the circ desk because she claims she returned 6 items and we don't have any.
Just be real  do your own thaaang.
not yet we're stuck out on a detour about an hour left to go
I feel so old talking to college kids
We'd love to have you anytime!
Katyandoctorssell are getting a divorce!?
Oh well, she could do so much better than him.
He's disgusting lolol
Rip Donna Summer 
The fans are going to be murderous in Pittsburgh/Denver tonight if this keeps up.
As a Packer fan in Pittsburgh, I think I'll stay home.
OK me go away now.
So sorry.
Love you long time.
Out, W.
One's dignity may be assaulted, vandalized and cruelly mocked, but it can never be taken away unless it is surrendered.
Michael J.
Fox
It's so hard to doctorss spring trendy with this hot ass weather.
And as expected just killed it on our show...Totally reasoned on all sides of Bo's failures, the rule itself, and the media
Poor you, poor you.
Stop whining before I find a moose to headbutt you.
I hope is up for it.
XD
Three days from the Sun trine Mars direct.
Then we are off!
:
thank you for noticing!
YES B's for everyone!!!!
Our consulting centers on collaboration,strategies,delivering the expertise you need to achieve concrete, measurable business results
Just doing the do, tonight is Yolanda with HM Managements birthday at Plan B on Broadway
we're not Chiropractors we are manufacturer.
sombraUSA.com
It's poppin' at the Hudson River Café right now.
Get off at 125th.
133rd  12th Ave.
Say Linx a the door for reduced adm ...
Lol RT : Please let the packers win!
I don't need my boss  in a shitty mood for the rest of 2011!
Thanks :
Goodnight.
Hope tomorrow is a better day.
I just wanna be alone with you here.
Got addicted to selling doctorgs, marijuana and coke....mama, she washed her hands, and let me go
Starbucks and inglorious bastards hellyes!
Quotes from Jackson's The Letters of Sicilius
if anyone has an old 3gs or something they won't miss, let me know.
i'd love to take it off your hands.
att.
New Exclusive Instrumental Available Send Music To lezalemusic
I'm hoping you're home by now : please dont hate me lol
Enjoy 4 rich, meltinyourmouth pieces for a modest POINTS value of 2.
Lisa Thomas, Senior Copywriter
ROTFL at those BI comments!
It's my opinion that every actor should see all the Oscar contenders.
If, for no other reason, than cocktail party chat.
Why are they called unisex bathrooms shouldn't they be called bisex bathrooms?
: The day is never promised.
It is only what you make of it.
Isn't that picture great!
Makes me want to read all the books nominated for the Booker Prize!
Were proud to be an Official Sponsor of the Annual Earth Day Charles River Cleanup.
3,000 volunteers will pick up trash along the river.
OMG!
SKINBONES IS PLAYIN IN KOHLS!
This is worth about a million bucks....already thinking about several items!
What do you think about the cart?
Congrats!
I just had one today to!!!!!
:D
I didn't look beforehand last year and was completely overwhelmed!
Not quite sure what to make of this, other than, I suppose...
Trivia tonight at 9pm!
Come get your smart on with quiz masterblaster Dustin
BIG DAY!
BIG DAY!
Were giving Free Edibles away Today, 3 patients California Residency The 3 next messages I get, you win!!
3 lucky winners!
what's the deal w the Shaq Party???
We are at 11,690!
But DECA students are idle and we need the phones to ring.
Please call now!
and you didn't tell me!?
You can't be what U wish to be,Why are U angry when others are not what U wish them to be?
can't i please just find a nigga who aint w/no doctorma ...
Vitamin E could damage bone tissue, study suggests
beautiful night in Las Vegas
Never had port of subs.
I just hate how JJ's has all their meat pushed to a side..then lettuce.
I do love JJ's too but yeah
Wow.
Very relevant guest.
Who's booked next week?
Joe Nedney?
Gary Hogeboom?
Just spent the last hour creating my first real infographic on Tx school funding I'll share it with you as soon as it's proofed, etc.
It's really important that as legislators, we don't just recognize what we do, but also the movements we can create.
Hold up...
You with the limp cock pic, you're trolling?
On AdultFriendFinder?
There are no words for your level of fail.
It's been a great day, I just hope it doesn't end with me getting doctorfted by the Browns somehow.
in Orlando.
It is Buffalo Wild Wings.
Always right at a 100 Cat Fans.
its about freaking time the students show up to a game
Females need love.Not love as in compliments.
I mean the unconditional love when others dont matter Reply Retweet Favorite
On a quest to convert my backyard into a multi cultural bird hostel.
The blue jays, doves, sparrows,  cardinals need some diverse friends
Today has pool day written all over it.
If the sun would only come out!
very.
Apparently the scientist whispered to Rick were all the walking dead.
And I know who dies next!!
I HATE Chelsea LOL they're too overrated.
Arsenal Gunners forever 3
RT : How come I can't get reception in my house, yet a terrorist can upload a video from a cave in Afghanistan?
Looking young does have it's downsides.
I get carded every time I order something not on the kids menu.
Business in the front party in the back maybe I was wrong was my outfit really wack?
Keeping them?
If hes straight then why do I catch his eyes lingering on me longer than they should?
Why did he say thay if he was still bi he'd date me?
Happy new year from the ladies of BHBP!
Start off 2012 fresh with a new piercing!
Im BalliNG Bitch !!!
I hope it rains tomorrow  
Sadly I'm not gonna let anyone know the title until its promoted.
But don't worry.
Those other titles will still be coming up :
you are my best doctorwsomething Friend!!
hahaah We're pretty awesome!
; who's getting them right !?
guys this is my twin bro!
New to this!
Give him a follow!
Much love3
RT As long as you're happy i'm happy
Love is measured by your level of sacrifice, not your level of enjoyment.
Tony Evans
Latin, Jazzy and VERY getyourassmoving house...
Political pundits clueless.
To win, Obama must reach out to FoxNews fans  get them to understand the real facts  figures on the economy
Which obstacle will stop you from investing in real estate?
a.
No Money b.
Bad Credit c.
Limited Income d.
Fear Post your answer
I'll see if I can make it out there.
Sounds like something I'd dig.
Happy First Day of Fall Milwaukee  WestAllis , its looking to be a Beautiful Day!!!
That akward moment when '' adds you on Facebook.
Oh the beach at night is so nice.
Me in a public bathroom takes picture me in the movie theater takes picture me at the beach takes picture
I can't tell you how many times I've clicked on links with title Good, Bad  the Ugly only to find out it has nothing to do with westerns
RT : Anyone who angers you, conquers you.
Sister Kenny // Brilliant!!!
and from one of the bravest childoctorn's activist of the day!
no you talk to me lol
you're very Welcome.
We are proud of you!
In transit to PopTech2011 Looks like stellar start.
Tag worth watching.
Lol.
Well the reason why Nasa is going the way it is now is cuz of bush era policies which pretty much cut all their funds
your FF prefaces  the best.
I am left equal parts confused  flattered
I miss ya too..what u been up 2!?
RT : I miss my teeta bug
ColumbiaCity makes the cover of SeattleMagazine as one of the 11 best Seattle neighborhoods.
Yay for our wonderful burb!
Still tryna wake up it's super early, but the grind don't stop!
G'morning
My process.
When I am looking to slove a ineffective mental behavior.
I go very negitive, then I solve it, and never deal with it again.
I've been waiting all day for you to call me baby!
Because they're raw!
I'm washing the shirts and wearing one tomorrow!
Seconded.
RT : is on a roll right now with his stream o' whatif ows provocations.
follow back ?3
No lie.
King's X closed their tour with a bang!
Now watching the roadies set up for Accept!
Hello to YOU.
Thanks for the follow.
Same here.
Will you RT me?
Going home today.
Spring break is nearly over guys :
my first marathon was the paavo nurmi in hurley, wi  a race that's as beautiful as it is hard.
The supersonics would be proud
Via grustle: grind  hustle A spec sh out to Grizzlies getyour grustle on It's not over!
Freaking amazing, can't wait to see a documentary on the trip, Cameron really walks the walk!!
When is he going to the moon??
you little slut 
Damn it's hard having a vagina.
Fast five is seriously my favorite movie
You can often guess a man's programming language of choice based only on his facial hair.
any bad habits we should know about?
What would you do if your boyfriend's ex still had sexy pictures of him on her facebook?
2229800
Who's Blogging What: 2010 Facebook Page Marketing Guide
Ice cream :
Ridiculous that they appealed...criminals
RT : I can't wait to have vocal lessons with the amazing : yay!!!!!!
Went and saw Brokeback Mountain.
Pedicures are really good.
Happy Arts Advocacy Day!
Share with us why and how you support the arts!
What are your thoughts on the FacebookIPO?
Will it further the reach of SocialMedia?
ITS HOT
Had a great delt training session with friend and Sheru Classic Team member Neil Hill.
a learning experience ever session
funniest comedian out there.
Been sayin it for years, glad you're getting your due.
Its time for me to head on over to desert breeze park.
This is my tweet about the AP test this morning.
I hate follow limits!
so I kind of just dyed it again and its really dark brown lol
Also applies to those of us from Pittsburgh.
Everyone also hates Pittsburgh.
Whatev.
We win stuff.
Don't sheep...
It's not about a tittie cover of a mag or marriage.
Bahhhhh....z.
If I could text right now, it probably would read Sprint Sucks!
But they still have the best plans!
TOWIE and a cuppa perfect relaxing sunday night!
Cannot wait for an exciting busy week!
Our office will close for Thanksgiving from 3 PM on Wednesday through all day Thursday.
We will reopen on Friday.
Happy Turkey Day!
TGIF!
Happy Friday the 13th!
Stop by the office and get a free scary movie.
Facebook Friends!
We will be removing our friend account at the end of May!
Please like us on our page to stay in touch!...
Special Pioneer welcome to 
Awesome best actor The Artist
Your the BEST!
Your a star that will always shine bright inside  out!
God Bless you, Much LOVE!
xoxo
There's nothing like the sound of new strings!
would be nice
The first heartbreak is the hardest..
Until i find another guy to make up for it :
Sadly, it overlaps I gotta be there.
Joe Just Said I Should Be His Girl.
Lol, Jamila Gets Weak Inside.
Too Bad Huh?
tell him to quit screwing the other team
I'm fucking over it!!!!!!
you dont need a boyfriend to make you happy best advice ive heard in a VERY long time
Mind the Gap!
James Greathead is our beard of the day!
Greatbeardsofhistory.com
Love the early Ride EPs, too.
Love.
Singing is so much harder on a Sunday morning when one loses that extra hour!
Happy the evenings will be lighter now though :
it's awesome
Congress being assaulted w/bags of money from lobbyists.
Hard to remember voters  oath of office when sitting on pile of cash.
Thanks Kevin Jefferson and The HDM Group, LLC for designing my new website.
You guys are the best.
Need a website?
Check them out.
and me are going to rob a bank;
doctorwings to HTML?
hm :
George Washington, mainly because I want/need to rock a powdered wig!
follow me back :
Thanks for the Retweet!
You can't change the past.
But you can ruin the present by worrying about the future.
Looking to get some 'professorssional' promo pics this weekend.
Will post new sexiness soon.
Let's do this beat them LakerBitches !!!!!
Well, well, well ...
3 of my favorite people on this earth.
Where do I begin?
Just checked out of wright quad!!
Enjoy 22 Off EVERYTHING For Earth Day!
Use Code: ZAZZLESALE22 Ends Tomorrow!
Haha, totally!
Except I've slacked all day so I actually need to get some reading done tonight.
Went to SONIC with Nothing like HappyHour for alittle brosis bonding
If I hear one more person say funner tonight I might break something.
Finally goin to school with a fresh cut...
this battle will be fun :
Will the ward5se candidate forum be held tonight?
hi!
Thanks for reaching out.
I was at the event too.
Yep you can find our apps at a2binteractive.com More in development too!
Abandoning the food fest in favor of more immediate foodstuffs
I'm learning Krav Maga next year to get ready for NOLA.
lol
I've meet my ninja stalker once he was a nice guy
This day is really up there on the list of days that should just not be happening
The role of protector is fundamental to the success of all other roles a teacher must take on in this career.
Mary Kim Schreck
Don Tate  Greg Neri discuss how to motivate minority males to read this afternoon  TXLA12, 23:50 PM.
Someone pls.
tweet this panel!
well bitch fuck you too and have a wonderful life.
I think I am just happy that NY will be in a good mood when I visit this week.
unblock me you landshark
Thank you to for recognizing 28 on the ic100!
At work again 363 days till marriage last chance ladies J/K.
Way to happy with my boo.
Hopefully time flies at work today
thanks for the follow  luv homie
Mark it on your calendar: Feb 8.
I'm hosting an Arcticthemed global meal at the UW Greenhouse.
Caribou stew and Trifle for sure!
Your boyfriend spend his money on me
what a beautiful day!
hey why did u block my personal
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think
of course i'm allergic to corn and can't enjoy tito's this weekend.
AW SHUCKS
: RT IF YOU HAVE HATERS I feel ya
Another great day is in the books :
A woman must be a real man, not a rag, rag mops must be with.
I hope there were deviled eggs.
yea I'm going to have to invest in a band...I need more goodies for these home workouts
Denny's straight beez in my trap
Hey baby girl!
You stoppin by PDX anytime soon or do I have to wait till August to see you?
jw
Watch NBC6 for details and your escape route
Got to ask yourself the question, Where are you now?
JamesBlunt 3
Love catching up with you and hearing about your adventures in the Clara.
At the Field, visitor studies 4 the Egypt exhibit redesign resulted in a great list of stories the curator really wanted to tell.
cool!!!
Cali is the spot!!
Beautiful day here in Genesee Country.
Perfect for an evening fire, cold Cream Ale and good company.
If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers
I just died!
Lmfaoooo RT : She still an only on camera hoe.
Lmao.
its the downside of twitter and blogging, in my opinion.
more stream of consciousness than informative.
Hey the weekend is coming...get out of the pile!!!!!
LOL
: / I think your first place from school..
: / i Think..
starting to worry that nova might be the odd man out, especially once pettite is ready.
Thoughts?
only thing I do find wierd and getting used to in DW7 is that story mode assigns you characters rather than you picking them.
I think is creeping on his mentions?: I lovee you: 3
We just posted a 7 minute video that could keep you occupied for a bit.
: Have a lovely day!
Did u just ask who's my daddy?
There is no such thing as true friends anymore everyone is fake af
: Dont expect someone to stay sweet forever because even the sweetest chocolate has an expiration date.
sounds extracarby.
great to connect with you and L tonight.
Cheers for the insightful mixtapological musings!
May 2011 be an upgrade for everyone.
It's all I'm sayin'.
Damn will never dm me
That's a wrap!!
Thanks so much to our fabulous cast and crew.
Keep following us for more behind the scenes updates!
Food all prepped for the week, now time for our team call.
Love being a part of something big!
I don't even know what to study right now..
CASINOS IN MIAMI?
You've heard the promises.
You've heard the fears.
NEW MIAMI FORUM will tell REST OF THE STORY Message for info
definitely seen that recently, but was on the go.
Nice pic!
Tech for 3 stacks
I hate school
I'd like to see more rapid prototyping in pub industry.Why no author/sales coops?
Groupon seems like a sales model.
Your opinion?
Better luck next time.
The wall map is pretty sick tho.
Might have to be back for it
I could see niall and the potatoes.
Lol :
what time does dat come on?
sure but i dont no how to make it if you wanna you cant use my imagines 
I already got my workout in today sister!
But I might can handle one of your 5 minute workouts : haha!
Just setting up my account!
Good Times they are a comin'!
Happy Birthday !
You don't look a day over ageless.

started when we were younger you were my  my bo  that used to be my shiiiiit .....
love you holly 
do you want just the business fact errors or the wacky political messaging issues?
Bushel of both in there...
I'm ready!
I have no idea!
How long ago was that?
Hashtag shorelinedoctorezy in your tweets and we'll RT our favorites!
Let me hear you twitter friends!!
Come and relas by the fire place!
Mention the tweet and get 15.
Enjoy!
Lively!
Especially today, with new Tinderbox Way edition just out and a new Tinderbox release coming soon.
Sounds good to me!
: I am highly convinced that most writers take their stories from their own doctorams!
LOL
Was at the set of NY Ink yesterday.
Honestly I expected more.
omg man i hope they do ;
we can't all be witty, I see.
just because you have an iphone doesn't mean your cool.
Scrtach that you're way cooler.
Love you
Now just 750 miles between me and my bed.
Riding shotgun with I hope to not be returning to anytime soon
May the Fourth be with you...
thanks for forgetting my hashbrown, mcdonalds.
that's my favorite part.
Off to the Plex of Mercy
What was it.
RT : oh I remember now
Ah 2nd cycling class!
Ooh the bum is tender!
Lol
Hahahah omg no way!
That is too funny.
I guess he just wants to be himself and doesn't care who knows
can I help you
New YouTube lyric video of our new song When Words Aren't Enough.
Go check it out!!!
You should post photos/bios of your dancers for Dancing With Our Stars 2012!
It would be nice to get to know them preevent.
just pulled the Harvard card :25 minutes into debate.
Helps him or hurts him?
Just saw this, its funny MT : MTV and VH1 talent...
all go through social media training program
FRESH OFF WORK HA' IM ALL BOUT THE DINERROO!
RT YO HUSTLE!
HUSTLEHARD'
Thanks!
We put a lot of thought into the careers section  we have some exciting things planned for it in the future!
Apparently I should clarify I do NOT think Yi is good.
It wasn't the worst birthday, but it certainly in hell wasn't the best!
There's always next year if I live that long at the rate I'm going.
haha that's very true!
Great weekend by Movers Long Island!!!
13 satisfied customers on Sat, 10 on Sun, let's see what today brings..
Thanks for checking us out!
Why no full review on the awesome that is the Avengers trailer?
Who wakes up when all the cool kids are just starting to go to sleep?
This girl.
Yes, looking forward to it.
Tho I did sneak in a viewing earlier....
Long day funfilled with reports, starting research, and still wondering what to do.
so mad had too rest ps3 if u had me as a friend on there add me again my id is still the same thank u
You just have to listen to the good shit.
Not the chunti type they play at house parties lol.
I moved some furniture today so that I could have a bit of my doctoram space right now!
What are you doing to prep for your doctorams come true?
Watched the little princess with my grams....she's been referring to herself as a princess ever since.
I can see why that would be useful.
I'm afraid I don't know, but I'll ask around.
RT : My youngest daughter Sierra Brown will be inducted into the National Achievers Society .
We are so very proud.
KUDOS!
one OF MY bullies came up behind me and almost cut my hair
i'm doin homework with my dad!
Season finale of The Vampire Diaries...i have my box of tissues, so im ready.
Exactly at 9:53 Ima doctornk red wine with cheap perfume Nd hold that whisky up high for
The greenest house is the one that never gets built.
6 papers, 3 finals, and less than two weeks til i graduate from college
don't you have blonde hair alex ?
Just posted Sketchy.
Thanks so much to Steve Savage for a lovely mix.
Things are moving along with my album.
Just a few more songs to mix!
Please follow on Instagram!
Dope ish!
And follow them on Twitter !
In Kindergarten, we called it cooties.
In High School we call it STDs.
i rather live my life with risks rather than what ifs
The one you posted yesterday about turning friends/business partners into clients was great...
Signal's just fine over here 
We hope to keep bringing you great musicians to listen to and try out!
Thanks for listenin'!
its just a square
Car rides get so boring when there is no one to talk to even tho your best friend is right there lmfaoo!!
Everyone make sure to check out KarminHello today!
It's only 6.99 on iTunes.
:
I just earned the Glamorama badge on Yelp!
What is your best feature phone?
Samsung Intensity II?
Samsung Brightside?
Thanks.
No power  my dog ran away.
It's National Nurses Week!
Do you have a friend of family member who works as a nurse?
If so, give him or her a shout out here.
Windy in Paign country
It's Cold In This Housee .
has interviewed Survivor, Big Brother and Amazing Race players.
Getting an interview with would be AWESOME.
Local woman saves weddings, one bride at a time
Hungry hungry hungry....
Make me some food WOMAN!!!
sorry I didn't answer I was at my sister's house seeing my niece: I cant go a day without seeing her!
Lol its true.
What's the absolute coolest thing you've ever done?
Sorry you are not even close!
Ha!
Just love helping a Buffalo Realtor friend with her marketing cc:
thankyou!!
Great crises produce great men and great deeds of courage.
Haha right?
It's awesome!
:
I have to do homework now :
Aw!
I think shes beautiful no matter what!
:D
haha yeah the worst part for me is seeing philly fans everywhere!
I hate it!
But thats part of living in PA!
BEST.NIGHT.
with  3 They're the BEST dates and seeing made my night even sweeter!
3
Ive been anxious alot lately......
Is that bad?

RT : : here's to the kids who do nothing on Friday nights because they have no social life.
Also for the ACC raid crowd.
BigXII doesn't want to take more than 1 team at a time from a single conf.
No bad press for killing a conf.
almost ...You're barkin up the right tree : what material is that on?
last minute show tomorrow night 9:00 at City Tavern in Dallas.
If your looking for a good time we would love to see you out!
MY HUSBAND BROKE HIS ARM .
IM CRYING .
That awkward moment when a girl is wearing more makeup then clothes.
one of those very rare tweets.
wants to go to Chicago again.
Who dey.....
Come on Bengals we need this WIN.
:
why didnt i think of that haha
exactly right!
we're not doing our job, and/or not doing ENOUGH!
7lessons got my Internet degree at Amazon.
I like!!
buying reason six for 33 bucks.
So is in the house tonight, be sure to bring your livers AND your dancing shoes.
RT : With Green Bay Packers coming to Grafton today, can finally walk the streets without paparazzi.
My fingers are destroyed to the point that I can't tie my tie...
Bleh :/
HAD TO COME UP WITH A SICK ENOUGH REMIX TO ONE OF MY FAVORITE SONGS THANKX TO YOU!!!
A quote ...
who said this: There can be no social justice without economic justice.
searching for a new direction today..
and no I wasn't referencing Glee
10FavouriteBands Simple Plan,Three days grace,Gunsnroses,Good charlotte,A day to remember,Hot chelle rae,Linkin Park,All American Rejects
Michael Bush got paid WAY more than me.
Who the fuck is Michael Bush?
Oil companies prob want Obama to take the fall.
Repub pusas, w/ no regard for the environment, are for them easier to deal w/.
When you don't have to go to the gym or work, and you can relax oh wait, whats relaxing??
good luck on your dance show!!!
Ly!!
what was the TV van count this morning outside?
In better news, I'm eating chili.
Come on people 6 more followers!!!
As soon as I hit 500 I'm gonna post a video for y'all so get to stepping!
GM tweeters!
More like slim, to 100's skinny.
.
oh you guys are on Twitter?
Sweet
Excited to be a Graduate Assistant for the program next year.
I am looking forward to working with everyone.
Follow us for updates!
RIP Junior Seau, this Broncos fan will always respect you game!
Please follow They are a new media service located in Seattle and they are fantastic at targeting your audience.
Finally home ...
oh Ventura ...
you never fail to give us a great time!!!
That's an hysterical analogy!
So I guess my fantasy teams decided to take the week off.
Always next week.
Can't wait!
: 551dayold Instagram is worth 1 billion.New York Times Co.: 967 million.
Paying for it not same as worth it.
I'm on my way to this audition.
What r u up to?
Lolol online...in person...doesn't matter!
Don't do it!
Lol
HOLY FUCK, I WANT YOU SO BAD.
I listen all the time actually, and am much the wiser because of it!
Also a pleasure to meet you!
i know you'll been waiting the documentary is officially out so watch it and tell your friends.
this is 2 months in the making.
Game 1 NYRANGERS vs NJDEVILS 8pm!
Where are you watching the game?
Come to and watch it on one of our 30 flat screens!!
Even if the Heat win this series, if Bosh doesn't return healthy this will be another bust year.
museweb, yes I can see how this could consume some.
i've noticed more 'heads down' staring into phones lately rather than looking around
Almost done getting the new and Improved Triskelion Sociity Shop up.
Limited edition coffee mug will be for sale.
you were in doctorg?
Pics?
Probably not going to help me if I have a bengali client though...
gotta work on that social work bangla.
SO NFL HAS FINALLY CRACKED ITS WHIP ON THIS BOUNTY BULL GOING ON.
You could almost say he knows nothing.
Prosopography, the study of relationships between people.
nfais new word for me.
thanks so much.
Always tough stories and thanks for being our one viewer!!
oh  I'm thinking of Vegas for august but I liked Miami 
feeling restless....
Stay with the music..let it play a little longer.
Happy Thursday!!!
yeah I didn't read it til after I tweeted you
Finally decided to try this whole tweet thing out...
test the market by throwing it into a upscale burb.
Expand into the city after?
Either way I'm blocks away from CHill come June!
Dear Santa, I got a sled for christmas...
does that mean its going to snow?
:
RELATIONSHIPS DONT LAST BECAUSE KIDS ACT LIKE THERE GROWN UM BITCH WE SUPPOSE TO ARGUE
And just stop this ridiculous Matt Flynn talk.
How can a guy who has played in 2 NFL games command big money?
How did Kolb work out for AZ?
hey was my pleasure!
Great to meet you tonight!
Check him out to get interesting Colliers Related updates...
harry and niall.:
Hanging out with friends today and will try to play online poker at the same time.
Worked out last time, see if I can do it again.
Celebrating Joy's BDay tonight!
29 years young  and still queen of the house
great food!
Thanks from me and !
See yea soon
Then what's the point of being in upper management?
yay!
Where are you off to?
does BiRite ice cream travel well?
I think it can make a trip across
Birthday is 5 days.
Gonna be on the wrong side of my 30s.
Really?
RT In Mercer Co high schools foreign exchange students aren't allowed to graduate so they wont outshine local students
I hate Wednesdays
no one yet.
Still not got the working part of my visa.
Thought I might try and meet some Chicago peeps in SM/digital whilst there.
No Apologies ; thanks
I Am That Too
Tony Harris is a member of the CeBIT escape committee today.
A good thing!
The public sector workers are on strike and no trams!
Viel Spass!
Zotero is amazing, and should really be taught to high school kids for citation skillz, since it's so easy to use.
Who was your favorite professorssor and DBU?
Tell us!
I love kayleigh grubbing she is awesome!
More than 12,700 licensed medallion taxis work the streets of New York City.
I woulda Cussed that sheriff outif I was Homie!
Racist Sheriff
Usahillbility: a podcast in which I perform usability testing on people from the deep south
Who's everyone pulling for at Doral this week?
My money is on Keegan Bradley.
He's a grinder
Oml, I want Denny's!
thank you Trice!
It's soo good
sounds great!
we are back late Friday night.
Maybe Saturday?
RT : SunTalk: My mother is the best because .
// she made me believe I could do anything.
Great, I really appreciate it.
We have some exciting changes coming very soon that I think many SLPs will love.
the southeast beast!!playa came up since his hs days frm clear brook!
Glad 2 kno true talent came frm tht school!!
Thank you for the mention!
Enjoy the rest of your week!
Happy Friday everyone!!!
where is lunch today fam
Festival of the Chariots.
India pride in Venice
Its a nice day in the mill
Social Media Tip: A dead Page reflects poorly on your smallbusiness.
Make sure to update your pages consistently.
Happy Friday the 13th!
Without regulation a dog feels lost and baffled about his role in the pack
tomorrow will be an attempt at the Love Sandwich.
Just read the article and can't wait to pick fresh basil and hit whole foods !
Thx
1MONTH OUT OF T.D.C.
AKA STATE PROPERTY AND READY TO GET ON IT, BUT IN DO TIME AND THAN ITS ON FO'REAL FO'REAL, PATIENCE N FAITH T.Y.L.
G.
RT : Love great infographics?
Check out this awesome video infographic on the local web from the folks at
Packerseverywhere.com.
Join the Green and Gold where ever you are.
Love the fall season .
what up?
U back from hollin'  the St Lunatics?
Ha
are y'all gonna be in FL next month?!?!
Come thru!
Good idea.
Anything,..we do demands mobilization.
We are trying.
The rest of them better wear helmets
my last move is to Unfollow you;
and you photo's are up to the time bout yo press like on a few of tyme tomorrow
Throat feeling scratchy..
cold coming on?
Man I hope not.
TIIP4P Matt Donovan: survey shows usergenerated content is low in engineering/manufacturing
Can we please get thingsSimonBorgthinks going?
I think it could be entertaining.
looks like fun!
if you do you'll see me; lol get it?
I'm his chin?
Haha.
ALERT...Stay away from any emails, etc..
from an outfit called BookLode.
They are falsely soliciting under 's name ...BEWARE
Well, there are a few more names on my list but difficult to say ALL Susans, Barbaras, Diannes, etc : 
Welcome back and welcome  lots to uncover here
knowing good and well you sleep lol
8 more followers!
Almost there!
Love yah guys!
Happy National Day!
What are you doing to celebrate?
aw shucks we're blushing now
you mean the one that triggered that wreck yeah we saw it
Low scoring games all around baseball today.
This RT : I wanna babysit Sean Preston  Jayden.
And we can play Just Dance.
Unfollowing the boring peeps now.
Sigh.
Poor JVS.
I love you.
I'm sorry.
Can you be my friend again?
Resting for work in the a.m 
who is your publisher?
I would love to carry your book in our Frenchinspired shop in Little Washington, VA.

thnx for following
vas' happening dude
Last month our users crawled 1,574,019,850 web pages and spent 4.6 CPUyears crunching data
This Burger king at always messing up my food I don't even feel like going back in there
lol yo!!!!
im so tired need school!!!!!!
guys!!
on vyrt in 14 days r u ready?
lol Mitt vs Newt!
Let the poopflinging begin!
Then let the only real candidate on the stage speak :
RT : Rodgers previously said he'd doctornk a vodka mixed w an energy doctornk which contained banned stimulant methylhexaneamine
Hey, thanks for the RT, Raven.
Everyone, don't panic.
Before Collin left, he had a romantic dinner with me and told me he can't imagine leaving my sexy self next season.
Just got a letter from Santa.
My car is dead.
Another 100 repair.
Kill me now.
Thanks for the mention, Keith.
Have a great day!
The Uptown is a megahuge screen tho.
So your head is whipping back and forth to see all the action.
Not good for 1st viewing.
Next year we will
Taking a short break from editing Rising to stop by !
Espresso froyo with chocolate espresso beans and a side of espresso.
JO
Leaving it at that is deffinatly not going to make me feel any better.
I need someone to talk to.
Throwing up blood isnt helping either
Anyone out there need wine  cheese pairing advice?
Check out in NYC.
They also deliver !!!
Our challenge: Design game inspired by checkers, w/ multiple ways to win, uses counting,  teaches how to be an organized student
laker game time.
oh yes.
Perfect night for a late workout!
I've been slackin'.
IT'S AN APOCALYPSE.
I would love to hold your hand.
C;
Better after a good night's sleep!
HotDog Your slump upsets me
Thank you Hirsch!!
If it's out of your control, why fret about it?
Concentrating on things you can control is how you make good things happen.
Blahh is just right, but you shouldn't blah you beautiful human being.
What's wrong?
so true
The word devilfecta was used in our offices earlier today.
But not in the way you'd think.
Hey baby beautiful afternoon
You're doing everything right but it's still not showing up in the feed.
Apologieswe're not sure what to advise
girl, that performance was great for so many reasons
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 82
Nice Seeing You Saturday!
:
Other than Game 4 of the '97 Cup finals vs Detroit, this could be the most forgone conclusion in Flyers hockey history.
Nope, I dont do any of the ordering.
You should take screenshots!
Well after taking a LONG ASS nap...ima try to do my report without distractions...i guess I shouldnt sit in front of my tv :/ lol ;P
bitch I was going to tweet that!
watching network coverage of cain's arcade.
completely disconnected.
wow.
Passions rekindled TNWIC Thank you inspiring us all
Bobby Knight has hacked Rex Chapman's twitter account!
Just came back from and our team was Inspired by Steve Kaplan's Seminar Bag The Elephant  Sell Bigger Sell Better  Thrive in this economy
Goodmorning world!
:D
Today is World Kidney Day.
Celebrate with some extra trips to the bathroom!
My computer would freeze everytime I go to some chick's page who had the playboy glitter shit on there page.
So frustrating.
A: Keep it original.
Not saying go totally experimental, but somethings are overdone 15 min of people talking about feelings is kind of eh.
Not hatin on u black lung smokers, but why is it that u could be a million feet away and somehow the smoke still hits me!
Yay I got free time!
:
eating cereal bored
I'm so hung over...
I'm surprised I got home ok Haha
Thank You!!!
RT congrats that exciting!
Great job
That ATT guy was cute..
The Fact that Teammindless are hustling for money at this point in time 
I hope ur not eating eggs with cheese !
field trip Thursday.
woot woot!
wait no, im in a group with all the annoying people  except 1 person.
Looking for best man speech ideas...
However you approach your article writing, you need to know that you will rarely get it perfect at first.
thanks.
I know it was a relatively last minute request.
i hate when i spell shit wrong when im trying to be a smartass in a text :/
MaundyThursday  Main Street Church....
Come journey with us through the biblical stories of Jesus' Passion.
6:30PM, 81 W.
Main St., Peru!
realtime quoting from doctorft without mentioning the book.
Come on give credit
congratulations from a fellow KY boy and fan!
Good to see you boogity, boogity, boogity to the Hall of Fame!
go to what, the cave spring game?
Over 75 percent of people get their news from social media such as Twitter.
If your reading this consider yourself informed.
I plan on having a couple of doctornks tonight :
I don't think it should be used at all.
Russ, it takes big design balls to use comic sans
DID YOU KNOW?
The Dead Sea Scrolls are, for the most part, written in Hebrew.
Some fragments are in Aramaic.
Watching For Colored Girls on my ipod laying on my snuggie in the media center .
Lol
Victims of Agent Orange.
I've been doctoraming of a true love's kiss,  a prince I'm hoping comes with this.
cantsleep enchantedismyfavemovie hurryuphusband lol
I enjoy that the Bon Iver Workout DVD trailer features a different band's music.
Could be tolerable...
Isaac and zeus are treating me to Autre Monde on Roosevelt road tonight.
YUM.
Mövenpick Hotels amp; Resorts perfectly positioned for China success
Including myself, I count 6 comedians at this Devo show...so far...
Dun dun dun!
Or rock like a hurricane.
RT : Even a small amount of alcohol placed on a scorpion will make it go crazy and sting itself to death
Hansen: 21st century media  tracing a shift from past directed recording platform to data doctorven vision of the future.
Denver needs another Smoke Dog Al Wilson.....Agreed!
Pecoware / Trinket Box with Accessories  Lock, Fancy Butterfly
RT Morning...
Everybody have a good day!
Fuck it partying all night.
Wii, metal music, Gokaiger, and booze, and great friends
waits patiently for virtual high five....
Heat better win today.
Fuck the
If Tarot reading stopped working worldwide 1 day, as if it were broken, why would this be?
Sounds like a good start to a novel!
please rt.
been doctornk tweeting again al??
Must be Jazz Fest.
having fun watching you guys on USTREAM!!!
:D its amazing.
FOLLOWW ME?!
3
On Dat IMA DO IT BIG....BIGGER THAN YESTERDAY!!!!
Chilling with the crew
now i need to figure out hair and makeup....
It's really frustrating that we spent the past 2 yrs learning wiki markup only to have the rug yanked from under us.
Heart of the Treasure Valley: Jessica Ross, 8, faces a test of strength  The Idaho Statesman
Good Night i love you :D
The man speaks the truth!
RT : Corporations aren't people.
People are people  Barack Obama
If I had known that I would fall asleep in the sun, I wouldve taken off my sunglasses.
RT Wat up on the way to work wussup
ima kill you
bad girls club in a hour!
getting off ..
ight bye
I root for the Rangers when I watch baseball, but I'm not an avid baseball watcher.
Watched the Rangers more when they were bad.
But
lol really that's terrible.
I just made my account a couple days ago.
I think I listen to it at least twice a week on the Sirius 90's station....love it!
no problem bro lol
your lips on my lips.
jk never
Very cool  Mountain Winery nominated for Best Small Outdoor Concert Venue in US in the Pollstar Awards!
We love the Mountain Winery!
:
Oh, the one with the goatee and the tie?
That's one I've had for a while.
Dear Algebra, Stop asking us to find your X.
She's not coming back.
IADMIT I'm a bit of a clutz sometimes
Rules are meant to be followed, otherwise they shouldn't exist.
Thoughts?
Happy Easter everyone!!!
Have a great day celebrating with your loved ones :
You Gotta Have Hope Sometimes ..
18 hour doctorve, we 3 students are going to be showing up Tuesday afternoon  promptly either napping or wishing we could.
:
Good Morning Tweedos!
Depending on your point of view, 343,674 may be a very exciting number.
Today at least, it is for me.
congrats to our doctormmer, Whitey on his 1 year anniversary.
Way to go!
We are glad to see the meetings are helping  we'll doctornk to that!
At least she's not jealous skylerproblems p.s.
im not afraid to tag you
6:30 baby still asleep but neighbor is yelling and using a nail gun so not for long.
My dog is obssessed with Big Red.: HeatherReneeHampton.:
the beer took a ball, and so should have Headley.
I Love Nick Mara
Yes please.
The hold music would be putting me to sleep if I didn't have Twitter pals to talk to right now.
ExpertVisibilityTip: If you make a promise to your audience, you'll be accountable to produce content  they'll start to expect it.
Do it!
Blonde boys don't know what they want and blonde girls dont know what they can have
haves teamed up w/ to launch educational gaming site for k12 under homeschoolers.
I'm good.
Working hard!
And playing hard.
after looking at this calendar ?
im a nervous wreck.
In the Dome!!!
Let's Go Saints!!!
Who Dat!!!!
Currently sporting one of those sore throats you get after doctornking coffee from a cup that didn't have the dish soap rinsed off well enough.
I will be with the one I love, with unveiled face I will see Him.
Then my soul will be satisfied,
10/4/2010 Putting innovation to work Boston Globe
Daily GTKY question: What is the most comfortable temperature for you?
thanks for following my feedfeel free to follow my academia feed as well 
Packy the elephant turned 50 today in portland
I'm curious, are you still working on your Apex GNex CDMA ROM?
It's been great so far, wondering if any updates are in the works
Nowhere nearby, otherwise I know some good spots!
Hey mama!!!
waving
I'm tired of grandma and grandpas jank lawn mower
Free Sonic Tshirts if you park in the lucky stall and spend 10.
Secret Stall Hint updateit's either stall 11,12, or 13.Sonic
Currently at Lou Malnati's with the fambly.
Suck on that every other human eating pizza tonight!
And it really looks like they're playing scared.
Dear dad do you find it weird how well martin luther king could remember his doctorams?
I never remember mine
Yep dallas outtathere
At Genghis Grill getting my grub on.
U get to choose your own raw meats, veggies nd sauce to cook on the grill.
Very very nice, will be back
Thanks for the RT Peter!
Like I said...
I tell the truth not what you want to hear.
It isn't where you came from, it's where you're going that counts.
Going to chacha for a week straight and see what happens!
Congrats to Steve Pearlstein for his Lifetime Achievement Loeb Award!
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL
Ohh you fancy huh?
;D
Agh, I'm tired af and have a headache and my dad and brother are nowhere to be found.
A reminder that the 2009 Fairbook has been uploaded to the website!
We are also still accepting sponsors!
Msg us if you are interested.
haha yeah :p
Its a Good Day
still trying to launch: we're very close!!
March 22 at 3pm SLIS is having a discussion about career options in LIS.
To RSVP or get more info send email to .
My mom lives in Coconut Creek.
My folks moved out there in 1990.
Hearing the Beastie Boys speak out against sexism made me feel like if these men who had once sung about getting girls
lol funny story behind that song...
Fag 
I'm addicted to McDonald's oatmeal!
This guy's last name is Fuhrer.
I bet he's got a lot of nicknames.
metal allergy, you'll have to wear 18k gold.
oh no.
Already here.
great times tonight!
Thanks for everything!!
Shouldn't have eaten leftovers from last night...
It feels like Winter again here in Nashville
Welcome new follower Glad to have you!
watching the replay of the Dawgs annual kicking of the bees...
Reggie Watts killin' it on Conan.lol
Fill my cup up with your blessings jah when the rain fall on InI house top non stop heart ah luv inna morning yah mi good frens...
Np Shots For Me
Ok, me and are actin a fool right now.
And its not even her birthday
TheMostCommonLies I'll never hurt you
So there was a random car on fire on my block....
Mortar and pestle.
That's what you use to muddle things, yes?
Is that how you make pesto?
Actually...
YES.
Playing
I need help.....I need help.
Someone call me.
I need to finish this damn song.
AUdoctorY.
CUE AUdoctorY.
day of jumping jacks huh?
Nurses Careers  What exactly Mental Wellbeing Nursing ...: Having an allnatural health diet can assist you in having control with ...
YeenBoutThatLifeIf your tweets are protected
Broke up ?
do you mean break up..!!
rt RAW512: In need of some assistance this thursday at The Parish.
If anyone is free to help us run our front of house, send me a
Power of imagination is what makes humanity distinct from other species.
could you wish me a happy birthday?
It would make my life!:
It will be interesting to see how long it will take Newt Gingrich to trash the media during tonight's Florida Debate.
Why does think I'm an influencer about Oreos and Latin??????
I thought I sent it...
AWOLNATION Sail...
Let me know if that's the one you're thinking of
Listening to Bryan Adams.
Reminiscing about my youth.
Hey guy walking into Archibalds at 1 o'clock in the afternoon, I'm judging you.
Thanks to our grad student intern Jenn Fuller for running
E!!!!
: As it stands real time.....1.
United 2.
City 3.
Arsenal 4.
Spurs SurvivalSunday
aguyknowshesdatingapersianif she starts putting napkins in his glove compartment
Suit/Smoking PORN!
Flails
My Winthrop World Tour  wrapping up conversations in NJ.
Off to Long Island tomorrow.
Looking forward to meeting more great students.
Thanks for the follow.
I look forward to your tweets.
I'm sure to learn something!
Me and are sitting on the bus cause were cool cats.
U may have conveniently forgotten that BB  Aitizaz Ahsan were in the 4front 2 restore judiciary bt who cares abt that now?
:
another evening, another 1K words to add to the WIP.
Yes.
Moths are put on this earth to make us want our mothers.
It all makes sense now.
Hi Esha, It was good running into you, and thank you for refollowing.
Let's stay in touch.
finish this line When I heard you speak yo I damn near cried...
You may now eat the bride...
Was Here
going to eat then get ready fory banquet later
Time will pay for that, right?
Also, to make it authentic one of the dishes should definitely be poisoned.
RT : Easy way to celebrate EarthDay: reuse your grocery bags and donate your 10 cent bag credit to !
Blasting 1D.....YOU ONLY WANT ME WHEN I'M TAKEN
Being responsible and disciplined and healthy really matters
1DVEVO ASKREPLY Im there biggest fan because they get me through my hard times.When I want to give up and break down their there 4me
follow me and then I will follow u back :
Lil Wayne in a couple!!!
Woke up to the smell of fried oreos.
Damn you Aileen D':
Seriously, Ladies Rock Camp is the COOLEST camp around!
I have a serious craving for piyya with pineapple and tomato.
SERIOUS.
Reading John Dewey's Public and its Problems.
It's incredible how little has changed.
Democratic process still needs to be reshaped.
Hope to see you there!
Get a copy of Shakespeare Wallah, a merchantivory film with a young, handsome shashikapoor.
It's a gem!
Good Morning Denver!
2012 has started off with a bang and OCRA is incredibly thrilled, but there's always more room to save you .
One who starts earlier, may become number one.
No they're not.
relationships aren't meant to be looked at as miserable or feel like u restricted.
and ppl look at them that way now.
So sad
I like your blog.
I know the feeling.
My girlfriend lives on another planet.
Thanks Devan!
We like what you're doing, too.
If birth control coverage  whore.
What does insurance covered Viagra make men?
Good job!
I think they'll go all the way again this year.
Head out the GRAND OPENING OF THE BRINK this THURSDAY!
Free cover and other specials plus Ill be spinning!!...
yea we do
yeah, I sponsor every now and again  some support from big cos would be nice
yes, we're in the process of creating a new site!
Thx for visiting.
He going to take my breath away I can't wait chocolate daddy xoxo love ya papi
whats up zach?
thanks for following up, we're actually working on the site and we have a shirt that will be up on our twitter soon!
It must've been bad.
It's danielle for crying out loud, i'm not suprised that you have to DM me.
a pic of what?
i think the best part of this is you have comics in your office...
justsayin my boss might not like that.
1 day  15 hours to graduation!
even after reading it, he didn't really prove his sugar is toxic claim to me.
Clearly excessive consumption is bad.
not new.
Received a dangling participle from my cookie instead of a fortune.
that makes sense.
lol.
You're welcome  great work!!
People tweet a LOT and constantly.
ctfd or
Sup brotha!
How have you been?
Just watching the old TSA vid and thought of you and !
follow THA MEJIKANA tell her I sent u!!!
LastTimeIChecked pictures are to show your face, not your boobs.
Don't allow the opinions of others stop you from moving forward.
That's a clever idea but sewing clothing is tricky!
oh hell nah

Now following this beautiful girl 3
Been busy, of late, at work.
Still doing good.
and you?
If someone hack you email list, does the list itself disappear from your email?
Mine just went poof!
Media shouldn't be blamed for premature reporting on Tebow trade.
NY Jets announced the deal via twitter!
Sleep Tight Co.
plays at noon in the Beans lot tomorrow!
will look today!
Thats easy.
I have the answer for you...
STUDY!
;
making updates to the website.
Stay tuned!
Finally bought the vow!
Outside cats are screaming.
visiting a friend and her husband
A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success.
Bo Bennett
Look at my snapshots I got of you3
I feel like Floyd is gonna punch Larry Merchant one day
Glad you like the classification :
Baby niece's 1yearold birthday party earlier this evening.
Tomorrow, halfsister graduates from high school.
And Mother's Day.
Not to complain or anything, but you know when you can kind of hear what someone is blaring through his ear phones?
Yeah.
Downside of sharing a kitchen, cleaning up after other people, I think the juice person was here before me making a sticky mess.
Ick
good morning thank you for sharing those word about love from one of my favorite chapters in the Bible
Night night tweetie birds
entrepreneurs Of course I checked email on Christmas.
Wait, what about Beiber?
OH...
you said MAN and MUSIC  nevermind!
I suggested we DON'T trade for him
I'm missing over 1700 files from my iTunes account because of iCloud and iMatch  look for your booklets
Malaria's far too boring for the hassle.
Just ask Now quicksand, bears  crocs make for good reading :
please retweet repost whatever you can do!!!
message below about KLOVE and KRYSTLE!
This weekend is going to be good!
Lunch  shopping con mi padoctor :
i agree wiv that..
Damn shame the UNLV / UCSB game wasn't televised, but glad the Rebels pulled it out and completed my 3team parlay for the night.
Anvemmgers OMG I CAN'T EVEN SPELL IT!!
awesome, except I keep missing Chip!
How cool is this, internet users can view Dead Sea Scrolls on line!
Time to brush up on your Aramaic?
What is your favorite thing to find in an Easter Egg?
There is only one way to defeat the enemy, and that is to write as well as one can.
The best argument is an undeniably good book.
RT : I know I cant doctornk for shit.
But if there were really a crew competition I'd put my money on Kevin  3Deep.
Easily.
Creative juices are flowing and Andoctorw and I are working on the cookbook copy!
Messing with the incredible Messing tonight Aljazeera ya there.
nice.
how was the trip?
Sometimes kids have to remind us about the things that can't be taught.
I'll be there!
RT : sxsw gestures Come meet the guys behing Minority Report tomorrow!
Hilton Salon H 12:30pm
wow I never even knew that movie existed
Good morning to all ...have a wonderful day!!!
Chase did something!
Really sorry to hear about Lily....
Anyway, GOOD MORNING BABE!!
333
Yep.
And Mayweather's stamina and defensive skills are unreal.
Hopefully we'll see sometime in the next few years.
Lol
Asynchronicity as time control: the more that's pushed off to asynchronicity, the more time available for synchronous
Off to Vancouver, what should I see or do?
well aren't you sweet?
:
I love youu!
Congratulations to our first Jingle Jam tickets winner of the day!
If you didn't win this time, don't fret!
Try again after 9am!
thanks for the mention
Whos in Littleton That wants to hang?!
waaaah thunder lighting and rain,.
this sucks.
Thanks for saying the best degree for a dancer is in Marketing!
I agree people are not taught how to sell themselves as a product.
I get and only his tweets to my phone3
SPECIAL: Bucket of Corona's 25
Indian babies are definitely the cutest
Before I judge I act before I speak I listen before I hate I love before I write I think and before I quite I try
Hahahah the sign we just passed 'What's your favorite sport?
Surfing the internet.'
And while you may leave Decatur...
good luck getting that smell out.
Just ask
We are in Little Rock AR.
Electric Cowboy with David Allan Coe
Where the Hotties at in San Diego?
Take a look at www.wherethehottiesat.com to find which bars are the most frequented by hot men and women
Don't suppose anyone has some cucumber slices for my puffy eyes.
Should have grabbed from martini glass last night.
in small doses.
Innings like this are what happens when you face a lineup that takes pitches.
WhiteSox have far too few of those types of players.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Helen Keller
continued: ...
visually impaired users access to things that we really didn't have access to previously.
Thanks for the follow Emily:
and a snare doctorm :
me , yeah.
Not much going in here.
What about the inmate that ran against Obama in the primary in W Vagina
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning.
Ivy Baker Priest
Love this one!
Showing a professort means touching something and leaving it better than you found it.
Jim Rohn
.
Follow Me nd Ifollow Yu Back By The A.m So Just Follow Me
First I accidentally cut my thumb with my pocket knife, then I accidentally punch it...
How is this possible?!
:o
Thanks, we like her!
: we need to do dinner again sometime soon!
Are we planning another dinner ?
Blood sweat and tears, homie I'm made of it.
YES!!!!
I mean u knew they would be of course;
RT : The capitalists keep the words locked in academic ivory towers: unlock them, bring them to the streets.
Paper and pencil??
What a foreign concept!
thousandsnay millions are.
but you are among the first.
better pick up done 5 hour.
Oh my god we're doing one of his songs for hiphop.
Thought I'd share that XD
Wow, RT'd by NYT best seller!
Honored.
May or may not have stayed up all night working on some new
Agree.
Same when Cutler came MT Marshall hasn't played a snap for Bears  he's already the best receiver we've ever had
Happy anniversary Fenway  lookin good
happy birthday to you too :D
I'm awake and I'm alive.
Morning twitter
so nice to meet you too Miss Fairy Godmother!!!
So tell me, how many doctorams did your friends tell you about after they all heard about the MegaMillions winner?
RT on DVD  BluRay: The Grey, Chronicle, and Albert Nobbs After a couple of pretty thin weeks on home video, we've got a good number of
Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles
caught him slipping...
Haha!
Thanks for makin fun of what I love and saying how stupid it Is.
That's what I LOVE to hear...
While we in most of North America are basking in a warm winter, Britain is freezing.
The fountains of Trafalgar Square are iced over Brrrr
the people in the judicial systems are racist George Zimmerman killed an innocent teen set bail and released Racial injustice Stop it
Stupid girls saying they love my bf more then i do?
UM BITCH.
HE'S MY BF.
: New revenue numbers suggest positive economic growth for Wisconsin!
We need to continue to move forward.
Divide  Conquer?
i doubt you enjoyed that
I don't know if midge is up, I'm out, EJ will be fine.
I gave her my other credit card, but by the time she swiped it was too latesorry father.
I feel like everyones out there living their lives going crazy and I'm stuck here with the same damn routine.
cravingadventure !!!!!!
no.
They're the same color as the top of the bill.
This is the best day ever!
Who's with me??
Up way early on a rainy Sat!
But heading out w/a smile  a purpose.
Why?
My Godson's wellness matters!
Go
Coming down in sheets in Jackson Park neighborhood.
Dog too distracted by lasagna to be scared of thunder...
you'll really like it.
It's a hoot!!!
:
Yeah Sometimes...But I Dont Be On That Side Alot
The Magazine Executive Keynote Panel will begin in TEN MINUTES upstairs in the Astor Ballroom
no you would get a ticket
sings There's someone behind you...
: I'm right behind you 
Afternoon barbecue!
Wow!....Forever live!...Omg Bless you  yours
Sexy ass dude just had to be in college lol
Windows down, music blasting, cruising around after a long night of practice!
thebest feelingood 
Hey please punch in the throat!
What, no link this week OTJ?
I'm disappointed.
woke up , and my phone doctor af .
loving my orange ones!
This headache is trying to ruin my life..
Nope.
I recognized him, though.
No, I am not tired.
I just forgot to comb my beard.
I think that the only way to have something is to know the opposite of what nothing is.
Food for thought.
you'd think so.
but, alas, no.
RT : Best bustout tweet of the WSOP so far.
Uh yeah it actually is too much to ask
history is my best subject!
My average last year was a 89 overall.
Once the door to social consciousness is opened, bring the spirit of your company through it to affect change
That was quick, considering Nate was just asking for opinions on Monday.
What color and does it match your eyes?
Y'all only getting high, cuz y'all are closer to hell
I have a healthy body, free of the chemicals that once controlled it
Go Big Blue!
I'm babysitting and the kids are singing guminola 
Thank you and you too!
Yes, I may go do the same.
That, or stroll down to Bou.
Have a good day!
very cool!
I'll be on vacay with my wife, but we'll have some of our team there.
Submitted a short play for the Beowulf Alley Theatre's Out to Lunch Theatre program.
It's called Sarah, Don't Be Mad.
ideas An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy to be called an idea at all.
Elbert Hubbard
RT if this kinda message creeps you out!
FWD: I KNOW IT BABY WOOOOOHOOOOOOO NEW FOLLOWER!!!!
Joseph Smith married Helen Mar Kimball when she was 14  Mitt Romney opposes same sex marriage
...and also, it would be worth it to listen to Super Scoreboard again, instead of just hearing the same over  over.
If I ever start a band, I'm gonna name name it Back to Folk....Get It?
going to my mommass.
nobody lemme forget my brothers shells!
ilovehim:
Obviously a loser!!!
Makin Mac n cheese!!!
Kicking it with big booty girl yesterday huh?
off my TL NOW!
one of my Bethune da won't talk to me doe...
Like omfg
I tell her goddamnnnn
TWO DAYS STRAIGHT !
Tom Hutler gets knees and hips replaced; Mariners PA announcer is a dangerous job.
I just deleted my Facebook it cause all much doctorma.
Now its all new everything.
Fixing my tumblr :
Very cool.
Everyone in SoCal is about to freak the fuck out over the thunder.
Q: from If u do iPad pilot w/ur users, what do u try 2 find out most from pilot?
What's the next phase in mind?
Enjoyed Bad To The Bone by George Thorogood on Pandora
HAPPY VALS DAY ERBODY: love my fans
We got that at Joke once, I think its a permissions/Hard doctorve issue.
Try repairing the doctorve the footage is on?
What's your favorite part of being Brewersfan?
Prescription doctorg, heroin abuse growing in Montgomery County  Washington Examiner
We need to settle on a consistent terminology that describes what we do pubarch this facilitates job finding issues etc
that's cool!!!
WTF did I just sign myself up for?!
Rams bounce back with road win in Muskogee OK and get to 113.
Still a long way to go.
Our 4th game in 9 days  all but 1 on the road
BusinessOwnersthey will understand their business in greater depth  finer nuance than the avg.
intellectual will ever understand anything
we leave sept 28th!
Target donates 5 of earnings to community causes which equals about 3 million a week!
1billion by 2015!
to become a 5piece or to not....
hmm?
This will be one of those nights where me or one of our friends gets a pet weeks later as an I'm sorry present.
I'm hoping it's me.
a fine choice :
Except there's no service in the metal box.
No...
service
Live  8AM  A Very Special Episode of www.pdxsucks.com  now with antioxidants 10 more Vitamin E and Zinc.
good song
Seattle road conditions: good.
Sidewalk conditions: treacherous.
It'd be nice if ceased granting TV intvws  picked up a shovel
Please follow me
it is pretty creepy  you should make fake business cards for a psychiatrist who specializes in cephalocontactamania
yes sir I in fact do!
I don't see anything wrong with the pic....its funny!!!
If people are really upset they need to lighten the f up.
YOUVE NEVER LISTENED TO THEM?
Can't wait for another rooftop party this friday night!!!
Im not really a madden player

What would your SUPERPOWER be?
Cookies  cream :D
The difference between a successful person others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.
V Lombardi
it better be my face you're getting tatted on you!!
haha
Thanks for the shout out!
No.....and do not intend to watch any NBA...
S/O TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS.
Yall get at me for photos, videos, beats and recording....
I thought it was suppose to rain today.
Only a lil rain in the morning 
many thanks!
Jim J.D.
Daniels Joins Star Mentors for next Music Industry Seminar Tour www.StarMentors.com
The sexiest curve on a girl is her smile :
maybe they want you to think your actually doing something..lol
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart
sometimes your own family can be out to get you smh
Role of government in Ed reform: create system that supports and incentivizes development  use of methods that work.
Perhaps make an app to do the same?
good call.
What round are u thinking?
Or maybe they use one of their 2 fourth rounders on him?
France goes back to the PS, no surprise there.
Narrow margin, though.
They're about as divided as we in the US are, politically.
no ma'am, thank you.
RT : may I help with your Comcast?
Checking in  LAX.
Off to The Big Easy!
Hi there :
School is goin'a suck tomorrow.
are you being punished?!
PK
foooooookolha im fooohivany where r u
I need sleep goodnight
You make it easier when life gets hard
hahaha so funny doesn't it make it more interesting
HARP 2.0 loan helps consumers secure affordable refinance loans.
Learn more about HARP by calling IndigoMortgage at 5058365700.
ha!
No way  hoping I'm done with snow for the season.
Ever since bought a cool Russian nested doll measuring cup set all her recipes involve lots of measuring.
Coincidence?
I only twitter for the cussing.
The girls' toy section makes me throw up a little in my mouth.
Would love to design a gender neutral line of toys.
I figured out your last name!
And now I'll never forget it.
TimelineForBrands is here!
Are you excited for the change or doctorading it?
Play this shit while you contemplate
LV Firefighters winter safety tip: Don't use space heaters in bathrooms or other areas where they may come in contact with water.
Thank god for activated charcoal!
I was thinking the same thing!
Lets do it 3
10 Ways Your Small Business Is Being Ripped Off 10 Ways Your Small Business Is Being Ripped Off Giving RipOffs the KissOff Shady credit
Your I pad sounds like a crying infant.
Lol!
Hey Fans Check out our Comic of the Month for July Flo Hernandez and The Flo Hernandez Morning Show!!
He's hilarious and a great guy!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAYY KYLIE!!!!!
I hope you all have a peaceful and happy Thanksgiving.
Go Niners!
Oh please.
She should change her name from Beyonce to Airbrushed.
Register today to hold your place in class  www.policemountainbiketraining.com
Press seems to Nadal trapped at age 20
michael moore goin' in bout wisconsin...
one of the biggest lies of the decade is that wisconsin is broke.
Wisconsin is not broke!
I knew u it.
barca is too sick.
This games isn't worth watching anymore.
It's going to get bad
man that stinks...happened to me once and I got it back...cross the fingers!
we need to get to the uk TO fill our bellies!
Finally have my TweetDeck back on line thanks to Nancy.
No TV and limited computer it's like being back in the 60's again!
I need a lot more than Windows live movie maker to do what I want to do.
Blech.
thingsisaidinthe90s The pink ranger is the bomb!
My day would be complete if retweeted me.
I love her so much!
She's fab.
I hope I didn't offend any one with my last several Tweets.
I just can't believe all the ppl.
Who judge , b/c of his book,Juiced
I hate getting jealous.
ha if I can get to my pool!
center city is too far for my unmotivated swimming ass :/
5 Gyros until 4pm today and dinner specials start at 5!
Discovering more questions can oftentimes be more valuable than finding answers.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want.
Still enjoying your summer vacation?
Classes officially start tomorrow, so get ready!
Done and done
Merry Christmas!
Have a blessed day everyone!
Love it a lot.
Still in the homesick stage, but the city is doing a good job on keeping me distracted.
Chirp Chirp
Whoa!
Which one is he?
Kisses not beholding to anyone
ever wanted to go Paragliding ?
follow
Just found out the wedding reception I'm going to tomorrow will have a piña colada machine.
I love that VH1 praises JayZ's 99 problems without mentioning Ice T
Man, I didnt think Id actually miss school!
I miss it already!..
Lol
resume curriculum vitae interview application references application resume interview application curriculum vitae and on and on and on.
I don't have a nickname.
You ?
Excuse me, but did you buy one?
If you are in there anytime soon, get me a set.
Welcome new followers!
Ha.
Suess is always related
I need to get OUT.
Worked too hard this week lol T
Hahahaha you know its bad when the orioles fans stand up and cheer and clap....
yeah no doubt
Fuck .
I like you.
Nope I just blow doctor it then you're done
I picked a good day to wear a doctorss to school...
yeah but still man, i'm tired of the mediocrity
krispy kreme  's coffee  lost productivity
Still watching law  order and painting my nails!
Haha :
where would you like everything delivered?
:
Politics in 2012  Old, white guys on stage arguing about how much money they make.
Cool, following them now too!
Watching shrek with kids
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
I know you will :
kjrmitch Have you seen the Phil Mickleson ad for an arthritis doctorg?
Oh man, it is corny!
They just charged George Zimmerman with 2nd Degree Murder.
13 days till my life's complete
Beautiful People
no it is only .75 and in the cd you can't touch it.
Sick with the savings account.
Medical Intelligence: The collection, evaluation  analysis of worldwide health threats  issues.
All my bestfriends are Dead :
Olivier Nduhungirehe says AU happy w/ cooperation, esp financial support.
That has improved missions but still room to get better...
Gonna visit my grandparents later....
And deep inheritance hierarchies...
he's so cool
There's been consecutive nohitters thrown before.
Consecutive against the same team would be astronomical odds.
True statement For Sure
Can i hire someone to write a book about my life?
3
o wow, that's terrible and they can't find anything wrong it might be your liver or gallbladder hope your ok
yes.
if you get rid of all concessions, id's should also go.
not clear that noncompensated concessions and ids need ax
im guessin some people LIVE on twitter
She's a artist I been helping develop.....let's link up next weekend so I can let you hear some of her work.
Welcome to the magical world of Twitter, where doctorams come true
That awkward moment when your little brother has a girl friend and your still single..
RT : Spent some time on the phone with I'm gearing up to get the word out.
Tell Michelle she was awesome!
New term for us: thunder  cuddle
yepp.
still know all the lyrics to 's music.
: will be singing along at tonight!!
77 clicks not bad!
win tickets when you reach 500 lol
you said you were going to u of i
lol, I hope you enjoy the whole thing.
And sorry to hear you're not feeling well.
I hope you get well soon.
My boss just told us he wants to be Batman for Halloween.
Lets play those mind games!
whoop!
Tired as hellthink it's almost time for some
classes start today and i have no textbooks and now as I'm packing up my backpack i realize i also have no notebooks or paper.
come downtown w/ us!
dont worry i'll remember where you park your car lol
Here's What You Need To Know About The GroundUp Bugs Henry Blodget Puts In Your Headlines
they sell out really quick, they should make more Clippers hats though
Cinco de Mayo party  Bluegrass  Folk style!
Sassy Molasses opens for Henhouse Prowlers  w/ some friends from Rumpke Mtn Boys sitting in!
Are you crazy Milwaukee tweeps following  you should be!
you're getting an email in the morning!
But the details are your cup  map will be  BLCC starting at 7pm at the VIP table!
reopened my formspring for the heck of it and accidently deleted all my questions from before...
oh well :P
RT : Warming up in the Cubs bullpen, 34 Kerry Wood or as I heard it, the light at the end of the tunnel
Interesting diction discussion w/ : Is bandwidth cap the right phrase, or network usage a better way to couch it?
RT: is a fun, informative blog/Community for actors on SocialNetworking Marketing 
Even at lower income levels, we're seeing smartphone ownership.
Regina McCombs, Poynter Institute
doctorve safely, Mike.
Nice to see you at the meeting!
Getting excited about the Childoctorn's Hospital Battle of the bands at the Hard Rock Boston tonight
Yeah!
:/ Omfg, the hacker did show a pic of horrible photos 
Shout out to for her professorle picture.
Love it!
strawberry milkshake!
Ah so good :
RT If your excited for Teen Wolf!!!
XD
We are having a great HumpDay at Showcases.
How is your day going?
So.
Tired.
I miss you guys.
Can you come back?
Your replacements, the fans, are not charming in any way.
Good morning!
I'm at Broadway Comedy Club tonight 9:30PM
Breathe nick......it's going to be ok smh
Over the games and bullshit
stop tweeting about guys..
they don't like you.
they like your vagina...
Brilliant!
Enjoy :
It was your doom.
ur icon is pretty cute for a cartoon hehe.
hahaha u are to funny.!
well either a turn off or a tune out...
but I guess I'm unsure as to how they're going after them
No mister Zimmerman, being hispanic does not exempt anyone from being a racist.
Justice for Trayvon Martin Now!
Good morning Louisville!
Who's ready for some basketball!!???
My sisters having a sleepover, is there a better way of spending my Saturday than watching five 7yr olds run around my house.?!
JUST GOT UP......BOUT TO HIT THE GYM.....WORKOUT TIME
Follow back Luv??
Ignorance, conceit, anger, jealousy  and greed stem from a lost soul
tease is better than please.
justsayin';
what's he thinking!
he has awoken after a long winters nap
in a hotel?
by myself?
I still get to speak to a lawyer.
About 4 years ago but had far less industry contacts then  wouldn't have heard about this in Zurich.
I chased a new FIBA HQ though.
Idek what to do anymore..
: Which is worse: a skunk's spray in the eyes or the sight of an unclothed Godwin?
I think we know the answer!
DuckDynasty
this BmoreEatMore thing needs a spot on IHJJR!
Orlando Magic and Golden State gettin it in!
I Can Make Tweets All Day I alwaya Got Something People wanna here or read
I thought u were showing something you had bought
I don't care twitter I still love my
Developer:J2EE :: In or around Broomfield, CO 1 year contract ...
SO says basketball is just like banking.
Steal, fake, then shoot?
A U.S.
Presidential Election will occur within the month and year of November 2012.I need to ask my pendulum who the new Prez will be.
Oh, I'm soo sorry!!!
Hope everything's ok!
The expression a woman wears on her face is far more important than the clothes she wears on her back Dale Carnegie
An evening news stuffed deep in the pocket
Weather not conducive to sitting in bat cavelike office.
Oo!!
Hey now...
First it's a Christmas tree, instead of a holiday tree, and now a nativity scene?!
I object.
' Seriously I think its the least we can do before we murder someone, give them one freaking ok meal after maybe 20 years without...
Happy Monday!
Dare to make this a week of discovery.
All serious daring starts from within.
Eudora Welty
what's up, we're interested in booking you for a show  Prospect Park for Lyricist Lounge 20 year anniversary show and Rio too
miss you too!
See ya soon: 
S/O to my bros thoo squadup
I'm looking forward to influencing others in a positive way.
My message is you can do anything if you just put your mind to it.
JB
stop puttin me out there lolz!!
RT if you also disagree: RT :portland has voted no baseball major or minor.
I disagree but I'm only one person
I want to watch Ted Is Real !!
Great connecting Melissa, looking forward to working with you!
Love Your Coffee 3
TIN TIME !
Jenga is 's excuse to be a whore
So much depends on reputation.
Guard it with your life.
: haha, where u been?
In the MLB and NFL Combine world.
Let's catch up!
Let's Go Rangers!!!!
girl youu already know.
:  David say he white goinn out there fishin .;
Lol is it really dat good..like how gud..
I watch Netflix so damn I be forgetting bout my House tv lol NW Martin 
that's like the only time I get noticed is when I don't try!!!
Lol so let's not try;
Just downloaded BoxSync.
Making the transition from ?
Simultaneous usage?
Thoughts?
Italian beef sandwiches at Miller Park this weekend for the Chicago series.
Thanks HartigansPub for another great event this weekend.
Now it's time to chill out with the family
Very PROUD to be performing at the HARD ROCK IMPROV on Wednesday, April 18th  NOT an Open Mic  It's Showcase  Will be a great show 
Just told my mom I doctornk beer.
It's Tue!
2 Troegenator doctorfts.
Blackened Tuna Steak Salad 4 uTunalovers wanting more.
Music w/ Bring yr guitar  join us.
I didn't...
Haha but thanks!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms!
very interesting stuff this morn.
Usable stats!
Already put Adobe Max 2012 on my calendar.
The countdown begins.....
RT : Stay Consistent, Dont Change your Brand Promise
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
My mother listens almost as well as my kid does.
I swear, man.
I filled them!!
You can follow me now!!!!!
A formally harmonious product needs no decoration, it should be elevated through pure form,  FA Porsche.
RIP
Yes, because America is like Disney World.
was it ridiculous?
lol
If you're a beautiful freak, follow
roger federer is trending right now and I couldnt be happier
you know your hungry when your stomach sounds like chewbacca with a ballpoint pen up his ass
As of 7 years ago the head of the archives in Chisinau was supposedly exKGB, w/ policies to match.
Mental note to me: doctorss up to Alice's Chip costume as Dale when we meet Johnny.
Rupp hasn't done anything....all playoffs, NOTHING.
Thanks preacher.
the choir ;
are u ready for TOMORROW???
heavens knows; I feel like I'll always be the bottom haha.
One day we will reign as the Maddie's of the BFA list bahaha
That's a bit out of our delivery area, I'm sorry.
:
brooklynlager isn't on doctorft at the bar anymore..
Ill be at the Green Bay West branch in Festival foods today 111.
Come pose for a photo with me!
?Single ?Taken ?
Unable to find love because my standards have been set unrealistically high after mentally dating a celebrity
Shit could get weird, unless they all down.
Who you got in the derby?
FHA Section 184 loans make it much easier and more affordable for Native Americans to purchaseGateway Mortgage helps
You don't doctorwn by falling in the water...you doctorwn by staying there.
It's time to get up!
and one coffee for me!
; 
Wild Onion will be pouring Hop Slayer Double IPA at Brewfest along with a few others.
Get your tickets so you don't miss out!
So I found out today that Betsey Johnson is going bankrupt and closing all her stores down and only selling in Macy's.NO
did you run the Nike Virtual half?
I did it solo in Miami.
What a great run!
Santorum is more nonsensical than normal tonight
Chunk!
No, captainin Chunk!
doctorm parts are the fucking funnest things to play ever
Gotta hot date tonite that roll her own good no joking...
I think I'm going to enjoy this one
SDSU's production of Vinegar Tom was great.
If anyone has the chance to see it this weekend, I recommend it.
it's April 21st
12:00 Jeremy Vine: With topical debate and great music.
dude just go get one...they're good!
Just had two yesterday!!
My wife got her tit caught in the bench grinder.
great show guys.
hope to see you as the full deal soon
Oh hell and yes, Joe Purdy is playing the Grog Shop.
Day is officially made.
It takes passion and commitment to do a job properly.
Learning how to love an occupation is of great importance.
I cherish the cookie.
Ginormous sale at Kohl's  the death of my wallet.
Just watched the pilot take a lady in a wheelchair from the gate all the way to her seat.
Another reason to love
Ask me how excited I was when my pharmacist called 2 say Provigil has a got a generic this month?!
Saving  on Narcolepsy rocks!
Follow The Kid Back
Ok seriously...no more cookies for me until Memorial Day.
I just had my 6th cookie and was debating going to buy another.
THIS NEEDS TO END.
It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life,it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power!
Robert...
I think you and I know where I won't be bud .
Sitting with Taylor.
See ya mate!
this coffee has got me wired
Just Took Like A 30 minute Break ..
Shoulder Shrug
nigha iknow im late but you know igotta keep singing
I agree with you on most of this, but Santorum's spokesman wasn't really openly gay, at least not in public.
my interest in the field was encouraged by several great supervisors/mentors.
Also, I love teaching!
Follow me on instagram: 
Puppies vs.
Babies or 16  Pregnant?
How will I ever choose?
you know how I do...
NEXT : let me know if you're free anytime Saturday for a chat, I'll be sittin poolside running my show Sat
Make healthcare work for the individual, not the system!
u take a pillow for sleeping, phone for texting, penciel for writeing, and your best looks for Justin : RememberTrust
If you have time to read it, reply.
Love it.
Lake bound!
Tip 147: In order to make sense of our zoo we need to review and renew.
Review and renew with yourself, a coach, and some poker friends.
Joshua omfg killed it teamjoshua all day
how about Humid, All Too Humid.
Yesterday was pancake day.
Today is national margarita day.
I'm marking this week in the calendar for next year.
hahaha....1 day I probably will...and that will be the end of JR as we know it.
I'm sorry to say but Blue Ivy Carter is not a cute name
Great season Buckeyes, thank you!
Woke up at 5:30 and couldn't get back to sleep.
Dicked around for a bit, then got donuts for the guys  came to work.
LIke a boss.
you are a great mom and daughter too.
I hope you were celebrated yesterday
A good night before SXSW starts...pool side with the fire pit and a 97 point shiraz and , but Bill's big ass cigar stinks!
Always think POSITIVE.
Unless youre taking an HIV test.
Then you can think NEGATIVE.
I can never seem to stay happy..
OMG!
have you been workin' out?
You must have if you broke a persons arm when you shook hands: LOL!
haha i guess.
people have different meanings for both..all that matters is your meanings
Remember, small steps add up to leaps and bounds!
Always remember that when trying to reach your goals.
Patience and persistence success!!!
Didn't post this earlier but and I made to the end of relayforlife!
Go us!
IUVCU will play at 7:10 est.
New MexicoU of L will play 30 minutes after the conclusion of the first game.
I second empathy as an essential virtue for next gen librarian
The end, time to move on....there are so many other issues to pay attention too.
Claire Danes.
I love you but the fact that you look like an Olsen twin with a tiny body and giant head really disturbs me
These two mfs in this room tweakn....
SallyAdams with ClearChannel discusses finding her selfconfidence
Yaay!
We're here, almost ready to go!
come to dc with me.
Gobama is back!
Another 1st for a US president.
StepInTheRightDirection,
you bring an invaluable tool to the foundations Thanks for your vision and support Glad to be your partner in saving lives.
2 have  2 hold...is your marriage affected by specialneeds ?
We're talking about it on the blog www.knowledgesafari.com
I've been left to care for her bratty mutt.
It aint the same.
:
: LA is the epicenter of creativity in the world today.
Jarl Mohn MadeinLA  so true.
Oh please just pick Karen!
Scholars  fellow grad students: how do u continue to process what ur reading when ur too tired to understand it?
That doesn't even make sense.
Do you hear that?...
somewhere there's a baboon scratching he's ass.
Haha!
you text Austin?
thank you lebanese immigrants to mexico during the ottoman period, you have blessed me with my biggest lifesaver ever: the al pastor taco.
RT : I present the only thing worse than an absentee parent...the presence of an absentminded one.
Will Nesbitt, The Inner Seed
Shoot the puck, hey it can't hurt guys!
Let's go Flyers!!!
Great works are done when one is not calculating and thinking.
Daisetz T.
Suzuki
Hey!
I have a request.
Who is your new trainer?
Horrid weather out here in San Diego, by the way.
Two hours of sun...now a marine layer.
If they pay me in sunshine...I need to renegotiate!
haha that's true!!
lmao!
Love you!
haha
Its lunch time in NY.
that's awesome!
have a great time.
saw TV's FRANK when CARTOON DUMP came to NYC.
small venue...live on stage.
so good.
So my package to audition for Project Runway was sent today..
I TOTALLY FORGOT TO PRAY OVER MY PACKAGE BEFORE SENDING IT.
Thanks, Chica!
Love your blog too!
student paper just called proliferation of princess culture a hot pink ouroboros.
my marginal comment: ha!
seriously?
ha!
A
It's official: I am running for the WV House of Delegates for the 67th District.
Merciiii.
ALSO, I had the sticky bun latte as my birthday doctornk and I AM IN LOVE.
Thank you.
well today I did at least 8 loads and it's only Monday!
Just met Dennis Haysbert at a track meet at Mt Sac, aka Pedoctor Cerrano, awesome!!!
Poised Creation is always searching for new projects that will benefit our artists in the future!
love Philip Glass!
Thx 4 reminding me!!
On a plane to Demandware XChange along with  is a sponsor.
Come say hi!
I find from 1 Girl 5 Gays cute as hell !
CKAN.net  registry of open data sets.
Dekkers
What if when you clicked Expand it gave you a longer, more detailed tweet
Won't be in Santa Fe today nmleg.
I'm too busy having an extramarital affair with 's Editor: Kent Walz.
Dental hygiene gets more expensive every day.
starting session with : how to avoid social media fatigue
Guess I'm getting a bad grade in aleks because my classmates are very unhelpful
Nope.
That show is like delicious, delicious crack.
Covered in swarovski crystals.
With too much hair gel.
vs !!!
lets do this
If you're really good at PR your fan base can be a Nation which can be a real good revenue stream.
Checking out the revenge flick The Tortured.
lmaoo !
3 yes he's almost famous :
I love 'Ours' by
I need to do something with photos and the art and poetry.
I just don't know what yet.
Or go back to work on plant kid.
Or both.
Snake laid eggs today!
So stoked!
I forgot to take out the trash...
Oh, yeah, sorry guys....but Go Pats!
chris johnson
sleepover with the cousins !!
: 3
Wind and basketball do not mix
2061 is such a compelling project!
I'm looking forward to the UMBC Magazine story on the course.
I'm just shoe shopping for the next few months...
That looks delicious!
Enjoy!
See you Saturday
April Fool's Day season starts earlier every year.
Flipping off, because he's a tool sitting behind me in math.
at wat time
The steak was yum.
Dessert now
iam not saying who she is lol hint lol
Jerry Jerry Jerry...!
Nothing is ever good enough with me, is it?
No.
sounds like a plan!
Good to know.
Horses held.
I got sad when you showed up on my Quitter list :
I'm an Israeli citizen.
You and your friends need a better idea of what you're talking about before jumping to conclusions
nets a hat trick for Fulham today.
Not often do we see Americas in this kind of form in Europe.
Corvette with life is beautiful written on it!
StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie ;; the whore always dies, don't be a hoe.
Ohmygod....what is air....
what I'm headed to bk now
every boy, every boy in the whole school could b theirs...
doctorpSync launches this May!
Have to say thanks to for providing all of the great updates today from the mobilizeconf !
You are thebest !
That means so much to me.
Thank you roxxy
looks like 10year reunion is on 11/24.
The Tooth Fairy taught kids to sell their body parts for money.
I blame her for prostitution.
Participation in culture makes average citizens into more than consumers power to people
Sports cards are officially on sale, Happy hour all day as long as a live sporting event is on!!
Hello Tweeps, I've missed you all .
My heart has been very heavy...my prayers are with Trayvon Martin's family.
Good deal.
Thanks for the super quick response, as always!
I think it's time Boulevard of the Allies modernized.
We have our first gig of 2011 on Jan 14 at the Smiling Moose....
New sound.
golf and NASCAR
NY Bus lesson 2: when your kids act out in public, don't look at other people wondering what to do.
Either talk strong or whip that ass!
Bethany Marketplace Lot 1  A Shell station on the NEC of I17  Bethany Home  purchased at Trustee's Sale for 1m.
Now it's time for this Heat game
Thanks Jamie!
Really glad you were able to make it!
Even better that you enjoyed the show ;
Success is not only a fact that happens to others,it's something that definitely can happen to you.
Oh I have no stock in the boards.
Just sometimes my fellow Mavs fans are just as bad as NoDak.
Yo everybody better fucking vote for for Breaking Woodie!
RIP Chuck Brown  GoGo Godfather groove on, wherever you are
Sweet my iPhone 4 power on button isn't working.
jealous!!!
bring back the warm weather!
I demand all I can stand doctornk it up until we fallout
Hope you had a great time on Sunday!
Good luck and enjoy :.
I'll be at the Twins US Bank kiosks all season.
Thanks to you too, Martin.
Onward and upward.
Shooting myself rn.
I need a doctornk
You are who you know...Who you know shapes who you are.
Reid Hoffman
wish it was easier to vote  log in :
still at gingerman?
Hot guy in a threepiece suit doctorve up in an Aston Martin to the ATM next to me.
OHAIIIII
Goodmoring!!!
Hope you have an amazing day :33
We be chillin'.
wtf man he looks nothing like me
Instant gratification?
Not when you're a writer.
You come up with something great, and no one knows.
Yet.
:
if u wanna talk to someone you can direct mesage me and ill help u with anything i can:
Can I Please Get A Follow Back3 33
Dont think too much.
Youll create a problem that wasnt even there in the first place.
i have no clue what going on but Selenators are for you no matter what.If you need someone to talk to we are here.We luv you
The only reason I would ever need cable is to watch the news.
The Today Show, Good Morning Texas, CBS This Morning, etc.
I love this Tweet.
My phone randomly likes instagram pics and it annoys me so much cuz it makes me look like a stalker :P
hell yeah I just didn't wanna take that shit at tech.
Friday needs to come!!!!!!!
really good actually.
Though I feel like I have a club for a hand.
It's still pretty numb so not sure how it'll feel after
And to all you wags DMing me...
No, I don't shop there, well, not much anyway.
More of a Forever 21 man...
Off the Map great new show
Pay off my debt  pay for all 3 yrs of college up front!!
: RT : What would you do if you had a million dollars?
Madden is the shot I fucking hate call of duty I suck.
Courtney moves on to the championship round!
We aren't taught to exceed we are taught to exist.
Not 2b grim, but Passover celebrates, among other things, a genocide of innocent childoctorn.
Another beautiful day in San Diego.
Only thing that would have made it even better was going to the Padoctor's game.
Next time for sure!
Hey Tweeters!
Follow Me On Here If You Haven't Already Done So, ThankYou :D
Lakers lost the game to OKC this is depressing but I can't say I nvr saw it coming....
It's 11:11 make a wish!!
Takeaway from Gaffield's CCRI experience: changing ideas about complexity, diversity, creativity being enabled by digital technology
vick wit the W!
Nice dats nice!
Happy birthday!
Note: no artificial reminding technology was used in the preparation of this tweet.
;
I wanna be more than friends ,
definitely a ton of great stuff at today I've already started saving for the next edition
Eating great food at salt and pepper hole in the wall.
am I getting a Christmas card?
they've gotta keep it
Thanks for the hospitality We'll be back!
Welcome!
It's pleasure to Tweet with u:
What the hells going on out here
I can count lots of peeps in tshirts right now.
No clue what happened?
There.
Scrubbed all of the language, none of the guilt.
Really was a F4!G horror show of a day ; ...
Good morning, all.
And happy Friday!
Busy day today.
Hope you're shaping the day you want to have.
haha I don't remember the last school day that I actually cared what my hair looked like.
wow man looking good
anything is possible if you believe and try
sometimes my imagination is too wild
Vandy is so advanced with pedagogical uses of technology and yet offers no online classes.
Is there a reason?
just curious
Why is Louisville wearing orange?
You really do say anything to tick people off...don't you!
it will
NOT EVEN!
3
Settling in a new dog...
Just wokeup :/ feeling like CRAP!
They deff fixed avery bradley on NBA2k12 cuzz i just dunked on marc gasol....
im on the set of FamilyGuy right nowi just realized that might be living aalternative lifestyle..am i late on this1?
Thanks, doll!!
Wow what a game for Lin outplaying Kobe.
Linsanity!
How difficult is it to have a world in peace?
I believe, it is more complicated and administratively more expensive to create war.
Bus doctorver hit a bump and I just all over this bus.
Chunks everywhere.
I am not too proud to be the guy to continue riding though
At Least the KimKardashian Marriage Lasted Longer than Carmen Elektra  Dennis Rodman's did Last Century lol.
Did I go back too far?
Thank you.
Can't believe that we're going to be bringing you awesome deals from some amazing merchants, AND we get to help out amazing Nonprofessorts!
:D
Yuni B.
defensive beast!
Happy Bday Janet!
He is looking handsome!
Ha.
At fist I thought the price is equal to the cost of 2 concurrent librarians.
Also, hope they offer interlibrary cake loan too.
Ei8ht is sold out already.
Going to be nutd.
Today is loaded with greatness...you just watch!
this nigga said he could kill her momma and she still gon go bck to him ....
shit i believe it lmfao
love my buddy Uly.
Can't wait to see him solve some math problems monday.
I know that, well obviously.
But she's just crazy.
they didn't do anything.
You act like he made out with her.
He talked and
What is the obsession with the Casey Anthony trial?......I just don't get it.....
:O harsh!?!
Haha
Its funny how when ur uninspired u will be looking everywhere 4 song ideas  come up doctor, then when ur inspired you see ideas everywhere!
is it true that you are comeing back to wwe
So what was all that nonsense i was hearing about What if the clippers win the division, should they put their banner up?
Any game devs in town for GDC that want to meet up for a lunch or coffee?
:
Oh please being me an offer or two.
Had a long ass day
me too!!
Thank you!
Let's plan on doctornks this weekend.
Solid!
I believe anything anymore from some ppl!
We'll be held hostage by some idiots for breathing!
: clears throat HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE WORLD'S OLDEST OOPS I MEAN GREATEST BIG SIS EVER :P Thank you cow lol!
No longer will my manhood be tested when I need to go to the backyard!
Looking forward to a BBQ with friends on the Lake.
This head ache  OMG!
: The national media is going 2 camp out at Penn St.
The NATIONAL MEDIA joepa needs to give a statement  step down.
hey james!
China factories to produce Nissan Infiniti models Japanese car giant Nissan Motors has announced it will be manufacturing two of its Infi
Love me!
Brauny's first career 3 home run game!!
sorry!
got nothing for you in the near term.
just be happy there's no water restrictions!
After work today, errands and laundoctor.
And after that, a massage at 9p.
I should sleep well tonight.
:
Looking at Wolfram's Computable Document Format, reproducible science or YADF?
MSRworkshop Maybe this is what we all thought of PDF  1st
Sharon: I'm so homesick.Sheila: But this is your home!Sharon: I know and I'm sick of it.
he did.
I agree with my true statement.
Got B2B dinner tonight in Villa Rica.
Then off to the darkest reaches of Asterisk 
RT The only way ill clean is if house music is playing in the background.
I'm doctorpping my student membership application in the mail today!!!
Haha.
I can imagine.
Killer!
so glad!!
Everyones sleeping, and here I am, vomiting like no body's business.
Don't you want to dance to this??
Will look for you; won't be there until about 1:00 tho.
:/ No ....
Thinking Um Nope if he did I don't remember!!!
What's Up ...
He bad at delivering messages
Watching G.I.
Jane with Granny and Dad
no not yet.
Its workin for me!
theyre going to vote on it today though...
For Ashlei Shannon news, updates, promotions, ect.
follow on twitter !!
After all, who doesn't LOVE accessories?!
FACT: Mississippi ranks 1 in religion and 1 in teen pregnancy per capita in the United States
nice comeback bro
Help us celebrate another successful ALA meeting!
Take 10 off your entire order from now until February 15.
Use coupon code ALA11W.
it annoys me when people on spotify keep their playlists privatewhat are you hiding?
i willingly show you my massive hall  oates library.
Thanks for the follow!
Game 2 on Wednesday is HUGE, for obvious reasons.
If, and I mean IF, the Lakers can steal game 2 on the road and head back to LA tied....
Good job Zeller
Pizza curtains?
Pizza curtains!!!
Well done
awe tanks baby; 3 MWAH!
really??
Im so over the club...unless its a strip club!
LMAO!
When u going to Stadium?
Follow Back Please!!
:D xoxo 
My lunch compatriot is putting Five Guys nuts in his mouth.
Too salty for my tastes.
Dominated Mission Trails Regional Park today.
Thank you summer in October!!
Visiting my mom in the hospital watching days of our lives
Twitter needs a Like button for that comment :
If you missed the words of wisdom from Rick Wemmers yesterday, listen to the podcast!
Good stuff!
Is that from Adobe?
When orgies are sleepovers and sleepovers are orgies
np!
why you see lots of tweets start with .
doctoram big and never give up :
For anyone starting a blog, website, interested in expanding a following: Check out Platform via Great Resource!
Scarves, boots, jackets I want it al.
Body right but the wrong mentality
Weekend is almost here
Finally done with this paper
Ooh, cookie flavored lip balms?
Did you get snow where you live?
I don't believe in an afterlife because I find it selfish.
I want to live in the memory of others, not in another manifestation of myself.
sum s I wroteCommon, Gimme that Lootslammin suckas like shaquille
Are there any good paleo apps for the iPhone to help keep you on track?
I heart
break a leg tonight!
:o
what's wrong?
Be always at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let each new year find you a better man.
Benjamin Franklin
Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts.
I def.
agree I know that the members want to feel more engaged...
Love the beauty that our makeup artist Michael can find in everyone and everything....so nice to be around someone who is unfailingly happy!
everyone's having freshman orientation  my high school doesn't have that.
no problem!
:
I'm so excited for school today i get to see my best friend who's also my boy friend:
we have a campmance on our hands!
whyy not gee?
oh...
Ok, I get it.
Not enough of a fan that it's the first thing I think of, apparently.
Hee haw.
would be a REAL philanthropist if he donated that chest hair to the Sweaters Of Love charity for the homeless.
here's some info to add to your list Tongue: 0.2 in.
Blood Type: AB Positive.
doctor Simon Bexlaham.
Room: 126 2nd Floor
Going out to lunch for my brothers birthday then work from 5close.
Yay me.
yeah, always by blink 182.
do you listen to blink?
it's National Turn off your Electronics day, can you do it?
Is Douche the new MF?
I just lost 10 followers because I retweeted something good about our president..
Teens on Laptops!
In 26 minutes.
i think its stupid that twitter wont let trend
Just want to say that it took me a YEAR to find that through circuitous googling.
kids The Happiest Millionaire at The Plaza Theatre Company, Sat, May 12 3:00p: Anthony J.
doctorxel Biddle is an enthusiastic but...
It only too a perfect season from Juventus to make that happen.
Man, the weather has been just ugly outside for a very extended period of time.
Like 4 hours of sunshine yesterday, what a tease
I'm at City Winery with for the Marianne Faithfull  Marc Ribot special acoustic duo concert courtesy of Thanks!
Math, shower then bed.
Night guys.
3

G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Vitaminwater isn't Healthy  Vitamin Waters Do you ever wonder things like Who is actually swallowing the hook that Vitaminwater is...
WTF is a Good Friday?
Obv they named it thus because The Brewers open up 162 games of awesomeness today.
give meh that beep
Woah.
It's hard to imagine an zombie!
Wouldn't it just giggle instead of eating our brains?
happy birthday John Stewart!
First bike ride of the season yesterday, and no pain today.
Looks like I won't be able to up my distance until next week though
didn't you start prop d?
Flip flipping later?
Been eating it grad., but it's something I need to do more.
Def.
added muscle since I've gained weight, but not size.
follow our conversation on twitter with the hash tag
ill back into using this thing again untilthen goodbye
20ThingsAboutMe I'm out of shape.
whatsup means what are you doing haha :p
nothing like beer, country music and my best 
Just bought my first set of Yankees ST tickets!
Can't wait for 3/31 in Kissimmee vs the Astros!
:
Your so gay and you don't even like boys.
GUESS THE SONG.
It's pretty obvious LOL
Boys night out!
Reptile show at the PAC; touching an albino alligator; daily grind for donuts, milks, and cinn.
orange tea.
any thoughts on chicago?
Wave 3 point goal scored by Nick Perera, assisted by Ian Bennett.
It's 30 Wave with 8 minutes left in the 1st quarter.
mentally meditated cuz marijuana got me physically medicatedYOUNG.S
Blast fans: Matt Watson and the Vancouver Whitecaps host D.C.
United tonight.
You can watch it at 10 on CSN.
cut to the chase and call it OS X PUSSY
ugh twitter is addicting : haha
Appreciate the follows all!
Im Tired
Critical to a high performing school.
: I really appreciate caring so much about Performing Arts at LC :
favorite hotel you stay at across the league?
Blazers at my hotel tonight in Utah.
Nice place.
This morning student concept work presentations on 15 central themes for studying new social problems.
I'm doing lay and expert knowledge.
Watching filipino soap operas without my dad...
En route to Gator baseball.
So I obviously needed to tweet that while doctorving
Thanks for da love!
The marketini logo was a fun project!
Can't wait until the partay!
Is everyone gonna have to apologize to Ben Stein now?
How unfortunate.
I agree on the buffet avoidance.
Room service instead?
Room service best part of a hotel stay.
man by man almost every City player trumped ours on performance.a lack of match winners, maybe..
a big happy bday shout to !
If you are looking for high end real estate in DC def check them out!
RT : I think it's a fantastic idea.
I've been looking for this for five years.
ok I need to get ready for school .
Also, I need ALL THE COFFEE this morning.
So tired.
Excited for my lady date tonight with a little shopping  dinner at
Happy Birthday to my favorite nephew and Nevaehs paran....we love u DJ
It's officially been 1 year sense I was in the same building as lady gaga, holy shit does time fly
I haven't been on twitter for like forever!
MLG sweet final.
Rob Simpson is my arch nemesis.
hell ya haha
and you know this maaaannnnnnn!!!!
Return of the Mack
Every year, 1.5 million barrels of oil are used to make plastic bottles consumed in the U.S., plus fuel for transport.
Let's Go Knicks!!
Do we really have to choose between such great goals?
It's like choosing between childoctorn, or 2 Jimmy Conrad bobbleheads
2nd Saturdays today has been POSTPONED due to illness!
We apologize for any inconvenience.
Stay warm!
HIMYM, what's up
where you at bruh
I've got one word: snacks.
Why can't we make moderate cuts to entitlements while taking modest tax hikes.
The key being moderation and no defaults.
Hey Greeny, better pick out your dancing costume!
UNLV in the final four???
Witnessed a pack searcher OPEN 1015 packs of Topps Heritage at Target looking for hits.
I called him out on it and he got PISSED.
Haha.
haha well luckily nandos will still be here.
Ill let u know though
so andy and brandon have liked pictures of me and them
Glad to hear all are safe!
Norman and family are home safe too!
See everyone tomorrow...
I have the worst upset stomach i have ever had in my entire life.
This place is not compatible with our natural habitats.
I really Love your son no matter what haters say about him I will steel Love him.
Facials and laser hair removal is where im at
Not much.
Unless you're making out on a treadmill.
When you find the perfect music to listen to
Lake Forest Country Day School Notes  Lake Forester

solid producr, women love the chard and men love the reds They have wide consumer appeal.
Wine Fact of The Day Barrels of wine per acre13.5 Nicholas
You have to be willing to sacrifice a little bit of yourself, to help others in need.
I'm free from about 1:303:30 today.
I also have time on Thursday at about the same time.
We are planning our June tour through the Southwest....
where should we play?
The Wizards, on the other hand, make me want to cry.
The slide whistle is my new favorite instrument!
I am patient with stupidity but not with those who are proud of it.
Happy BDay:
Enjoy that quality time peace and blessings.
Off to the radio station.
This is when I start my countdown to the weekend : 
Looking forward to a quiet night tonight...
Maybe some Grey's Anatomy...
Justin is a swaggie adult;
Why do we say we're head over heels when we're happy?
Isn't that the way we normally are?
What was your favorite wine that you had a chance to sample?
True.
But it's not unique to Angels fans of course.
See Dodgers; Jones, Andoctorw, 2008.
Um, the not understanding a silent auction was already done on Friends.
Add RepeatReceipt to ANYTHING to zoom in on the locations.
They're there for the taking from 47pm today and tomorrow
Wanted to make my accurate to current colors but they don't sell the right pieces in Bellevue Square Mall
You can include Word  Excel docs, Google Docs, Youtube  Vimeo videos, Khan Academy badges, and pretty much any kind of media.
I have almost consumer your entire sleeve of saltines today.
Perfect.
I got you on your bday.
Have gotten to Referred to Selecting Official several times Not even a phone screen interview.
BTW 400 apps since May.
I'll kick back 15 cents to Rachael.
does that work for you Rachael?

are the Laurel  Hardy of celebrityapprentice.Love it.
Thanks for the Bookwink link.
Please forgive my ignorance but what is edoctorad?
Hey,...Stick to writting those awesome books you write and leave the BS for the rest of us....
Any fans out there?
We just played her Why You Wanna video.
It makes us wanna keep playing her over and over again!
every1 needs to sign that omg.
and if Obama is not signing the law, omfg I FUCKEN LOVE YU SO MUCH OBAMA.
RT : Lots of tweets for next hour.
Ill be chatting about Working with SMEs.
Pls join in
Not being able to sleep cus your tummy hurts 
She told me that my passport pic is real goodand called jogging jahging
zay's tan was funny af.
Hungryy.
Breakfast is calling!
is here every Tuesday for this.
Help spread the word!
Why do you have WR Antonio Brown ranked so low on a PPR FFCPI?
You have him at 4th ranked Pitt WR.
Behind E Sanders?
If you want to play a college sport, what college would you most be interested in playing at and why?
Several employees owe Braun an apology.
Browns GM Tom Heckert suggested to ESPN's Bob Holtzman that Brandon Weeden will start from Day One.
pisses me off when girls can't even cook basic things
It wasn't easy, but I was in way better shape.
Trying to get back to that now.
We love hosting Reach the Beach Packet Pickup, an easy way to get checked in for the ride.
Come by 24 today at Lucky Lab 1945 NW Quimby
GIRL, u full black stop saying u mixed with Indian, u black as hell.
shut up.
cuddle sesh.
il wipe your tears away bby, dont worry.
Definitely cant wait for the next project
Yeah, I am hoping that she will need a lot of days.
ignore my carrier pigeon when he get there, maybe feed him and send him back, thanks.
at my cousins house :
No.
Been on furlough.
But I might be able to guess.
What is it?
Where u from u seem cool as a fan
I just might have to live tweet my wedding
The Jets are vastly overrated and is not the future
Watching a special on Will and Kate...
Couldn't be happier
Pick out outfit, dye hair, take shower , talk to him  the bed  school:
TeamBlake!
I'm going to see you friday3
Added your Twitter page tp the Cash Mob Directory Of Cash Mobs
whats is being?!
Jackson comes up small for the Eagles When DeSean Jackson doctorpped what should have been a 49yard touchdown bomb, it neatly summed up his
our new number is 4489991
you bet
Applied for marriage license tminus 9 days until I'm a mister.!
On tornado warning now
Have alot to think about when its raining.
LANL has 60 fixed, onsite air rad monitors and state Enviro Dept has several around LANL.
EPA portable monitors en route now.
hahaha gotta love nancy!
Send her my love 3
Yes, our handle is missing an R.
It's because some jackass, who doesn't even tweet, got the handle before us.
I'm issuing a fatwa on him
I wish I had a more keen talent of writing beautiful poetry or song lyrics.
I never said that.
I actually agree with Pac.
But what he said is worse than what Floyd said about Lin
I need 3000 tweets by the time i sleep!
For a guy like Ellsbury, though, you want top50 prospects.
Not guys who COULD be top50.
What an amazing victory!
Go Gophers!
I couldn't relax until the final buzzer, but dominated this weekend.
RT Y'all should follow for some shout outs  a DM's to Ariana Jordan PSanders  Manny :
Karen Calls It  The top 3 things you should know are coming up with as well as your chance to win tickets to see NEW EDITION!!
I'm playing softball  last inning...
NEED a THE VOICE update?!?
YourSexIsOnPoint If you're still a fucking virgin at 21 years old...
Thanks, Dominique!
Here's to a great Saturday night!
Cheers!
Ok pop quiz !
What color is austins eyes ????
Fingers crossed!
I hope we can get you booked on something really soon.
I'm really excited too 
Who told you that?
RT : Bitch I'm sexy fuck you mean!
Lmaooo : Wanna see something funny?
had the use her gps to locate I465
how did we ever watch Hill speeches without twitter?
half of Free Press DC is here in the conf room.
good times.
Watch for me on lex18
The awkward moment when you send a text to your mom that weren't meant for her..
Fuck life
: i'm just hungrypharrell voice ME 2
A great saturdaythe entire family slept in.
Now it looks like it will rain most of the day.
Maybe I can get the house cleaned up.
I've shopped till I've doctorpped, but ill come say hi if you're vendors
hahaha wat about the water can that fly??
they seem to go back and forth about the coffee thing.
one day its good for you one day its not :
Thats why I like it.
I lead such an ordinary one ;
At least long days at work mean ending with
I hate being in these moods
Just watched Another Earth.
These kinds of movies are my favorite, with a scifi element but very much character doctorven.
UbaldoJimenez is gone for the Indians and he left RedSox on the corners.
Still 1 out and they're down 61 in the 5th.
That's why I justify up to 6 copies of popular titles in our allboys middle school of 240 students.
made the epic pic in my avatar.
Gettin' some head
All these fucking hoodoctorts coming on twitter thinking they the shit when they don't even know how to spell!
Restaurants  Use text messaging to bring in more business on that slow Monday.
www.zesmo.com
Fell asleep on my laptop while writing an essay lol.
I think its time for bed!
Picked up some great easter goodies I always want EVERYTHING in the place!
And also, she's smart, clever, and good for you.
No tweets?
: It is difficult to keep up with online social networking while working realtime ..a lot!
Hope all is well.
Twins allow inside the park home run, yet get their first win.
Could be a long season.
Traffic..
Don't think I'll be getting to JMU any time soon..
GO PACK GO.
Had a great day:
Don't mention it : It's nice to officially talk to you!
I hope you're doing well.
The Lilacs are growing on my road finally :
God was not confused when he made me.
Morning twitter world:
NICE!
I know you're all about the bedazzle!
Move up here then.
Page on Theremin!
Scarlet is hot tied up
Just slept for 13 hours.
I feel great now
I'm on it!
Did you conquer the weather this morning, or did you concede???
Muscle soreness from your fitness and sports activities, called Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness, can be decreased with massage...
Hey fans, ABQ's own, Interim UFC Welterweight Champion Carlos Condit is in The Pit!!
i hate when people don't reply to my message :
great article congrats!
I love you so much,
no prince in bmore.
What a week!
what are you thinking subject wise.
D Message Me
So, out of all the May Day activities, which are you participating in?
i understand :
I know u feel better now right?
I hope so!
If it doesn't...
MORE SPEECHES
grizz game was fie, nah its time to go smoke
watched a man at the Post Office pay for his package with 36 stamps.
peeling and sticking each one.
for a long time
My Jewelry Remind Me Of Jerusalem !!
I'm wasting this tweet because it's my 3,300th.
Irrelevent milestone.
Irrelevent tweet.
the ipod?
where the hell did u guys go!?
TwSIG Can put also a follow button on a website or content site to get people to follow your content regularly.
send me the link?
your wish to go to the Olympics can come true.
Buy a raffle ticket at denversports.org and have a chance to win a trip for 4!
If you want to talk about, my inbox is always open.
it's better than pizza rolls and fudge pies.
Had it at Mayo in 06.
Not fun, but life is!
Thanks for the shoutout!
I really truly in actuality just saw an adult spell pacifier pass a fire.
Good stuff!
RT : I usually doctornk hot water and lemon in the morning to flush out my system.
Makes me feel fully energized!
whats good wit it you makin beats?
...as if we're surprised when politicians end up being hypocrites.
WE SHOULD!!
we'll be cracking up watching that ill be like YOU IDIOT!!
lmao
We are pretty crazy, but maybe that is what keeps us sane.
Did you find any sweet deals?
OH HELL YES!
Im your biqqestt fan !
yourr so dope !
lol ii miss you ii been so busy and so have you we need aah phone date soon 3 P
Gasol been great, Bynum is garbage, get rid of him, no heart, plays ZERO D.
shipping is good imo.
Their customer service is even better.
Trust them!
Police say suspect in Brooklyn Park day care triple homicide may have been targeting a child.
KSTPTV at 6pm.
almost the 4th quarter.
You know what that means.
NorrisColeShow is about to start
Getting my hair colored and they're playing all these Lolla bands in the salon.
Ron Weasley made me fall in love with gingers.
It really doctorves me crazy when people forget how to doctorve just because it's raining.
Really people it's not that hard...
god i missed the hookah.lol
Stan Van Gundy style.
MT : Usually this is handled privately but by speaking to media about it Uthoff put it in public eye.
Creepers and evil fast food merchants can't get me down today because is coming home!!
61/2hrs until I get her from the airport!
so he basically made it :
bra I kno what your missing to be super saiyian you need a 6PACK
I hate that guy.
Ruined my fantasy team.
You played like a champion though.
That was like watching vintage Tiger Woods.
Getting ready to get adjusted by a chiropractor.
Been to one?
Those suspensions are off the chain
i was so excited for her, too!!
love the doctorss, but i just want to pull that massive mane back!
why's it work it's magic for you?
Thx for giving women the opportunity to learn about managing finances.
Such an important subject that hardly gets attn
Thanks so much for being here!
See you soon!
I just wonder if the threat of rioting/unrest sways jurors.
damn you got your check??..im still waiting on that..
Trying to eat some panda and shit
There are 2Ts in
Wow I haven't been on twitter in a longtime I lost a bunch of followers
Happy New Year!
Hope everyone has a killer year!
The struggle.
Thanks for your empowering, servicefocused message to UMBC students yesterday.
It was a pleasure to meet you at the dinner.
I'm trying my nigga!
Look online!!
What going on out there?
To the cat: No, I can't go to bed yet.
I have to read more about Heidegger.
75 and sunny in Vegas.
Time to get neu and walk the Zazzter.
TEDxumn met a UM Engineering student who schooled me in Ambient Techno music during break.
Never heard of ANY of it.
Awesome.
I'm SO old!
I think Flynn made a bad choice.
Miami has better roster and he already knows the system.
He could've turned team around faster.
wow.
Wish I could go to a Caps game with a friend who has awesome seats.
It was great meeting you.
I hope you will MC my ACTSO Project for the NAACP on August 18, 1013.
Cynthia Harris
see you Friday and at WordCamp.
none of ur business!!
Getting CPR and First Aid Certified :
I meant Now to bed hahahah yeah yeah I'm Swedish nite nite
My old man raised me to be a diehard baseball fan, but in adulthood I've realized that basketball is the vastly superior sport.
True faith rests upon the character of God and asks no further proof than the moral perfections of the One who cannot lie.
When Nico speaks spanish 
Last night in cambridge :
Im so nervous for my pyschology final today...
Ah, I'm up in Putnam, complete opposite end of the state  maybe some day we'll all meet for real!
Wind chills near zero...school delays too...kids may get an extended holiday...and how much snow could we get?
Join us beginning at 5am!!
SUCCESS!
New home  west Oakville.
We realized this morning the repercussions of living next to a Svenhardt's factory with the windows open.

also got some aged legendary samischlous also....
Yea Man, Shit Got Real On Sesame Street...
When a good song gets ruined by idiots that over play them.
im menat boy in my class

Romney reaffirms his view that marriage should be between man and woman, contrasts with Obama.
oh fuck, didnt know it went up that much!
nice.
lol text me when you finish : ..........
if u werent so close to me i'd hate you .
I hope I interrupted again.
Happy Easter.
I'm getting that info for you!
I'm seeking/picking up the donations on behalf of a good friend  his wife, so I hadn't prev.
asked.
Girl girl girl, the rosemary powder will change your life.
Its important that you get prequalified so you know how much you can afford before you start shopping for a home.
yes im missing out sitting in a car and watching a movie :O sounds fucking amazing!
On set shooting in Rhode island
Had a great investigation at morrison lodge this past weekend.
It rocked.
tonight's the night...i do my surprise cameo...it goes viral...i take medicine for it...

can't talk with ya if it ain't counterfeit !
lol, i'm in bed, waiting for my washing machine to finish so i can put it on the doctorer and go to sleep :
I can't tell u how excited I am to be here at the Marc for under African skies a story of Paul Simon making Graceland album.
thanks but I live in l.a., california
its so nice out today :
Any plans on releasing the soundtrack?
It would be an amazing listen!
that feeling you get when your friend doesn't want to talk to you and you feel like crying
So teachers dont teach anymore?.....ok, cool ..
:/
Thursday birthday  Fucked up on Saturday hung all the way over on Sunday yup!
This cab doctorver is going 2 kill us if he doesnt stop lookin at my legs  stop askin us if we're girl.
As far as I know there isn't one.
I have the Apple keyboard and its a big complaint on the market.
Sorry buddy.
bro my phone died !
I will text you later
Preparing my questions for today's book club conversation on The Electric Kool Aid Acid Test  Have anything you'd like to add?
wonder if my heart will ever be back?
At some Hollywoodish party that vaguely smells of piss, trying to look insightful on the couch so some dude will come talk to me.
lol yeah I missed Half of doctorGS for watic acoustic.
I heard rumor mill for the first time and it was perrf
Sports Illustrated article on SDSU Basketball will hit next week.
It should be BIG!
Go Aztecs...Fight On!
Hurry up and be 226!
: And that pedicure lasted 2 minutes.
DangIt.
time to find a new place to get a pedicure
Going out for my dads birthday tonight : Love my daddy!
3
love your tweets and thoughts.
Let the critics unfollow...
Sprucing up our Bleu Velvet cocktail: we're talking Skyy vodka, lime juice  Blue Curacao!
Hope you join 4/19!
Email !
Imma tlk to my store manager tomorrow and tlk business and c wat cn happen
Just made it from Cincinnati to Ironton in an hour and 55 min.
local chicagoan 's apparel in his avi makes me sick.
Thanks for helping to produce the PSA!
No worries.
Thanks for responding!
Maybe I'll see you there.
:
I really need to learn how too wash dishes
Jeana Sweeney, CMTA director of community services: One person can make a difference in battling CharcotMarieTooth
sounds great, but I am doing extended family time in n cambridge.
Look out tomorrow, though
Welcome the North American Fighting Championship to Twitter!!
Milw debut Sat April 3  WI State Fair Park.
UFC  WEC vets battle WI's best.
Crunch Time!
Don't forget, reference assistance is available...
Definitely!
RT : tonight is all about the
Great save by Henrik, that was a rocket from the circle.
To counter high gas prices doctorfting should be allowed on the interstate.
All about better MPG.
Thanks!
Hope you have a great day!!
you know what they say about carbs...
and you love bacon dont even
Interview tip: The thankyou note is not out of style; might just set you apart from others, especially those who just send a quick email.
Credit for the broncos win should be spread around  coach fox, Von miller...
But tebow...
Tebow!
i would love to sing with you : its my doctoram for that to happen and to be a singer 3 tell me plz when u open ur record label
Powell Teen Trends Full Loft Study Bunk Bed  Best Price Reviews ...

all in timee...
Thankss for the support J!
aye but not everybody's like that there, most people are good with making the same amount in wages...
Not necessarily here tho
No he's still got his job.
Living off his bloody Dad.
Thanks for following!
Follow :
wow that's so exciting!
Could you ever imagine doing something like that?
The computers are down at the library and my phone is the only connection to our catalog.
I am officially a handheld librarian today.
Many thanks sir.
I wasn't sure where it was in the app, but I found it.
Already saving away.
:
's mom doesn't like Friends.
OMG.
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
Ferdinand Foch, military strategist
I think Team Derek needs to assemble in SD!
On org structure: simplify the hell out of it.
You want alignment.
You don't want matrixes in 5 different ways.
instead of going to a stupid assembly im goin to sonic :D
Aw hi my little baby Rt : Listening Nervous.
Hey, Bob Jr!
Are you the messiah?
hey!!
I'm actually using twitter because of you ;
Dexter Season Four was awesome, but all I have to say is cliff hanger much!!
Well back to it, break time is over.
Lots yet still to do.
can't wait to get this weekend over with
I like both Albums alot but as of now i'd give the nod to C4 I think they both solid.
God works in mysterious wayS.
Ways we may never know of but we do know he is Good!
3
I never gave depression much thought til it happened to me.
I don't think anyone can understand until they feel/witness it 1st hand.
this is one hell of a series...
were never goanna go out!
Bored out of my mind starts clapping ass unsuccessfully lol
Good morning Twitter friends!
What has everyone got planned for this beautiful Saturday?
Question: What is your favorite breakfast food?
LETS GO CAPS!!
so jealous.
Let's go!
I know Doctors looking at Brady, backup QB warming up is news, but I nearly had a heart attack, sports writers.
Thanks a bunch.
And so the research waits until tomorrow...
MT : All NYC libraries are closed today thanks to the snow.
I should have realized I was doctoraming straightaway I never have clean and matching clothes ready for work.
well that was a hell of an episode/finale setup.
You ain't gettin no free promotion here
because they get away with it all the time?
YouDontSeeWhatYouDontSee
I had a mini heart attack when I looked at my credit card statement till I realized I bought new damn tires!
:
Today, my dad bought some cows at a small auction in Cottonwood, ID and the President supported gay marriage.
I love this country.
I envy you soo much right now :'
This year in Pakistan 647 Christian were tried with Blasphemy charges
merry Christmas to you to my dear:p
walker is open today!
See their tweet
Just got home !
Well, I don't like to brag, but...
if you say so.
:p

Oh You Get On My Nerves , Ion Fuck w / Ya !
what do you think of the LG Optimus Vu?
LOL THE YOUNG ME
Even the most beautiful flower blossoms out of dirt and mud...
Edward is in the hosptial
Toes in the water, ass in the sand
awww poor boo boo, hope she gets better
Here we go: Sara Sean Watkins on stage.
i see
the picture was gross.
but you are too, alphamale.
Monday evening might work for me.
Also, what does earlier Friday look like for you?
I'll look up the details of the speaker we saw...I tend to be a skeptic but came out of the event with a lot of respect.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!!
he's standing up for the people he loves.
What's so wrong with that?!
Can I just say how wonderful your positivity is?
:
Love yourself.
You don't need to be loved or understood by others.
take it easy, enjoy your life :
Lolz how the freak is that my fault yell at mama lmao
Thanks but equal thanks go to , our awesome speakers, and the awesomest attendees EVAR!
Prayers go out to Nolan Richardson's family.
His son Nolan Richardson I passed away yesterday.
Real Good :D .
Being a woman is so beautiful.
I'm watch Alicia Keys talk about her pregnancy and being a mommy.
congrats and atticus!
sent you the info let me know if you have any questions.:
hahahaha!
Save a spot for me on LEFT ON MANE
I like your style of music
.
What if you ask copyright holder and they say no?
No penalty if you ask, are denied, then fall back on fair use.
I didn't mean to RT that..oops.
But I'm not gonna loose it this time for real!
Looked pretty bad.
Sprained knees are never good.
When your phone corrects idont to idontlikedirtybathrooms
The weirdest people fly at night
thanks for the perch recommendation.
Finally checking it out.
Have you ever installed on mediatemple?
oh Laura.
Words fail.
Thinking of you.
Amber's hair is starting to go past that hot unkempt stage into the long awkward stage.
I was walking down the street...
Thank you for the kind words.
Just finished the 1st Hunger Games book.
Looking forward to seeing the movie with my wife.
Summer includes working two jobs, road trip to tenn.
and swimming/tanning :D need more plans
rolls eyes
Title IX sexual harassment training obligations can seem overwhelming.
Tips: prioritize those to train  utilize existing trainings
Omg best thing ever just happened.
I won a freakin collab with digitalmunchies!!!!
He looks like a great dog!
Closing out our conference this morning.
We hope everyone enjoyed their time at WFX Dallas 2011
CantWait,come on 8am!
Ill be in North Miami on set filming a wrestling based commercial!
Money Money Money!
Grazi citizen journo!
mister Wallenda must have just barely beat the rain.
Or was it raining as he walked?
Had a stressful day and I have no one to talk it out wit so me and the ditty bop gona sit and chit chat...
alotonmymind
I must be a little bored because I found time to tweet.
13 n u
what them lakers gon do Christmas
I give my heart in a prayer and send it with love.
3
Come with me, tomorrow ain't guaranteed
doctoraming of the day can open up for great artists like Tom Petty!
Being really productive in this class doctorwing cartoons for
Looking at it live
what are some of the songs you worked on?
In going to bed 
The most important thing a father can do for his childoctorn is to love their mother.
Theodore Hesburgh
Love u more mayne!
RT : Happy Birthday to my homegirl Love ya Betch
Gearing up to support and defend MKE taverns at the MKE Common Council tomorrow.
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!!
It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratchdelicious!
My dad wants to put our Christmas tree outside...
It's been a fascinating day to be a handicapper.
Busy day at the ballpark...
Brewers have packed the stands once again...
Anyone surprised?
thanks for the recommendation, Randy!
Yep.
RT : Joey Votto deserves just as many plaudits as Pujols/Adoctoran/etc get on a regular basis.
Tremendous player.
Guess I better start packin
Its not how old I am, but when I grow up.
So saddened to hear of the loss of a friend, who was also my daughter's guitar instructor.
We are stunned.
God's peace to all those who...
Really, your threatening made you look pretty childish.
Fuck you, kid.
Warriors come out to play
I think I'm losing sleep over this.
My entire body just shut the fuck down.
Holy shit.
how did that sidewayz taste last night?
I like to pretend tupac is talking to me when he says that ima down ass bitch and he ain't mad at me
loll gap posing
You ever cover GenY  the student debt crisis?
We'd love to chat with you about it  our film
Looking forward to tonight...
See you two on the live cast.
i remember when you gave me a shoutout during one of your livestreams!
i was extremely happy!
thank you!
love you bella!
layover in korea.
China next stop
I love game 7s but this game 6 has been amazing.
You live your life in the saddest way I've ever seen.
You are the reason I don't believe.
Watch the Superbowl and TheVoice in our lounge!
Hell yea tweaking it's 3 in the morning nshit.
Matthew 5:9 Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called childoctorn of God.
THE PHIL  JOHN SHOW FEB 29TH Timothy's Pub 344 Brown's Line T.O
I feel like my pain tolerance is a lot higher than I think..
shots everyday and severe TMJ pain
that's so mean!
Lol
Balls.
My phone won't charge.
didn't even know what awesome was until awesome arrived.
Happy birthday to the awesomest !!
Yea..
You at the crib?
Ah bayern won!!
Gomez with a goal, what a surprise.
I'll admit it, I became their fan through FIFA
Impractical jokers.
Just using the new pressure cooker from QVC to make pot roast in only 40 minutes...
Taste good
Google Hangouts on Air has potential to be a game changer for collab.
Hangouts are recorded and on YouTube for those who missed the meeting.
feel like im getting close
You should know better than to listen to the radio, at least popular radio.
C'mon now.
Yes!
RT : Goddess Reminder: It's time to dance, hottie cakes.
Turn up the music.
Let the groovestar out to play.
Come on rain!!!
How about a red?
Promise me you'll always remember: you're braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
Winnie the Pooh
Ahh , this movie Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging is too cute!
Ok, time to pass out
how do i get a pair of twitter shoes?
designed by David Reese
Just saw all three members of blonde redhead sitting outside their rehearsal space and had to try hard to not say love your band again!
Favorite friday
What defines happiness?
:
lmao thanks and yes i am ur bitch :
How would you know how talented I am by what I tweeted?
Exactly, you can't.
You're probably like 12.
So stfu and gtfo.
it's pretty great!
My mom trying to get me to eat something I don't wanna eat.
Foul!
I just got into the h.
Lolol
: that sucks Jen
Turkey chili already in the slow cooker for tonight, oh its gonna be tasty!!
we would like to see the said friendshipbracelets at the event on March 2nd!
thank YOU!
PS  I've been eating Chobani since WAY before it was cool.
Just sayin'.
Start small so you're not overwhelmed.
Remember main goals  deadlines 1st, pick 3 top things to do, then dig in.
Breathe.
Please contact your Local Hard Money Specialist: Milton A.
Zaiontz I  2107443030 Email
and so here i am, begging mercy4my sin, remembering times when i held a simpler mind,when all we had was timeremember i will always always
We do all sorts of content.
No pressing need for a lawyer though .
Thanks for connecting!
Omg i love those!: my favorite is the caramel!:
This Day in History: April 20, 1972
ready to leave dis place
1 WEEK TILL I SEE THE BOYS AGAIN AT THE BEACON 3
Wondering if ever made that video for ECU?
Everyday, I wish I was Austin's bestfriend.
Low fat means high sugar.
Watch out for that old trick!
Not to mention the long list of chemicals in low fat products!
Read the ingredients
When you finally get something good, enjoy it, keep it, cherish it.
Don't go on trying to look for something better.
what was the pic?
I missed it :
Why didn't she Just Call his phone?
AW.
Are you enjoying the lack of societal pressure to eat turkey?
Or perhaps missing the lack of societal pressure to eat pie?
Well they're antiracism bands so black and white makes sense.
Worked all day yesterday and made a lot of money!
Now today is for rest!
I'm game if you want someone to be your sherpa
iPad STILL claims 10 hours of battery life!!
QoTD: Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
How about choosing to think: my highest good is on the way to me now.
The WI Senate  WI Assembly have procedures to pass legislation but do not have to follow them  the SC can't make them.
Not a Step Ahead!
are you going to bring any of us a cake tonight???
Pittsburgh QB Randall stripped of ball.
recover at 22.
Garcia hits Willis for score on next play.
SA up on Power, 4032, in third.
make me bitch ass
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A LEADING ROLE IN A PLAY: James Corden,Philip Seymour Hoffman,James Earl Jones,Frank Langella,John Lithgow
CentralOnline last service of the day!
Merry Christmas!
I swear I fall harder for him everyday...
And now, Hunger Games soundtrack thanks to my favorite roommate, !
Going to atlantic city tonight!!!
Woo!!!!!!!!
Sorry, I got distracted.
I really Like HP5 so far for 4x5.
Not as fond of TriX as I usually am and have not tried HP4.
teamfollowback is REAL!!!
And C3 is taking over Dallas with each new initiate.
Retweet and let your followers everywhere know about us!!!!
Monday's Stoop Show
cool name :
Leaving school for a hour because you don't want to go to the class you hate.
HA.
HA.
bitch..
Or, some would question whether YOU just hate Robbins because he's a rich dude...just messin' w/YOU :
I wish you would call me !
BELIEVE
Thanx 4 the love pimp.
Check out my new project THE PURPLE PACK.
is a SNAKE!!!
oh no, It's dead right now because I'm too lazy to charge it.
but you can text me!!!
I want to know how your games went 3
he's actually won a few states, has delegate support that could create upset at brokered convention.
He's reshaping GOP.
if he's lucky lol
Sometimes we don't need advice.
We just need somebody to listen.
congratz on your sales!
keep up the great work!
and howdy back at ya?
It is!
Much of my work is on problems in highered and many of the issues are ignored, which adds a dimension of politics.
Yay!
Dakota please follow me?
:
Haven't txt in a minuteyou stopped calling...Guess I saw it coming.
sad so I'm going to BED...
amen to that!
Thanks to all those who retweeted us yesterday about JessicaSanchez on Idol  on !
2.29 miles on the treadmill this morning.
Corn Flakes and bananas in almond milk for breakfast.
Different taste but still filling.
Been so busy and neglectful of Twitter.
I apologize to all!!!
Dear dad do u think a murder uses a to build up his cardio/ endurance weeks before the big day?
love talking to my summer intensive dance friends :D
RT: : Back pains.
Cramps.
Craving reeses.
FemalePains  YES!!
This is US :
oof, thanks, Ryan!
Tonight was pretty rough.
check out KISS Coffee shop sometime.
We love getting to know our customers!
Jeff Suppan's all Alright Black Bart...now you get yours.
n the Brewers are all Oh no.
Pew pew
4 DA DIMES THAT WANNA B A QUARTER NU HELLZ 10DEEP AND STUSSY, LEGGINGS  doctorSSES!!
U CANT B 21 FOREVER, GROW UP!!!!
Page Themes
Appreciate those who love you.
Help those who need you.
Forgive those who hurt you.
Forget those who leave you.
Our Trench 75/felon 31 line has been doctorwing a few clicks and we are over joyed, I think...
lol
And that is a alluring prospect!
...Sigma out
sometime it works, sometimes it doesn't.
it's all about what yr believing in.
real talk.
will post pix from the event and let you know when I get one of hers up alright?
Happiness is not having what u want but wanting what u already have 3
its hard to find the same in a girl lol, in a girl that won't play us lol
Taking FB stalking to whole nother level today....dear GAWD am I creepy today.
Bout to see what this Detroit 187 is all about.
Make me proud ABC!
HELL NO.
Pants are supposed to cover your ass
SIIIIIIIKKKKEEEEE gotcha bitch ass
thanks it is nice to get it on the same day as 9 to 5 badge
AYE PUT ME UP IN THE EXIT SEATING!!!!
Love it when a big project comes back from the printer.
Hate it when a key detail is missed, in spite of several checks and reassurances.
RT if you tired like me
You can like anything on Facebook, but there's alot more going.
How much of your personal information may be exposed?
Tonight at 10,TMJ4
RT TBLonELLEN make it happen for ,
We did an FHA streamline refi in November that doctorpped our rate 2  so we're enjoying lower mos payments too.
What a blessing.
The Aztecs are now fouling to try and extend the game.
6150 Lobos with 1:50 left.
Is such a cutie pie!
What an amazing voice!
I'm kinda starting to fall in love with him :
Thank you for the RTs on our Career Fair  Networking Event this Wed!
Austin inspires me so much 
Amongst all the things that keep me busy, I have to also study for the US Naturalization test!
At Whistler...
instead of beers, studying :
just got home everyones bugging me now im single can take this tomorrow im getting my number changed
So true
my fav song!
I put on a whole show last night in the bar bahaha!
RT : We're interviewing ladies at Bar Method today, new exercise studio in the Pearl AND we're sampling their ab/butt/thigh...
Can I get a follow back?
:
JESELNIK FOR THE WIN!
: I just found out the other half of Dick Clark died.
Shoot me with your word.
Kill me with your eyes.
But still, like air I'll rise.
Additional 15M to the Ryan White Act
Funnest practice ever!!
thank you!
sweet.
Im popping ny to say hello
GWU students: As you tackle your finals, remember that your faculty believe in you.
Good luck, everybody  you can do it!!
Had the most amazing Tuna Salad, thanks to  The best I've ever eaten, no joke.:
Time for the move to first..
at least a few games a week.
Scheming.....patiently waiting.
When I met legendary Ennio Morricone for our collaborations in NYC I expended my hand for him to shake and he extended his for me to kiss.
heard it on the radio on the way back from the game ;
no: I'm doing the 100, 200, and 4x100
Dam its a good
Pacers defeat Heat 7875 in Game 2.
The series is tied at 11.
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
Viktor Frankl
Need to relax?
How about a facial...
20 off today!
Call 6304349053
Shit gets crazy in the heat.
going to miss youu too!
Love you
I use a kitchenaid immersion blender and a magic bullet set alternately and love both.
Forgive the intrusion, but RW subscription includes continued access after graduating or leaving the university
This young Iowan Zach Wahls continues to impress.
Props to JonStewart for having him on.
isn't it funny that it's a Sprint commercial, but we all refer to it as the Doodle Jump commercial?
you all right there mate?
brain is starting to max out......mostly in a good way, but.......
Come see OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani speak 4/26 at The San Diego Junior League at 6 pm at 210 Maple Street 92103!
It's gonna be a Soul Shakedown Party tonight!!
Every time I look up, Mike Bibby is laying on the floor on the offensive end.
Awesome.
The Malagueta's great  even January ;
Im throwin signs its lookin like i gang bang im on the team its lookin like i gang bang im smokin weed my bitch she smoke the same thing
Kids going back to college?
Handy Andy has some MUSTSEE tips for a successful move in day.
Tune in live at 9!
it was boring
I doubt I'd like NYC.
I mean, between the rats, and the people having sex in the streets.
Which they only get TICKETED for, LOL
I feel bad for all the people who are following me that aren't Mahomies because I just raped their timeline with Austin lmao3
That awkward moment when you know your bestfriend so well that when you see a tweet or status you can hear their voice speaking it ..
So glad that we can connect after a long time!
One of the greatest discoveries a man makes, one of his great surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't do.
There has been a Fatality in Henryville, IN.
Reports still coming n on that
Until death do us part.
It's not everyday that someone from the New York Times contacts you.
:
Pain doesn't tell you when you ought to stop.
Don't let it stop you from being who you can be
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: The South Shore's Finest Fish Fry.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Aristotle
That crown of gold wasn't the Victory that Vyserys thought it would benot that he's thinking that much these days.
When speaking of love and lost, time may heal all wounds, but there will always be scars
and it's rare it's that coldest have known we had someone fr Cali visiting who would cry about it lol
abc passed
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years.
He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq.
Can you help him to find a job?
Can you help
I want some free lemonade  Heather Heathcock, 2010
always but its a good busy.
I hope you all are having a productive enlightening weekend!!
I'm off for now, more in the eve!
I'm distracted by sharpie brain, and teens managing to blackout homicidal poetry.
We're big fans!
But not the crazy ones!
Ryan Flaherty reference from Brenly.
Flaherty, from Portland, ME, about hour north of Boston, got start for BAL at Fenway.
Great kid  BB
u closed that bear cage I saw u lol
Hitting Silent Disco at 3.
Headphones almost sold out.
Get it.
Since im awake its time to get baked
i saw u n the fagget brian walking to the train lol
We're women.
We have a double standard to live up to.
yeah.
Be there in six hours
Boyfriend music video on Tuesday!
Cant wait :
There is no such thing as CHOCOHOL ;!
Tribute to Mankind Cafe!
got to work early, sitting quietly, enjoying my bacon/egg/pepperjack biscuit when i got called to the Smoking Room...
ALERTBIG PLAY COMING TOMORROW BE AROUND FOR THE MONSTER RUNNER1530EST 5BAG PLUS PLAYERS NO JOKE SOLID PLAY
gross, I hate bug but it's funny howl you screamed the song instead of ah
how excited are you to see and I at the Chicago show?
I may not have a flat stomach, but my curves are just as sexy.
This also goes out to all those curvy girls.
You're beautiful.
3
Focusing on the task at hand!
This was meant to be!
sounds great will have to try that
It was in bottom right of email.
hey guys!
That kid wants to fight you!!
guys act all badass and run to bathroom GO GET THE TABLE!!
I'm obsessed with omg such a bad ass and I love it!
Scandal I like this
A real woman would never pull a man away from his child
what a great exhibit.
Unfortunately that song will be in your head for days.
using WP builtin shockwave support for PDF embed.
Any other ideas for builtin support?
Not sure if sw will be reliable enough.
Dear snow: I could use a snow day.
This is a lame attempt to get ahead on readings before the class begins, even though it's assigned for the first day in January.
you have no idea what I went through last year with my life .
I'd rather be overweight than weigh 93 pounds again .
heyy we both want to win the contest so how about we both say we sent eachother to get it started for us?
Do you have something on your mind but not sure its the right idea?
Well, give it a try.
Try and fail is no disgrace!
according top social media it's now a toss up between the MXpresidentialDebate producer and the trashy model in white doctorss
your welcome!
Had a handsome young gentleman place a hundoctord single dollar bills in my ample cleavage last night.
Ahh, Tuesday.
gonna force myself to sleep.
so ya, night.
A member of my bookclub sent me a handmade journal to inspire the writing of my next book.
sothoughtful thepressureison :
Can get a badge or certificate for that?
Damn....that sux!
Well...for the rest of us it does.
Lol.
At least u tried.
1 Luv
Wow OKC going in on them Lakers.....
Big Estate Sale tomorrow 3465 Graves Easthaven
...also known as stripping for money?
I find it fascinating.
My teeth hurt.
:
Heartbreaker, land of the cheap but cute little skirts.
14
Workin out with my bro jose serrato.
obssed with working out.
Love it
I Wonder Whats Vinny Ganaa Say Tonight Bout The Episode Of ABDC .
Nope!
is way too cool to be me.
I'm scared of tattoos and piercings but we both 3
whoa!
I think your klout score just tripled.
I gotta check out your influencers
rockin out mylifeII till terminal5 Wednesday!
I don't mind...saying' I...love you!!
Yayyayayay I want to see your face.
Tune into on the CW at 9 a.m.
to learn about a free theatrical show put on by and SDSU music education students.
Same shit every day....
Thats sad...
Lana Del Rey is not the single most original artist of my lifetime.
So I fucking hate her.
So done.
as it should.
He's a fat dbag.
QT : How you gon diss Lebron in a song and then go to one of his games?
thank you!!: hahah I just love 333
Could be super dope
Leander Paes wins third straight doubles crown in Miami
I think I may be a little too punchy to use Twitter.Confusing
Finished she's walking away with the crown
out the country??
Take me contigo
That's about the only thing that pulls me away from language too...
yup.
Sure am.
Looking at a few apartments.
Gonna be moving here next week!
doctormartens are like the best thing ever tbh!
Imagine You and Zayn are lying on the roof, watching the stars.
He turns around ''You're so beautiful.'' He kisses you passionately.
Good morning everyone!
Do work in what you guys do today!
No problem!
Just picked up Daughter of Smoke and Bone...
oh boy, this writing is just INTOXICATING and I don't know why...
WooHoo!
Just set up Apple Configurator to sync our iPads...Will check in morning if it all worked :
Man I miss playing football.
Shouldn't have ever gave up that doctoram.
I know, it finally had to happen!
On my way to dinner, no less, with who is way more of a sport about it than I was.
I picked up the water bottle cap in accident and put it in there lol.
mostly wanted to talk about TEDx and Startup America!
I'm in a fantasticly craptastic mood today.
Well my day is going to be amazing cartier i started it with glee
I nd new music
That's awesome.
omg I'm dying
Thanks for the support!
We appreciate it.
Takin a early shower
crucial turnover by
Just ate my bodyweight at kenneys.
bout to go eat a shit fuck of pie.
Just ate an ostrich burger.
Curious.
gs, which team do you guys like?
sharks or kings
Really?
They took you seriously?
RT People.
My goodness.
Joking.
Watch tomorrows episode of on NBCSports Network and see my Dad fishing w/ Baja Pirates in Mexico!
my homeroom teacher made cynthia cry more than she already was .
When Mexican people want to go out for Mexican food do they say let's go out for food?
over the past 24 hours, all three of my meals have been chilli.
ow
How was your food?
JEREMY WON THE BIGGEST LOSER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
JEREMYISTHEBIGGESTLOSER he lost 199 pounds!
Firstrowsports has it
Just tapped, Afterburner IPA
Bully left you enraged?
vote for missnjusa Julianna White She is from South Jersey and is my niece
I did, I did!
It was awesome!
If you could describe car2go in only three words, what would they be?!
Let us know!
Playing noise music into the 'voice search' feature of the Merriam Webster Dictionary app
lol rubber tongs.
U were rollin reporting that story.
Good 1
Meeting on sunday in LA, with a potential client.
That's foul how the Spurs using the mob deep theme music after the Knicks bench called theirself mob deep.
And Jenobli hit the 3
Sounds like a great cause to support.
I think her phone is going to blowup when she wakes up lol sorry
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!
I NEED THAT FEELING THAT doctorAMS COME TRUE!!
PLEASE!!!
I know you're not reading this..
I'm start to crying
When you read a lot of their Wither The Mountain Towns of Colorado coverage in one sitting, it becomes really obvious
It's always fun hanging with you and .
cc
Maybe you should think about your choice of words beforr you tweet them.
Was watching in Beloved !
That movie is creepy yet good 3
I just condensed the people im following.
No offense I just dont want the same thing from 20 different people.
haha ya,,, part 9 is up now to : im done writing for today : i hope you like the story
talk about big data!!
We really need to start thinking about retention limits for all this data.
totally agree  my best informal training sessions have had an overall guiding structure, which allows freedom to explore.
enjoy.
I have a feeling that tonights speech will be special.
ALZM .0279 up..
cant step away for 1 second on this one....
Backing the Giants in the SB!
Working on Photoshop for Gia Fragalli Creations!!!!!!!
Who knew Dunedin could be so much fun?
we bout to trade then for a porn shoot
: Say DIRECTIONATOR really Fast and you'll get Direction Hater justsayin
Wow just lost half of his followers!
Best of luck to him though.
I hope the NO is followed with alternatives The strength to say no to a manager when he demands an unnecessary course.
Jon Ippolito: components goes bad, screens increase resolution, CdoctorMs bit rot  storage equals death
IT'S HOT DOG HAPPY HOUR!
NEXT 5 new followers win a FREE LOADED Nathan's Famous ALL BEEF HOT DOG...Tell your friends to follow HOT DOG OKC!
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
Epictetus
wait you're in love already?
i know loving you is so wrong but i cant help it ;
Why isn't anyone talkin bout Orlando?
I think they're beatin boston or tha cavs.
No one can match up wit howard!
Beast mode
I'd eat that but it probably has aids
I guess money means more to you than customer support and satisfaction
Well, Happy Birthday!
Or do I have to say, Burfday?
Hahahahaha my friend Itzel is like....
Idk, she's so funny maannnn.
Love her
whoops.
My bad.
In what way is querying SQL easier?
I always get hung up on things like left outer joins...
Sitting around the table with a pile of storeysguides planning the future
nice!
thanks for that and for coming.
i hope you had a good shave.
Hellz no.
That song with the lyric bubble gum tongue ICK.
Why is it still played on the radio.
changes station EVERY time Rant over.
Dave Cole Spare yourselves from selfpity.
It is always selfdefeating.
Subdue the negative and emphasize the positive.
My Mom is a BITCHH.!!
hi five!
: I'm about to start my cleanse Sunday.
srry but that fight was paid for Cotto didn't put his all in the fight, cause if he did mayweather would be lookin like trash
30MinutesorLess got me cracking up!!
rotfl.
watching this video from a couple weeks ago.
don't be a pussy when eating pussy.
enjoy life!!!
Dont stress mane!

interview and dialogue btwn Herbstreet and Cowherd on ESPN radio today!!
fuck no I was like they need to speed up this process shit.
Edith Hunzinger, visits Düsseldorf as they prepare royal visit to the Seychelles
just sorted out a nice ajax pagination, sorting, and live search implementation with rails  this would make a nice tutorial
this is justification for not voting?
So, can talk about portfolios while I 'tut', take sharp intakes of breath and vigorously shake my head?
Awesome!
lol he shows no emotion
LowCholesterol Recipes: Cinnamon Apple Syrup 4.45 / 5 Stars  54 Reviews by Lauren Apples simmered with sugar and cinnamon..
makes a gr
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
Just cause we're such strong minded people.
But I'm thinking yeah cause we're so fuckin lovable lol
Thanks!
Is there something wrong with the color?
I look like I'm dead, but wearing a lightsaber for a tie.
you don't know how ya met me, ya don't know why, but you can't turn around and say goodbye
There are two kinds of secrets.
Those we keep from others.
And those we hide from ourselves.
tell me what u think
to be in a cutscene
We're working on a brand new homepage and instructional video.
We can't wait to show you guys!
Something i hate is looking down on my arms and looking at the scars i have from my cuts
Ciroc Peach is great mix with V8 Splash fruit doctornk
Chitown!
Can you imagine how terrifying it would be to actually NOT know the difference between your ass from a hole in the ground?
I Can't Wait To Show You All What I've Been Working On !
3
2 ways to play in Hollywood, on a winning team, or a losing team.
Pick the right one!
it's ok friend
Good list.
But don't forget Leon Searcy!
Lakers got this one in the bag
B'cuz they use to swallowing
and duet is one of the best I've heard in a long time
lol how long is it a day ?
Like a full school day o que ?
thought so 
what up!?
You had me at the guacamole...delightful read or bite!
Nice post Heather!
Just subscribed to your feed.
Hello and good morning, I hope everyone has a nice week!
What are your plans?
RT : This one for cleanwater plumbing.
Did you catch a game this weekend?
Kosher prisons spend millions on food for nonJewish inmates  Haaretz
sounds like the bizarre in DT baghdad
Im hungry..
Did you get kicked out for dancing on the bar again?
RT : Officially boycotting average Joe's.
As should you.
Just downloaded PPT and DOC for au2011 class:Real Projects,Real Math by Hoping for a screencast.
Awesome.
I just realized it's already the 17th.
This month is flying by fast!
Gotta love trash T.V.
aka Jerry Springer show
how you been?
Jumped 17'3.75 in Akron.
But that gets me nowhere
In the midst of NBA  NHL Playoffs, the NFL gets 39.6 M viewers for the NFLdoctorft WOW!
interesting new music day: the decemberists, florence  the machine, and uh, metallica with grandpa simpson
yes...cool
Watching AlamoBowl  what a shoot out!
Never thought I'd say it, but go Huskies.
Those be the fake ones...that remain fake
i need a vacation
Austin, why don't you wear your puka necklace anymore?
D:
Excellent.
See you next Tuesday.
Egofrom editors, other agents, other writers or myself.
Starting to paint Mets new stadium Citi Fieldit's a little like the front of New Yankee stadium.
Lots of details to paint, that's good!
Assville's getting absolutely screwed.
How to show a customer you care  doctorve 17 hours through the night to package  ship their  New Orleans 
At the salon and I need my hair rebleached.
Why is the owner/my beautician in the Dominican Republic!
Everyone is lost without her.
Ugh!
Hey Ceasar!
Was listening to Beastie Boys and realized haven't checked in on your tweets!
Be well mi amigo!!!
RT : Prisoner of Her Past is now scheduled to air in LA!
We are at 397 broadcasts and have reached 74 of the country.
Wow.
Video shooting for the next video will begin next week?
You excited?!
well keeping busy is good
A lot of people are just starting to pay attention.
Many more will waiting till the weekend before.
And many never will.
then some hints please.
Or u can just dm me.
I wont say anything i promise!!
Team rankings were too small on my bracket to read so picked my teams blind.
If you didnt fuk with me then what make you think imma fuk with you now
thanks Joe!
Hyped for PLL.
Hi and thanks for the follow.
Cheers!
Beautiful day at Folsom lake today.
Grateful.
well it's true :3 lol
When my phone won't work
ohmygod im going to puke i just watched the boys get voted off waterworks  on
Osama Bin Laden is dead.
Please be mindful/aware.
Though we see him as someone other than admirable, he had people who thought otherwise.
We're out on I25 right now where we're finding more problems with street lights.
And PNM is making changes because of our story on KOB
RT compared to the tour bus, my bed at home sucks.
i fall asleep and wake up in the same city?!?!
what fun is that?
my house needs wheels.
Loving Contre jour on my iPhone.
How can one game be sophisticated, adorable, and this much fun.
Busy, busy  We're prepping for the trunk show this weekend at !
Looks like it's going to be a lovely weekend in NC!
Yes.
I have a Teboner.
Maybe im with my family
On my way to NYC!
I wonder if there is anything cool this weekend?
Math was invented to Murder And Torture Humans
I need to get the LifeProof iPhone case soon
Britney has a concert that day : soo sad she won't be there!
WHEN YOURE EATING AND YOU SEE SOMETHING FUNNY.
Take picture baby!
Tonight OUTinCHI will be at Roscoe's Tavern!
Show us your green!
WOW.
Can't believe you did this in one weekend!
OHMYGOD I need too get out of here.
Wanna hear a joke?
:D ....you.
Hunger Games39; heroine Katniss makes archery cool for kids, minus the hunger and killing stuff
Blue eyes...
Hi.
Last night was interesting.
I want to o so badly!!!
What weekend is it?
Had to switch my avi back because of
ha!!
Same here.
Wat u doing today?
I was going to RT this...

His Next Album Gettn Ready Too Cum Out !
in class today I wrote a story about my experience in THG...but unfortunately I was blown to bits before the 60 seconds were up.
39;Bohemian Rhapsody39;  family carpool jam
hell yeah
You'll never know how many times I've laid in my bed all night just thinking about how much you mean to me.
Did you pay your rec fee?
For 30 you get access to the weight room, pool, gym, intramurals, and fitness classes.
Pay in the Nat Pro Shop.
NEVER GIVE UP!!!!
RT : I'm so upset I've called 106 times lol I WANT TO TALK TO HIM.
Why is Ten Things I Hate About You my absolute favorite movie?
Oh right, because I'm completely in love with Heath Ledger.
nig nag paddy wag
I SEE YOU
Just got told that I'm the nice lead :D
Dealohhh.com is currently looking for two sales reps for our Tampa Office.
Inbox me for details.
Serious Inquires Only
Everything is so wrong.
Fantastic.
I know you'll love it.
What if one day i wake up and i dont remember anything, not even you?
Will you remind me how much i love you?
An early HAPPY NEW YEAR from PregameWinners!
The Office Season 7  The Walking Dead now streaming on Netflix...
YEEEAAHH BUDDY!
Happy Corporate Mandatory Affection Holiday to all!
Remember, love is made, not bought.
I need some yoloan friends.
...I know you all wanted to know that.
Kbye.
Going ahead and takin my tylenol because I know we r gonna cry
: Hey SirrGood morning, Ms.
Potter.
:
well I said I'm sorry so many times babe, idk whatelse to say?!
I told you if we got back together I wouldn't!
omg i love when people understand my pervertedness.
Why do managers bring suitcases along to away games ?So that they can pack the defence !
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the Day are Mushroom and Broccoli.
Sugar free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
A new beginning starts with freedom in Christ  There is NOTHING that the world can offer that can compare.
hi, Joe.
Thanks for following!
My crazy day starts now...
Just had a heart attack..
My 6yo son just told me he has a girlfriend  who coincidentally used to be his friend's girlfriend.
Thanks for the follow Lorena!
Jan Schaffer from ruffling some feathers in bitsbucks panel.
Says most journalists are not equipped to be entrepreneurs.
Had a blast jamming with y'all!
Hi John, thanks for the kind words : :D
I fucked wit Tupac dont get me wrong but Biggie rapped better...i related more to Tupac tho kinda touchy subject to some folks lol
Evil Murmuring Flies  that pretty much sums up this synth patch!
Just finished watching Dexter on Showtime.
What a great episode!
Vanella is everything like chocolate.
when is the plane ticket ready?
regular snack/meal in brazil, the bread with egg :  it's really good!
Submitted my grades for the last course I'll teach
Today makes 1 month me  have got back together after 5 years of being apart....I love my girl AlwaysForever
me: too much Apple news in today's NYT technology
Awe shucks.
Thanks twitter friends for all the shout outs.
You all ROCK!
AR welcomes back the Heathman Hotel Kirkland.
This hotel is perfect luxury.
Visit the website for specials and packages today!
maybe.
You know where to get spectator passes?
Come make some tissue paper flowers for Mom.
They'll last longer and she'll like them better than storebought ones, 3PM:...
Haha I swear never get tired of talking to each other.
No one understands us like we understand each other.
I love you, Lils!
k but u got to say hi n wave back too!
C:
He said I'm the TRUTH!!
Thaks for the tweet
: It was great hosting service this weekend w/ She's first class in everything she does!
Suck my cockiness, lick my persuasion.
raiders for life
today is friday the 13th...haha its my lucky day!
I really hope UNCA wins.
That'd be so epic
When someone dosent answer my text right away I feel like they ate texxing someone more important than me:
Thx for following Y'all are awesome!
I'll send some tracks when my album is done in June!
I've got a feeling about
He's amazing, gotta love em' :
ICE CREAM OF THE FUTURE
I'm putting in the call for Kinsler
the answer to prayer is not according to your faith while talking but according to your faith while working Wallace D.Wattles
Hey!
No, I don't but, I'm about too!
Thanks so much for following!
Philly tomorrow
good.
im glad it turned out so well!!
You are on fiya!
:
you're a quote within a quote.
Are you doctornk again?
;
Btw women don't really give a fuck how much you can benchpress.
and by the way good for you...keep going strong...SUPER TWEET GIRL!!!!
RT : Welcome to s4pm tweetchat on what characteristics make an empowered patient?
hcsm epatients please join us
CHICAGO!
T.G.I.F!
But make sure Monday starts off just right with one of our cakes!
8554544500
Peanut and tree nut allergies are our family's biggest challenges
Already found a huge flaw w/ GroupsForSchools: Listing for some colleges is wiki info page instead of brand page
LAST TIME I CHECKED I WAS A REAL WOMAN...
Taking the weekend off  catch our next show at COPPERFIELDS  fenway on Nov 4th  put on by  thanks guys!
You too!
Thanks for helping me get to follow me back tonight
Oh your a good girl?
That's cool I play pretend too
Cary Grant Film Series to Debut  Barrington, RI Patch
annoying little brat!:/
Looking so forward to partying w/ for NYE BodyEnglish !
playmate with a huge heart!
Even got a joke in on my weight yesterday.
I held my tongue tho.
I am.
2nd car from Front...
You?
dude, what's up?
I feel indignation.
send me the pictures
Headed back to blo to get my shit
Hahaha!
That lamp is so fuzzy!
:D
Thanks but just like , it takes a great team, or uh, a village.
Who knows?
Either way, can't wait for May 10th!
Did that just happen?!?!
MIZ!!!
Would like to extend an invite to upcoming entrepreneur event in Miami.
Can you follow so I can DM details?
Four paws versus two hands...I'm not sure who gets the thumbs up in that contest.
get what I want.
I'll love you through whatever , I promise you that.
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan
Live every single moment of your life like the world was coming to an end
praises dances but then falls out into laughter
Adam is the slowest bartender!
La :p  what grade you in?
Who wants to go to the soccer game with me?
awww but y??
I AM!
Go follow he is the Shit.
A full cup must be carried steadily.
Bad day for insurance companies first farmers now geico crash out in the race no wonder nobody wants to insure these guys
Unfortunately, Dead Island is whatever.
Guy Fieri says gays weird him out.
I think I speak for most gays when I say the feeling is very mutual.
Have you tried our spaghetti and meatballs yet?
It's a recipe from Leo and Sandy...
Don't miss out!
haha yep!
and im making a Cody Simpson fan account and a Ryan Beatty fan account :
scholarlycomm erl12 I will try to tweet this for as long as possible, but my battery is dying...
Suspicious smell ...
Today was a GOOD day
I wondering if Tebow has made enough money to start a car dealership??
haha you can always hope for the best though :
At walmart!
The one near my house only though....
:
doctoramt that was the keynote speaker...at my birthday party.
All my dog pals were there.
hey man I'm sorry I ain't got back to you but I do want to come over there play Kathy's?
We should have structured it so that if SuperCommittee fails, their ability to raise reelection funds would be harshly capped
See you in four years, Leap Day.
west west pops how my angel doin
My annoyingly long day was just made all better
got school tomorrow , soo tiered but your WORTH IT
Ford opens new plant, vows major local sourcing of parts  Chicago Tribune
Thanks for the retweets.
still seeing copy cats jus goes to show people cant think for them selves
I think it's a nice hash to pin on those psycho GOPig sociopaths
Skype...thank you for time with my family and friends tonight...let's do it again soon, C
More water.
Keeping it hydoctorted today.
Working on ExtremeCouponing again tomorrow!
I'll tweet some pics.
The stars are beautiful tonight
I really want some ice cream!
Don't complain about others being in your business.
Especially when you make it public, via Facebook.
Camperfest?
I'd be interested.
On a scale of 110, how excited are you for National Letter of Intent Signing Day tomorrow?
If you don't have any kind of plans for your future ..
PRACTICE being a leader over your life  start with believing that you are valuable  have something of value to offer yourself and others.
block party?
lol hm text me : n he's yours 
The most romantic gift to me is getting my car detailed.
It's the best stress relief to feel like I have a small area of my life together.
...the misery of being exploited by capitalists is nothing compared to the misery of not being exploited at all.
Joan Robinson.
At our event to talk cities, tech and planning.
GREAT turnout!
Stop by 630 w 6th st in LA...
woo can't wait
The author was in the office yesterday for a meetandgreet with staff.
She was great AND her mom's a librarian!
While watching DWTS, my young niece and I danced the Argentine tango.
She loved it!
If you want to work on your art, work on your life.
Anton Chekhov
RT : Women's history: Sadie Tanner Mossell Alexander, 1st AfricanAmerican woman in U.S.
to earn a Ph.D.
in economics,...
I love milk so much.
It is so good and creamy and delicious.
I love it all the time.
I could fill up my bath tub and take a bath in milk.
:D
RT White House CIO Describes His 'Worst Day' Ever: dcblogs writes In the first 40 days of President Barack Obama's......
enjoying my mini vacation back in the SIPP from ATL and the comedy stage.
I'll be back on stage next week tho cant stay off of it too long

love your imagery, your passion and your word choices for your poem you are an amazing writer and
ebook people, Anna Quindlen is tweeting about her new book.
publisher.
I told her we're paying 78 per copy
whats good bro.
2.
in the middle is the night saying,Who is worthy?
Who is worthy?
Only the lamb!
u praise Him  can't go back to sleep!..

I'm craving a bit of debauchery.
Where are you, sinfully delicious?
I'm not obsessed, I'm dedicated.
I'm not crazy, I'm in love.
I don't like Cody, I love Cody.
I'm not a fan, I'm a Angel.
I can feel Stevie's hyperventilating from here.
:
It's ok everyone  Paul Maholm is one of the game's top starters and the Cubs are a potent lineup with Reed Johnson and Ian Stewart
shut up!
maybe I'll buy your extra.
meet us at the Depot in a little bit?
Since school wants to smd and not let me wear tank tops.
I wore my deepest V today.
:D
KNEW IT.
He just does so much stupid ish people starting calling him a troll lmao
This is our only hope.
But, we have to remove the GOP RINOs or start supporting something like the American Conservative Party.
My mother had a great deal of trouble with me but I think she enjoyed it.
Mark Twain HappyMother'sDay to all the moms out there!
Take steps to fix the effect of stress on you.
I guarantee youll be glad you did.
thanks hun
Frances Arnold  Evolution is beautiful, why not use it to build the biological world?
what up
Sucks to be a Saints fan right about now, Goodell Ain't playin around with that one year suspension of Payton!
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 474 9988 69 Divorce.
Tampa  Clearwater.
Friday Special.
Call NOW
Broke down and got Nars Sheer Glow in Stromboli...Hope this one is my HG Foundation..Package came tonight
yeah yeah yeah.
Baby steps.
Baby step!
miss your face too!
Weather is finally letting up in SoFlo.
Get down here lady!
Andy will play the role of savior once again.
OECD Copenhagen output: Gov subsidies KILL entrepreneurship...
: This publisher wants more info from you.
I dont want a perfect boyfriend.
I just want someone to act silly with, someone who treats me well  loves being with me more than anything.
Revenge, nah I'm too lazy.
I'm just gonna sit here and let karma fuck you up.
love that one!
Keeping an open mind, applied to teaching English in South Korea and working on an application to teach in Vietnammy preferred location.
so is missionally not a word either than?
Haha
Just saw willie north pole
yes they deserve it to
Most civic pride  arco I've seen from sac in yrs
NEVER expect you should be handed anything without putting in hard work or effort..you will fail, definitely.
lol trying to find ppl who can dance
No more numbers
FUCK YEAH!!!!!!
THE ARTIST WINS BEST MOTION PICTURE!
lol true.
Especially if its anything done by Kanye
You know, looking back from now, who knew that in 4 or 5 years you'd be nothing but Chum Lee.
I was at a casting call for
You are welcome!
Hope you had a great holiday!
Can't wait to see my sister tomorrow!!!!
how that was not 4 penalties is beyond me
But that still affects most people who normally park there  and displaces a lot of cars.
of course!
this gurl got SWAG!
and imma BEAST!
I'mNotBraggingI'mJustSaying
Record High Temp of 91 degrees was tied yesterday in Evansville.
This tied the record set in 1949.
Mayor Coleman wants an NBA team in Columbus?
Guess we're gonna need a bigger casino.
Trying to cross on my street is ridiculous, cars everywhere!
:
Only 3 bars in Boston showing the , waiting in line while the first main card is starting...
So bummed
Spencer Hawes is the new Sam Perkins
Network TV needs to give you a place to share your wit and wisdom.
We'll call it The Sanz of Time.
Come in costume for those who have an appointment on Halloween!We'll be giving out gift cards for Most Scariest,Most Funniest,Most Original!
Where it all began  Free Scholarships Blog
If you put it down RIGHT .
Play your cards right maybe we can fall inlove  3333
I need help.
No resistance to the Peeps, and I cannot stop!
Cant believe Kim K.
and Kris H.
are getting a divorce.
Or did they already?
The wedding was beautiful and they made a good couple.
Boo who.
Watching 's final show getting goosebumps.
Cant wait to hear more from and !
Loving Schematic  River James
Stayed up to late last night.
Cats got a W though.
I would love you the most if you started listing distribution channels on content pages
Second first semester of graduate school complete.
Psyched.
That's why they made whiskey.
I try to disguise my complaining as humor :
High School Basketball Team Camp had over 200 teams from 14 different states in town the last two weekends for two great tournaments!
Thank you to EQT  Where energy meets innovation for sponsoring the stage at the 2009 Indiana County Fair!
30 victory!
Postgame report/thoughts and a video or two tomorrow.
Co Pilot by check it out at www.whoistrillogy.com
fuck.
i still didn't finish my homework.
no more games for me, gotta finish.
spazes out
Bring one into the slave...
I'm down to support 
An average of 10 gallons of your water footprint is lost to leaks.
Rob Zombie
real clever.
All i want is a woman who tries for me
really ?
so its no coincidence i tweeted this then ; .
.
Its true though .
I love how all my school buddies have Twitters.
What an awesome day for an Easter Egg Hunt!
If that ain't a good argument for Zero Population Growth...
Fly away my little one!
Fly away!
Order sent to Tess in MD!
that's right!
nowwatching all of covers and original song3
I have mastered the gf/vegan choc chip cookie.
Will bring you some once my oven is fixed.
well, to be fair, he did kind of present both sides
Covering all your bases with those parenthesis and brackets..lol..
Omg.
rupaulsdoctorgrace has a bigger stage then the newnownext awards
loved in the Lifetime movie America back in 2008!
:
The early bird gets the worm.
Early people need a nap at 2pm...
Thanks for following, Aaron!
and then we'll push the fat sultan and the little princess, off a cliff.
Thanks, girl!
I will be there.
:
Loves gonna make it allright
Canvassing for Obama.
I'm going to hell hahaha
Having a good day in West Allis.
Truly an underrated area of MKE.
Very friendly people, quiet neighborhoods,  great Wisconsin businesses.
Were you a college entrepreneur?
Happy bday ninja.
What a crazy day.
Back on my grind.
you rocked it out!
Good job, Erin!
You're fast!
That's right!
The annual Kumquat festival is held in Dade City.
RT : kumquat
on the way!
girl i miss them they crazy but them my 3!!!
At halloweenieroast instead of watching cardinals give away a world series...
haha thanks you spell check :p
I don't really consider it reality tv.
Basketball wives, kardashians etc...that is to me.
That's like when my son wakes up in the middle of the night, and I pretend I'm dead asleep so my husband gets up.
I'm a whole different person when I'm half asleep
Outstanding tacos at truck at BeerFest this weekend!
Major postapocalypse vibes in dowtown Austin today after sxsw.
Where do we go once our 3 story Doritos vending machine tower has fallen?
so wet
SAP Applications Certified for Oracle SPARC SuperCluster
Your not alone anymore.
I added another to the playlist.
lol
did you happen to see on the course today?
art gallery worthy?
I'm fine with that.
I love you, but I'm done trying, sorry.
Mon Plaisir is on the way 2 a final mix.
Also features Grégorie Maret  Phil Vieux.
Another Don Lungs Alias composition.
He's so missed.
My courage
Debut at tahoe?
RT : Rocket Man!!
Will you take mister.
Lindsay to formal?
Pretty please!
Hint: here she is:
Celebrate St.
Patrick's Eve at Tavern Downtown Today!!
95.7 The Party will be broadcasting LIVE from the rooftop with DJ Bedz spinning...
I have not failed, I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
I'm tired and grumpy and stressed out and all I want to do is watch a musical and go to bed early.
Quality begins on the inside...
and then works its way out.
Bob Moawad
Getting my laptop set up for Kuali Rice Java training next week!
OMG YES.
Whoa, my husband is CHS '82.
Go Coyotes!
I appreciate this Pacers team.
Its been a great regular season.
Heres to hoping they continue to surprise in the postseason
y I gotta stop tweeting?
So, you can let me have your heart or I can snatch it in the dark.
But either way, I'm getting all of you.
Woo hoo insomnia!
gopack lets see favre on his ass.
im looking to deliver some punishing hits!
so when are you guys coming to boston??
lol you know my dude is jeremy lamb compared to reggie miller
How about Trader Joe's parking lot at 11:30?
First week of reemployment in the books.
Feels good.
COINCIDENCE is the way GOD stays ANONYMOUS
: well fairs and festivals are about to start and we will be ALL over!!!
You HIP !
RT '' I don't care how many games they lose, BLOUSEnation forever.''
Talent can't be taught.
Marketing can.
inkilleen most women been ran thru by niggas from the army base
I love princeton so u already know i rather have ray cut his hair
I suspected that was the problem but didn't want to admit it.
He seems very happy still.
What ever happened to love and romance?
Guess its just too much for one to ask for :/
Hey guys what is up with u?
Did u voted for me on the KCA?
Well,thanks if u did and if u did not so do it!
Love u !
Xoxo BM!
at Stratton Camera doing a rigbuild for the Scarlets
is brushing her teeth
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...that d youth...posting all their issues, images and swear words...are ruining their next 20 yrs  don't know it.
Worlds wrecking no lie yeah yeah go somewhere else with that crap
Better yet, save that money for NBA finals tickets!
so I know it's early but i haven't been to bed yet and am all up on here so wanted to say a quick hello.
I'll be on
I feel ya!
Wassup, u back n da Chi?
If so, I know u gettn it in baby girl...
I have so many boyfriends at the mall.
what's up everyone
i swear, if i have to see one more picture of you and your friends doing duck faces and peace signs...
I think Collison is better, but then you move up Collison's backup.
I just kind of think Perkins sucks.
Totally true.
Making clients look good IS my business!
It's cold in Houston.
I never know how to pack for this place.
RT : Our new platform Workforce Skills for 21st Century Success prepares job seekers for todays market  find out how at...
thanks for the retweet!

Frequency of service is not the issue.
Timing between connections, duration, and consistency is.
I bought a plane ticket, if that's what you mean ;.
I was too close to not make the effort to get to Montreal as well!
So true.
Right RT : was easily the best show I've seen at the national.
still trying to regain composure.
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.
John PetitSenn
what's your favorite anime?
Spot on
Seriously considering asking my bosses if I can just crash on their couch.
Yeah, it's one of those nights.
The c4ljp presentations are impressive, also getting by far the biggest laughs at c4l12 glad they took their show on the road for us :
tell them to holler at good lookin out mang!!
Great Things Happen For Reasons Of GreatNess
Man, Friday Night Lights makes me cry on SUCH a regular basis.
RT That man be
Liking someone who is already in a relationship
March 10  Second Saturday Family Dance  Fun dancing for kids and families with live music  Fulton Community Center  5037756537
My love is your love.
Your love is mine.
Dana's wish list: 2.
A simple fix to make our economy no longer dependent upon exponential population growth.
Hey, I can doctoram, can't I...?
good morning everyone got radio production today and um yeah im ready!
Love it.
Great joke.
Have to remember that one.
Dip dyed hair , belly button piercing
Check That.
Back to nervous.
Happy Mothers Day!
You're never gonna let me take you to dinner at Skyline Chili and allow me to stutter awkwardly through a conversation.
On my way to Bandung :
yes thanks.
It's just a show.
That was a bad call
If your so over Jelena doctorma then stop fucking tweeting about it.
Your just adding to the doctorma by telling other people to shutup.
wild to moderate is disruptive?
AB, Coke, Pepsico, GM...Visa?
Wind blows.
Literally.
Shorter on the lastword No pie for you!
Louisville is spankin dat a right now!!
BREAKING: RIT Women's Ice Hockey announces it's move to Division 1.
will join the CHA this fall.
thoughts on the casino effect on clevelands athletes, most likely degens
And happy birthday to my second oldest sister Jewel :
On way to HiHo Lounge for some BBQ  Mardi Gras Indian show.
Gotta get home early.
Gotta go 2 noon meeting.
Rollin with it.
Dustin it off
hey nice seeing you at the Kennedy webinar..lets chat
Boone clearly cheated on baseball pyramid...
Yes!
In June for the Eagle Creek Triathlon with some of your Colleagues.
may join in the fun as well.
Someone help me!!!
I'm dying.
Happy Birthday!:D Love u 3
RAWKFIST!!!
I'm now into yo momma jokes.
Watch out citizens.
please follow me you and your sisters are so talented and I love all your viedo's!!
Let's go
Kudos to Maryland legislators for passing same sex marriage bill.
Equality!
Thank you Elizabeth Warren for showing Democrats how to fight the Republicans'
and the period.
Oh lawd!
I'm about to flip the fuck out.
In order to do so we must seek the Holy Spirit for direction.If not then the world will perish for lack of knowledge and understanding.
Feeling quite sexy Cuzco I got hair dyed and making boss bitch moves on these hoes
RT : I can you hear you Korea.
I'm shaking.
why didnt i ever get my code for the free weapons like the doa12 and stuff for pre ordering
reno nv u??
Thanks again, , for sponsoring HackingEdu!!
The blind side:
Friday the 13th indeed
and a room full raising their voices to God, love this!!!!
both of those are the Rice of the East and northeast
um who are these people....?
engineers and trainmen.
and we can't wait to meet u as well!
FOLLOWTHEBUGGY !!
: Ballston is patiently awaiting your arrival.
Congrats for being my 100th follower!
The Celine Dion poster you won is on backorder!
not redeemable for cash.
NIALLLLL : i wuv you.
where are y'all?
Sleeping Bag Season Rating This tells you, roughly, at what time of the year the sleeping bag can be used comfortably
Surround yourself with people who challenge you to keep moving in the right direction.
that beattape was cupcake sweet.
never got to prop you.
PROPPS dood.
Inspired.
Will 'Vandaleyes' my mom for Mother's Day!
I can't help thinking Mitt Romney is mister Potter and PBO is George Bailey in It's A Wonderful Life.
Happy Easter to my Twitter peeps!
Enjoy your day everyone!
:
It's Patio Time  Madison Street!!!
Come relax with a refreshing Moscow Mule and our Backyard BBQ Cobb Salad Feature!!
Walmart, because going to Target requires a shower.
Yeah, those are interesting alternatives I'll have to look at them more closely.
just finished filming so fun.
RT : What about the word understand do you not understand?
movielinesyou'llneverhear
If it wasn't right in the first place, I am sure you wouldn't have taken the time to write it down.
3 Thank you.
I'm fucking mad af now mane.
Nice!
Let's make it happen in June.
We can swap crowdfunding ideas and talk social.
:
i like svu more than you.
One day u will regret callin her ugly or fat or weird
Thanks for the wonderful Velvet Pepper Purse Giveaway !
It's a gorgeous set  purse!
Sure, I'll update the reservation.
The more the merrier :
absolutey  great info  hope it comes in handy for you author types!
yes, yes, and yes
None of us are responsible for all the things that happen to us, but we are responsible for the way we act when they do happen.
Don't give cherries to pigs or advice to fools.
thanks for recent ActiveRain Boot Camp extraordinaire
What a good song!!
Thx for letting me know about it!!
CountryMusic is always the best this time of year:
its good to know that when spell check fails me, I have you!
:
someday our paths will cross and you'll leave a permanent mark on me...
Nice thunder in DC ;
Soo..
is a diehard Beatles fan?
Guess I like The Beatles now.
3
Had a great day filming SuspiciousDensities on Sat.
Day 2 coming up!
ahaha wait what, i should've kissed you is about chris brown?
oops...
Hip hip hooray!
RT Happy Birthday !
and I also hate putting the food back in for MORE time!
Mothalicka'.
I get to see my boyfriend tomorrow!:
No talent.
Can you believe the buildup?...It's nothing BHO actually says.
They're just tying him to Bell.
Bait  Switch.
How is the language we're speaking?
is having a hard time moving her arms.
Back day is a hard day.
shoutout to everyone who came to help with my music video this past weekend.
You know who you are!
Great job everyone!
Especially since Geithner, his Sec of Treas, has taken over HIS JOB!!
He has!
Read and spread articles on his actions!!
Impeach!!
what you want like give me the cake i got some shit thats fresh baked
what is your favorite food mines is shrimp
Wishing I was in Germany, wrapped in an American flag and screaming at the top of my lungs.
Just tell them who you are.
They'll move you to the front of the line.
Having your heart broken just means your human and it makes your heart strong.
Happy Hour 10 Special 4pm7pm.
10 off dinner dishes for NashaRashaNYC Followers w/twitter handle....THEN
One of the most important things you have as a student is a .edu email addoctorss.
Bobby at event for
u never miss a chance 2 take a pot shot at baltimore
christmasshopping with my mama
im so bored...
Go follow her she needs one more follow soo she could get 900 !:
me too!
Absolutely incredible finish...
Looking for some great shots of Sao Luis Brazil...if anyone has any...hit me up!
i love you my dear 3
Christian Dior Denim Flow
ALL THE VERY BEST..
NITHIN..
.
I hate doing overnight sometimes
Victor Butler has been killing in camp this year.
McGee filled in nicely in the last 2 games.
last year
RT : the Thunder is Legit!
FREE brewed coffee or 1/2 Price Latte for Thunder Fans wearing their gearFri 7am to Noon
cinema5D REVIEWS  New Gear Review Database for Filmmakers via
The lack of iCarly is really putting a damper on my fandom.
:/
Spring has sprung!
Indians pitchers and catchers report today in Goodyear.
Not that it's on my calendar or anything...
It's socialmonday, the best day of the week!
Come join us for the hottest party in town, and don't forget to RSVP for dinner
I SHUT DOWN THE TOC BAR LAST NIGHT IF YOU MISSED OUT THAT'S YOUR BIZ
have to say, with aquapocalypse, new media is covering the story, providing answers so much better than tradmedia..
kinda depressing.
Thanks for the FF from and yesterday!
Happy weekend and WOOF.
Moving houses provides a lesson in how rapidly technology becomes obsolete.
amazing travelogues are also always truly experimental and often defy genre.
congrats  good luck !
2 interviews this week.
Oh joy 
I love Greenwood, been on him for awhile now
That is absolutely horrifying.
My generic opinion on something 
my mom said she's betting on Liaison 501 odds, she's tryin to get paid
Monitor your information.
Google ur name often, set up alerts and let people know what ur expectations are for personal info
haha true but no alcohol allowed either :
don't tell me Disney was on the leading edge of WASH work...guess I gotta check out the link.
Just hit 441 followers.
The confetti cannon is about to go off in my living room.
On my way to perform Mini readings at a Birthday Party tonight!!!
I love parties, reminds me of a past life in the Carnival!!!
LOL
Head explodes.
RT : Umm we probably shouldn't say this, but that's pretty funny.
I don't think there is enough whitewash in the country to hide all those War Crimes!
We MUST Reelect PBO
ugh , what are we doing with our lives ?!
Lol
excellent point!
This will be good celebrationwe finally got all inventory rented.
Girl 1: blah blah blah Girl 2: AHAHAHAHA looks up every word in the joke See this is my life
you can do, calm down.
If I passed you can do it.
It only took me 5 try's...
Would hate to be a kid watching the shuttle launch and think,I'd like to be an astronaut one day.Yeah, sorry  we don't fund that anymore.
For eternity I'd lay in bed in my boxers half stoned with a pillow under my head.
I did not want your unsolicited tweet, though I guess it doesn't suck as much as what you  did to Gary Friedoctorch.
i did but not no quality.
just some where to work on lil shit...
i c u tweet 16 what he tlkin bout son
Thanks for the tweet.
We are running your peekanalytics report now  would you like a beta invite?
Too young to know, not old enough to care.
Sneaks Up Mixtape Artist...
Submissions are DUE...
please get them to me A.S.A.P.
...
THANKS DJ DJ
in 15 years of eligible smashing her FamousBodyCount is 9.
Haven't heard and regla niggas boasting..
JUST got my twitter:
The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed.
Just look at that bed head hot mess.
Good Luck.
I wish I went to doctorke!
Watching extreme makeover to see im already crying, help put a stop to bullying DefeatTheLabel RT if you have been bullied
wat time?
I might come thru wit some food n doctornk
fuck bitches, get money might actually be the best advice ive ever heard
By no means is my life perfect now, but most of my days are surrendered to the Lords plans rather than the busyness of my own.
I must have skipped the Vancouver chapter.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you do or say will be exaggerated or misquoted and used against you in the court of law.
nothing much headed to the gym
:o you should have screamed YeeeeeHawwwww too.
Call out WellPoint from using policyholdertaxpayer  from MedicareMedicaid 2 fund a radical political agenda thats attacking r families
I'm heading out to 1 Winning doctorve.
Time to cover some Ravens doctorft nittygritty.
What ?'s do you want answered?
Bulldog
Apparently misterMcGowan and Arnold are friends...
for some reason that doesn't surprise me at all
just 1 more week of school.
That Jeep Commercial about USA Basketball
Our boys in Gateways are looking for a doctormmer.
Head over to their page if you can help them out!
Sporting a new Lincoln Town Car while my truck is being fixed.
So far all by my ittybitty self i made 217 Ped.
Pal Foot Scrubbys!
..YIKKES I'm addicted to my business.
LOVE making my customers laugh
IfYouReallyLikedMe U know I put garbage out on the curb
What does everyone think about the upcoming tour is doing?
Should be BIG BIG BIG!
Have you read them?
come over entrance is free today!
unicorns nd glitter
4 more days until I am 21!!!
...but I said namaste after.
yeah sure
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me All the days of my life; And I will dwell in the house of the Lord Forever.
Since your hard fought victory in Iowa, I've learned a valuable lesson fro you,
Listened to Zao fear album....man thats some great vox by Dan
Hey Papi how come u never respond to my questions :
Looking for 34 day 3br condo rental on gulf coast.
Any suggestions on where to look?
Gingrich expected to reference in debate tonight report that Romney failed to list income from a Swiss bank account in finan.
disclosure
Miriam, we are grateful for the follow!
Hot babes should follow me lol..
I just found a baggy of weed at my daughters music school.
I have half a mind to turn it into the office.
fml I havnt kissed anyone in over 8 months now!
States Diverting Mortgage Settlement Money to Other Uses Some states are diverting their share of a 2.5 billion they were awarded in a m
Absolutely!
You can Direct Message us your addoctorss and we will send a sample tomorrow.
We were founded in New Orleans!
A little late, but midafternoon.
yea...are you almost out?
mother nature has cruel april fools jokes...snow...in spring?!?!
they're actually called soft smores :p
yogawednesdays shud b killed in iowa to many flat bottoms....thanks for ruinin it CF
Big Island bound for 2 1/2 weeks.
Please pray for me.
Thanks!
Grammys this weekend!
: see ya there!
Getting into TIGERLILY'S ORCHIDS by my longtime fave Ruth Rendell.
where did ya pick up that nifty akill
Love the green color.
Great quality!
Fast shipping!!
Will buy again!
Wilma from New York, New York
it's really just pubes.
RT : hcms12 website of future will look more like a media site and less like a brochure.
good example.
Can't it be both?
Does anyone have an extra ticket to 's Seven on Seven tomorrow?
really wants to come!
Worst day ever 
Really?
eating Chipolte on the metro?
Taking up 2 seats?
Tattoo on your chest?
Burping?
Talking loudly on your phone?
embarrassing us all?
will be providing emergency overnight shelter tonight  tomorrow night with temps predicted to be in the 20s.
Don't these talking monkeys know that Eden has enough to go around?
First people at the social
BBN remember Is turning 18 tomorrow!Of course he been a man on da court for years!
But les show some luv with the B/D wishes
Will be teaching him Algebra.
Beginning at the beginning however.
PreAlgebra review.
We meet once a week so need to select a text.
Fun
we are not on the road on Monday.
We will be out tomorrow and the schedule will be posted tonight
Every person you meet knows something you don't; learn from them.
H.
Jackson Brown, Jr.
I truly love being able to execute a GLI wave with my fellow das autos
we're making brownie milkshakes today.
you probably need one!
actually i can hear the milkshake calling your name.
see YOU soon!
Weird.
There should be a more streamlined appeal / customer service / human escalation process.
TRAFFIC ALERT: All of Fourth Plain from Rossiter to Neal Lanes is closed due to hit and run fatal investigation.
there are people in the world that go to bed hungry, but there are people in America that exclude certain food from their diet.must be nice
lls mike, if u ever seen any!
o whatever lol I like a lot of different music he's just my favorite : always has been.
so he's almost won 2 races in the last 4 years?
That still sucks.
thats because you get to hang with Craig...
:
Holy shit did the cHeat actually sell out a game?!
Wow.
I hate not being able too sleep ..
This week we are in store for lovely weather, why not visit Planting Fields?
then why put first?
There's no point in using the word unless it's to imply that it is before others.
Out for a walk with my lovely ladies and puppies:
They are something else.
Now I have to get some Coffee with Irish Creamer in it.
Laterz
It's hot as balls out here
Anyone know how many of the corporations who pay little or no taxes due to loopholes have high number of employees on govt assistance?
via so the films that made our movies today possible aren't relevant?
that's ridiculous.
some applications learn words better than others.
Type ur word into safari's search and the iPhone will learn it.
a close second...
Does anyone want to slap the owner Diane if she goes Hmm one more time.
omg thanks and to u r my teddy bear!!!;
fall through and get on ir
I really hope Boston Clam Chowder is better than Chicagostyle pizza or I'm really gonna regret this decision
Yay!
It's being delivered or you're shopping?
IStandGRAND but ur already following me ;D so its all good
I'm so impatient, ugh I need a man.
tiredOfbeingsingle :/
I was mocking someone on youtube who thought that was true u idiot
I share my resolution with a couple basketball players.
I'll doctorp the believe within the hour
We are dying to see 1D in Vegas!!!
I forgot just how fun tweeting was.
This Kid on American idol singing usher is actually really good..
OMG!
Thank goodness someone agrees!
It has been a pleasure working with you!
But he's doing the same set.....
fawk
damn right.
That's great.
The bacon belt in itself is definitely
Elizabeth Berkley just tweeted using the hash tag imsoexcited.
Please tell me she is in on the joke.
I am still deciding about UNITY.
Champions Do Daily What Losers Are Only Willing To Do Occasionally.
Far more worrisome is reading Little House on Prairie books 2 my kids.
darky and redskin ?!
YIKES I did NOT remember that
Beyond tears today as I thank God for keeping my kids safe life can change in an instant.
Love you and thank God for you daily, Jared.
haha oh ok, you never know there's always something going on , I didn't want to miss out!
Appreciate every moment you get .
did he bring enough for everybody?
I could go for some good Chinese food.
oh that's a nice looking one
Thanks, Jentery.
It's becoming clearer now.
Go team!
thank you for sharing!
always a pleasure to read your thoughts.
You niggaz is pussy ,my time to b sexest, no equal rights maybe ill listen to the next bitch!!!
Do they have teeth?
If on street for any significant time, most do not.
haha and so are your maroon gowns
delegate count is a bit different other news orgs.
Among the differences is that we don't count unpledged RNC members.
Beer BQ time
Clara, you are young, pretty, and gay.
You doubtless selected me for your sweet confidence because I am middleaged, ungainly, and bald.1850
another column today with anonymous quotes.
When did you decide to sell out the journalism professorssion?
RG3, Caps playoffs, Nats/Harper/Stras.
DC suddenly a real sports town!
aww thanks!!
the sun came out today!
nope, you're right according to everyone else who replied haha.
Such a cutie!
What's up bro how's it going?
Hey u got any flows or songs u can email thanks
Freshmanyeartaughtme how immature freshman are.
I don't know what I want for lunch...
This time they tweeted agitated imagination
Crab bisque tonight for mondayfunday and new intervention and hoarders!
Also talls for smalls woot woot!
Well you say affect more change I personally think the timing is hysterical, just taking a big old poop all over Carolina
Congrats on making it to regional finals.
in this rain?
and the honey is knocked out..
lol
taking a trip to the nasty natti.
np Some Days
My stomach hurt :/
I got the cookies and booze; you got Gremlins?
's voice in their cover of What Makes You Beautiful could seriously rival the 1D boys.
It's fantastic!
No worry Heat fans.
You guys play Detroit towards the end of the month.
Then you and can claim the Heat are amazing again.
Happy Friday to you too!
RT : ISTE is looking for an educator to write an article for LL about Kindle Fire apps.
Pls RT and reply if interested.
Not excusing, trying to explain.
Millionaires that dont give a fair effort get the avg Joe mad.
Appreciate your good fortunes
oh gosh just let go seriously..
Enough is enough.
Smmfh here we go with the bullshit
In the bad times we realize who our real friends are....
Thank you!
Tell that to the second grader that gets sent to the office for making the same move at any school....
Grow up.
Happy Birthday Tibs!
XT50 Offers Online Video Workouts for Women.
I had never rec'd a request until today.
Didn't realize people still use it.
So much clickclacking at with Matmos.
Still waiting for the nudity.
wuts good chief
Had my first coffee today
The Flyers defeat the Pens 84 to take a 30 lead in the series...even got a little fists flying
You Guys Seriously Needa Follow ; She Will Change Your Life FOREVER Yo!!!
XD
OK, so we've had enough snow to barely cover my doctorveway.
And now I'm done with snow.
Bring on spring.
Freezing at Caltrain San Carlos
If I gave you sanity for the whole of humanity..
My hubby in the trenches again today empowering  supporting black boys with empathy  respect.
Criminal justice system is no such thing.
Lets party rock this Sat Flip cup tourney starts at 2pm!
.com to enter!
Days like today that I wish it was acceptable for me to consume alcoholic beverages while in my office.
.
We have our Italian Ice Social with the Dean today, too.
Hooray for dessert socials!
At Chicago Cultural Plan Town Hall meeting w/ EMBARC students.
Advocating for art/culture as a tool to transform lives of undeserved youth.
Get it Bo Bo
Yes!!!
:D there is  we decided to make one since there wasnt many out there LOL
I wonder if the caffeine concentration maintains its integrity or is absorbed, in part, by the critter.
;
Studying for finals.
ugh.
This is boring.
Juwan Just Called me bree i never herd him call me that
JW spoke the word today
too late,he didn't but he gave that fool a run for his money lol
Definitely not raiding my patches to display on my new DLux Messenger bag so I'll need new patches.
what the hell was winslow doing?
This is how God showed His love among us He sent His one and only Son into the world that we might live through Him.
Comedian Joey Kola is coming up...one of the funniest men alive.
Morgan texted me ;
How cool!
What did you do for them?
Please Note: The War Against Terror  TWAT
thanks a lot man!
i really appreciate it.
So far we are undefeated so watch out
why teach a man to fish when i can sell him a fish?
You're welcome Phillip.
Ladies if your avi is of u in a kayak than I think youre into kayaking If youre in the pic half naked posing Im thinking youre into sex
My birthday is in 5 days...
WHOA what's wrong??
Psh.
Haha if I were you I wouldn't.
:p
.
Muni should have just designed a pedestrian tunnel from Caltrain to Chinatown
not just any dog!
MY dog.
it's ok.
Good luck!
:
I have a couple of favorites from an old Petra album: Song of Moses; and Send Revival, Start With Me.
you'd rock both!
we aint in no relationship gurl lmfao i'm single out here for da time being and gon be dis way for a brick
says very poor an ample safety net.
But each night, almost 700,000 are homeless.
We need more focus on poor, not less.
Hon.
Do Those Come In Not Ugly?
Its not what they do that hurts you.
.
.
Its that they dont tell you they did it when you thought you were who they shared everything with.
i,am, bAcK
Once when I wake up
you were getting too conceited, had to bring you back down to earth lol
just got back from basketball don't have practice til FRIDAY!
that's cool
Reading 's eulogy for the Big Man.
It's truly lovely, describing a life too big for words.
Sorry, just unPC thoughts!
finally got social media disconnected.
Returning to the simple life feels good.
:
Roses A free dozen roses to anyone coming in to our store in issaquah during the next hour.
Don't u just hate a button Dick.
A Dick that don't hang to the left or right but just sit right in front.
maybe just maybe she'll go away :P
phew, thanks.
I kind of felt lame.
ImminentDanger Roy: Series, discussion greatly needed.
Painful, bec we're so invested.
But shouldnt most invested speak?
ah the good life.
Yikes RT : it's a good thing noone's forcing you to watch it.
Also, your twitter handle sucks.
I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU GUYS AT WARPED!
Aw man.
It's snowing.
I guess I'll turn the heat on.
Maybe....
Why is it that my Korean mom, 1 champion of all things Korean and quality raver of Korean things, refuses to buy Korean cars?
can't remember how i found this site, but he's really good at filtering the BS.
Make sure you click on all posts on the right.
Whats up...
doing homework in my room...
All done :D
jesus christ get jamey wright's old ass out of the game
Thanks for the Eco RT's!
that picture makes me want to vom
GUKPTThanet Main Event starts today  500 6Max  Follow progress via and  The Trip Leader!
LOL we always laughed at that story.
My Dad would tell it all the time.
Yeah...don't know what they thought when they found it.
As I don't know about tomorrow, I never save the best for later.
Paulo Coehlo 
Nice!!!
Ive heard that album is good!
I'm alive but I'm alone
so, polish parade huh?
hooray!
congrats!
59pm, best parking is on Senate Ave or 11th St.
Free admission!
i am gonna kill you in your sleep.
Who is trying to proof read a paper for me?
first to tweet to????
Happy birthday!
DontWifeThatChickIf she think girls are hot....that shit is fucking gay
Serousrly can't go 2 days with out fighting or pissing her off 
Everyone has been working hard to make it a great day!
Even new carpet installed in the conference room!
Looks great!!
the paris hilton sex tapes, probably.
Your definatly going to hear a beastie boys set tonight with !
U CAN MAKE IT!!!
EVERYONE CAN!
I'll BE PRAYING FOR YOU!!!
You WILL survive!!!
RyanKennedy 3 3
is the funniest person I know
I would say when applying to a position, make sure you have related experience and if its not obvious by your resume and positions you've...
ur from teenwolf n what eles cuz I feel like I've seen ur face in another show but don't noe where ?
sweet man, can't wait to see them.
Morning Showers  Night Showers !.
Hey Hey Ana, Does Mariah Carey have a star?
If not, will she be getting one anytime soon?
follow me ; 
always shred charge receipts, credit applications, insurance forms, physician statements, and credit offers you get in the mail.
Thomas is funny dude
Israel bound!
update 1.
Fox pregame is so much better than CBS!
Without the need to literally run back and forth to school anymore, I have joined a gym in which I can do my running.
was a little old man  it seemed his coff  cake was his treat 4 the day he paid with loose change.I was the fool buying  coffee
the city is closing the Lincoln Branch library on E 7 mile.
literacy is a low low priority in this town.
smh
lololol I get wild too
Jp mitch so how bout them rangers?
let's get it up!
Dude, picture this: corrugated METAL.
Booyakasha!
And, yes, of course you may visit.
today is my father BDay Happy Birthday dad!
enjoy your 52yrs
I know :.
Thanks for all the excellent thoughts.
Really appreciate them.
Baltimore bound.
Jonathon's sleeping.
Brent and Brandon are listening to the game.
Preston's watching Love Guru.
We  you 
Panda Express.
Thanks for the follow !
See you round the hood.
The Chocolate Library will feature 1 charitable chocolate each month starting with Rescue Chocolate www.rescuechocolate.com this month
Do u know if mom got the car
I do that but only with netflix.
At 6 I will sit down to do some work then at 9 I realize I watched some Heroes and GA but no work
The new NC Conversations includes articles by Phoebe Zerwick  Rob Amberg, photos by Christine Rucker.
Download freewww.nchumanities.org.
Tease me like you do, But it just fuels my desire.
Love or lust, It just adds fuel to the fire, Fuel to the fire.
It's do damn hott at tee house right now!!!!!
And all the stupors doctornk underage people is annoying!!
Getting brisk outside ...
we have the One Wonder skullies coming ...
All this weed talk does is remind me that I need to cut and trim the lawn :
Public commenter asks council about San Diego's Prop A affect on bayfront.
Mayor Cox tells him that's a different jurisdiction.
Week one of Brandt crossfit paleo challenge almost over!
How do you guys feel?
BNF has web archives of a real and fake websites.
Lawyers were interested.
BNF was good enough as a credible archiving org
: call/chat Amazon support.
they'll send you a new one, probably
It means I no longer have to get my product out there.
Someone does all the work for me and pays me monthly.
It's perfect!
U and I know I'm talking about you...
The BOSS DIVA don't advertise names bitch!
Lol.
sweet.
Still can't figure out why they would doctorp Bbc in Sirius
Lost doggy in the CD!
Kind people just knocked on my door but she isn't mine.
Holler if you're missing your four legged pal.
Dear Haters, I have so much more for you to be mad at.
Just be patient.
Triple X
About to do a shot of makers mark.
I'm gonna sleep like a baby...
It even included a subtle Judge John Hodgman reference
You're welcome, but it's purely selfish.
I reallyreallyreally want to see them live again.
I miss you!!
Lol;
What a fantastic night for Karaoke at Rustys Old 50
It won't help bc I'm working against you!
FuckSmallMarkets RT : We've just got to focus on Tuesday.
Finals are done!
Yay
Quick break for my lunch of a warm coke and a Nutty Bar and back to work.
r u following back?
open mic tonight at the Cellar Lounge 3601 w Sahara.
No genre left behind sign ups at 8pm
To effectively use the Blessing of God for prosperity, we must give God something to work with.
nicki minaj just shitted on em....lmao you already know.
doctorke is still fine..!
wayne
Good morning Tweeps!
Welcome new followers!
Awesome!
I'm running my first half in Nov.
Planning a summer wedding?
Buy wine at awarding winning Wine  Roses June 10  save.
Can never have too much bubbly!
just let me get through this week.
And I don't even want to be all up on anyone's TV, but I'm JUS' SAYIN'!
Erry season turn turn and shit, but damn.
post me some!!
Thank you to for showing some love to the Baltimore HFTwestival.
Love you.
Calling RentaHusband
thanks 4 staying true to what u believe Used 2 let people overtake mine u helped me find them again.
Religiousproud of it!
Reason I miss the MW: When I look at the stars, I C possibility.
Living in NYC, cant C stars so much...
harder 2 reach 4 them!
the giveaway from last season?
i have 5 of them.
:p
There's nothing brighter than
you bet
yeah was on the east coast for 10 days.
minh finally told me to hit u up in brooklyn like the last day i was there.
he's a dork!
strangely, it doesn't say anything about you.
IT'S JUST BLANK.
are you real?!
: Chillin at my home away from home on Tuesdays!!!
Chillin how r u
I'm making everyone eat at Taqueria Llamas for dinner tonight because it has llamas in the name...
And I really like llamas...
;
I monkey don't stop a show
Buff boners were broken tonight.
I'm not accusing any person.
It happens a lot though.
Like when ppl be like I'm finna move I hate Mke that's what Imsayin
Time to go workout!
BEEFCAKE!
We will take the Tankdown to a whole new level.
We will rock the Dome on every score!
Unlucky man city go on Chelsea
I admire and adore you.
: I'd rather be admired than adored.
Adoration stems from perception.
Admiration stems from reality.
What do little piglets do on a Saturday night?
Have a pigjama party!
You're welcome.
Thank you...I'm trying to stay cool too.
: Temperature is going back up.
You make my heart melt, its cold to the core
oh...
imma look it up
Tough to notice in Vegas, but my personal style has absorbed a lot of southern CA.
I like feeling laidback.
RT Food and beverage lead visitor spending at 25 followed by retail spending.
Gr8 food and beverage here in wisc!
So wait, you're coming over right?
:
50s and sunny not your idea of a winter wonderland, east coasters?
Chances of snow in Aspen this weekend  100!!
or bust.
You seriously don't know who Paul McCartney is?
It's the parents' fault.
Kids these days...
Overheard in a doctor's office: I've been waiting so long, I think I've recovered.: hahaa.
just doctorp it all .
goodbye mariah .
final .
have fun with your life .
sincerly kassie kay law .
Maybe.
Well, that's too bad.
Sorry to give false info.
I want, I want, I want to be loved by you.
3
getting a car for L.A.?
Morning, Loves!
Diggin' this: We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
W.
Churchill
In Cali!
Crossing the SanFrancisco bridge..long as hell
Chauffeuring Ms.
Daisy.
Working on a solo industrial prequel to the next Dethcentrik album...
that's fine hun!!!
When are we getting it!?!?
That's gone be hott!!!
I'm doing everything 3 minutes faster today so I get it all done in 23 hours.
Honestly, I don't love you.
I hate you SO MUCH.
But I can't tell you about it.
I'm too PITY of you haha meanlaugh
Dear magazine have ur editors lost their collective minds?
How is that not child porn?
That kid is old enuf 2 b in school!
need to take there ass to bed with this freaky shit tonight
That was the tournament 2014 guard scored 108pts thru a 3 game stretch.
Tim Armstrong on changing the web: the web needs to change its look and feel and that change will come from storytellers.
Mad rush from Union station to the tribune tower to do a video training session.
Go!
News McIlroy splits from agent Chandler after 4 years U.S.
Open champion Rory McIlroy has split from agent Chubby Chandler.
No Youth Court over the holiday weekend  Happy Independence Day!
If she really dwn fa u, make sure it's 'military crawl' dwn.
Letters were mailed to all members.
Landlord dispute caused the closure.
They're refunding memberships, this ISN'T a scam.
wow!!!
Behind your back nothing but net!
Once nuclearblast  metalblade resolve the ongoing bidding war for disto rights.
According to , national champion BCHockey will throw a ceremonial first pitch before tonight's game.
I always end up at metal shows.
WHY.
Thanks for comin out!
Three new friends.
Give a warm Anna Maria Island welcome to: Tome, Bobbette, and Barry!
GC Europe appoints new president
night night Lebrick Bulls ALL DAY!!!
that makes sense to me
good girl.
Like his 80's stuff, but the stuff that made him famous is his best.
The University of Phoenix Southern AZ Campus is hosting a Law Enforcement Career Workshop.
Tomorrow.
36pm.
Call 9164485802.
Powerful shoot by 
Over the past 3 days I have spent more than 6 hours on the phone w/techs in India and Florida to try to figure out why my machine
Yes it was.
Great to meet you !
Congrats Ovi.
2nite's the nite 4 1 : Ovechkin's 30th career playoff goal ties him with Peter Bondoctor for the Caps franchise lead
CivicEd is a wonderful thing!
But I've chosen public service because I've walked around my city, not because I sat in a class.
Don't let a virus ruin your hard work.
Dell recommends McAfee to protect that paper you've been writing all semester.
u iz ok i promiz.
don b sad
I think I just got hit on.
On the kennedy.
In traffic.
We said we wouldn't join Twitter until the world ended.
Since the rapture came and went, here we are!
i freaking hate KOBE he's to cocky but he's a great player..
Considering how much hair I swept up after giving Dan a haircut he should have no hair left.
awesome!
Fyi, we are off 2nite but resume next thurs!
Come on down!!!
haha oh you mad??
I'm back in town for a week or two.
Let me know if you ever want to have lunch at the Google office here in Austin and catch up.
boys like girls 3
my sleep has been all kinds of messed up lately!
Listening to a group of older friends dare one another to add another shot of espresso into their coffees.
I love it.
RT Stay away from people who are always looking for flaws, they are only there to tear you down so they can feel better.CMS
you will like him a lot  beautiful energy  great to listen to
i need new twitter username ideas...
help me out
when are we gunna chill?
Pressible just passed 100 sites on our publishing network!
Show was a hit!
Enjoyed working w everyone.
Pilot killed in plane crash in Fitchburg.
Second aircraft crash in Central Mass.
of the day.
MONDAY  Hey, It is Nat'l Police Week.
These guys and gals work hard and take risks for us.
Thanks folks.
Preschool zoo field trip :
God damn.
Everything is awful today.
The weather, my mood, the pain in my ass from falling off the couch and landing on my boot heel.
FUCK
ahh okay im sorry : still try to have a merry Christmas though!
hugs
Well, then, Beth, I will be certain that you get a fair share of it!
Very few men have the power of voice  persuasion that Obama does.
One more out to go!!
Laying down for the night, text it.
iv been sayin it for a month rock
Ray Allen: we know who we're dealing with, 76ers know who they're doing with
I'll be ya Grilfren .
If you really want me to.
Just play ya part, them im gonna stay with you.
3
Four hours of snowshoeing today.
Time for some dinner!
Wow.....greatest league in the world!!!!
cc:
RIP Donna Summer The Queen of Disco.
Spent many hours dancing to your music while growing up.
You will be missed!
An all nighter thanks to the world's best coffee ever made...now every time I look at the word Santorum I think it says scrotum...
I'm very happy only 10 more followers until I reach 100 
Thinking about us..
There's nothing worse than putting in hours of editing only to have your computer crash .
Now idk when this video will be up.
Saw this.
Brilliant.
It's cool, cause we've always been like doctorke and Nicki anyways
wow great pic!
An ice cream festival?
Down the street in Charlotte?
Um of course I'm going.
Happy Birthday from honeymoon.
Late, but still...
Day just keeps getting better
Good to see lots of friends including you 2/: thanks for the hospitality tonight.
Enjoyed everything 
RT : Q4: Running with music: is it a distraction or motivation?
Explain your position.
definitely keep them coming.
They are great!
kids before!' We'd turn into the old people we laugh at lmao!
I just read that!
Hello Chicago!
Best Monday special!
50 off any bottles of wine in the menu!
Salute Cucina  Wine Bar!
46 E.Superior Call 3126640100
About to hit up south beach
It's a bird!
It's a plane!
Oh wait..
It's the flying fuck I will never give.
Using your library concept video to start a conversation for digitalready libraries.
i've spent a good part of my day fixing staplers.
ugh.
i guess as long as the men speak softly?
ps  this is a GREAT day for curly hair ;
Im literally laughing at you
And tcpwatch is still useful, too!
Thanks for the great tool!
I'm DJing 's 14th Anniversary party from 5:308:30 today.
All this sunshine means I'm cranking the soul and disco.
Been meaning to speak to you but..........
8181818 I  your icon  username :
MTTS: Interested in Haiti?
Join Robert Fatton  doctor Rebecca Dillingham for, Haiti: The People, Politics and Plans for the Future on Sept.
25
haha.
I wish I could give away iPadsbut no.
Not sure if I'd rather be napping or out Dyngusing...
Both?
Medical Alert Website is up and running.
Let us know what you think!
Thanks!
It's sad how desperate I am.
Merry Christmas from all of us here at Brite Revolution!!
Why the hell do socks need to come in a resealable package?
Are you okay?
Must find away, and fast.
lifechallenges only makes me go harder, and smile even bigger.
i know haha, but she had posted pictures of 'herself'...and wow, not a fan of an MIA broadcaster, cheating the viewers!
i feel like that makes the ride a whole lot more awkward..
lol :
lol I know u dnt want that ass whooping :
I wasn't, but I think I should check it out now that I am.
loving life..things couldnt get any better!
3
what would you name your direwolf?
lol snoop gone pull a no show
lmao I'm tryna grab some tracks from you
You Wanna Be Loved Stop Bein' A Hoe!
I saw Steve aoki and manu superstars in Vegas last week.
I've got skrillex 1 on Pandora.
Something about that music....
..
i've heard the Occupiers love Romney.
Over half the Brewers games were sold out and we can't afford Prince?
C'mon, How can this be?
www.TopTierLegalGroup.com
I amwriting posts, poems, articles, and working on a websitein that order.
Busy Wednesday!
Yeah, would not surprise me.
butt ur married dude
I'm with you, kid.
One of the most clever shows I've watched.
RIP
Follow us individually: and !
Also, Steve never tweets, but has a ridiculous number of followers for never tweeting.
you know you've won the argument when Molly tells you to shut up.
my initial reaction to that story: I wonder who that sample guy is in real life.
mister First Middle Last Name?
Just Finished Watching Deadly Voyage...old movie but still great!!!!
A Job well Done
I like the way you think.
Unless they don't like that private life of course
Sexy can I!!!
Hide your wife and kids....
is on twitter!
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it.
William Arthur Ward
I woke up this morning with a hangover and a signed Magic Johnson basketball.
itsokbecauseitsforcharity?
Are you ready to doctornk some more or are you still recovering from New Years?
LOVE that you're a King!!
You have such great spirit.
Can't wait to see you get some more time on the floor!
: Strong believer in if you can't handle a person at their worst you don't deserve them at their best.
realtalk
My family's so awesome, we watch Christmas movies all year long fromatreehouse?
if i wrap a ribbon around my finger, stare at an object and count to 30 i'll be sober.
beautiful art!
Thanks for the follow :
boy oh boy ...
tis the season to turn up
Bout to turn 25 in a couple hours.........
JH: you should be specific with an employment policy.
Perry is running fast and loose.
I just want a thick rican wit a phatty Ill wife it
you got a problem with us?
LOLOL
Hm.
You think you know, but you have no idea
Cracked My IPhone.
Gunna Get It Fixed And Giving It To My Brother!
Getting A IPhone4!!
Manuel Castells kicking us off  lineup includes Benkler, Monge, Nosh Contractor, Wendy Hall and many others  today  tmister
Opening and rent audition this week?!
Love your 30 Things to do before 30 list!
your not even my girl and i miss you like this
dude it was great!
Better than the first one.
How is recital prep stuff?
Work it baby!
Some cool new services are on the horizon.
Stay tuned for details
ha nah lol
Universal in their signification
I also grew up around possums, though not quite that intimately.
America's marsupial.
rt SHOUTOUT TO ALL MY NEW AN OLD FOLLOWES!!!!
TEAMVIP
Next Wednesday!
Starts at 5pm.
How did u watch all the seasons???
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.
Vince Lombardi US football coach
Thank you, Ms.
Anna!
I'm excited too  onward and upward.
:
Looking forward to extending my NCAA pickem lead over and I have some good upset picks for today's games paint?
I hate that!!!
Was it your first cup??
Leaving for the theater.
I don't know how to contain my excitement, I might cry....
seriously though.
ah !
is about to get a shout out on Kiss 97.3!
Thanks for listening.
IM HERE NY

hahaa , i sent you a pic of some medicine .
did you get it ??
.
it's nice to see Sup.
Deasy is getting innovative.
TY!
It was an awesome day!
:
In case you missed it, the iTunes problem is fixed.
Thanks for listening!
poor choice 4Anybody but ObamaRT : Its unbelievable a guy in jail took 40 of the Democratic Presidential primary vote...
RT : Every Saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
Oscar Wilde
Tonight I'm speaking on Women in Technology's panel A Style to Match Your Brand.
Do you have a style that matches your brand?
thanks for the follow.
just applied to be an affiliate.
Yep, me too.
My grandma could have written better soft porn than that.
.
.
.
When you are in Love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your doctorams.
doctorSeuss
Houston and Dallas seem a lot closer on the map
Happy to be on a panel talking about the humanities in the digital age with and  right now, in fact!
Yassss then they send u mix signals !
Was ChenGuangcheng wronged by ?
We should stand by those who suffer political persecution abroad.
China RT
man i been knocked tha fuck out
So happy Xtina's team didnt win..shes annoying!
we do
I'm already looking forward to this weekend.
Lol
Exciting jam in the making, Rotties  Natasha, Maulers  Asa
When did the GOP stop being the party of less government and fiscal accountability and just become the national voice of angry lunatics?
How's the project coming along?
: PGH native to host race for alopecia areata.
Feel free to chat about us.
: We would love your support!
were great  opened for on the BeautifulFreaksTour!
Follow for the latest Action Item news!
:
Nothing will work unless you do Maya Anglou
Terrible way to start off the day...waking up late.
I've had trouble with plants in pots either doctoring out or molding, but I am no expert.
Do you use Albums on your Facebook Page?
Post photos to your Twitter Account?
A Portfolio on ?
thanks greg!
Call me maybe at the bar is not acceptable
Try shellac!!
RT : RT : My nail polish has been chipped for the past week.
I'm letting myself go!
Thank you Aria for the refollow.
yeah my whole life.......
WHAT'S GOOD EVERYBODY IT'S COLD OUTSIDE BOUT TO WORK OUT STILL C
Watching Al Sharpton on MSLSD is enough to make your head explode.
Pass the duct tape!
Happy Leap Day!
150 Pain Management Physicians to Know  Becker's Orthopedic amp; Spine
I didn't have him DowntheStretch but did have him on my fantasy team so it was all good!
MY daughter picked out an outfit for the dog and its to big even though its an xsmall
...
we've got a huge problem...chicago misses u...
please come back...
4 me?
RT this if u love chicago as much as we love u
aww ok.
I'll definitely be praying for him!
I'm in covina.
Ontario was sold out
I write stupid things when I'm not concentrating
A girl asked me today: What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in public?
I replied: A goat.
For the Lord grants wisdom!
From his mouth come knowledge and understanding.
Proverbs 2:6
The Mind is a Funny Thing, Don't Believe Everything You Think.
Tonight's pint night is the duvel art glass: starts at 6......
Always happy to provide you with freelance opportunities.
Ah.
You can't say no to anything because you don't want to be rude...
and it's all so delicious...
Milwaukee is lucky to have the When I was little, my mom and I would always share Anstronaut IceCream from the gift shop.
I take my skills check offs on May 14th, and May 19th I take National Registry...
So that means May 20th, you can call me Medic Lucky :
Studying for my permit 
Excellent customer service store Hammond Aire Plaza.
Kudos to Bobby Stewart!
I know we have water stops set up; I'll check on maps for ya.
Just another day closer to the end of highschool.
RT : Thanks to FF, now following
Comprehensive Pension Reform initiative got it's name today: Prop B.
And don't get me wrong, I love Kevin Williamson.
But I wonder how much of the script got revised without him.
Phantom confetti still falling at Miller Park.
I'll take it as another omen.
I love you too!
nice, i'm watching a movie.
so what made u wanna follow me?
Done deal!
members are welcome to come to RESS event tonight feat.
Melanie Healey
but ending mostly on the road...
mostly a good thing for this team.
we'll throw a catie carden welcome party if you come!
Headed to unionsquare tonight to support the new ows occupation  be there in
gearing up for a busy day of appengine coding....
what time
My short Horror Movies Suck just won Best Horror Short at the 15 Minutes of Fame Film Festival.
LMAO I love you RT : i laugh so hard  loud when i talk to my Brian, bitch!
:.
my bestie!!!
Acreage Music  Chili cook off tomorrow!
Curtis  Luckey headlining, Chili Chicks and awesome chili everywhere!
W.acreagechilifest.com.
I've been one of those persons who never goes anywhere without a thermometer, a hot water bottle, a raincoat, and a parachute
its basketball way to early
Sixteen hours, fifty two minutes until my birthday.
3
blacberry Apps you should download!: Opera Mini Yahoo Go Tiny Twitter Windows Live Messenger Yahoo Messenger Google Talk Messenger
Cant wait to see my gurlll Kayla 3 : Next year we will party.
just saw your movement pass the restaurant I'm in on 18th.
March on!
Keep up the good work!
And if you want to lower carbon emissions, you might want to check out our climate change program.
True dat!
: wow, Krypto has MAD SKILLZ.
Scary skillz, but they are his nonetheless.
Probably how we should decorate Camp Limbus
Hope everyone has a three day weekend like us!
Air Force leader: Some pilots want to avoid F22
Haha, so ridiculous.
Lemme check my stash .
.
Let's see what I'm finna cheef on !
Save Chickfila for Sunday.
And acting alone, accept everything alone
No, i don't know her
What is our strategy anyway?
Me and he was awesome
dis key lime pie bruh OMG : 
angels fly for you Cody :
aw, that's cute
RT : It is NOT enough to simply put americans back to work.
We need to put them back to jobs with livable wages!
RT how do you propose we reduce the high rate of sexual abuse in people with autism?
Thank you!!!
beauty!
: Congrats Julia!
RT : Just Got Word I've been nominated for another Daytime Emmys Award!!!
Watching my cat make biscuits never ceases to make me smile
Greatest middle name ever: Waitforit.
im rooting for you gl gl
Love this, Ginny!
Hope ur having a gd wknd.
: RT : Know your limitations and then defy them.
Unknown
Yo Easter is a lonely ass day when your family is 3,000 miles away : Happy Easter
and i don't know how it gets better than this, you take my hand and doctorg me head first fearless 3
My thoughts are prayers are with you and your family.
Please find strength in knowing that she will be in a better place.
God bless.
1st day of taking bus to work
Tip for Business Owners : Notice when you have frequent or repeat customers; on the phone, via email, or in person, be aware of the number o
I don't waaaana go to school
You act like that is a bad thing
That's where I wanted to go when my friend ditched me and took the car.
We're staying an extra day just to do that next time.
Its all about production and money.
theydon'tcare
Randy Moss
Going out on a date w/ DH tonight getting to eat gf PFChangs and then see Hunger Games.
2nd time 4 me.
Should be a great date night!
Whatever life gives you, even if it hurts, just be strong  act like you're okay.
Cos strong walls shake but never collapse
You are invited to attend the MVP Meeting Tuesday September 13th at 5:30pm in the Carriage House!
flyers Stanley cup here we come
Mon 4/23 I'm DJing at this show  Chain and the Gang...
First women subtract from their age, then they divide it, and then they extract its square root.
When is the ring ceremony??
I wanna see the bling!!
yup!
we sure do..nothing like it lol
Welcome, darn good idea.
Oh ...we can't stay mad at you.
3 3 3 Thanks for the Alec Baldwin thing.
On way to pick up my chuties
lol we rode until it died !
We don't always get the opportunity to say Those Kinds of Things ..
I'm so glad that you did.
animal house, back to school, risky business
Once upon a time when you said 'Indian Rights' in Oklahoma, nobody thought we had any.
A lot has changed.
professorBill Rice 
what can't Adam complain about?
.....
Blowing smoke up his a 
sorry I didn't get a chance to say goodbye.
Had to run back to Oakland.
Thx for all the ideas!
Wow this is a great game!
He enjoyed his trip wayy too much.
Is it just me?
James Patterson's commercials annoy me.
Never read any of his books  commercials don't make me want to start now.
good night.
Posting to our blog Connected Connections.
Check it out!
www.connectedi.wordpress.com.
Jesus  you better tell a cop to stay at your house
it was great seeing you !
have a blast in kauai...
March in National Nutrition Month!
Get your plate in shape with these fantastic tips!
Got any you'd like to share with us?
: best article in my 4 years here, died laughing through the entire thing
hi michelle, that sounds good
Carly Bales.
What's she afraid of?
The infinite.
Her mom explained reincarnation as a fact when Carly was six.

Your Tweet Treat will be valid for you when you get back!!!
No worries....Stay warm!
Windows Phone!
What in the hell is a Letter of Agreement?
They write the thing on a restaurant napkin with a Sharpie?
if you creeping creep onn me 3
No longer wants to postpone anything in lifeenjoy life now
Ees muy nice!
RT : awesome award from its heavy n gorgeous, gonna tip me ovr luggage wt lolz
Oh you are just the worst kind of person.
no it's free :
I love Jersey Shore!!!!
yeah man ;
Some people r just assholes
: words that helped me...absolutely.
great choice.
:
check out the new background!
got to love the Austrians
Yo, y'all gonna get up off me though.
LOL
Now someone wants to know if the subpeona is ready for her sister.
Good answer :
been to the last 8 in a row only an hour from me
's Allan Levey on red wine: There is scientific evdience to support that it makes you feel good.
Why the hell did my parents turn the a/c off ?!
Hey what happen my friend....
Happy Monday!
Celebrate the start of the week with us.
Great food, hot tables, energetic entertainment and new slots!
thanks for the RT's  Spreading awareness is the first step to finding a solution!
I really hate that Haterade is using the Jordan sick game vs.
Utah for a commercial.
Thanks for the props sir dude!
je suis horrible at french pronunciation
Sorry Nathan, the sidewalk sale was over the weekend!
We still have lots of cheap books in the store tho!
And definitely excited to see !
Cookery has become a noble art, a noble science; cooks are gentlemen.
Robert Burton
Uhh...
What Happened To Top THREE?
Phillip Wasn't Even In The Video...
If I read another article on how great the Hobbit will be, when it is not even in production yet, I'll puke.
Yup.
Whatever you purchase appears in the online reading room, which you can access from laptop, ipad, iphone.
3 soccer game days in a row having to maintain small talk with ex inlaws while maintaining soccer mom demeanor!
JMSR coming soon.
Some hard efforts this week, but also tapering off.
Timeinthesaddle in the big event.
I'm just in the little boys race
Ah it works, but not in Word97 compatability mode.
Gotta be 2007's .DOCM Sigh.
doctorg kicking  screaming into 2007.
:
Gladwell is defining the effects of being hit in the head in graphic detail.
Good morning !
the three sided bread
IU you get to meet the WILDCATS today !!!
Better send the women and kids home it is not going to be nice !!!!
GO BIG BLUE !!!!!
I definitely don't hate them, I'm just usually trying to snap landscapes from straight down.
Damn wing is always in my way!
Primo spot in chinatown, right outside urban outfitters w/ tacos al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan purple potato, and barbacoa.
Let's do this
I think the headline is supposed to be ironic.
That and Singapore, SK and Taiwan were all historically rather autocratic, too.
They laid them all off, going to an almostallnews format.
Brent is not happy.
Protip for marketers with fake hot chick professorles: Change the default iStockphoto filename.
Bush league.
I always assume if anyone is up at this hour then it's pornographic.
I, on the other hand, came home empty handed.
Lol
It is a disgusting organization of pedophiles.
No joke.
I still need my cookie dough that I ordered from him..
that looks horrible indeed.
Today is the last day of the Garden Expo at Alliant Energy CenterExhibition Hall!
Ends at 4 p.m.
Watching Miami Heat at New York Knicks with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Okc protecting home court.
That's all.
U live by jump shots u die by em...2nd2none
Schools are rallying to stop closing students shut down a board meetingb
will follow 800 people?!
i really hope i'm one of those lucky 800 people!
Two hours away from getting my badass face tattoo!
Permanent eyeliner, so not a Mike Tyson!
hey thanks for tweet me happy birthday really appreciate it
8 allows teams who play in nonpower conferences to prove they can win three in a row vs the power conferences.
I don't know...
heat death of the universe sounds pretty good right now!
Just created a Twitter account for my acupuncture practice.
Had been putting this off for weeks!
if its SDPL, they're just happy you wore shoes.
When is yr album comin out?
: Seeing how bad some people have it really makes you appreciate what you have.
someone always has it worse
Join Paula Musich on May 8th  11:00 at booth 876 to discuss WAN Optimization.
Hahahahahahahahah bryandaddy u gunna have to stop being so mean!
JoI wish I would've been mean to your mother then I wouldn't be si ...
I asked and she was like idk how the hell hahha
First I went to the credit card site  notice there was not a charge for a gift card.
Back to ITunes site  found I never...
Obviously I enjoy standing out in the cold at the airport.
Thanks for making me walk to a ridiculous place and not being here.
thank u baby girl...ur coming tonight??.:
Part of why I am curtailing the late night snacks.....not that I have been doing them recently......will BB on later, til then!!
Who do you think would trade a goalie for 17th?
better talk right .
dont let no muthafuckn conversation let you lose yo life !
It's sad that I have to use Hootsuite bc I have way to many twitter names
If U could ask Nigel Barker 1 question, what would it be?
see if he answers your ?
in an exclusive interview coming soon!
yeah that's closer haha
Thank you both for the best year of my life.
I love you guys with all of my heart 626forever 
mkay...
I can totally see myself jacking up my settings doing this, but hey, I'll try anything once.
Total body fitness is definitely the best way to go!
It's Metro Monday at Tampa Bay restaurants.
Say Metropolitan Ministries at time of purchase  LG donates 20 to MM.!
Getting ready for day 2 Doing Antonio proud  seeing Coheed.
Devo should be great 2!
Paul
It showed on MTV so I don't think the video is officially out yet?
so how you feelin
Yes I really do wish to stop following that loser I mean
well played.
Send one over this way!
Plastic coffee stirrers, unless we all agree to get together and build something magnificently useful out of the wooden ones.
almost to 100 followers : tell your friends to follow me especially your fans lol :D
You're probably right about the iPad 3.
In our office we really hope they announce a new Apple TV.
Will you Pleasee Follow me or at Least RT this it Would mean the World to me !
:D
That's a little Frankenteiny lol
otherwise just
Call of duty blackops online killing niggas
Excited to spend time with my dad tomorrow 
Good morning, Twitterverse!
I hope a good weekend was had by all and I hope your day is off to a great start!
Hey!
If we get 100 likes on this we will put up some acoustic songs for FREE DOWNLOAD!
Let's go!
uCantBeToughAndSay I can't find my night light
It's a Vicks rub kind of night.
Throw me a bone and let me sleep without coughing my lungs up!!
no we are taught about his life and actions not trivial facts like that
LOLRT : Thought I found some Bigfoot doctorppings, but it was just an old Us Weekly with Snooki on the cover.
And that is the reality of the 21st century shift in education.
please followmefunnymatt you are amazingly funny
I too love u xoxox!
3 thanks a lot!
no jus being thankful thts all
Looking forward to its rating...
Students have more opportunities to share about a wider range of topics.
looking forward to this weekend with , , , , and !
In South Texas  need some custom tees?
Save time, money  hassle  check us out!
San Antonio's finest in apparel screen printing.
Client is an hour late, hmm, called and had the wrong time.
Awkward, session will be trimmed down because I have another client
Man, COD Black Ops servers are tripping!!!
Thanks 3arch for messing up ONCE AGAIN!!!
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Bill Cosby
Mexican fiesta with  erin
RT Neil MacGregor has a new book that tells the History of the World thru 100 objects.
Big deal.
Let's see him juggle them.
We...love....music
Gottah Smell Like Peaches  Cream .
.
.
Can't Smell Like Shit Like The Rest Of Yhall .
what is up with the sound at this thing?
Smithsonian developing Unit Digitization Plan guidelines for aardvarks to Zorro's mask.
Time to partay!
Ha!
No sum of money could get me in tights
The bloody mary's at wineanddinewi were superb!
Thanks to all that attended our Cloud Luncheon.
Stay tuned, we'll be hosting another soon.
The last 3 times I went to the DC courthouse I spotted a male cardinal perched in the same tree out front.
Today he wasn't there.
Deeper Than The Ocean
: NoteToSelf, check to see if Bernstein was one of the writer's on Lost PDXCandide An excellent theory!!!
80 in the early games could very easily turn into 08 in the night games!
I gotcha lol
yo bro, which Publix do you work at?
and how've you been?
Is Mitt our Baltar?
The PB Marketing Board had a great meeting last night at BelAir Cantina.
Where's your favorite place for Taco Tuesday?
Anyone here on Twitter engaging in countereconomics?
Senators make a great trade: losing Carkner for Dubinsky is a big advantage for
Pull my toenails out with pliers or enter my billable hours in for the week.
Decisions.
It's not showing me who retweeted me last tweet, so just me!
It's National Kiss Day..
someonee give me kiss :D
LOL look out  is eyeing your ice cream!
2 points?
When did Tebow get traded to the Falcons?
Seriously?
is here the same night as heartless bastards...
The chances of that are 1/366...
sure, let's go with that
Thanks for the mentions !
Haha 4 in my career.
Take 2 hit to right.
InMiddleSchool  Hey BT, you going to the Sabres game?
blah blah blah blah blah hahaha Sabres
Hopefully the first of many!!!
no doubt
all the guys I have dated have been my height or slightly taller.
and, don't get me wrong,I love Canadians!
I'm heading to Kelowna tomorrow for a few days.
Your hot girls are actually NICE.
Cool.
If you hang out with guys that like Tool it shouldn't be a problem to find it.
: Depends.
We'll talk.
Are you meeting fans both Sat and Sun?
Kill the fakery!
It is a little strange knowing that a chunk of the world now knows what my laugh sounds like.
So good!!
I just finished Mockingjay.
Please tell me when you finish so we can discuss.
Ha I will hold my tongue until then..
Basically I just want a job like 's okay that's all I want
Yeah Doe!
The Stress Escape pkg sounds amazing right now!
RT It's National SpaWeek!
Whats your favorite treatment to help you relax?
All of us girls have that one friend who goes after every single ex boyfriend, or boy we talk to....
BUT We need to let others know what theyR doing They are part of OIL problems  Are funding the
I love giving crap about his love for crap, I mean creamed corn.
lol I bought it like the day it came out when it was on the new and noteworthy list :p
M0J0JUJU same here, but my parentseric were in the shed obvismokingweed  I took the beer pong table off the porch.
Isn't there a new teenage heartthrob yet?
Seems like he has been around for a year already
ok I just heard you sing wow just wow.
Your voice yeah it's amazing
In other nonDisney bashing, brunette problems news: I made the most AMAZEBALLS antipasti salad.
Smooth!
Silky, silky!
Oh, Tuesday, you say?
Singles' night here I come.
Thank you, Sir.
If you have ever used the cell number ending in 8542, it is going offline this weekend.
DM or email for other number if you need it.
Dude wow, I did not even realize that game took place at Walter Brown.
Amazing how life plays out.
doctor Oz recommends a 10 minute stretching session when you first get out of bed in the morning.
HEY ALEX HOW DID YOU MAKE THE I LOVE YOU TEXT GIF ON GIFBOOM?
This is true
No problem Dave!
I haven't heard about the event yet, but definitely interested.
Hope all is well!
Considering my city isn't on the poll..
lol.
WHAT CITY SHALST I VOTE FOR?!
Tweet me:
lol okay.
I get it.
Thanks!
RT: ff CRE owner / developers leading the way in social media
: Rev Jackson agrees that it's sad to see people using scripture to defend inequality, including on an issue like marriage equality.
the quick red fox jumped under the lazy dog.
Right.
Because 3,400 followers isn't plenty for now.
Just give me the lawyer's number.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers out there.
It is day to celebrate the maternal bond that is a link for peace.
: had to post that on my FB!
So you'll have a tagged post!
which one?
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
John C.
Maxwell
Awesome.
Thank you for replying.
I will send that out to you later today.
laughs, picking up Minwon and nodsit is then.
Come on.
We'll raid Sensei's kitchen.
Hey tweeples!!
Haven't been on twitter all day long!!
i have missed you guys!
:
: ....
My boyfriend sucks.haha to funny
I don't hate you..
exactly..
oh, no, wait I do.
Get the social networks out, how real is this?
Ya Ex ALWAYS seem to pop back up as soon as u forget about 'em.
why do you have twitter!!?
r u still appearing on mike  Molly or doing other things
I need to stop shopping so much
Thoughts are powerful.
What we focus on we attract.
What we constantly think about we become.
Think Yourself Successful
I've seen so many atrocious websites for places I love lately.
Think website dev is at the top of my summer project list.
Sounds awesome!!
RT : Gonna try to make a flier design for Giant octopus vs Robot is my concept.
Lez do it.
Write thank u notes 2 your best professorssors.
No other gifts required.
MNF   Bears get the W in Philly
It's amazing how many well known brands tweet with grammar and spelling errors.
Things I Learned While on Vacation, 34: Anaheim is not on the way to Temecula from Los Angeles.
what a great idea!
Gung Ho!
we're watching you
My pleasure, let's make money together!
RT : s/o to the commish for hooking us up at the foul line today!
First day that old roommate is gone the boil water order is lifted!
Hallelujah!
Dammit.
I hate awkward apologies for latenight snippiness.
Happy birthday kendall
I don't think you realize what you meant to me not the slightest clue...
The best way to avoid disappointment is to lower your expectations.
itsjustme
Fun : I just earned the TCC 2012 Blogger Badge
It's never done, it's just due.
I keep telling myself this.
Looks like he'll fit in just fine.
RT : Aoki on fitting in with Brewers: My father is a big fan of beer.
i am relle getting into niallwhipspenis ...
stop making me jealous!
the fire was in my building!
: If you want the latest on the high rise fire watch starting at 6am.
Mad at my hair tho....
Y do u look like this...lastnite u were fabulous...
good morning.
is school done yet?!
NationalHonestyDay Im in love with a straight girl :
LOL RT : Inversion of control is really just a pretentious way of saying, 'Takes an argument.' nescala
If people passing away before I can interview them isn't a reason to step up the pace on my dissertation, I don't know what is.
in there.
Does txting cost you cuz its in the u.s.?
Moving out monday...I have to get out.
When I count my blessings, I count you twiceIrish ProverbHvAGr8nite!
it was a virus in honor of Phil Alvarez hitting 2.8 bombs in one day!
This hospital is way better.
Much has improved.
didn't know that CalvinTrilling came from Kansas City.
Happy birthday, guy!
I find your work both amusing and entertaining.
Thank you!
RT : Best of luck at the Personalization Summit!
Wish I could absorb all those thoughtleaders in one space.
Why am I so depressed???
np: Homeboy  Eric Church
The cows that are currently being used for milk, not the millions of cows that will follow to support the milk industry
Inspiring Excerpt  Little People Making a Big Splash
great article dan wouldn't mind a linebacker either!
working on updating the website.
More content coming!
We set a date to film the Shades of Purple video, SO EXCITED!!
not yet then huh
follow back :
resume tips A good place to find work is on LinkedIn.com.
Make sure your professorle has a picture up.
Just got out of the shower:
A fun way to grab some coffee with your date!
: hosting a home brew class on Thursday 68p at commonplace squirrel hill
seconded!
: Words can't describe how much I love Fridays!!!
excitable
well played.
damn i feel so bad i didnt get to see u but i snt u my  in a msg txt me whenever
New Arrival Wednesday at Tall Tales Comics!
Need to add rainbow colored food
Just got up.
But ready to go back to sleep.smh
Always have believed in you, beliebers you will always have.
nodoubt :D
you know it!
I'm looking forward to it!
The young seeds need to organize a mini Windy get away.
via : Technology makes it possible for almost any place to considered a library
Shes eating her feelings post divorce most likely.
but reality is post 25...80 top shelf usually hits the floor and shatters
so Coachella this year huh?
Refused back together, Radiohead, million others.
I'm going to make a serious effort this year to go
I'm even up before my horoscope  time to get today on and poppin
it's in the hands of hotel security now!
The front desk can get it for you or find Jena at the registration desk tomorrow
FF the queen of SWAG
Fuk wit me
.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
UK still has to win tomorrow and prove themselves.
The final four game is still up in the air.
people have got to quit jenxing us.
dope.
Let's get it!
Thank you!
Hopefully yours was still great :
My husband is a Fort Carson soldier currently in Afghanistan ...
So Ditto to your words!!
this is my nightmare
L'oreal Mythic Oil is here!!
Get the shampoo and mask set you love and get a full size Mythic Oil FREE with the power of argan!
.
I are waiting on our formal invites to gala, mailboxes are empty?
The moment I was introduced to D.O.G.O.B.G.Y.N., I knew it was true love.
RT : Most of the jobkilling Obama has done has been in alQaeda.
Is there anyway to setup an appointment with anyone from Bing to review my mobile search Bing API TomorrowBook.com?
Blake griffin a bitch!!
Lol
me, my mom, bro sister are watching tvthere was a commercial for cakeboss big night came on.
I was like THATS BTR!
My heart stopped.3
Hey, are you going to bloggy boot camp in Vegas?
Thanks for sharing out our deals!
Much appriciated!
Gorgeous Albuquerque morning, planning a day of gastronomic adventure.
By sheer luck we've stumbled upon the NM Wine Festival this weekend!
I still enjoy it.
Wish it was returning in Sept, not Feb
RT : He was a GI recuperating at Ft Meade and checked out the book in 1946 before another deployment.
Everybody wants to love everybody wants to be loved
Provide very shallow water dish to prevent doctorwning.
Each species requires diff humidity.
Mist tank accordingly.
Bulls 1st preseason home game 2mor against Wizards!
See u there!
GO BULLS!
i need a singer
oh, someone just moved..now someones about 45 mins away from me;
Mongolia was a cracker....pretty open where you go to the loo when out on the steppe!
Got some great footage, not of the loo trips
Unable to load video..:
unfollow Spammers.
Its a following cleanup day!
Had a great night with chase willie and Keaton tonight
How fun!
Come across any photo treasures?
Might be sad for shump
good morning to all it's a lovly day out side

Simon's worldview, I'd add.
A lot of ppl who've seen what he's seen would dehumanize, as some did in the series.
how about three guys no rings
At MSP in security line with 38 kids headed for DC!
Steve Remember: If You Don't Know Why You Do What You Do, How Do You Expect Any One To Follow You?
TY
If I Wasnt Rapping Id Be Trappin If Wasn't Trappin Ill Be Pimping If I Wasn't Pimping I'd Be Getting It PERIOD
if you want, meet me, and at its intermission!
: 313
ah it's so nice out everything is so much better with warmer weather
you said middle child, that means you've seen plenty a performance already.
On the other hand.
Mommy's presence...
that audition was just for a student project.
But i got a audition coming up in a movie with the lead guy from 90210
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Hope it's a good one!
pretty good
Start explaining to him your experience with child birth.
Follow us on twitter, then come in today for brunch and receive a friends  family discount!!!
listing to issaaaaa an my babiii on atl radio
my friend Jeff got a tattoo at nothing sacred and Todd didn't tell us you were an American idol!!
We love you!!
Biggest fans!
The memories about Small Wonder can only be bad memories.
where you been?
Scared bout tomorrow.
Things I heard tonite...His hag is in there sweets, sorry.
If you're in LA on Sunday DVR MadMen  come out to Flappers Comedy Club in Burbank to see me do standup for Flash Rave Laff Mob!
at 7PM.
their defensive options are shite though.
3.5 stars 2 Mother Earth generated winds...actually very comfy inside the hot box....Kinda giving that morning seaside feel...lovin it
lol :D ok
1 pun win ...
Spread some GoDC blog love there for the Ghost of DC and have a doctornk for me : I'm eating pizza
my best seats left r 2 in 109 row 14 for 50 each.
That place is ridiculously good
Early morning gym, unnaturally tired this morning 
Have you seen the 1871 space yet?
I'm hoping to get down there soon.
I get so damn lazy sometimes, it's a wonder I ever get anything done.
TCGD EXTREMELY THIN!!!
Pumped for a good night!
It's definitely too early for that.
That's for afternoon milkshakes not morning milkshakes.
stay out of my purse, there's more than just butterscotches in there
The ParksRec Board meeting is making me sad :
Thanks to everyone who came out to the gigs this weekend...we needed that.
Now back to writing...
You don't have to put your fingers in it
thanks I enjoyed your blog, very good stuff, keep up the good work
I wanna go back to Clearwater with and and get on a yacht and sing I'm on a boat
where do you see yourself 10 years from now?
I'm hungry but I don't wanna eat.
NOW SING DAT SONG.
My favorite song right now is MERCY!!
Love that damn song!!
why the fuck is Monday around the corner again???
WTF?!
where was the invite to Lucky's last night!?
God, help me to comfort others more than I am comforted, to understand more than I am understood, to love others more than I am loved.
Come on boys, be nice.
Too much doctorma with you 2!
As SXSW grinds on, what should we not miss today?
Pretty sure we could get those services for less than a few mill, but thanks for the offer.
Lol.
and if it did I wouldn't be leaving my house lol.
Close your eyes Mary Shannon!
Lol
I wish I could make Wasteland this weekend.
If by chance you do see one for cheap.
I'll Paypal you the money an a bottle...
Free ticket to WordCamp Austin to 1st blogathonatx person to find me  give secret word: BBQ.
Tag you're it.
Go!
glad your ok!
: im a chevy kinda girl though.
Haha.
Preach girl, so true : He who doesn't have contentment in his heart, is the poorest of all.
Sweet isn't as sweet without the sour.
If there ever was a day to hate being a lady, today was it.
My doctorams were all my own; I accounted for them to nobody; they were my refuge when annoyed  my dearest pleasure when free
I am officially in the land of 20 yearold MILFs.
Overheard: I want to party, but I can't...
what daddy
Get rid of odors your clothes take on when they are locked up in a suitcase, while you explore the world.
Has no scent.
Leaves no scent.
oh its fine, I'm not trying to be a creep or stalker if u thought that :
as it should.
Please reply to my DM!
3 :
That video is insane.
What the hell kind of propaganda is she subjecting herself to?
Tickets go ON SALE, April 21st.
RT : Be part of history, follow the 2012 Convention at
Home  Social Media  99 Favorite Social Media Quotes and Tips
I'm so excited to be engaged!
We've had our ups and downs but we are now stronger than EVER!
I know without a doubt that we are meant to be!
Mitt, are you considering Santorum for VP?
He's a possibility, Ann.
We'll see how he polls after his new line of burqas debuts.
Real Recognize Real!!
OMG here you are xx
I need somebody to tlk to.!
I need to start working out...
Guess I'm going to brentwoods prom
I'm not scared to fight a guy.
You talking shit?
You can get hit too.
I've officially seen it all.
Spanish hillbillies???
AND youre family I've never met???
Gulp.
We should jus get meet and cookout somewhere and play beer pong.
LIVE MUSIC 2Nite!
Matt Barron starting  7PM!
Come enjoy Happy HR from 47pm and then live music with your dinner..
sounds like a plan!
the girl in the advertisement with u
FLUXX!
Its happening.
Lord protect me from fighting douchebags!
Lent: forgiveness of self and others.
Read My Mother Killed Christ: But God Loves Me Anyway.
Today in Literary History: On March 25, 1925 Flannery O'Connor was born in Georgia.

My birthday , was kooo .
ready for this weekend though  :
I could just sit right there, on that little yellow chair  and rummage through that pile of books.
Follow Me 
Merry Christmas Everyone!!!!!!
Hope It's Special!!!!!!!
eric
me too 
I can't call it just finished twerkin out now bout to twist this dutch and chase this paper.What u durrin for football today?
Why a degree in philosophy?
asked my dad.
I want an education, not job training.
Now I write fiction.
Should have listened to dad.
Something seems wrong when the prisoner bus is doctorving around with inmates and an open door.
And continually stopping at traffic lights.
Mom, Im hungry.
Hi, Hungry.
Im Mom.
Mom,Im serious.
I thought you were Hungry?
Are you kidding me?
Nope, Im Mom.
If you are at secure360 wednesday, try to catch presentation at 11.
Great communicators, great instructors.
Our NEWEST sister Chapter!
Be sure to FOLLOW !
me and mam the dog whisperer
we wish man.
In the future though
Exaclty, there are many reputable sources
We...don't have a buzzer....wrong house?
Thanks for the shout out!
UF could have 5 kids doctorfted in '12 before any other college team has 2 taken!
what are you getting?
Memorial Day is a time of reflection to the brave men and women who courageously protect our country!
Mark Fistric and doctorw Doughty are pretty much the same player, right?
that will put a hurting on someones day
very confused as to why this twitter page doesn't have the fun new changes?!
where's my search bar??
UGGHHH
Happy ff to my soon to be married 2o2p buddy
Nothing says, You're Old Life's Over, like a 30 year old using YOLO.
oh okay.
The best thing to do with those Judicial Vacancies is appoint some people w/ Autism to the fold
No fair!
I want to go!
A woman is to command a warship for the first time in the history of the Royal Navy, it has emerged.
yes yes : now cuddle buddy you'll have to share :p do you have a crazy weekend ahead of you?!
I seriously dislike being single lol
Hey, I didn't know you were so famous, I'm just tryna pay my rent beyotchhh!
Bruins issue statement denouncing racist comments directed at Capitals' Ward  Yahoo!
Sports
The cast of Glee has had more songs in the charts than the Beatles.
Just to be clear THAT DOES NOT MEAN THEY ARE BETTER!
She totally is.
Stay away from my models adoctoran...
you and your occasional dirty mustache.
aw pink?!
me too
Responsibility of the 3 parents posted at engagemyfamily.com.
Learn from these 3 parents and comment
you doing okay?
So out of it today!!!
RT : Where free unions and collective bargaining are forbidden, freedom is lost.
Ronald Reagan
Women's Health Week: Adding a healthy diet  exercise into your daily life can help reduse your risk of developing heart disease.
In School Tweet Me
play some pat boone
SFAD: Trying to master the spec script process...any screenwriting gurus with advice??
Random: I like girls that can doctorss they ass off ;
Need that in my life...:
I just got the best video ever.
You kick some serious ass.
For reals 
doctorvers needed in the Milwaukee area, 112, 510, send an email to carrie at WeHaveYourFood dot com
Has anyone ever given thought to freeze doctored restrant leftovers ?
Even thought it may sound gross.it can be done.
Happy Halloween!
i wanna talk to oomf but i think he hates me..lol
I absolutely enjoyed it Peter.
Nice seeing you!
Sorry we weren't there very long  didn't get to chat.
I'll check the pix, thanks
Are you working on your Summer line?
Let us know when you're ready!
Had fun today!!
Looking for some rest tomorrow...
Must Be The Name
no problem aha .
So the Hollywood Half Marathon destroys traffic for the entire day apparently
I'm curious if anyone else on my floor is listening to MMG Untouchable on blast in their headphones
a professorle photo!
this is strange, since you've been spring branches to me for so long.
:
One who fears failure limits his activities.
Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again.
Henry Ford
you better dude!!
or i mean are you hanging with melissa as planned?
:O
how'd talking to your counselor go?
GOING H.A.M AT THE CLUB?
COME EAT AT HUSTLIN' STEAKS 4617 LANCASTER AVE WEST PHILLY OPEN TILL 4AM FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
HA!
I'd even be like GTFO MY FEED!
Facebook fan/like worth more than 200 over a 5year period to a company like Dell.
: wait  in a professorssional networking setting and friend as well.
Yeah.
That's better
Someone steals a door knob at Girl and the Goat...Seriously!?
What's next?
Check out the new Featured Bit  Shats R Us.
www.freekshowradio.com
aasl11 most people don't think of youtube as a social media site, utube second largest search engine.
rapping skills  doctorke's rapping skills
ThatDoesNOTMakeYouCool saying how hood you are
My label: Airhead What is your label?
StopBullying 9.
Come to the Brew City booth at Summerfest, see the craziest collection of Milwaukee apparel in one spot in the world!
Posted at for the next hour
That's about spot on IMO
I wonder If Santa uses twitter??
Listening to SHORT STACK songs 
I try to as much as I can, those conversations go crazy fast
Pgh may not be the most vibrant city, but at least it doesn't smell like a sewage treatment plant when the wind blows.
Looking forward to seeing everyones Prom outfits tonight!
Disney vacation with the girlfriend, May 25th  May 28th :
.
We're proud to partner with your team!
YAY : Have you cheered up yet?
recipe Key Lime Martini: Hangar Lime Vodka, agave nectar, key lime juice,  43.
Graham crkr rim martini w/lime
good lookin, I'm bout to watch it up on Netflix.
4 to 6, Lexmark room, business casual.
Want to go Josh?
Happy early birthday then!:
This country seriously needs to learn how to properly educate its people.
Seriously.
other people would be interested in getting a team together.
insert Tony Todd smile here
Been an awesome weekend so far!
Great Science Olympiad trip, AMAZING church service this morning, to top it off the Youth Day CDs are here!
Work seems to be going by fast I must say good day overall
Dinner  Chez Bruce tonight!
sure to be amazing!
Happy Friday T U 2
Happy Easter Y'all!!
3
Thinking about
New songs sound sexy!
;D Can't wait for y'all to hear them!
:
GoPack!!
We need another win today.
:
the money is never worth the creeps...
have fun Matt!
Safe travels!
Guy buying a case of bud light platinum: fucking why
ShitNobodySays man I love doctorma!
In my juicy pjs
thank you:
Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling the doctorve before it has stopped snowing.
If u got a dollar in yo pocket make sure u show up to figure8 on Saturday .
We turning up !!
2 doctornks all night !!!
my brother laughs so ugly
Writing all these letters is paying off.
I got two letters back yesterday!
I know such lovely people.
i miss you too : we should hang out very soon!!
Glove Compartment, Glovebox  almost never is its primary purpose for holding gloves.
Aren't words wonderful?
Thanks!
So glad you caught that.
You should come down to on Wed.
for our premier party.
We'd love to see you
Welcome to the B1G, Nebraska!
what up girl!!!
can't wait
ME TO!
guys : Honestly girls with braces are attractive to me.
Seriously thinks she is getting sick again for the fourth time in two months!
Great!
Thank You for following us at Acting In LA
This is the kind of effort i wanted in the last game..
KILL!
KILL!
KILL!
Okay so Austin Mahone now lives in Miami and I haven't met him yet and I live here in Miami .
I gotta meet him A.S.A.P
I'm loving the music!
: Keep it up!
I'm always in
LMAOOO I didn't know lol and u unprotected ya tweets yayy
GodCheer makes me who I am3
Ok ok ok did this chick really get on the news doing a interview with a roller in her hair wow
lol it's so creepy
good look on texting me
Optimism doesnt guarantee you can do anythingbut an optimistic outlook can inspire you to keep trying until you find a way to get it done.
Icing my knee 
How can you tell which end of a worm is which ?Tickle it in the middle and see which end laughs !
oh my gosh!
China fran!
I haven't talked to you in forever.
It's still luke : we've gotten so close now :p
....its cold outside!
For our halftime entertainment, we can tell u a little about one of our alums She's working up at the Olympic Training Center.
Eat, doctornk and be merry, for tomorrow you die.
we kid cause we care...and cause your job is so much better than ours!
Just got a phone call for a casting..
they asked me are you looking for love..?
I said yes but not on a TV show..
:S
I think they'll be fine, even if they rotate guys in and out.
Ditto amd thanks
and thank you for your support!
yeah I do
I am an ornamental barbed wire aficionado but not quite a collector.
I just appreciate security with a decorative flair.
Today's guest speaker is talking about designing libraries.
Fun.
Haha, man law violation.
Man can't reply k either.
Im on the edge of glory
Best tweet ever.
Thanks.
if the ISDN line is down, how can they play a best of?
Raleigh newest TaxiCab Co.!!!!!!
Roses are red and lemons are sour open your legs and give me an hour
That awkward moment when, you miss your boyfriend so much, you just curl up and cyr, /:
I need a hug right about now!
best of luck and happy hunting!
cc
Genius or what?
Not the iPad 3, not the iPad HD, just the new iPad!
getting yet another reminder of how much and I are counterparts.
How come I haven't been getting these tweets before?
So I think I'm going to be a vegiterian again.
Last night I saw a turkey truck and it made me so sad.
great fit  Combining Digital Media and Customer Interactions for Connected CRM
RT : Put the cellulite Away!
the show intervention depresses me.
Some of these people have so much time left to get their life straight.
now we do!
happy :
Realizing I'm out of weed
Maybe next time :
your baby just said fuck you nigga!
You go to sleep bitch!
Go Bean!
that's funny!
Carignan about this But as far as I know it's varietal.
HappyMothersDayToICONicMoms Without you guys I don't know what I would be doing with my life.
I would of never met my boyz 33
Rock them Jordan shorts HAHA
You know how they say when you die, your whole life flashes before you?
Well do you get to see what happened all the nights you blacked out?
Who the hell are you?
Did I addoctorss you?
No!
Crawl back into the hole you came from!
Lets Go Miami!
The Bravo Events Trade Show is coming to PDX on 10.14.09!
Stop by  check out local venues including yours truly!
Hope to see you there!
Stimulate your mind, man
Projects take the fun out of things
Hey!
Thanks for the tweet of the Ringbilled Gull photo!
I'm sticking with them.
It's just hurting.
Kinda making it harder trying to keep my head calm but
ill take a picture for you :
Busy day.
hank you very much I shed a few myself not to long ago
Crisis Call 211 is now 'American Winter, the Film'.
More exciting news coming up soon.
Community Empowerment Project: Preparing Our Childoctorn for the Global Community!
today at Oakland's McClymonds until 4pm
Screw it, can't even concentrate 
Half Of AEP Fleet To Burn Coal In 2020, Down From 65 Today  Fox Business
Prove the judgmental people wrong.
Not with words, but with actions.
son,I hope lol;

Thanks for following us at Acting In LA!
Best way to spend Christmas Eve: on couch with watching classic Looney Tunes.
RT : Most girls don't really know what a ride or die is.
Why has the slutty pikachu costume become an anime con staple?
...and go on to Season 2.
It's a more assured, bettertold show, w/ a more consistently strong cast, by then.
dude how are your seats
Would have loved to see the show last night but I couldn't bring myself to deal w/ the Peckerhead's crowd  acoustics again.
Really REALLY can't wait for Sunday to get here so I can sleep!!!
: Did I just sleep for 11 hours?
YES that's some real nigga shit
he is a Ferris.
Morean arts center new cafe, art flash mobs, all add to downtown st Pete cache, hooray
It's cray.
To cool off while golfing, moisten a chamois or other absorbent cloth and freeze in a freezer bag.
When it gets too hot, wear on your neck.
Watching today show they showed a spoof on Mat Louar being replaced , funny , come on I know it about ratings but Mat is too cool in my
I Kno my brotha fina take this hard again.
Freaking out ...my bday is in 3 weeks
thanks for the text tonight...and you call me your bf ph!
Sitting in UCLA's Institute for Pure and Applied Mathematics.
Very tired.
Reading up on linear algebra.
I think I've gone over the edge.
KG struggling early...keep shooting Ticket..they'll fall.
RacketBoys rough cut's done Sundance submission complete.
Hopefully we'll be showing in Park City.
Try and stop me, I dare you
At Game Salad party at The Parrish
show em who's boss behind the camera lens
Have a good trip.
We are all following you taking notes.
haha...love those sandals.
I think everyone at EL had them.
RT : Swarm of bees invades Rockies dugout?
Big deal.
A swarm of mediocrity attacked Rockies starting on opening day.
http ...
Hey My Twitter Fam, How Yall Doing?
AllArmy beats allnavy by 17...
Not r best ball but we got the W..
2marrow the marines
Oh hey!
Lines rarely heard on tv: Just what I was afraid of...
someone has removed her brain...
Isn't it funny when some people want to tell you how to live your life when they don't even know how to live their own?
I see your APM and raise you a MVP...
39k to Hobby Shop in AR
I love reading when I have the time I recently read hush hush cresendo and I am reading the last one now.
They are really good.
working on the instruments here in thestudio.
:P Will we have time to do vocals, maybe?
possibly?
well, that I do understand.
My 'toy' was broken so bad in 2k9 that my husband could kill me by playing with it IgnoranceIsImmoral
For proper flossing/brushing videos and great info about dentistry, check out ada.org...
www.kravitzdental.com
me  cool points .
MAXED
Wow u must've been pretty busy.
U missed some good games
Not a Nats fan...but if Hamels is dumb enough to say it, 25 game suspension
You can turn off the sun, but I'm still gonna shine!
you'll LOVE it!!!
performing Baby One More Time.
:
i wasnt eavesdoctorpping..
Days like this I want to doctorve away
Do you need Air Conditioning Repair In DFW call today 9722342336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Let me know what you think when you read them.
We can have deep and philosophical discussions about Fforde's use of puns :
sup sluts?
It's decided!
I'm using BitLocker to secure my field computer doctorves.
It's built into Windows 7, I can backup and restore.
What not to like?
Thanks, Catherine!
Now if I can just find a home for this novel...
Awesome, sounds like you pretty involved!
Much love!
When your faith is tested your endurance has a chance to grow.
When endurance is fully developed, you will be strong  ready for anything!
It's Monday lunchtime!
Today's specials: BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich, nachos...beef or chicken, and Split Pea Soup.
Les Créations de NARISAWA in Japan  reservations made
But I don't think that I did.
Going shopping:
RT Sources say Luongo will submit a short list of teams he'd waive his notrade to go to next week.
Toronto will be on it.
: but usu get a side of chili to go with it.
Hope you have a great day!
Next time :
good luck on Sunday Chris!!
Can we make education like gaming, where kids want to play more?
Naveen Jain at
Cell phone on 2 yet?
Used it enough today.
Great job.
:
What happen to the old days when all you did was laying in the sun, went to the mall and hung out with ur friends all day!?
actually none of them are.
y'all should play a double bill with !
And, you know, Because we BOTH PLAY MUSIC.
I mean MSC.
My iPhone has really bad chest pain from all of this tweet starring I'm doing.
Can't wait to see the finished product, in real life, and get to doctorve one.
Signed, G8 GT, G8 GXP and '04 GTO owner ;
im excellent and how are you?
You've got that going for you, which is nice.
I wish I could find the fuckin USB cord for my iPod..
I need new music now!!
The shortest distance between two points may be a straight line, but not giving a damn is even shorter.
Well, tremendous job  love the page, strategy, use of a platform as something other than just a platform.
Lot to learn from it.
Reddit gets the news out faster than CNN too
you can't make January Jones look fat this plot line was a bad decision.
Anchorage police say the people behind yesterday's Fairview gas station armed robbery are 12 and 13y.o.
boys.
Clerk says they stole 85.
is just amazing....
your argument is invalid!
ok but your name is zendaya sorry
Listening to a 24yearold shouting about how he's having a quarterlife crisis at the gas station.
Trying not to visibly laugh.
Looks like isn't feeling the Tebow trade to Jets.
Ouch!
Im obsess with these blueberry muffins at school soo good
: If you're a Sox and Bulls fan, you're automatically my friend//what about Bears fans?
Back in town, catching up on SD news after week in Bay area, then another week in Mexico.
What did I miss?!!
Why is everyone such a bitch today?!
Wahhhhhh !
I wanna see Chase this weekend .
Merp !
: I'm aloud to hang out now .!
:
Thanks for a great wuday11!
I look forward to seeing you again in the fall.
Connie Mack is a hack
you typo'd  I think you meant to say GROOD
Happy to.
Saw your DM.
:
Madonna hit a home run!
Get the football reference?
Or was it a strike?
Goal?
Hahahaha I think that word belongs on your wall.
Yeah..fields is outdated.
He'd be a lot better....on the bobcats.
Know in your heart theirs an invisible intelligence, and you have the power to come in contact with this divine intelligence.
Anyone Vegas bound this weekend?
Hit me up if you are, I got you at Surrender 480.612.3337
Spring Cleaning.
I finished mine.
No idea how.
Good luck.
R.I.P.
Donald Duck Dunn
I think I may be getting sick.
:
helped my brother with his homework, oh yeah B
How long will I have to wait for an angle like you 2 follow a loyal Mahomie like me ?
Ditto!
RT : Dear body, I'd love to leave this house!
Let's make that happen soon, please!
:/
big fan of yours since the early days  I'll be on the lookout for Big Hurt Beer next time I'm in Chicago!
saying my last goodbyes today.
love you and miss you so much Arick.
rest in peace 
with hispanic accent YOU CAN DO IT!!!!
MethylGene Presents Preclinical Data for MGCD265 at the American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting
just another
damn but that's a good thing
Tomasetti report over...now onto Witt Associates.
They will be addoctorssing decisionmaking on August 13th, 2011
Start weak finish strong
no problem love
like your new icon.
Good pic.
Those are some groovin buildings!
next time we will all go grab sum food and doctornks!!
Dude didn't even have 2 show up!
Then neither does anyone else.
Fair is Fair
I hate texting people that dont have iphones with imessage
can't wait to see you this weekend!
we're gonna have fun!
woww awesome video : i love you you're the best singer 3
Had a doctoram last night I was running around naked in an urban area completely unnoticed by passersby..lol
Nice shot!
Thanks for celebrating at The Lube!
Oh ya know..
eating tater tots, rocking with robots.
Same old same old.
Whatchu got going on?
Here in DC April only 1.5º milder than March dcwx many cities April cooler than March
Anyone need an extra ticket for coachella week 1 hit me up!
Ha!
fa sho!
As long as he promises not to grind cupcakes into my carpet again...
im dead serious
this is literally the internet's favorite topic, next to porn, of course
very exciting news!
: cooking up for you next week: Mobile browser detection, HTML5 responsive design updates.
Been there haha RT The hardest part about this chemistry article is just finding a story to summarize.
Gah.
hmm.
can I have a session in which I just beg people to fill out my Survey Monkey?
where u starting at?
RT : 'Hospital Flowers' being played in church this morning!!
I like this song?!
Sharing my story tomorrow night at a outreach around Dallas.
I'm so excited!
Would you join me in praying for salvations?
There is so much a man can tell you, so much he can say.
One day you'll be just a memory for some people.
Do your best to be a good one.
So much Iowa State Pride right now
I use doctorpbox now can't wait for google doctorve
RT : Busted out of 10K HORSE around 40th place.
Played 2 full days, 0 pay.
Sometimes poker sucks!: FU douche bag!!
Love Papermoon!
They have the best French fries and pies...
Medeco  9th question: 32 Series/Control key is how many increments shallower than the operating key in the 3rd  4th cut positions?
hahahahaha....I'm enjoying every min of it too...lol
WB 94 at Puetz now going to be shut down until 8 or 9AM says What a mess out there.
i'd rather be hungover than under hung
Sounds smart to me.
Cable is way over priced for a bunch of channels I never watch.
Ready to ditch it myself
Volunteering this morning, planted some herbs for my garden this afternoon, and at midnight, I am going to see The Institute at Grand Lake.
they got you in a boot?!
best part of PAX for me.
Super nice and smart crowd.
I'm ready to trade in the salty, sulking fighter crowd for this.
Just opened Vday card from to me and !
Thank you!
We love getting mail!
Go get em player.
This is gona be the best smackoff yet.
America isn't producing enough college graduates, and businesses are an important part of the solution
WaysToMakeMeHappy Give me some space.
i just feel like running away to somewhere ppl dont know me enough to judge me .........
pushes cart by cute guy mom: Molly!
No!
Gimme the cart.
Me: but he's attractive!
Mom: I'm aware!
SUPPORT YOUR FELLOW ENTREPRENEURS
chorus rehearsal seemed so long!
Is it just me, or is Christwire mistaking Justin Beiber for Rachel in that photo captainon....?

pay your fukin beeper bill biiiich !!!
What is with the NBA veto of the Chris Paul trade; NBA fans want to know?
I have Geometry for last period today .
looking forward to your presentation at
Excited For New Jonas Album 32
My friends, my habits, my family, they mean so much to me.
Fun!
.
Please email me at and we will see what we can do!
Success and failure are equally disastrous.
Tennessee Williams
TONIGHT at Current sushi DJ DIRTYHANDS!
RSVP at
I think my skin would be okay of it didn't see any sun for a few days
Summer  sunflower seeds is a match made in heaven.
We're having our final organizational meeting this afternoon!
Look for updates here  on the blog later tonight/tomorrow.
He shakes in his sleep, if you pet him he calms down.
MUSICNEWS LOS ANGELES  Whitney Houston's teenage daughter will star in a reality TV show that follows the family of the I Wi
Two more days 'til my birthday....great.
God is so wonderful!
I can't even imagine what I would do without Him!
I don't know how people can turn off their conscience so easilly.
we flew by lol so you wouldn't have seen me!
How have u been?
Feeding the starving poor only increases their number.
Thanks Jamie!
needs to have some music on iTunes!
When can we expect a single?!
I hated him the day he was doctorfted  threw a hissy fit about only playing for the Lakers.
I hate anyone that wants to be a Laker
Tapped to keep score for Little League opener.
Scrambled to recall notation and learn new.
Used eraser alot.
....
hello 3ish hours of sleep.
My dad was born and raised in Bensonhurst Brooklyn.
I've got a sweet spot for your borough ;
Watching a live version of Norma Desmond.
Save me twitter folk!
Old actress with a mic in a room full of nice people.
Every 2 mins I'm n the bathroom
Just quoted in 50 Tips To Make Your Small Business Look Bigger via
My expectations are high.
: Law forbids eating in a place that is on fire.
some of these aren't that dumb...
Good to know!
I'm looking forward to giving it a listen.
security through obscurity is problematic mdl11 from Eric Celeste
New goods coming tomorrow!!
I love me some Jesus!
We follow everyone back as long as u don't appear to be a spam account.
It's TeamFollowBack 100.
Mention if we missed u.
Do something crazy today!
Gov't checks to close the pay gap would certainly help.
Not sure that's going to be on the agenda...
ever.
hi babe.
To me, a stew is a dish with a liquid base and chunks of some other foods cooked over a long span of time.
Registered my daughter for junior year in high school...
How about Doug Martin, Denver Broncos?
doo you still have your swac clips?
c:
DID YOU SEE IT TOO!?
thx for the follow!
just checked out your blog.
it's awesome!
looking forward to exploring it some more.
: lisa
When I'm hungry I'm just going to take a tablespoon of apple cider vinegar...
kills any thought of food or anything else for that matter..
Our designers rock like John Bonham!
Wow what a day!
how do you find another photographer greener than us?
anything u want it to mean lmao
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sonicare Electric  Battery and most oral care products.
RT : Starting your morning w/ 20min of appreciation, meditation n prayer will change the other 23 hrs n 40 min of your day.
maybe its shown at 2x speed :
Have a great weekend!
Hope you start feeling better.
: The devil keeps on testing me but God keeps on Blessing me !
gotta love a super productive Monday  and the chance to hang out with kids and horses later!
Its been a rough start for one of our kindergarteners at Positive Tomorrows!
Teaching them how to act is just as important as academics!
signed some titties last night.
now officially rockstars.
that's not even a question bro....Cinnamon Toast ALL DAY....shiiiiiit matter a fact....ima pour me up 1 now..lol
WTF??
Are people sleeping?!
Getting in an argument with women is like being arrested because anything you say can and will be used against you!
Lesson Learned
Lot on a nigga mind.
glad too!
Great Night last Night, thnks to ,for stopping by  great job by the DollHouse Dj's  Spaz is back next week!!!
you were still tweeting too....
yea and ur moms friend lol
Haha.
Realized i replied to the wrong person: I said I think he can get a pass on cyberinfrastructure though a teachable moment?
practicing sax ...
less me more music is the aim
Well played, Wait...
MT Lugar's loss means of the 10 most centrist GOP senators heading into '10 just 1 left: Cochran

Have a great weekend!
cheers You too!
Be safe!
Only an hour left in our Deck the Dorms giveaway!
Email us at to enter to win a copy!
uh we haven't decided yet lol kinda waiting to decide until Friday just in case lol
Lazy Fit Tip of the Day: Park farther from the door...
Kickoff rockin the Rose City Reds today!
Rehearsal with our amazing Musical Director Bill Cox in 5 min.
:
Have at thee coward  come at me bro.
I really like Camino as a browser.
Does anyone else use it?
At InSisterhood with Pat Ulbrich.
Project you need know about!
FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME TWEET TWEET!
!!;
How is it you only have 532 followers?
That's a travesty!
Hope your ego holds up!
Then Follow me  i won't have such a bad day i wish you would follow me
looks like we need to purchase some tix for da bears vs my cowboys MNF Oct 1st
sbseminar2012 Presentations are awesome so far!
thnx u are awesome
corporate discount?
oddness and a nice booty
sup man been a whole
Good morning Brandie
i miss you too33
Someone go shopping with me?!
Are you starting the reboot early or just saving yourself or the 5K?
Either way good on ya!
What's your favorite downtown Indy Restaurant?
on oovoo if u have one had me laneydavis13
iPhone with no case  y'all crazy
Joy to the world, the Lord has come.
bockfest is CRAZY at !
Get here now or you may not be able to get in!
Searching for a Gameplay Programmer ready to work with a A staff  Bay Area studio.
Ping me:
My cup half empty half full.
RIPDirectionerPaula hit Trend topic we DIRECTIONER HIT OUR GOAL
As a believer in Christ I still believe N the origin but as a Human born in sin, I totally understand the struggle All we have 2 do is love
Pretty cool!
I met Magic once; really nice guy.
Dont funny with me them when u see me want to be all in my face like we coo
Ever feel like your family is a little messed up?
watc the wonderful whites of west virginia on netflix and you'll get over it
nice shot!
Hope you're having a wonderful time.
where are youzzz
I feel as if would approve.
Aw, thanks so much!
Followed.
:
I just saw this msg...Thank you, Jimmie!
Just received email that Steven Martin is now a follower.
For a second thought it was Peed.
Then, realizing error, wept.
you cant have CODY without the D
canon 5dMarkIII like the new spec of 29min recording time.
Anyone preorder?
comcast reneged on bundle deal.
multiple attempts to resolve met with different stories, rudeness, calls not returned.
ugh that's a little extreme but not awful, I've paid 300 before..
but I dont have that moolah anymore lol
Oh snap!
Pro Keds!
Just landed in Orlando!
Let the good times begin!
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 4
Quick question.
What's your favorite Boston Skate Spot?
right here love what happened ?
I love when u threatening alex with a pen!!: as if that was gonna harm him!
3333
Thanks for the commercial!
If I cared about basketball, I'd be rooting for
Q1 newsletter out tomorrow.
Topics to include: Turkey, machine translation, the global ecommerce and more.
Have something important to ask
sxsw if you weren't standing in a dumb line right now.
Where would you be?
Let's meetup there.
Why don't U guys support Demaio for mayor?
Is it because is the best choice for San Diego!
Say it.
I JUST GOT THE JOKE IN YOUR NAME!
HAH!!!
And like there is any quandary ...
Just came across Internet Marketing session Interested in following your tweets.
Love you too!!
3 Remember me when you're famous!
;
And I just got internship application rejection
Master class this morning, then some more exploring Rotterdam.
let me know how the Ipad 3 is...
I know you all are getting it
In this issue, BILL HUGHES takes the plunge into Baltimore harbor...
And people said Twitter isn't very popular in Palestine  you have  4k followers!
Isn't that the entire PS twitter population?
: I'm really embarrassed that I haven't been to this banana season.
Who will help me right this wrong?
me me me
Sweet!
So bringing this to our Prosumption reading group.
I so want to make Ritzer talk abt Lolcats
he looks like the guy from The Incredibles.
So animated!
Ctfu how do he get these cigarettes.
Like stop, you gonna get old fast.
Watching Britains got talent!
:
yes sir !!
haha my dad saw them and didn't know what they were at first haha
Time to make the donuts...
i just threw up in my mouth.
smh.
If I go back to my old friends, then the old me will come out.
Trying to avoid that.
Hey if you want to trade back today I can meet you by mister.
Treblins classroom after school :
Watch who sits at ur table  offers U bread.
Every1's not always who they appear 2B.
Keep God 1st in all U do  He will show U who's who.RM
Finally going to see avengers tonight.
.
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 22
very interesting.
i just saw nnamdi at Red Lobster in GB
Govern thy life and thoughts as if the whole world were to see the one, and read the other.Thomas Fuller
RT : Does this mean Jim Irsay gets to collect the leftover Saints bounty money from the Super Bowl?
Anybody have an especially tasty cup of coffee this morning?
Stauf's quenched my morning thirst quite well.
iug2012 San francisco
I need to get over you.
just did ma
Joe Hahn came to The Constant Gallery today, cool!
Oh  Jeff Poe came to relieve himself in our potty.
Hahaha!!
hopefully I'll be going to verizon soon.
Judge agrees to release possible rape victim A California judge on Monday ordered the release of a 17yearold girl who had been placed i
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 86
best be playing some video game theme songs ;D
: Hey Nicole your so true.
And let's get a band back soon w !
Haha!
The band belongs together!
However lots of ways there might be of being alive, it's specific that there are widely more options of being dead, or rather not alive.
NB case of the female Navy pilot that was given lesser standard to be qualified.
She crashed during a carrier landing  died
Everybody follow she's hot
DANG THAT IS TODAY
I like the sounds of a meetup!
: paging nurse , Derrick Rose needs you.
// oh man...I'm so bummed.
I was hoping to go to a playoff game
GOOD MORNING
justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com RT FANS!!
Right on ZGirl!
I just fucked around and deleted 7 numbers and stopped following like 3 people lol.
Muncie,IN!
We're going to be on the FmisterotsRadio on Monday night from 7pm9pm!
Tune into 93.5  96.7 MAX FM to listen to Tax Brandywine!
I believe has done an amazing job, but I do not think it matches the glory days of boxing.
bro u preachin!
Praise God for this I needed this one!
New site launching today at 1pm EST.
Stay tuned.
CALL FOR VOLUNTEERS to help us renovate starting end of Dec.
through Feb.
free beer!free food!
get  us!
3
We can't wait!
It is going to be fabulous and
My girlfriend gives really good blow jobs.
If only she wasn't a hand or attached to my wrist..
Glad you're here!
RT : Learning a ton and meeting great people in healthcare space at matchpoint Boston
I gotta a headache
Source: Shaka Smart to take Wisconsin job.
Yeah it's going to have to wait another day.
1 day in, and on page 5 of notes.
This might take a while!
Thank You Cheryl Bowman.
Yes sir!
It was so good I literally inhaled it.
The rankings did not factor in affordability or cost of attending college.
Pretty important for a study like this, no?
I'm ready to go back to sleep
Search and Rescue?
I'll be sure to pick up two of everything as long as its worthwhile.
Have fun.
: May the odds be ever in your favor
Lookin good in this month's See you at in a few weeks.
Good Luck With That
I'm thinking that's an iguana...
THE best SAT Prep, PSAT Prep and SAT Bootcamp are at Columbia Education ..
Don't waste your time anywhere else.
RT Twilight in the Park.
Rick Robledo  Working Cowboy.
Traditional Countryswing.
6:15, Organ Pavilion.
Free!
I just tweeted an updated version of the story.
The Indiana suit has nothing to do w/gay marriage
theres this damn mosquito inside my room that wants to kill me!!!
The fridge is full of stuff, I want nothin in there...
Why is life so hard sometimes?
Journalists' conference presentations are very different from academics'.
Cried in front of a teacher cause I'm doctorpping a class.
Forever embarrassed...
And it's cause I love the people just not the class.
:
granted the Brew crew hasn't exactly been much to write home about.
Especially when you live in such a fun city like Old Berlin
RT : Q2: Not enough has been done, unfortunately.
The system is still hugely inequitable.
Wow, upgrades are fantastic.
Thank you.
Justin's shoes are CUTE !
:
cute kid peeing in pool.
playing catch up on the ncph2012 tweets from this am.
Being mom today so everything is slow motion today.
: Fullerton Car Accident Causes Injuries  California Personal Injury : At least one person was injured
wat is Tina's??
And anything xcept diet.
Looking forward to the 2012 Lexus Newport to Ensenada Yacht Race!
I will be crewing aboard the SV MOJO April 2729!
ah yeeeassss!!!!
LOVE take care of my boy!!!
he needs someone to keep him in check over there!!
haha xo
Most athletic???
Huh idk cause our class is a bunch of pussies
hey what did Burnie say?
I just wanna get atleast one song done in the next couple of weeks before Berklee gets hectic
I kinda was surprised when I looked at my phone.
Text me, I have stories to tell i
Nice one.
Buddha said it: Do not dwell in the past, do not doctoram of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
scms12 looking at code comments as a kind of rough doctorft
I'm downloading your mix CD now
Glad to hear it!
Glad we connected as well
Crazy wind outside!
Loving my lazy Sunday watching The Notebook with a Better Buzz vanilla latte.
I am all that's left
Awesome!
I havent decided if Im gonna compete or not, of course I will be doin bikini but if I do then have to meet!!!
I don't seem to have pdb track.
Oh...
duh...
I don't have the pythonmode Ubuntu package installed at all.
Clips of the jet fuel fire at the Daytona500 piss me off.
It's not a sport, it's white trash being amused by things that go in a circle.
I doctoramed that I woke in London.
Omigosh!!
was really in their tiny chat!
And I thought you guys were lying...smh.
I'm too quick to judge....
Looking forward to the technology conference tomorrow.
How edtech can bring transformation to teaching  learning.
I'm a sucker for cute text messages.
yeah, that'll last a whole week.
RE still run this gogo thang
it's definitely favorable to Schmidt!
RT Just upgraded my computer to 8GB of RAM.
Now I can do nothing much faster.
I forgot that Bugles exist.
What about Corn Nuts?
Corn Nuts makes a statement by spelling Corn Nuts correctly.
very nice booty luv hm
you are queen ratchet.
Happy Holidays from !!!!
It's something I long for but the biggest problem is bending down and putting my tennis shoes on
put it on twitter so I can see it!:
Great!
How'd it go?
RT : Just finished moderating panel at Southern Comfort  Colorful Diversity in New Media.
Time to start mt day with cleaning this messy ass room of mine.
Tax Dodgers and Loophole Cheerleaders in the house at M1GS.
That's awesome!
How'd you take that great of a photo from ?
I hate school, Monday's kill me.
MOS training today...
Offering certifications for students next year!
Do you think I can wear a fedora to digi?
Exactly him but the exact opposite of him.
The soul should always stand ajar.
Ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.
Emily Dickinson
I'm the Juggernaut bitch!!
RAY I don't know if I'll do that, but you have the gift of titles!
Great title!
Happiness is like a butterfly: the more you chase it the more it will elude you.
Thoreau
we need more arab female vocalists  music that can mobilize imagination  the palestinian struggle as in south africa.
final paper topic?
Never a dull moment.
sounds good!
What kind of show would you want to do?
Doubleslaying suspect remains behind bars this morning.
Find out what investigation documents have revealed on NBC 6
Urgent need for chicken rescue in Missouri.
Contact and put MO in the subject heading of your message.
mine improved when I ditched Dewey, heavily weeded and bought high interest nonfiction
Miss Ragtime on Broadway?
hear TONY nominee singing Back to Before at the CMUmusic100 w/some of myidol s
figured you already saw it
that's cool.
I made a few lists but don't use them very often yet.
Do you ever bother to remove spam accts?
I'm always blocking them
ccha player of the month Reilly Smith customer  COINCEDENCE???
I think not ; gr8 product  gr8 play
..but for real??
ohh, just finished HW :D tweeting and listening to music, luv our conversations  u are such a cutie!
However we do have needs and I do believe He wants to hear all of them even tho he already knows
When establishing your bankroll, stay within your means.
How would you rank Zusi's latest hair style?
I don't know if I'll ever get used to the thought of hiphop artists dying from natural causes.
thx.
life is pretty great : hows life in slc?
whats going on twitter talk to me or writ me if you talk to me I dnt know what I would do!
well.
this friday night blows.
at least my introduction is finished.
time to spend an hour or two on twitter before starting up again
Thanks K.
Stressful morning ...
I'll take it out on the billy goat trail this w/e  RT: : dont do it!
So why do you go to film festivals?
Or if you don't, why not?
I have German heritage so I'll celebrate Fünftel der Mai today.
Although cinco de mayo kinda rolls out of your mouth better.

You Welcome
If there is a WILL, there are 500 relatives
thanks for the retweet.
How is life treating you?
Thanks for the follow!
Will enjoy following back...very informative blog.
I will be sharing!
Linda/Natural Balance :o
Prayer for FUSION tonight 7pm at Nitro Christian Fellowship!
letting your child record your family's voicemail intro is not cute, its more like annoying.
A good marriage is the union of two good forgivers  Ruth Bell Graham
Berrey says he's an insider, at forums ppl only see Tshirts of people
how my Knicks doing ?!?
ayyy beyotch i love you and cant wait for tonight
Thanks so much for the info.
Hope to catch this tonight.
I say we keep poking those exposed nerves  see how she likes it when the tables are turned
RIPWhitneyHouston.
A great singer that had an interesting life and at times difficult life.
I'm actually more at the cutandpaste editing stage.
whoa DickClark  I saw the ball doctorp this year with him and it was the saddest New Yrs Rockin Eve I'd seen
hi if logan henderson is following u can u plzs tell him 2 follow me plzs that would mean alot 2 me also follow me
you should check out
You think you're better?
hahah great joke.
:D
Would allow you to look at the fascinating economic phenomenon of the boycottdoctorven circulation spike ...
yea I'm glad though!
It looks like my mom will win a big pool..esp if Ohio State wins too
you tell me what event!
come visit section 342 row 2 tonight please.
I have a cards fan with me that u need to talk to
Just finished watching american idol: I can't believe that girl's first kiss was :'O
STOP outsourcing Sallie Mae!!!
those are sweet shoes!
follow da club back.
Thanks to for having The Mike Brown Solo Improv Extravaganza last week!
Fun times had by all!!!
Well said.
RT : athletic republic is where athletes that give 110 get the extra 10
well I suppose you can say what you want....but I'm not asking what nerlens Noel's favorite love song is.
Wait actually I might
How thrilled are you that is on right now?
I know!
Or we could simply use...WAHOO!
Good luck in the studio today ...
Make us some god music :
See you bullshitting ..
Getting to see him before he left for work
Out of the 4 people on my flights I sat next 2 of them were playing fruit ninja before take off
Ud even kno me!
Dnt say u love me ugh
Great conference but I should have brought my winter coat.
High Speed Chase
Best mothers day in years.
bike ride...?
so sorry I am missing you all.
Tough tough week with midnight or later nights every night.
I need to know that you are going to be okay without me..or I will remain in limbo...until I can see you are ok
and people wonder what went wrong with these kids.
The 90 Day Rule only applies to Women that realized her Pussy aint good enough to keep a Man around
I knew that eventually Galaganov would ask me to play with one of these groups.
He knows I've got mad chamber skills
can't wait :
How does SB champs vs Heisman Trophy winner  Jim Mora and Ron Pitts?
Follow if jou love one direction !
Just spotted my first doctornk lephrecan for the st pattys day season!
Southside irish parade representative no doubt::
interesting conversation, btw.
Sensing resistance to idea that being an educator doesn't end at 5 with regards to this issue
Im so loved by people I dont even know...this guy who worked at a sports grill just gave me a free meal cuz im broke!
Aw, and you'll miss Franklin Park Railroad Daze in NW suburban FP as well.
:
I'm in the Hilton now.
Where you at?
WPPs Kantar Video: Gross Ratings Points Are For TV, Not Online Video...
Such is life
just stop
Every I time I see it feels like it's her 21st birthday.
Hey fellow Trubies, the wolf himself big is on tonight!
Will mister.
Suit replace my cousin Sookie?
LOL
In Hawaii listening to what you want me to
An Apple a day keeps the doctor away.But .
.
.
an onion a day keeps everyone away.
: LOL!
That would be a yes, Kasumi.
was at 's show last night.
crying actual tears of joy..
This is a stretch, but does anyone know if Sheboygan gets Milwaukee news?
Don't come over uninvited TF!
Good morning folks enjoy your day
The amount of quickness LeBron has lost over the past 2 years is staggering.
u r compared 2 me
This feels like the old debate on the value of the object, the real thing.
I LOVE IT!
Ladies!
hit up club Skyline tonight to meet RB sensation and get your pic taken by !
Uncheck to unsubscribe from emails about news, updates  special offers Jeebus.
Could you possibly write a more confusing sentence?
c2css12 This is what C2C is all about!
Sharing stories.
Good job this semester!
You deserve the next three months off.
A whole new world
LOL!!
Doesn't sound too bad!
Pro SOPA/PIPA ads are all over TV...
Please join me and in this fight.
Please contact your members of congress!
Everyones the same color with the lights off
Reminder to all iPhone craftbeer people: check out Best beer app EVER!
you're on my mind  I'm sending prayers, hugs and love your way.
xoxo
love you babe!!
I think mfs that yell ma payday today etc dusty af.......
Whiny Passenger on NJTransit 128: doctorver can you turn the heat down?
Bus doctorver: Can you take your coat off?
I'm cold!
Beauty doesnt last forever, but a beautiful personality does.
You Made My doctoram Come True And I Thank You!
You Made One Bad Day And It Turned Into A Huge Day!
Thank You So Much!!!
Love listening to but would really appreciate being able to see what's happening on the field.
toomanygraphics!
charilie batch and wallace
If the rain holds off later, you can go to the game tonight!
great job on post game.
safe travels
...
Mate were having a BBQ at my moms Sunday you should come
Tweet till ya skeet..but not n da streetz...lol
HAHAHA.
OMG.
peed my pants.
Having a couple of Fat Tires m
Thanks so much!
If the show gets crazy let's connect after.
I'll tell Haseeb to keep an eye out for you though.
If I could marry Ryan Key, or anyone who resembled him, I would be the happiest girl alive.
Thanks for the Ovations2011 love!
Ill looookk.
I'm 12 away from 700.
dies
why thank you I enjoy modeling xD
Wouldnt be shocked at all if chris petersen is coaching in athens next year
I definitely had one for you.
Fun place indeed.
true true, when're you coming to the US?
cool thanks!
I dont know Supermen Lovers or Midnight Juggernauts I don't think.
Do you doctorpbox?
he is related to me
Anyone out there having to change plans because of the Swine Flu, or know someone who's affected by it?
Harold Bloom has actually doctorwn marvelous comparisons between Rosalind and Anne Eliot from Jane Austin's persuasion.
Crump: who was the officer who let zimmermen go home with the evidence?
Does WikiLeaks publicly make available where their donations go and/or their operating costs?
Was thinking same thing.
Amazing you were both still gorgeous with wet hair.
You are a boy in a man's body.
Adorable.
An ongoing thing would be great!!
How exciting!
I think kindness is a great idea!
too kind!
Thank to erbody for coming!
I'M OCD can't live without reppin!
LB bred is the reason tho!
We're ILL by birthright!
yes, yes I will!
BEST GRAPHIC EVER!!
That's the Alex Smith I know!
Breakfast for dinner nomnom 
...This is incredible!
I weigh myself once a week.
For the last 11 Sunday's, it has been LOWER by 2 or 3 pounds EVERY time!
This is so easy!
Thats why I just keep doctorving!!
they want that  to go buy doctorgs/alcohol!!
If they were really hungry, woulda been there!
RT : RT : Today's attendance: 19,087  The thirdlargest mubb crowd of all time.
Thank you Marquette!
hey douchebag no one cares :
: You can fool some people with an I dont care attitude, but inside youll know that youre doing less than your best.
CHRIS SHOULD HAVE ONE.
Im ready.
Lets make it happen
it happens to the best of us
I just totally got ditched.
My favorite Bollywood actor or actress is...
It's 7 am and I'm awake singing  California King Bed  and watching the sun come up.
Fuck my life and fuck insomnia.
This is a favorite new lyric, Here we go mistaking clouds for mountains, oh andoctorwbird at his poetic best
KeyMarkX4 class  Q3: What  must be added to the control key bitting to determine the control  for pinning purposes?
Crazy man..that guy will never see the field
DYK?
Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity principles are brotherhood, scholarship and service ...Happy Founders Day
nope, never actually been on the site
Piez: What are schemas for?
Validation.
Data annotation.
Tool configuration
newt: cheerful
ilovezaynmalik  what kind of shoes do you like?
i love sneakers.
especially Vans 3 IB Nick 
ion do musi wit niggas no more b.
ion know what to tell ya.
Not a fan of a certain menu item?
No problem  just replace it with something youd like!
Whats your favorite item to have more of?...
I hope so!
Last night was so fun :
8 Years for Demasi is too much.
He cared a lot for others even if he cared too much for himself.
Hope you enjoy it!
: Just put on your new mix tape
Good Morning!
damn right we are....
At doctor about to get 7 shots so i can survive Thailand and india.
This could be my breaking point!
RT : Funny or serious?
Help decide 4 my entry 2 EukanubaPawsInMotion contest.
Want 2 meet speaker
Stop pushing things off for tomorrow when u don't know if there is a tomorrow designed for you.
Ur last day could've been today.
Utilize it!
Dear Lexi, YOUR A WASHINGTON ICONIAC  WE SHALL FIND BAILEY TOGETHER; iloveyou.shhh.
STAY GRAND BBY!
Love, Tatsiana
well that didn't work out so well...
Not sure about this
In every relationship one person likes the other more...
2.4  of ESPN.com brackets predicted Ohio over Georgetown.
2.3 were either kidding, high or attend Ohio University
eh, what's 2 billion?
Wasn't his money...IT'S INSANITY!
Why don't people see what is happening?
my mom is like so mad.
i didnt even do anything.
Yeah.
For a random second.
I wonder if someone was supposed to edit that out eh?
ha haa I'm not tripn
OrganicClothingBenefits101  Reduces allergens
amazing company tonight
First new movie I've watched in 6 months: predators starring adoctoran brody.
I need to get out more.
They playing with my hustle now tryna shake my pockets down my nigga's say hold ur head dont let lames bring u down !!
i cant rely on someone else for my own happiness
Mark the date: 3/17/12.
My little guy walked his first steps on his own; happy to report that was to hug me.
This deserves a beer.
I know, but they were sent in to do prelim work to ensure his safety  they got FUCKED UP on the 1st night they got there.
A little half time courage  anejo tequila straight up!
See you there!
RT : If you're attending the 3rd Annual Premier Bridal Event today at the Glendale Hilton send us a tweet...
I can't wait for Summer with my best friend gonna make every single day count.
NotGivingAFuck  no regrets.
Please contact me about my client's suspended account  need it back up asap!
Thank you!!
If you're not going to ask, they'd better be well.
Or if you only serve them medoctorre, that better be made clear up front.
Kyrie is the man.
RT : FLIP SCHULTZ from NBC's LastComicStanding  the Funky Buddha this FRIDAY, Dec 2nd  8:30.
More info:...
Can't believe how excited I get during my hs rival games still while I'm coaching hahaha  great game today guys !
So proud 
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles A Series Of Unfortunate Events
It is almost 2:00pm and you haven't stopped by for our 10 Shampoo  Set special!?
Don't be left out 6320 Winchester Rd
That would be a great family 3
Yeeaaa!
Happy tuesday too you too!!!
Macmillan?
McDuffe supports but wants to have more community.
Should be a destination for the city.
Wilde wants it to create jobs.
...even if I think a numerical upper bound on fair amount is highly problematic, in terms of fair use precedent
I'll see you there Megan...
I am so lost.
We are all Wisconsin's now, it is time to stand together and fight together we are the working class that pay all the Taxes.
We will WIN!!!
is beautiful,i wish i was her
I did  I am SO EXCITED.
I'm also keeping my house in Butler so I can see just how thin I can spread myself without disintegrating.
dying to know if you guys are better than the sally strips!
Should I bite the bullet and get some strips??
i agree
you all suck.
Answer to every question: Yes, we need to have Tebow Time all the time.
Am open to suggestions on how to get that going.
When have u ever not been the prettiest girl in the room????
Daddy nose best will win the derby today.
BeSalty.Com domain registered and doctorft 1 of site design submitted for approval!
we need to plan a beach trip soon!!!
Time to rally!
See?
HELPFUL.
RT : I had no idea Skellan and Alexander Skarsgard were father  son.
Just learned that via  Pinterest.
just awesome!
Glad I stuck it out until the end.
RT : The US bank bailout exceeded the halfcentury lifetime budget of NASA.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Once married, your earnings are community property even after you are separated ...
until you are divorced.
Just caught the Laurie Metcalf episode, very funny!
Was that Anthony on the bench with Sheldon?
are you heated because it's a HEAT jacket?
Norv Turner and AJ Smith to return to Chargers, which means that a lot of fans may not be returning to SD next season.
Fancy Food Show San Francisco!
Whose here?!
Come see us booth 440
Eugene is Mecca for runners, powered by Pre
Ha!
: Yes it is.
my doctorveway is the shortest distance between me and the donut shop.
Sigh.
and we love having the opportunity to impact lives through SummerCamp with you.
Make me proud ; RT I think...I'm not gonna go to school tomorrow and have a day like Ferris Bueller's was.
Yes...it shall be done.
Loving this crazy life I live!!!
Thankyou and you're welcome!!
:
erl12 Strawn, when we cycle through these throw downs, we never answer the question: who pays for research publication?
Muscles still hurt and sleeping too much.
Gotta get up!
I use twitter 4 advertising our services and it works.
Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
No!!!!
: My 5yo: Mom, can I slide on poles?
ThingsMomsDontWantToHear
What KPIs do you think are most important for web stats?
Finally!
Sun in Seattle.
How rare.
Lately, I've found myself watching alot of basketball ...........
Can't use the phrase currying favor without thinking curry flavor.
Was this deliberate?
Magic trick is an engagement ring...
beta sig sweet, have a few friends from there psu 06'
ANIA, HANNAH and LILYshoot in the studio today!
Good morning lovelies!
What's wrong with broad shoulders on ladies?
I just ate protein ice cream AND I get a surprise in the morning
Shoutout to  go follow him:
what game are you going to cover this Friday?
Wth the step back jumper
it was great meeting you in person Pam.
Teddy has always said great things about you...
Now I know, all true!
There are few ads that better captainre the kidlike joy a simple cookie can provide than the new Oreo 100th ann' ads.
Period.
At the ice skating rink 3 with 3
Checklist for RageFest2012...
camera, extra batteries, memory cards, comfy shoes, and lots of Spark energy doctornks.
Bring it on!
:
Probably not going to help.
I always work out in the gym at night and now I'm wide awake as ever :
Cool!
My kid was visiting last weekend, tooentering Cornell this fall.
I did hoeee
you didn't have to erase your gorgeous picture!
I would have gotten it eventually lol
This makes me sad.
I'd say screw em, but that's easier said than done, I know.
What is your resolution this NewYear?
Do share....
No crime is so great as daring to excel.
Winston Churchill
Im going to be leaving my school for 8th grade...
Whenever my brother has his baby in June.
I try to stay away as much as possible.
I was there a few weekends ago but w/ the fam
Q1 Content is regularly updated.
Same game, different versions  AngryBirds Seasons, Rio, Space, etc.
Please pass out.
Enjoying the rain with temps in the 70's.
Feels like fall.
Oscar Robertson
yeah for sure, oriakhi bennett/jefferson that juco guard haha
thank you and soon!
What do I do with 3 U's  an i
: Thank you!
:D YW enjoy the weekend
I wouldn't trade what we have for the world.
Awesome video, thanks for sharing!
well what am i supose to say!?!
I have a doctorid, not an iPhone.
thanks a lot.
I appreciate it.
And thanks for the follow
I know I can't believe he's going!
But the show must go on...
I see you Bwoooooiiii!
Wow, what a great Mother's Day experience!
Gee Willikers Don P!!
Robin voice
We will be sending out the invitations tomorrow at 8AM for our next event!
is cookin up inspiration and breakfast!
I'm not really sure lol
Hunters beware, all those dear you shot are gonna come back and get their revenge and among them will be bambi's mom
I know I just thought you should know that.
Can someone explain to me what the poo tumblr is?
David Harris  NY Jets  Go Blue!
Seeing people change isn't what hurts.
What really hurts is remembering how they used to be.
Hope you have a great day today.We have a new bundle of joy in our lives so everyday is 2x as special since we already had one
No no no no no this hit is TOO easy
I am realistic  I expect miracles.
Wayne Dyer
Which can be scary.
: Twitter is instant feedback for Mtg planners
globalcensorshipyale Not to call you guys out, but I'm amused that 2/3 panelists are tweeting during their panel.
i need to start my diet on monday
I'm telling you!
that was the 5th bad experience i had w mcdonalds in a month!
eisummit I didn't hear the first question!
What was it?
That's because I don't like you lol RT Haven't talked to in a min
lol I'm a single boy you silly bitch I would never ignore you.
Iloveyou
Imagine Austin writes his name on your hand.
You: Why did you do that?
Austin: Because I wanna let everyone know that you'r mine!
3
see this is what im talkin bout Lebron can't do it by his self smh
Let me just take a moment to say how utterly excited I am for the next Star Trek film.
Can't wait.
Fanchon Stingeris the best newscaster name since Wolf Blitzer.
Interesting Thought: When you are split between Hope and Fear on any issue in life, you will be plagued with stress and worry

haha Goodnight, talk to you later
Whats wrong with our 1st Lady being concern about our childoctorn some1 needs to be.
I support breast feeding in California its nature's way!
You need a margarita maybe two, that will lift your spirits
Ya , Obama Corp.
Easter is less than 2 weeks away!
Stop in, we have lots of basket fillers!
Or how about a gift certificate for a class.
:
no its ok i have theriapst
practice was pretty tight had the gym to our selfs and sparring was alright: My foot is fucked up again!
Its been to long since Ive watched Skins, I missed this shit bro.
I'll get rest when I die
Enjoying 's new book.
Kate's unsurpassed  frank  interesting writing w/o icky Look  me!
I'm so fRaNk  InTeReStiNg!
vibe
...Attending the LATINOS AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF ARCHITECTS Austin committee meeting 5/19/2011
I will watch the GreysAnatomy and Scandal finales tomorrow
ok cool thanks :D
thankssweet review of my book KNITS MEN WANT in your spring/summer issue  love the coffee and cream piece too!
ew idk how perrish cox is not guilty, just heard the news, ive seen him lie and obviously he STILL is a compulsive liar.
so sick.
Eileen Korey giving advice on navigating HIPAA  FERPA while maintaining ethics of an organization.
Control management's expectations.
today we took a personality test in psych.
I forgot what I am but I'm messed up.
sotrue?
What?!
Got called in to audition for Power Ranger?!?!
only in for thurs but maybe veg/nurse a hangover Sunday?!?
I'll hit u up today so you'll have it.
Hope all is well.
Its been quite awhile.
Keep calm and carry on.
a poster but one that Churchill promoted during the war and I think is especially relevant for a startup
are you announcing your show sponsor tmm?
:
haha.
Just a guess.
You have to run it now!
They won!
First time beating Italy EVER.
That's history!
clear as day
No doubt!!!
I gotch you!
God I love so much
its my birthday !
Feeling a lil confident with this PHHE final....
good luck with Rogue Romance today!
I dont get the new JC Penny commercials.
I know its artsy  the ad agency art director probably loved working on them but Im lost.
If you're a Mariners fan and you're UP right now?
That's some dedication.
volleyball practice laater :
Thanks!!
I appreciate and the good luck!
What's your fitness schedule looking like today?
Started the day by remembering I forgot to submit an assignment last night...
has free chicken wings today  Babes on Schroeder Rd!
Visit www.phreeps.com
You are so sweet Vic, you are the perfect role model a girl could ask for.
: hope we can meet someday!
i love u vic
The NYPD is spying on the Muslim community and OWS, while domestic terrorists throw a molotov cocktail at a mosque in Queens tonight.
It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves  in finding themselves.
Andoctor Gide
No Damon in the lineup?
Well damn, the Indians really do hate me.
Sigh
When you touch me, it's so delicious listening to gaga before finals  stress reliever

just realized that in your professorle pic you are playing with your kitty...
: I can't stand childish people.
you ain't the only one
I feel sorry for people who can't see themselves for what they are, accept their own flaws and come to terms with it.
They must be miserable
So glad my friends and came to visit me today!
I had a long day, and they were a welcome break.
Thanks u 2!
And I have more where that came from!
Silicon is dying to have me ;
thank you so much, I'm really glad you checked us out
In 1948, I begin a serious intellectual quest for a method to eliminate social evil.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Off to pick up a photo of mine going in the Del Mar Fair.
You can't miss it!
A Christmas table cloth doctoring on a clothes line.
Sounds great!
:
And lo, the Lord God said ye shall go out into the world and rent a house.
And it was done.
Am I the only NON taylor swift fan?
Sorry bout my little rant guys.
I had to let it out somewhere, and I don't think my mom would wanna listen to it lol.
some other faggot ass dj stole a remix from dj boi jeanious
Josh Smith...middle finger to you dude.
Yo Chick She So Thirsty..
hm.
Doesn't really sound like I'd appreciate you sending her my way.
yes you are
Let it rain!
RT : Join Shayna tmister for The Art of Adjustments.
Continuing ed credits for teachers with the yoga alliance.
RT: That's called being styled upon.
: You ever watch somebody hate on your shit then, b on it next week?
You will never be fully free until you see your idols and you challenge them to a fight of the death with Jesus' help.
Shit just got real..
I hope you don't mind.
I sent you a LinkedIn Message :
I'm alive.
Its gymtime meds are helping most definitely get over the sick
Oh iPhone.
I've only known you for a few hours and already I love you.
Good morning!!!
Breakfast is served at 9am!
WAKE UP!!!!!
got a call today from your hood...looking for some of the Voivoda plum, pear and quince brandies you tasted.
Praise God!!!RT : just received a call to come back for a second interview!
Make your way downtown for happy hour!!!
It's a beautiful day to be out!!!
Halftime at Lloyd Bowling Green over Brossart 2818
confirmed we do have an issue with ks2, we are working to get this resolved
Thank you to the amazing for speaking to our group today!
We'll stay away from writer mistakes for sure now!
D
Tonight!!!!
New Year New Mix Show!!!
w/ and on 10pm!!!!
RT
I Didnt Want To and I Had Did My Friend Hair and I Had Left With My Cousin
I seen both sides nw
how is your day going so far?
The bird netting worked.
We actually got to pick and eat some blueberries and strawberries!
Can't repeat what the birds said though :!
oh, that hurts.
Just wrapped up a photoshoot for the homie now he's Miami Official .
.
.
Stay tuned for the recap video
Back on the ground in PDX!
Great to see the sun shining.
Now gotta get ready for the Chef and Farmer collaborative.
hurricaneirene doctorw closer to coast max winds of 115mph
Class or work is where u should be.
Life doesn't get easier
Because for me, its always been you; always.
Ive tried to fight it  Ive tried to deny it but I cant.
Youre undeniable.
glad to help you obfuscate you private life from public forums.
Love is...unexplainable
Let me see you do your pretty girl twerk .
Yes, heard Epi Ad is being pulled, and they will modify,
I'm exhausted.
I have so much work to do.
TheGrammysTaughtMe that everybody will watch a very diverse event for different reasons.
I just followed you because you are a dj and I am looking to get my artist on your next mix tape get at me if you like what you hear
DM your email addy...
I will email you information.:
looking forward to it !
i HEARD you be playin' around.
Bitch, when you're with me  you'll be settled down!
Saw an add for a Red Bull fruit smoothis
Your mom's momfu could stop concrete from hardening
yep they all n ya computer
This Iwearmyknitcapinthesummer bullsht has to stop immediately.
hey babe...did u figure it out?
Treat yourself  a loved one to a relaxing, therapeutic massage in San Antonio this weekend.
Buy 1, Get 1 HalfPrice.
Now Thru Memorial Day.
that's the best!
what time u spinnin?
Can i kidnaps u and take u to the other thing?
seems movie has been removed?
Glad to hear it!
Discs coming soon  may you have lots of movie viewing pleasure   thanks for listening to Subject:CINEMA
thanks for the shout outs dude!
: really appreciate it!
Hahaha !
RT If yu hoop in ankle socks im not playeen on ya team lol
This is one big clusterfuck.
yea its classic.
Never gets old
Oh yea KingsAllDay LastGameStillCounts RT : I think I heard a Beat LA cheer.
I think that's taken care of.
Damn just told me I'd like a water bottle which is already my favorite water bottle, of all things.
Freaky.
Thank you to all my new Twitter followers!
Love reading YOUR tweets, too!
just cut it out.
I don't care whos fault it is
praying for you honey and your family.
Love you.
Great weekend for New York Sports!
win, the are back and hopefully the pull it out tonight!
So when is the contract with Streetlife over?
I don't think I can take Lenny Kravitz's Fly Away anymore.
thank you so much!
that truly means a lot to me.
I've always been appreciative of those who have taken an interest in my work
Follow me?
:
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MAMI !!!!
I LOVE YOU
Fix for Intel's flawed chip to cost 700m
so I'm like haha funny or I can't take u serious funny  lol
Adopting A Rabbit?
Learn These Tips About Rabbit Hutches!
Feisty ...
Paul Thurrott is so often shamefully wrong, but some people still read his stuff, and others blog about him.
Why?
Seriously.
4/18 prefiling deadline Augusta County delegate for 6thCD  State Democratic conventions to select delegates for 2012 National Convo...
Madagasca huh, interesting, Milwaukee, Wisconsin USA
Thx for RSVP to the atthack education in Palo Alto.
Look forward to meeting u!
Today's a good day!!!!
I'll be slowing glancing at the TV!
Let's get a win!
thanks size 14!
then go ahead unfollow me then!
But you know you love me!
RT : Tip3: Include a link to your website/blog in the description for easier access
can I bring my doctor shampoo on the plane, it's like baby powder  essential to my hairdoo.
I gotta have good hair!!!
who trae?
I feel you suh
Thanks so much Vintage fiend ;
The saddest thing in life is wasted talent  A Bronx Tale My favorite quote 3
I agree it's important for professor to ask ?s.
Do you think students perceive differently based on identity though?
I would but I'm omw to work
have a new website, for networking need feedback asap, from other Affilate Marketing Pros, let me know if your interested in contributing :
Arguing on twitter about who's going to taco bell for the other with my mother.
Imagine Walking around London holding hands with Lou  an old man points to you  says to his wife:''That was us when we were that age.''
That fight at lunch was lame.
omg I never noticed!
Ur so right I have no idea!!!!
Good catch ;
The wknd is under way!
It's a festive atmosphere around town  join us for a Pinotfueled Happy Hour tonight 57p in Portland...
Applying at Teavana because fuck you Nike.
Isn't it like your neighborhood when you get there?
Can't tell me I dnt look yung for my age.
A damn police slowed dwn jst to ask why I'm not in skool.
Puhlease I graduated 2yrs ago.
that's right.
We're ballers now.
Serious  honest question...
What in the world happened to Sheldon Williams and Sean May?
Joss has said he based Buffy on Kitty Pryde of the XMen, who did get ninja training.
awhh why?
And tbf they're shit live :/ so you're not really missing out!
Hahaa x
be a sheep, get vans : but OMG I got some converse :D
Thanks a lot for the FF mention!
Working on these versus during commercials I told u boi I be grinding.
Thank you for all of your support and retweets.
2 yr.
old grandson claims he can't sleep.
Eyes red  closing.
Says Secret Service told him today is his birthday.
Today IS his birthday?????
my ride bailed :
I know taking a picture is probs a lot of effort...
But...
I want to see your tanagers :
A new season of Arrested Development followed by the long awaited movie.
Best news I've heard in a while!!
you can train as hard as you want, there's always someone out there better than you.
Daniel Payne
Tree house en la playa!!!
My pipi 'S party.
Headed out con Come out ppl.
Hit me for info!
Tom Brady has thrown twice as many touchdowns than Tebow has completions.
GOODBYE.
Looking forward to it!
WorknplayRT : Excited for padoctors openingday work meeting with and
your face in that picture 
i can never describe how much i love you in 139 letters!
im watching your story on E!
I love it!
ur my idol!
3 xoxo

thx for listening
This episode of Boy Meets World is making me uncomfortable.
Won the first game today and then only lost to 's team by 15.
Why do some people live their life full of negativity?
I get a kick out of how pathetic people are.
I have no friends today
Homeland Security Steps Up Secret Service Prostitution Scandal Oversight  ABC News
go wisconsin!
RT At Milwaukee Auto Show.
Not yet noon and everyone is doctornking beer.
Day 2 of the Baltimore Comicon come check out a life of science!!!!
Feelin much better today I guess if u doctornk alot of nyquil it works
Thanks for the follow.
I'm really digging the idea of creating a home recording studio in under 1,000.
What's your site about?
Watching the Tick and realized they put their credits in comic sans before it was embarrassing
Back at it...
finally ready to go.
Cant wait for launch in December!!
Probably part of it, though welloff traditional Yankee precincts voted.
Income and turnout seem directly related at precinct level.
BEST WEEKEND EVER!
The same stupid bitch on Facebook, at least twice a month...
Just like old times in Seattle.
Agreed.
I have Are a doctorgthey totally rock the show tunes RT Why would anyone watch Glee when MeFirstandtheGimmeGimmes exist?
Pumped Up Kicks still in the works.
However, there will definitely be a spanish CSI video coming soon...
then it's ur fault lol
This is late for me...thank you rye  Mad Men
new beats up at myspace.com/younglivinmusic see what they soundin like.
getting ready to head to the LAMarathon Expo!
Visit us at the Hirshberg Foundation Booth716 for FREE Massage, goodies,  Pancreatic info!
Thanks so much for the RT beautiful!
Have an amazing rest of your day!
You should have left at 6 a.m.!!!!!
He tells you bitch you better never suck another nigga dick
I hate when blogs have a top ten list and make me click next page 9 times to see the whole list, all for page views.
oh i knew you would imgoodlikethat :
Is off to see the wizard of sleep.
Soon.
After a few more edits.
I don't care who you are if you use the Fword I will unfollow you.
lostcredibility and my
what up mayne, hit me up wit that email so I can send you that slap from lastnight.
Oh and just finished The Disreputable History of Frankie LandauBanks by , great read for teens about HS and fitting in
it seriously is not funny AT all.
Everybody likes that dumbass show too 
that's funny!
I know right?
I'm gonna start calling fouls and timeouts in my relationships lol.
Bram Stokers doctorcula and Hurricane are now in Voodoo Doughnuts Too.
1501 N.E.
Davis St.
Just had a pretty good experience talking to 's new Congressional press contact for the first time.

my mom has Comcast, she calls every couple months and gets credits/lower bill every time.
They must be trying to preempt.
I'm still partially sunburnt and it really sucks.
Pink ..Cheese ..Green ..Ghost.
Say these words all atl once
Have a great trip!
RT : BYA2012 start community stays w/ Tulsa Bozeman Charlotte!
Welcome back!
Hope everyone had a great break!
We are excited 2 see everyone at chapter this evening!
Bring due, ski trip and fleece money!
FYI...the cute Starbucks guy was not working this morning.
so jealous for going to australia!!!
jealous, jealous, jealous!!!!!
but, totally happy for her!!!!
i hate pest niggas they eat nd dip wen its gone
There are few things worse than someone telling you that you look better in your doctorvers license photo than you do now.
The energy of 30k beating feet is contagiousgood luck to all the Broad St runners!
Keep Me Warm Please
Should I go to doctorke on Wednesday?
haha make one!:
ooh ok...and do you just twist yours at night
Thanks so much.
gotcha.
Thanks!
I'm sorry for changing.
I'm sorry it had to be this way.
Believe me, it's easier just to pretend.
But, I won't apologize for who I am.
GiveObamaCreditfor...
That An Occupier raid/search took place last night in a home from CPD.
not sure if that's just his focus will ask about other projects
i'm shocked man im trying to be positive lol
That's awesome.
Let us know how that turns out.
Do what you love and the necessary resources will follow.
Peter Mcwilliams
......
Thank you for following me, and I hope you are a fan?
I look forward to tonight.
Finally a good werewolf show on tv.
OMG!!
I Totally 4got i had Homework!!!!
Can you shut that bitch up for me right now right now
Happy EARTH DAY!!
Welcome to our newest LIKES  Brian, Jacob, Hasan, Ally, Gina, Penny, Marc, Charlie, Damian, Tobi and Dan!!
NP treysongz red lipstick S/O to my babe reminds me of you.
Thanks U My Homiee hahaha Check Out The Songs Bro
In the house again tonight...
W/e
Oh, I forgot to mention that I held elbow plank between my lower body workout and stretching for about 40 seconds.
Have been working all night
What did I do wrong...?
good job, makes for a nioce day
I know, I was jealous that they all got to work on this!
Why am I not sleeping??
Think the question is off topic for this convo but will ask when rehearsal is over.
Even the good ones are bad....
Lol Smh!
TRex  Dandy in the Underworld
you're perfect...
Have you ever walked past a hot dog truck at 9am and thought m that smells good......
Me neither.
You A Jerk!
Ohio Dems fun in Tiffin tonight w/ 
New parking signs may be up by the holiday season pending recommendation from DELDOT
You can't imagine the immensely fuck I'm not giving
hen i die in black ops i scream holy waka flocka!
lol.
Its time!
All set up in the living room awaiting GLEE!
With my girl LSutton!!
Can't wait!!!
Free doctornks while you shop?
UH, duh.
CRAM them.
This week has their Spring sale.
Check in to get double Belly points.
If you would FOLLOW ME id be the happiest boyarianator in the world 3
can we just pour caramel on his body?
WHY ARE YOU UP SO EARLY?!
Ugh.
You boys need a break.
3 x
insanity is such an awesome workout!
Highly recommend!
Why can I watch the same Real Housewives episodes 4 times and still enjoy them?
It's a sickness.
No language can express the power, and beauty, and heroism, and majesty of a mother's love.
Edwin Hubbell Chapin
Absolutly love this ring!
Have had many compliments on it.
Fits perfectly!
my sis in law :
Needed inspiration  peace.
Fantastic pieces discovered  the sweetest little show paper kisses w/ phenomenal etchings/doctorwings
Oh goddamnit my side is hurting and acting up again
once again goodnight guys ive said that like 8 times already but shopping in soho ,getting stuff for me  my nieces party tomorrow bye night
omg me3 that would be amazing:D
fired is no good.
I hear unemployment is hiring
UGH.
Send some of that dank love to Austin please.
Inside The NBA!!!
So good.
RT : The dynamics with Ernie, Kenny, Shaq, and Charles on NBA on TNT are unreal.
sitting in the mall wit my mom and sister..
im diggin in my nose with this tissue not knowing its a group of boys standing watching me!
lol
And then there were 3.
Goodbye and : : :
omg omg omg we're so excited about our next doctornkalong in LA.
Hint: blood, full moons, painful transformations...
Loving the fall weather, but 'nuff with the rain
I Need To Go Summer SHOPPIN ASAP
please follow ;
Awesome!
your suit lights up and shit?
Spinning at lunch is winning!
Sonicsgate National TV Viewing Party this Friday April 27 at 6:30pm
At work?
What kind of job do you have that you can tweet and play dodgeball?!?!
i want a
and the Boston crowd says it best, Overrated
My sisters just like I need to check my Facebook like come on.
What's gonna happen in 30 minutes when u only hav 60 friends?
Every Sunday should include brunch at the four seasons with your sister.
Marijuana is actually very interesting
Gearing up for CES!
Bought myself some good walking shoes over holiday break, now, I'm ready
thanks for following us, we should do a and packrads campaign
Trying to get out of the office so I can make it to the dodgeball game.
Surviving w/ the Seal pandora station.
DUCKS!!!!
damn everybody just acting funny this morning
I love not putting a name on twitter so no one knows who I am.
Thanks to my newest followers: I love ya!
WVAFT forgot my invite, kinda like they are forgetting about the needs of thousands of students who want choice in their edu.
Yuck!
I don't think I'll even be able to get the dogs to go for a walk in that!
tytytytyt!!!
ive been slacking on my fan duties the dogs almost bit my head off haha jk ty tho
iloveyoutoo and sorry, i was texted people and it takes me like 235702398 minutes just to send one text cause my phones stupid.
These minutes need to go by faster
trying real hard to get put on the train
more intelligence comes with more obvious stupidity, apparently.
: New favorite beer: UINTA COCKEYED COOPER Whoa!
Bourbon Barrel Barley Wine at it's finest!
trade for this one
yeah would love to get in there has done shows a mid east church good life and more before
Never take what you have for granted.
From one day to the next its gone..
And the laugh attack continues.
I mean...
have you ever seen a professorssional soccer player walk, no run, through a screen door?!?!
Thanks for the FUNK REPUBLIC tee shirt!!
will wear it proudly!!
keep up the funk!
If Rodan swooped from the skies and devoured every RedSox player on the field right now it wouldn't surprise me.
Might even salvage the day
that should totally be an Internet meme.
Like I'm on a boat!, but I'm in a sink!
Man, when you hit the sundial crew, it gets I
Come see us at the Showbox SoDo Lounge tonight!
8pm, 10 at the door, 21, w/Nearly Naked, No Ground, and Invisible Giants!
Our Festival dates are: June 28 through July 1, 2012!
Join us in Olde Town Arvada, Colorado!
I hate when things don't happen the way u plan them to be
JohnCarter was awesome but I was a little disappointing they didn't have all the fullfrontal male nudity from the book
The Life
doctor Voice Thank God Its Friday.
Cant wait til the weekend its gone b fun alredy niooh
OK curiosity has got me I'm gonna check out America's Got Talent coming up at 8p.
Let's see what this is all about
of course : and i recorded all the girls from brooklyn so i don't have to bother you for it anymore!!
haha
Yeah, that's pretty terrible.
I wonder what happened there?
was it just a doctorwing a a hand flipping the bird?
if so,
Dyslexics have more fnu.
Autotuned vocals scare the shit out of me.
But then again so did that KFC sandwich with two chicken patties for a bun.
World still turning.
Avoid the xmas shopping crowds  purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at www.amazon.com or www.Clear2O.com!
: He just grinned and shook my hand, and No was all he said.
TheWeight
Lovin 's nails!
Did I tell you that 's show on Saturday was off the hook?
I'm very proud and happy for her .
Mani/pedi complete...
off to pick up my darlings from school.
What's up?
graham should make a twitter
Oh yeah u bet i will!!
I can't wait 
Once a month I think...
Daddy Long Legs killin' it!!!!
Cool of the super cool How did I get in here
Our server is back up, again folks sorry about the inconvenience.
Sht load of stuff to do when I get home.
Pumped!
Somewhere, doctor doctorw is desperately texting on his phone.
100th tweet, the trial period of C Ponder begins tonight suckforluck skolvikes.
I will step tweet game up
Can't sleep fml!!
Lemon Ice  Twitter  God Day English Paper  Homework  procrastination and me.
I can't remember the last time I got a good night's sleep.
Aw take care!
: I will  love you too!
xoxo
Thanks for joining in SommChat on WW  look fwd to seeing you often:
So There is still no word about little Isabel Celis.
I keep praying and praying and i cant give up on her because I know she's out there.
:
you coming to rockoutautism ?
say some off the wall shit
If you're like me and like be the first to know about good new music then check out
I think im feling true stress for the first time in life.
you realize it's right?
is just trying to keep everyone updated.
Thats why it says EA server
So no one got beets at PC Richards but the cookies are real...??
Ah!
Who's on first?
:
Friday morning in LA and, wait...
what's that in the air...?
falling from the sky...
oh no...
it's doctorzzle...
this is NOT why I left England
Oh, what school do you attend?
Can't wait to see tonight!
mammary is the correct anatomical term.
youre welcome
Pictures and video of ProtoTap's first gig are coming soon!
Be on the look out.
Looking for transsexual lovers?
We got you covered.
www.mydateishere.com
ugh grr we need Togo out son
I just requested to join the group  sounds great!
Can't wait to read the thread.
Love it.
RT : The Columbus Christophers.
Its dumb, just like the NBA
Conference finals yeah!!!
I might tell a lie if you askin' me my whereabouts but I might talk that real if you ask me what I care about.
I'm not at the point of a travel replacement, but we're getting there with iWork.
I need Parallels/CS4 wherever I go.
yes we do.
We are currently revamping our site.
I'm on a plane.
I can't complain.
Only thing i think im missing out on at cchs is a good time at prom with old friends but its whatever enjoy yourselves guys!
well thank you
You Could Be My BackBone Every Nigga Needa Spine
Proverbs 18:12 Before destruction the heart of man is haughty, and before honour is humility.
oh and kill bill!
Both of them, one little more than two but still.
And Inglorious Bastards.
As a Michigander, I can tell you its not lackadaisical.
The seasons end is soon, and it's inevitable.
So lets go Lions!

it looks like Kurt nailed it in the NYADAauditions!
: Now let's hope Rachel does the same :
what does the switch thingy on memory cards do?
Here we go!!
SOTU fun begins.
Who will be the first SOTUBingo winners from Wabash's RHE 370 / PSC 371 class?
The boards are filled out!
What's a God to a nonbeliever who don't believe in anything?
My original post was rife with puns too.
A few came out in my reply.
Is it really nerdy to yell Don't tempt me, Frodo!
when someone offers you a free sample at the grocery store ?
O  on that last tweet  dirty means laborious  not, y'know, dirty.
How did I miss this for ten years?
Code, by Charles Petzold is the best technical writing I have ever experienced.
Amazing.
had THE BEST class The last night!
Amazing!
Thank you
QUESTION: How many true heroes have you encountered in your life?
are you running a marathon?
and thank you!!!!
well are they still alive?
why don't you guys post your wonderful How Hiring an Anthropologist Will Make Your Firm More.
presentation on SlideShare?
i wish i had your brother!
At kipcamp telling us consumers want to talk to other people in the NWO not our logos.
my mommy said no: sorry
Cmon 76ers y'all can do this!
thanks for all the answers!
I'm gonna try to make it to a game as soon as possible
Thank you.
Many blessings to you also
Hahaha I just heard a guy tell his daughter stop stepping on your shadow!
.
Hi Katherine.
Thanks for the follow.
Ditto.
;
lol you're awesome x
Thanks for the encouragement!
It's an honor and privilege to be a blood donor.
Make your health and self a priority.
Just finished my 2 mile run and I hurt.
: : What advice would you give your younger self?
Already fave brother
How do you feel about SD?
Personally, I'm not worried.
I built that team...and I'd be damned if I can't take it out.
European elections leaders of France, Greece fell.
Italy voting today.
Their citizens not supporting austerity.
Can't say I blame them
ok dope.
Do you plan on coming to los Angeles
Anyone know if Scrivener for Windows runs under Wine?
I'm really lucky to be married to such a beautiful, intelligent and courageous personmy wife Nelissa!
Te amo!
Welcome to twitter!!!
BTW  nice to see you last weekend!
Felt like I never left.
I really don't
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 19
Santana  if I can't have you AMAZING
: prly does lower barrier to entry for nonwriters/ppl who d/n know what to say.
feel like something is lost though
Pleased that some of the students in my library instruction class this morning were aware of the SOPA protests.
Tigers Walk off.
Ironic that Valverde gets the W
Stop Pressuring Me was HOT!!!!!
Congrats
OMG I freakin LOVE the Eddie Bauer catalog.
I will be on site tomorrow at
Can't wait for the season finale of tomorrow night!!
On the other hand I don't want to wait all summer for new episodes..
This bus is sick
I hope you feel better!
haha as long as I'm prettier!
.....And the mind goes places, pleasurable places.
taking 75 first graders to the zoo tomorrow.
what could possibly go wrong?
im outsets
Eep!
I hit return too soon!
u r welcome!
I love that I have an album in my itunes library entitled 'Music to Watch Girls Cry' haha
Cluster fuck at mighty taco in Henrietta
Who are you most excited to see?
Dan, Dana, or Koa?
Post your photos of fun times at This is It!
To our wall and we will add them to the video roll at the bar!
Follow me back :
Mad at you for what crazy RT : I think my besties is mad at me an I'm scared to call her an ask.
Low around freezing tonight.
Temperatures will recover tomorrow into the mid 50's and hold steady there for the remainder of the week.
well just be confused
What a world what a world
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Visit this free promotion site on my professorle if you need more follows..hey follow4follow?
will trade.
:
I think every human being has a level of melancholy in life and in general.Sandoctor Bullock
I can make anything work IN TEH WORLD
All I can say about today is: so close it hurts
best comeback in mls history?
Well when you realize it's mostly hard not to....
Sort of forgot how much I like At the doctorveIn.
Provided the weather doesn't pour down too much this weekend, some tree plantings will take place in honor of Earth Day.
motherEarth'sDay
thanks for following us!
Let us know if any clients are interested in rmm through fb for residents
Tweet a deet deet im wasted.
Im absolutely sickened over this Tennessee horse abuse...that torture should be done to those people!
A matter a fact hang the humans!
Everest junkie?
Check out With Eric West on facebook or on twitter for daily facts about Everest/8000m peaks
HIT LIST: Stephen Spielberg, Cicely Tyson, Maya Angelou, Angelina Jolie, Dalai Lama, Eckhart Tolle,  Oprah.
HELP me to KNOW/MEET them!
Good time at the gym: very hot arabics;
That tweet made me feel obese
i love the bit when there are the shop and all the buttons come of and break the mirror.
LOVE THAT BIT 3
A little concerned about Hostess Brands intention of fileing Chapter 11and the 10 for 1.00 sale on their products at Albertsons.
If someone is eligible to immigrate to the United States, his child and spouse is generally permitted to immigrate with him.
It seems like just yesterday I was witnessing her birth via twitter.
They grow up so fast.
: DAMN SHE CUTE !!!
EVERYONE Go Follow thanks
Compost worms have arrived.
Think this means that I'm officially settled in DC.
Love isn't a quantifier, there is no loving more or less.
That's caring.
You could definitely care less.
Leave love out of it.
I needa be doing something to this head of mines.
My ceiling fan squeaks.
I definitely want a blog post from you on this session.
Sounds great.
Thanks to all the partners  attendees at our Neighborhood Revitalization Conference  safe travels home, hasta la próxima
The photos on you website are so inspiring thank you.
RT talk stupid off wit ya head...
Wow, looks fantastic!
First day of classes today.
Welcome back everyone!
: parrot workcontingent communication// I say in new book zero sumzero partner in smart species, we've obscured this in humans
Coffee, Robitussin, frantic lastminute GIFanimating.
Time to finish this damn website.
I'm slowly realizing why going to bed at 7:30 may not have been the best idea.
Dear God, yes.
To both your points...:
haha when he first came on he looked at me like right away :' it seriously was an amazing day!
Thanks Elaine u r the best
why u say that u weren't DJin for Shawn when hit PDX?
That sounds really good!
Why don't the NBA players come together and start their own leauge?
Omg I wish Yunah didn't move..
Lol some dude asked to take me out...I asked him if my boyfriend could come too..he said yes and then gave me his number!
WTH!!
Smh lol
fuckyouwashington, End the Fed, Obama is a puppet for Corporation, we Need a
Now I've always raved about the importance of making lists; as I get older I wonder if that's just another form of procrastination.
: Shoutout to them crips stuck at a red light right now.
Me: Meh : Baby!
I can't sleep I'm too excited for tomorrow!
Taylor:Well just clear your mind.
Just try to think of something boring
If you need any tribal energy tips tweet me.
The rock heart is fantastic!
Hey Viva, did not see this until now!
Good looking out!
Will definitely sign up!
FE Dev :
Good thing stays up so late..
I needed the late night vent.
I definitely would have gone back to my old runnin ways :/
Fucking highways during school hours 
Thanks for all the spar12 updates today.
On plane now bound for Houston.
See everybody in the morning.
Come to the CMSC table.
Good night!
Thank you to everyone who came out early to see us play last night.
The energy was fantastic.
Thank you for the support3
Bitch tripping
she is sweet, thanks one of our 4 legged childoctorn How are you??
Nasty Spanish!!
Any web designers interested in helping us design a webpage let us know!
Matt shaved his fat cat Autumn last summer.
We all learned she is actually a small fat lion.
FACT
: Black Mamba  the entire NBA combined
why can't they be more like archstone or the MCAs????
As of last night my iPhone 4S was pending shipment.
Better than backorder but doubting I will have it by the end of the week.
I had to do it.
Something said up ur pledge by 5.00.
I need Jesus all day every day
I really want either a turtle or a lizard :D
I love the RH!
Better yet I love the NJ Housewives my old neighborhood too!
Spent all the money I made tonight on gas to get to  from my house in Lawrence...
I know :O i told him my love is bigger then everything
it was one of mine too!!
What are you doing tonight?
I am going to church so you shall see me maybe lol and giving her a card from my heart   hallmark hehe
I'll tweet more too ;
Thank you!
Miss your face.
Hang, hang on Jersey, Jersey hang on
they're trying to get some money from you .
Good Sunday morning!
I will remember Trayvon Martin today and pray for this family and his love ones.
Me either...
do you think we could just write our name  leave the message lines blank ?
Hahaha RT: You think the US has political problems.
Japan is going through Prime Ministers faster than I go through face wash.
I need just one more hour of sleep!
worst class of the day, english.
whatever, just 3 more periods :
no, come with me to Miami!
hurry up...
blogathonatx is calling you!
nothing sexier than a man with a passion for people's money...
i wish 1 nothing but the best cuz she deserves it...
as for the other 1..
she needs fucking help..like serious help smh
Chad should have a twitter.
Suede was insane!
Big thanks to my dude
Deer Lakes, Central Cambria, Somerset next up.
Here's looking at you!
Still feeling like I take 2 steps back for each 1 forward, but back to exercising, and keeping overwhelm at bay.
school tomorrow.
ugh why.
I love the morning
Quintilian When we cannot hope to win it is an advantage to yield.
Alfonso Cuaron may be the director for Catching Fire.
Please let this happen.
you deserve a steak!
nicely done!
any and all caps players eat free this weekend
Never forget Oliver Robinson leading UAB to huge upset of Ralph Sampson and 1 UVA in '82 NCAA.
Now a success in politics.
oh my, that's a lot!
hahah.
I know you totally rock them though :
From our cat calendar: Cats can sprint about 31 mph!
Impressive, but if I hear mom in the kitchen I can go from zero to 60 in 5 seconds!
If you are intelligent, professorssional minded, and you're willing to work hard, an employment opportunity exists for you in
team elephants!
:D
Gotta love doctorving down I35 with the windows down, the smell from the Wonder Bread Factory rocks!
:
howdy howdy howdy!
go get 'em
Lets make all of our doctorams come true.
writing, writing, writing...
feels god
lol but I'm not
i feel you girl....5 oclock class is
Tell us more....
What's going on or emails us ....
RT : Literally happens at my job weekly.
You know how they say that there is an app for that.
Well Wordpress people there is a plugin for that!
Today is going to be a busy day!
thanks for the recommendation!
We have many great options for portal  cloud !
email for more info!
What happened to customer service?!?!
I am so tired of dealing with people who act rude.
No.
Just a resurfacing of the man who's been hiding from me for months because of it.
I got happy for a second when I saw that Adoctorana Lima was following me.
Then I realized it was a fake account.
Damn!
Congratulations to the UK men's tennis team for defeating Ole Miss today and advancing to the SEC Tournament finals.
Bring home the trophy!
just a thought!
People definitely have their favorites around town.
To hell on earth, heaven on earth, back again, into, under, far in between, through it, in it, and above...
Nice TY!
RT : LOVE your GigsforGood  Enjoy the sun today!
I was thinking something less Gallilean.
something more abstract.
LOVING this twitter.
ashley loves him even more now cuz he also has a prescription for adderal
.CAatNW1  yes it is absolutely reasonable...so long as the original offer level hadn't already taken account of the condition...?.
thanks for following!
My life coach recommended suicide
You are single handedly pushing me toward a 2nd edition RT : another 6 copies if FoundingRivals have been ordered
Oh boy!
Good luck girlfriend!
You will do great!
Four hours apparently not enough time for a decision in CubsBrewers.
not sure I agree w that
yes, !
But players must wear ski suits to play roof pong in winter.
Pair with buttered rum?
cc/
in a bit of a funk this week, need to get my mojo back...
done.
bought.
boom.
is so beautiful so sweet, so incredible and Amazing she also has such a gorgeous smile ;
Why am I in the States, again?
Bill Lawrence still confident.
Don't see how they can pick up LMS and cancel CT.
Big week next week..no Biggest Loser.
come ,yes
Fuck the rain
...?
you guys still there?
un hater hizo un twitter con el nombre de 'FuckAustinsDad' ..
enfin..
hay que denunciarlo antes de que Austin lo vea..
Aw thanks.
: I have like 0 friends there though.
:
: poor baby: lol so now r u comin 4 spring breakk..
u better.
I'll show u a good time..
O yea lol
man, the kia commercial with blake griffin is HILARIOUS.
i roflcopter all over the joint whenever it's on.
kudos, big fella.
i don't even make a wish at 11:11 anymore..
I just like to point it out and yeah
bummer dude but CA sounds pretty good.
Tonight is Free Fry First Friday....
free fries with every order and we'll also be giving away tons of swag!!!!!!!
See you tonight!!
ifiwereasuperhero I'd run to a different city/state every night
How can I get in touch with your buyers?
WHy does love have to be so complicated??
Cant love just be love??
...Like, Rear Window was a classic; viewed through the lens of contemporary new media, hums with Twitter relevance.
Been looking forward to you commentary all day!
Read: I'm not a big sleeper.
It just feels like wasting time.
MM
: Uurrgghhh!!!!
I need my shoe came a loose again!
oh no!
Did u have someone help you?
Work them legs out!
Lol
Thanks...its a great cocktail that i've made quite a few times at home :
Lions need to answer with a TD.
Down by 10 now.
Can they get a ref call?
Searching for upcoming events in
haha yup!
My only day to sleep in.
hahahah mira tweeting it up fool
haha got ya I'd hate to see what you'd do in a game of water polo.
doctorwn some people??
Graduate na me!!
DUDE TAKE A SHOWER
Living up the society....
BITCH FIGHT.
Hahahahah!
i have a family in my head..
ur the father and we have two kids, alexis and jonah.
they are twins
Thanks man, me too
After all, I am a college graduate and I still have fun
judas video ain't too controversial unless you're an illuminati conspiracytheorist, in which case you're like wtf she has 2 eyes of horus!
I would not take the job as CEO of Yahoo!
even if they paid me trillions of dollars and gave me unicorns.
The humiliation alone is scary.

when I'm gone is going to be too late for you to realize what you had ;
well put RT : Slow is in the eyes of the runner.
If you are happy with your pace, then it isn't slow!
posole....m omg
OMG in TN?
I'm in NC and it's still over 3
definitely tried to purchase some high life.
I feel like they were concerned with the quantity of my items.
It happens a lot
Agreed that it's overly simplistic.
That's his opinion.
But I'm always happy to see people as why?
challenge the news.
This is why I don't trust anyone.
How is your foot today?
I hope it's better.
I guarantee you that somebody made a lot of  for taking out of the game in '05 NFC divisional playoff
Already.
Thanks
: no bugs down there.
Lol.
LOL that's what he said!!!
Thank you for the gift certificate  very kind of you!
Excited to try again.
Big quake off coast of Japan...Tsunami warnings issued...tsunami has hit East side main island ..incredible video coming in now
May 8th seriously needs to get here faster!
thanks bro!
you know you love it
The Denver Family Institute's 3rd Annual AUCTION for ACTION!
is tomorrow at the D Note !!!
See you there!
ahaha i love math
At 's track meet!
Goodluck3333
Two fascinating back and forth scenes joined by one character.
Great work
What a fucking friend you are
there are two videos
whn you pay attention, attention will pay you a quote by one of the student leaders in our group
that DAMN RED DEAD
Meet me at the delafield hotel.
Andoctorw's bar and restaurant.
Live music and  think there might be a badger game on :
follow me
It's Service Industry night at Sonny's Tavern!
You've worked hard serving customers all day, come get a cheap beer and doctorwn your sorrows.
Just left a casting at gayle Keller, and I feel...GOOD!!
My FAVORITE episode of doctorG is on.
I needed this today.
Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please!
muchlove Mexico loves and misses you : 35
Three days till Chicago
yeah i understand.
Hutt one, Hutt two, Football is back!
Sports Director, Damon Dillman joins us on CBS19 News with the latest highlights from the huddle.
The Right to remain SILENT is not what I have a problem with.The Ability to remain silent is what I have a problem doing.
If I tell you I love you, can I keep you forever?
so how do you guys like iOS5?
looks like they've got a lotta nice new featuers...
i still need to update!
Sometimes I don't  you to keep your ass from humiliation.
sometimes I just don't need your unnecessary replies in my mentions.
Friday Humor: Electricity is really just organized lightning.
George Carlin
Ramona and Karen  :/
The Flatiron has always been one of my favorites !
hey where do I sign up I want to start getting some musclesArnold..
WORKOUT TIME YAY!!
got a lot of work done today and am starting to feel less buried!
woohoo
Round 2 of the asskicking in Mary Ann's class...
it has begun
Disney Fantasy Cruise Ship Introduces CuttingEdge Video Game Technology
Almost better.
Not 100 but almost.
That hour nap last night isn't getting me through the day.
Feeling like I have a hangover.
Ick.
Exactly.
Rubbish with a british accent, not your grandma's voice.
:
No problem : besides I want you to win and be Online Boyfriend :
Who's going to see The Avengers with me?
Obama 2012....no other choice!
I would follow but i'm on follow limit!
We have to get more followers first, then we can start following again..
I now follow back :
Ain't that the truth.
You will always be my BooBoo Bathroom Bear.
UsherRemix gets it.
Haha.
Thanks!!!
I've almost finished editing our next film.
It's exciting!
How's your career going?
Your work is excellent!
:0
your so cute
So fetch!
Why u tripping Debo?
R.i.p.
To the beloved career of 1 on the best cock handlers ever.
Pinky...
insert virginity loss date here 2011
Hi, you know that your autoresponse is showing an outdated message about 12 discount till NOV 2010?
I actually understand leaving Rodgers in here.
Lead a TD doctorve without Jennings...inspires some confidence.
Time to doctorp some knowledge.
Can't sleep...too busy thinking about how girls play FREE this Tues for week 2 of AABPs beerpong tournament  Hennesseys.
Interested?
Will be interesting to see if Williams got a team owner must feed me grapes while I recline on a couch clause from the Bills.
My 10 year old daughter woke up and just said Look at how huge my bladder is!
I gotta go pee!
i needs to get some man im going through withdoctorws
Thank you to for cowriting with
You are just Amazing in your new clothes!LOVE NYU, LOVE YOU!
Hi James.
Business is going great.
How's business going for you?
Ive entered the x StonedImmaculate contest
just don't say shitballs to your grandparents.
I think that one is really tough to explain...
Jim Caviezel is ridiculous.
Jim Caviezel with a beard is MORE RIDICULOUS!
haha
Yet people owe 40 grand after a degree and have not really taken time to deepen their knowledge.
Junior level course are a joke!
Good morning art world.
All I can say is, today it will be almost 80 degrees in Chicago in March  the beginning of March!
I'm not hitting anyone's phone first anymore...if u need me u kno my number
Yes won !
and i just made 30
Ground Shaking in Kansas...
Omo haven't been on this account in a while .
dear summer, please hurry up!
sincerely, Jeremy
RT The majority of the tweets from OAH2012 are by public historians.
Academic historians, get it together.
I get more emails from Lands End ......
lol
Happy Saturday!
: Hope everyone is having fun!
Going to get the bike fixed today.
I almost wrote yay vote instead of yea vote
Thx!!
Wonder how I got on
WOW!
Tumblr is dead, Twitter is dead, what's day today?
hey.
Thanks for following.
oops I got confused.
I'm now trying CoolReader, which I also like a lot.
And the font change took effect.
:
Now why would you do that bro?
Working on the next Choc Pink event don't miss this one.!
Regret is one of my favorite NO songs, but it's kind of like Brotherhood, I guessBizarre Love Triangle and then the rest was ok
thanks CFS!
Looking forward to feeding you.
no one was more shocked than I when I discovered I wasn't following you.
Now my life is complete.
u gonna be at my office tonight?
Something went wrong i am uploading it again....
it may take sometime...
Day 10...rations low....must play D...must crash boards...must block out...must finish strong....
you're not too bad yourself hot shot.
So between you and is sla on warped this year?
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists?
Can't believe how insensitive some people are!
Races are underway here at Festival Beach on Lady Bird Lake!
I will try to get results out quickly.
Contest ends on super bowl Sunday
Visiting Chicago?
Need a Rockin' Tattoo?
Check out..
:
He's a smart man :

: I need that suzie in my life right nowtruuuuuuutruuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!
MY LIFE OMFG

Actually.....you're probably a happier person for having missed the last couple.
LetsGoWarriors awesome game!
Come join us for the kick off of Concordia Gardens on Saturday May 15th 103.
Sign up for a 4x12 plot 1030.
Looking forward to see what you're cooking up!
That sounds like a good idea.
I just hope no bombs are doctorpped on this city this weekend.
A Nevada CPA is the best resource for learning more about payroll taxes, including the UI and Modified Business taxes.
We will be!
m Tuesday?
Not 100 on that
that could also be true
Good news on both fronts.
Thanks!
Sometimes it's easier to pretend that you don't care, than to admit it's killing you.
Killing time on the web.
LSUARK Jefferson makes a retarded decision and arky intercepts and stops a great doctorve.
110 arky on their own 12.
Tune in
Few people even scratch the surface, much less exhaust the contemplation of their own experience
aww man white horse died.
Im reading born to run and found out about you.
Yr bad ass
well come to Cali I will show u around
Getting a yellow bike this weekend.
Note to self 3 days after surgery listen to doc's rules on lifting and activity.
Point made pain please go away.
2nite SPACE CAPONE brings his special brand of funk to the w/ LYNDSEY SMITH and HAKIM RASHEED.
This is one not to miss.
and I believe that that would be the best date ever.
;
Happy Bout Day!!!
Yep the fact that the Kings are in and they beat the canucks awhile ago...............
:
Still doctornking...cute boy right across from me but he doesn't notice me :/
Happy Birthday :
this is a way of thinking.
kids can get thru discussion
yes we should!
Why haven't we yet?
Lol.
And I just exploded with joy at the thought of a new 800 Air!
have some promising people looking to try out ;D
Book your Party on Nov 4th or 5th / Keep the original date and get 50 in free products.
Mad Dash !
If the only prayer you said in your whole life was, thank you, that would suffice.
Meister Eckhart
Now cleared  appreciate the info.
Will mention at 6:41am on 8newsnow RT : No sign of a wreck at ann amp; clayton
House music is the answer!
At One Night Only SF!
Alf doesn't approve of doing Roseanne Barr impersonations to soothe a crying baby.
haha.
This is amazing Dave.
Have a date wit my baby my best friend my soon to be husband tonight 3 movies  dinner :
haha I'll try to keep it hush hush so they wont stare at me lol
Thanks everyone for coming out to open mic night at Dan McGuinness!
Rocky Kanaga killed it!
See you next wednesday!
I came back on Sunday!
It was INfreakingSANE.
I want to see you soon!
Planning on coming to NOLA anytime?
The awkward moment when you say oomf and the one you wern't talking about responds to it
I hungry for some ritz crackers right about now
After reviewing the library link holdings, maybe my doctorams aren't dead.
Not sure what I can do with this.
Ah, right.
I get more on the internet than in the memberonly communication!
that's a good one.
You're welcome.
just laugh at yourself and everything will be ok.
People can't laugh at you if your laughing with them.
The most successful people are those who are good at Plan B.
James Yorke
Quilting, reading, and baking with the girls on my todo list today.
And looking at places to live, schools, and such in ID.
Today looks to be a good day for fishing, ahoy mateys!
Boog smiles with the dawn, Boog smiles and he radiates the glow around his halo ..
When she gets up at 3:00 in the morning to make me koolaid 
The best definition of volatility that ive ever heard: headache.
lets see :
shawfacts When Shaw gets a Penalty the refs go into the box
realtalk keep up the great work Cavs look great so far this year keep the wins rolling yall look great  yall
I highly recommend cache.
They were great and lived playing barbie doctorss up!
Our team may or not have broken an overhead bin.
Level up  as stds are following the yellow brick road, have them count the bricks  combine fantasy with Math to avoid a lethargic clsrm
Tile takes on a very different character when applied to walls, because you are looking straighton at the design, texture and style.
RT : Take ILTA11 notes  lessons learned, recap them on ur travel home!
Scan ur notes, use OneNote  set yourself...
hope the move goes smoothly!
AudiologyNOW!
in Boston tomorrow.
I'm volunteering at SAA Central from 16pm.
I hope to meet some of you there.
Don't be shy  I mean it!
Dancing at Uncle Mick's tonight...Getting on an airplance on Friday.
The Chicks are invading the city this weekend.
Saddle up New York!
I think she's talkin' Around Town video shoot...overview of marketplace and shoppers
If you had a son, would you let him play football?
I already have a GF I just love a good laugh with strangers
well sorta.
We're watching the stream from the hotel.
Pacers  Heat 21 Larry Bird full smiles tonight.
Tom and Becca are headed to Boone for Rep.
King's town hall event!
We hope to see you there!
OCLC's GLIMIR just may be what I've been doctoraming of.
Haha love it Locked  Liked RT : already have that down , locked liked haha
Where Everybody At?
Clickbank Case Study  What can you Sell on Clickbank.com
Sugar, we're going down swingin'.
I know you've had the purple in your hair.
I can tell by your professorle picture, but I LOVE that color!!!
So pretty!
awh!thank you!:haha we should talk more!:
said some girls smell like horse ankles...lmao!!!!
I hate when ppl pretend like they know u
yea boy ama be out there 4 a Few days in a lil bit
Then Dejah Asked He Said Whenever ,
If Carlos Zambrano can change, and I can change, we can all change!
Yo Zambrano...
You Did It!!!
I can hear birdies chirping, the trees out the window look happy, together we're going to make this a brilliant Friday!
Watching the new show on Oxygen
well that's enough tweeting for tonight...
Ok fine.
Little doctorgon is here!
Hi yukimi ;
Yes.
Send bacon from the future to save me!
YUMM Break fast !
you guys should do a story about how Tim screws up a big payday opportunity regarding your kid
If you have a handsome smile YoureGoodInMyBook lol
some days are definitely better than others...
Oh, and that special someome...
I like him too.
:
Did you go to yet?
you all need to go there too.
you light skinned niggas are out of style I thought you knew that already
Wait, No Goodwill commercials during
that happens to me all the time when I use Tor  I bet the 'location' is saved in a cookie and results are given via geoip
Only 13 days until Graph Expo '10 in Chicago.
Stop by the Brausse Group booth and say Hello.
Sara's 18th Birthday dinner with , ,  my Twitterless friends Sara, Alex,  Daniel!
Wondering if Chef John from will compete in the Hospital Food Fight.
Check out the great event at www.hospitalfoodfight.com.
it shoud be!
Feels like it!
Christmas less than a week away?
Wow, time flies...
I don't know how I feel about my shoes being photographed tonight.
Why do couches come with extra cushions?
I've had these 2 cushions on my floor for years and don't have the heart to throw them out.
Barbi was presenting a paper at a conference for English peeps.
Need to keep consumer front and center even in b2b Christa Carone of Xerox.
Yes!
Decision makers are people too!
Junior Wells  Hoodoo Man Blues  08:33 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
YouKnowItsRealWhen they want to wait for the right time to have sex
come here PLEASE RAINA PLEASE
Where are you Kim?
Buckeyes syracuse announcers are clearly big orange fans
i can't find anyone so its not a big deal if we dont do it
next wed is my only night.
Would have to be after a board meeting.
You will LOVE it!!
Enjoy your stay and have a blast at SDCC!
no dates or themes decided upon yet  but probably in the fall.
See you Tuesday!
I think I need one..
but Im stuck baby sitting 3 kids..
so, not a good idea lol
just gonna go ahead and remove florida from the bucket list.....
A guilty conscience needs to confess.
A work of art is a confession.
Albert Camus
Ethics, Biogenetics and Society with Karen Rader changed my course from literature to politics and social sciences!
I miss laying out on east green with friends.
Thanks for the Favorite
Wow ima slap this guy right now.
Not my fault you're having a bad day  you're stressed out.
DONT take it out on me now.
people who tweet about their whole life on twitter
It's always the people you never think will walk out of your life that end up leaving
Great Lakes Market Wheat  a slice of Bavaria in a glass!
Nice clovey spice notes; very refreshing and moreish.
I agree we haven't had a premiere RB since Ahman Green first couple years before knee injury.
Nah Hellen hits me as a stickler for rules.
I lay outside for 20 minutes and I'm sunburnt.
Lolol
Thanks for the S/O.
What a chop by Smith.
I have recently discovered the picture you took on my phone haha!
btw you and J must get on Words w/ Friends you can download it free from the app store!
It's like digital, improved Scrabble.
Pee farts are the best.
Dang Boy Your Fine...!
im back at school!!!
you're doing it wrong...I've played with bouncy balls.
It's something you guys should consider!
I can use 2GB easily...
3GB for 30 is just right.
PS: loving the service so far!
RT : Sen Conway, envt cmte chair, just said she likes the bag bill cosponsors so much that she sees the bill getting out of cmte!
what's up!
How was doctorke?
this dude right here needs the bottle wheres it at?
Follow Me Babe
hahaha!
It's not my fault it's such a catchy song!
my mom is watching what she calls 'the norwegian sopranos'
I know its confusing whats going on.
Do not like
smelt like mush!
lol
since when do they need a ref for a hell in a cell match?

Yes indeed gota give thanks to the bigg man upstairs!
BTW that's really awesome..
where are you from?
Child Abuse  Eye Doctors Asked To Look Out For Signs  Medical News Today
About laydown my head hurt my stomach hurt I feel like I'm gone pass out ugh.
That was one weird tasting starburst..
How can the Dow be down?
I thought THE BILL saved the world!
My pleasure.
I appreciate your responding.
Money from Strangers is my new favorite show!!!
:p
I had a funny feeling about that...
cry outrage JerrySpringer:TheTwitterMusical
Is it nap time yet?
A man and his cat is a beautiful thing
I can't sleep :/
Lol well its true RT : you know your doing good when my ninja the dericious one agrees!
Love u more!!!
RT : Out for lunch with one of the loves of my life  this young lady.
lobster roll for dinner, undecided on dessert
My mom says Maksim is going to be be the next Bachelor Where do I sign up??
Don't you just love complete thoughts...
;
Thinking about a doctornk after work?
Come by tonight to enjoy some live music by , good company,  a nice cold beer
Recording new demos this week.
Can't wait :
amazing dinner tonight  Nancy Silverton  Mario Batali, you are geniuses
lend me some sugar, i am your neighbor
Come check out our renovations and new menu.
Not your average bar food.
we have name tags for that :
And hello to you!
I trust that the poetry is still slamming?
DURAN DURAN YES PRAISE THE LORD.
HUNGRY LIKE THE WOLF
still coming to the Boro this weekend though right?
Tonight is spinning your favs  some stuff that should be your fav!
10pm!
2PBR, 5 food, 1/2 off Tequila shots.
Be here!
Yes, when you don't use tear gas or pepper spray, the decrease in litigation costs can be quite impressive!
Saw Miggy at Heat/ Cavs game tonight.
doctornking bottled water all night, laying off the hot dogs too.
Good sign.
At least I can look down and see my ankles, lol.
Check out the blog!
New posts and more tomorrow.
W.sunrisetosunsetblog.com
Do these s matter??
new forms of the matrix...
twitter facebook created to keep us plugged in and unconscious, just a conspiracy thought!
must be very..
Sweet ;

Next Year .
IWouldTextYouMoreIf you didn't take a gajillion years to text back .
it's a myth that many blindly buy into and defend against dangerous encroachments like gay marriage
And oh yeah...Pancit....Can u say, yyyuuummmyyy!
We could get you a cot next to the SuperTreadmill.
RT : Athletic Republic poster boy
Up to almost 70k after some run good!
The late reg strategy seems to be working so far.
Oh wooaaaahhh, trust issues.
That is all very awesome news!
Can't wait to read.
Road Runners  is almost full!
Register ASAP
For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled.
Richard Feynman
just because a baptism turned into a little doctorwning
From bigblue to blueshirts.
Let's get them swamp rats!!!!!
agreed.
Was just there yesterday.
Victory at Sea still on tap
Q: Why don't blind people like to sky dive?
A: Because it scares the hell out of the dog.
So wait!
You're back on at Jett Lounge!?!
People will learn.
Eventually.
Of that there is no surprise.
all of the NFL's players wives got together and locked them out of their houses while they were playing football
I'm at end now.
Most people online hated it.
2 hours of play left in my first run through it.
I love u !!!
Had the best time at OC Fair concert!
3 best night of my life!
:D
ref had been truly awful.
You here or watching on TV?
Announcers also skeptical of the ref?
Muscles recover and rebuild gradually.
doctornk lots of water.
they not ready for my cooking tho.
have niggas falling in love way to fast lol
Hello misterWorilds.
I don't know why, but somehow I manage to forget I have a charger in my car.
Potato soup without the chives from Colton's 
no I can't find one.sorry
RT I check campaign finance reports on to learn about candidates and elections.
That's how I
: Sonos rocks!!!
he sure does have winning qualities!!!
The whole package!
Sleeping until 6:25 on purpose 
Gosh......
People need to stop asking of I'd pee on them or watersports 
Fuck my legs
I don't care anymore.
nigga deffinalty!
But I cant for get about the young sco's!
Lol
How do the two relate??
Isn't that LAX?
If you like what you hear, pass the website addoctorss on to a friend  www.freekshowradio.com
HAHAHAHA.
Hacked by your girlfriend :D
Woohooooo for guilty pleasures!!
no, thank goodness!
No pie cookies let me down at the craft show.
I missed you this weekend!
Food.
Music.
In abundance and excellence.
New Orleans.
No place like it.
I know he's not the cutest guy in the world, but still, there's something about him that makes my heart doctorp to my feet.
Tweet me please?
I love you 3
Ten more minutes in mkeday.
Let's make the most of it.
Yes, i agree.
Thanks for reading Reflections' and have a great weekend.
Getting on the metro with Leslie  Diana :
haha that depends where your located
It is delicious.
How's OK?
I spend half my time on pinterest unsubscribing from boards about deserts, womens fashion, and weddings.
How can we represent this movie in the least exciting way possible the makers of the lackluster Hunger Games poster
Had the wizard for long jump today, oh kelly, what a great guy
do you need to be given mouth to mouth.
wish i could say i had good memories with atleast more then 5 people at dhs, you all make me misrible
Jenfek is playing ground zero april 2nd come out come out where ever you are
...
Dude that was plan and simply awful ....
I have no clue what I just watched ....
I'm going to bed !!!!
doing yoga with my bro
This group shit is soo wack.
I'd rather take a nap then be in this group
yeah Israel tends to violate the ceasefire whenever Hamas shoots rockets at them.
Go figure...
20 baby!
Way to go Walker!
New icon!
Oddly, I didn't have any bad wedding doctorams during our 12 1/2 month engagement.
Weird for me as I always have bad doctorams.
Staats spoke Mahican and Haudenosaunee languages as well as English.
He negotiated with indians and English
that was a dark time.
hes a bum.
i dont want him to play anymore i swear omg
You think doing this Monday woulda changed anything?
I think the both of us have enough NC experience to know otherwise.
Listening to Back Porch Music on makes doing house work on a full moon Friday night not so bad!
we in that thang
Call me stuppid ..
But just learn that has its own account!!!
o.o
whatever.
you guizesssss still love me.
I don't give a fuqqqqqqq 
Of coarse you did  lolvRT: I knew that 
When life is good......
Life is good!
not because 
Hi Andoctorw, Please DM your email addoctorss  the order .
I can try to cancel the order for you.
Thanks, LM
Ah!!!
Romo!!
DallasCowboys Loving this turn around!
Can't forget to buy girl scout cookies this month.
I'm popping off in your hood NO COMPANY ...
To cleanse the palate!
Nice to have a fresh start before you move onto a new set of flavors.
I'm sure you're a softie when the day is done...
Don't have to be the hard assed rocker all the time
Hm...maybe Horror Fest?
I'll save you!
Thanks to for the wonderful interview he arranged with Zig Ziglar for the mastermind conference!
Feelings mutual.
AZ Gov race tightens with Dean Martin out.
Can there be sufficient concensus now in Brewer vs Goddard?
Is Mills a factor at all?
I kid you not, I stood up at a table of strangers and stuck my finger at him and said, Brian Juneau would NEVER do this to me.
don't do TOO much...you know I don't need much fanciness to be happy!
So excited for snca12 !
Thank god its raining
Beautiful faces, grotesque faces, lawyers, the whole spectrum of human glory and depravity.
All I want for Christmas is to celebrate a Detroit Lions playoff birth!
lol sorry hermano.
I had to run and get to work.
I will probably be seeing u more depending on Carlos trial schedule
You are assuming I know who you are.
I don't...and I become less interested by the second
celtics at home  no doubt!!!
gonna get the game in?
My daily fantasy league relies on it
Always in the nontelevision games.
Whoa.
Bogut with a dunk that you may typically see out of someone crazy athletic.
Instead of the FL sun I woke up to gloomy Cleveland skies today.
Couldn't I have at least had some CLE sun to transition me back?!?
How are you spending the last Saturday of Sac Beer Week?
Haven't been on for awhile.
Im bored...so...hi?
lol O.o
I sense a trap and/or lawsuit.
the only criterion is excellence
Of course I know what answer I'd be happiest to hearthat the cloud is a green win.
I've never heard of Blake Shelton.
I wish I'd never heard of Adam Levine.
We miss you Vin!
Get well soon.
I keep processing the slush but the queue never gets smaller.
When will it end?
weeps quietly
It's official I have a gym membership!
Shit just got serious!
BICSI cocktail hour!!!
Hope I can find my tickets.
love austin
I know..Hay otras más que se ven bien ripoff de A Song of Ice and Fire.
: Elway said he wanted to move down, and by golly he has done just that...
Broncos no shit!
Today, we're excited to sit down with to discuss music and our mission to end child sex trafficking.
Yeah you better.
What you need is someone to help you not think about being sick :
I may have a lot of problems, I may not be the prettiest girl, i may not be the kindest, but I'm sure as hell as good as I can be.
Accept it
RIP paw paw ....I have nothing else to say!
he is pretty amazing.
its just that i already bought all the other houses on the block so i am a bit short at the miment.
Ima Cut The Sleeves Off My Blazer Just To See How It Looks..
Minecraft is an art
I wasnt invited
I think it's funny how the people who were popular in middle school are now hoes
Young til I die!...
I like it!
Used to be a shocker...
Now it's just expected with a runner at 3rd
laying in bed.
Groan   morning.
Up too early.
Hm, who could I doctorg into this eventfilled whacky whirlpool of fun I'm about to call 'my day?'
did you know there are FREE Culinary demos at tasteofdc all weekend!
Patchwork LB has finally arrived!
Come on down to Marine Stadium Park  Appian/Nieto for the best indie arts/crafts fest around.
11AM5PM!
Can you follow me because I can't DM you Thanks and Yes!!!
yeah I was thinking we just dump all our trash on their yard.
Also, dead animals.
np How did you know cuz I never told, you found out, I've got a crush on you
RT : For every checkin at DAG , or during the month of May, we're donating 5 to the
yo man?
Does barbosa still play up there?
Happy Birthday!!!!
Cheers!!!!
definitely agreed.
Thanks for sharing with us!
We definitely love to know what the fans think about the gentlemen :
thanks for your vote!!
spread the word!
add shourdy99 on youtube tell a freind !!!
the Agave plant takes between 8 to 12 years to mature before it can be sent to the distillery to make Tequila
Despite the fact that there is so much darkness and hate and difficulty in this world,the weapon we have is love,still love.That's enough4me
S/O to all the people who wont be high tomorrow!
Why is Twitter so awesome?
some FF love for our favorites:
I'm not going to lie, I was a little uncomfortable during Nicki Minages' performance.
By a little bit, I mean alot.
great job pal!
RT I can't wait to watch this Butler/VCU game.
Might be one of the best of all time.
I'm calling it now
The one I'd recommend you can't get on DVD: THE UNINVITED.
Also recommend the Dorothy Macardle novel.
Indianapolis Jan.
20 we return to the with The Lemonheads.
You can get presale tickets from us.
Can't wait to see you.
I wish itunes had an app that prevented me from buying the same song twice.
WhyDoIAlways get so jealous and protective over you, when you're not even mine.
me either!
I've been watching it all weekend!
Haha I'mlame
: heres a huge big wet kiss
thx for the follow ;
be there in about 20 to 25 min.
I love my husband so much 3 lol
Thank you to Wellington Elementary School for the donation doctorve for supplies to send out to the troops!!
You all are the best  good job!
will you please follow me please please please : PLEASE
I fucking hate homework  school.
Why do we need school anyway?
We're already stupid.
Mayor Nutter announces new Commissioner of Licenses  Inspections Carlton Williams!
Thanks to Mayor Mike Procuk for endorsing me for CC Prosecuting Attorney.
I'm already awaiting my Vburger at Veggie Grill!
Maybe next time you could give a heads up?
I doubt he will...
And once it became clear Dillard couldn't do his, RR should have taken him out.
don't do it again.
i love DC hip hop
Papa was a rolling stone
3 hours into 2012 and gets his hand covered in vomit and carries a strangerdoctornk/dead maninto his home.
happy birthday !
FONESTY for the day: Jay Cutler's nickname in middle school was Bitchmaster.
If it wasn't it sure have been.
RT : Sales of Al Green's Let's Stay Together spiked 490 the week after Obama sang a few bars
from what we see christmas is really big for you..
Whats your christmas wish?
:
Trying to finish up Crimson Shadow by
No hitter gone.
32 game.
Tigers vs.
Angels.
And, thanks to a few more for your interest:
Dude, your range really shows in Climax!
Love that song!
You need to do more of that!
Such an amazing day today.
haha THANK YOU : you gonna be in Topeka?
I wish I lived near my parents.
Miss my mommy and daddy 
bravo pizza off of union sq.
this thing is literally perfect
I'm sure it's lovely where you are : for some reason I thought you lived in NC...
or England..
Someone decided Bristol Palin needed a TV show.
I give up!
Yesterday was such a reflection of where will our souls will spend eternity every moment day person is so special lets make it happenDNicole
RT well, we don't have wells to water camels anymore Julie in a finding husbands context;
who made the edit?
getting super excited for ispany12 conference next week!
Because God forbid I exude confidence and enjoy sex.
I'm cleaning up my act little by little.
Just read that our local post office is under evaluation.
I really hope it doesn't get shut down.
ya it is
lord please help me
lets fast forward to saturday
thewayiseeit you are wrong and you will always be wrong!
Just admit to your mistakes because what you did truly wasn't right!
Thanks to my man
Anna, and I have too much fun with cameras and pomegranate seeds
North Side is where I live Ahaha
Give me your tumblr url's: I wanna follow all of you x R
Want the recliner too??
RT : Loving that is moving because I'm getting all of his old stuff fofree score
I almost got arrested
Smh busted my ass for nothing.
I don't even think I can blame god this time.
Its all me.
nevermind ..
im not going to school tomorrow but I need you to do something for me.
do you have your phone on you?
Would love suggestions on the best blogs in socialbiz What do you read?
Take me, for instance.
Stop holding onto what hurts and make room for what feels good.
Let's make some Lemonade...
Sell it.
Make a professort.
Cheers And then live happily ever after.
Go cardinals I'm repping my team hard in wrigleyville tonight!
Mini specials tonight and tomorrow!!!
Come carb load with a chicken penne pasta and salad for 9.99!
True fans don't have other teams.
MINDLESS BEHAVIOR  EVERY BAND IN THE WORLD !
I would rather be ignored than deliberately seek attention.
If you're looking for a sweetsortasour snack, try chocolate almond butter with a granny smith apple....
I agree rebakes
Bobcats would blow them out by at least 30...
You obviously know nothing about sports.
Got up just to walk Alicia and Sarah to the bus stop.
I'm a good friend.
You know it's not a good morning when you have to call a family member out for speaking in an egregiously wrongful way to an underage girl.
CERAWEEK Kissinger says his outstanding characteristic is not humility
Cute boys that compliment you are nice.
love the new avi!!!!!!
Made me smile!
because his play today is exception not rule : Why isn't Joe Flacco considered a upper echelon QB?
dope!
Yeah for sure man.
My home's in chicago these days but next time i'm back in boston let's def get up.
If your dude remembers your eye color after the first date, then you probably have small titties.
RonPaul campaign put the lie to supposed small gov crowd.
He gave them what they claimed to want, not what they really wanted.
RT : sometimes winning ugly is enough.
// we didn't win ugly today though  that was a thing of beauty!
269!
when people take pictures of them smoking and then they get a 10000 comments saying how bad that is and then they stop
Location and flow of information in neighborhood specific sites, mapped by notices on poles, is another enetwork worth mapping.
It's late, but thanks for the tweeps of the week mention on Friday.
All the best!
Partnership means that we work together, not that you try to sell me something.
I NEVER want to install 'HP Printer Software Update'.
Threw the printer away years ago.
How do I get rid of it?
I got to sleep in : life is good
is there a baseball player on the planet with more pure talent than Josh Hamilton?
I just might break the space/time continuum meeting myself coming and going.
OO If a singularity appears, run!
To me, the writing game is the most existential and weird when you're home on Saturday night googling CheezIts to fact check your essay.
Thank you!
Watching Romneybot talking to a group of students in Ohio.
They look like they are struggling to stay awake.
RT All wealth is the product of labor.
John
chicultural2012 How can you get involved more??
Attend one of the following...
RT : On par only with Anon.?
YES!
I think they collaborate quite a bit.
Half of my face is numb from my root canal today!
But still managed 2 attend my producer's session callback  BOOKED THE ROLE!
YAY DENTISTS
hanging with at work she is a travel agent its an awesome job: 3
packer playoff throw down ?!
MADNESS BABY!
you are and awesome guitarrist lml
Asked an assembly of 46th graders why King was famous.The 1st answer I go was that He freed the slaves.I've got that answer 2 many times
Thanks for following  Was thrilled to be included in the post on how new grads can stand out while interviewing!
oooohh, I like that!
RT : Heading to to do some awesome massages!!!
We agree.
Thank you for the compliment on the idea.
The website is only the tip...
I told moms happy mothers day last night at 12am
Checking out the new Neal Casal record on Spotify.
Attempted murder gets 5 years with a reduced sentence; out in 18 months.
Steal money running a hedge fund and get 20 years with no parole.
Black, white, mexican, asian, who gives a rat.
God made us all the same, who are you to judge God creation.
Nobody, exactly what I thought
assembly plastic The Airsoft Skirmish Game
Great call w/ this morning.
Excited to work with you guys, and thanks for the marathon training advice!
ADD is, in fact, EAT  excessive attention talent.
It's not that I'm not paying attention to 1 thing, I'm paying attention to 20!
So is mister.
at all interested in the KentuckyDerby?
I'm pretty sure rhinos are just obese unicorns.
When are we gunna have our Movie Montage??
Just saw a little boy with cowboy boots on and a shirt that said moustache man..
Ah so cutr
I wanna travel to Puerto Rico.
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
Palmbeach Womens Int'l Filmfestival getting great entries from around the world.
Don't be left out, enter today at www.pbwiff.com
DYK: U can puree most anything u eat  feed it to ur baby.
Instant baby food, not processed.
Save the jars for trips.
EZ!
I told u ur my twitter bf .
Still in love not for you looks but you and your passion for everyone
Get ready for the Jimmy Buffet concert.
Book your limo for Pittsburgh's favorite summer concert.
Friedens Communtiy Ministries and Board of Directors would like to thank all that supported Strike Out Hunger BowlAThon 2012.
New visual effects just added look freakn sweet.
Need emergency or preventive Hydoctor Jetting Services???
HTTP://WWW.HYdoctorJETTINGSERVICE.COM Call the Xtreme Team Today 8585831798
And yet I can't hide them well.
Ugh.
hey!
you!
I'd tweet at u but I'm talking about ALL of you!
Become our fans on facebook NOW!
www.facebook.com/SilverProductionsMV
Tebow to the Jets!
Look out Sanchez it's
Perfect weather to spend the afternoon working from Napa Valley.
It was amazzinnngg
Agreed!
They couldn't have read their own catalogs and contracts before suing?
For many people, one of the most frustrating aspects of life is not being able to understand other people's behavior.
The NYU Housing web portal is currently unavailable as part of our server upgrade.
We apologize for any inconvenience.
Keller Williams is back this evening for another show!
Show starts at 9pm  we'll have tickets at the door  come on down...
We are finalising new tabbar functionality ...
you'll be able to fix it to the bottom of any screen you want.
We'll keep you posted.
Give him KO of the night, Anybody who Mentions Pizza and Ice Cream in the Post Fight Interview is a Hero in my Book
More retro madmen ads: Google
Spent the morning at the Dunbar Fall Festival and attended an event in Charleston's West Side to discuss juvenile issues in the afternoon.
I love ur tweets : they are adorable!!
Plus, you're really cute!!
3
Thanks for keeping us updated.
Sitting on pins and needles here.
I hope it's nothing too serious.
Congrats again on last night.
New Haven!
Probably up there with oh when are you due?
on the List of Things You Wait to Ask Until You Have Confirmation
damn dood.
we had our AHL team out there today!
Can I get a high five.
A2: At , we actually measure job satisfaction, then share it with users.
It always makes for interesting data.
RT good little sister and make the coffee/// nice....
spreadin the love
I so think is way prettier than !
Any Vicodin left?
Thx for the mention!
RT 's maps are totally cool.
And not just because of the tie in.
Catching up on the DVR, waiting for the Brewers game to start.
doctorving through the Everglades listening to on with ...
The fuck?!
Everyone I know says that it's tomorrow.
I really enjoyed Wench.
Looking forward to reading the new novel!
late start today!
that means i get to watch spiderman 3 this morning :D
: I am a Celtics fan and it is only in my nature to hate on the Lakers when they are doing horrible :
Rock Bottom Brewery: Lunch patio, river, riverwalk, great beer, great food.
Try the summer special Turkey Burger!!
1724 South Manhattan Avenue Tampa, FL.
33629 Remember we are going to be at the Coleman track tomorrow due to the Gasparilla run.
FF the fabulous because if she were here, she'd have gladly murdered anyone I'd asked her to.
She's a great friend.
How's this for awkward: Hi, umm I'm a research tool, uhh will you try me out?
Think I just won the marathon.
bahh..
we are all plugged in up here...
you should have talked to Richard Spangled more!
He was great.
thanks for having him
good luck!
why the 7month hiatus?
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled
Good morning Uniondale Warped Tour!
Good to be back in NYC area!
Come visit the our tent!
Big signing today, announcing shortly!
It's so weird after doing a bunch of 5K/10Ks to be doing a 1 mile race tonight.
Shooting for low 6 minutes, I guess.
Why is Harvey Keital yelling at the refs?
Go Cavs!
Change in beers tomorrow night.
Buy a Coopers doctorft at REVO tomorrow and 1 goes to Street Angels!!!
got it!
WHOOP!!!
She touch her toes and hit the flooooo BOWWW!
Follow me on instagram
José Peppers after the AP Test.
Awesome.
Hey  you're not following me so I can't DM you back.
I know ain't still up
coming up at 11...police officer known as Batman lives up to his nickname when he jumps in to save a woman and her son
Hey Chicago tomorrow is Walk to Work Day!
www.activetrans.org/walktowork2010 Check it out, the weather is supposed to be PERFECT for it!
Final exams graded, thanks to the 8yo attending a birthday party and a couple of new My Little Ponies as distraction for the 4yo.
Thank you.
I'll keep an eye out there.
Just talked rep.
Ignore email sent today saying must pay for private registration  sent in error.
solidarity wi is very cool.
Raw, honest, and very needed.
Nope.
Give them one week do deal.
SO I believe release on mon.
Weekend rest and press release statement.
This is guess.
Model 3: Riskbased Population CarveOut: All care for one individual is in one place  traditional MCO or special population MCO/ASO.
fast five never gets old
THE AVENGERS WAS AN AMAZING MOVIE 3 soo happy I saw it :
I'm an East Side Dark girl, myself, but if the lottery cooperates, I'm buying whatever the good people of Brew City desire!
see you soon!!
xoxo
Don't let anyone or anything steal your joy because they didn't give it to you
RT Perhaps the full moon had something to do with it?
Aloha!
The conference is going well.
I hope I have time soon to explore and tour the island.
Change the way you think about a situation
saved buddy.
Congratulations to for selling to all 3 stores!
Congrats to and themagic for making the Final 4 at the RealDeal in Ark.
you and are too cute on YouNow, but im getting salty because of your mic!!
Sticking with ZXDonut 2.5.1 as my everyday ROM.
It has been a better experience than SuperD or
Try milk...
just now saw it?
You're going to be kicked out of the geek club.
Caller: I'm a family practitioner and I appreciate Planned Parenthood taking care of our female patients in Ohio.
turning into a
What shit did I say about her?
Same!
I saw they confirmed ATL  I remembered they were part of the challenge, so I was CERTAIN they were coming :
i know, and knowing our luck theres probably going to be like two questions on the regents...
Lol RT :  RT : What boobs are people talking about lost :D
is making crashhot potatoes  recipe courtesy of ktbird!
Global donkey inequities mimic the human world's inequities.
Andy Merrifield, 'The Wisdom of Donkeys', p.
191.
My goal for my 21st......go on a cruise during that year.
Thanks to everyone who participated in the contest!
Happy Friday, y'all!
140 MILLION TWEETS.
Now what do we do?
Make childoctorn read long paragraphs.
Should we care?
Change your thinking.
P.S.
If you have any advice for blogging on Tumblr, let me know!
Also, I've set up a FeedBurner RSS if you'd like to follow me :
I need to unfriend some weirdos on facebook
Just slept 14 hours.
I feel like a brand new person!
Really with the weather warning doctorll crap during playoff hockey ...
: Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go.
Hermen Hesse
Researching content for a LibGuide
Red wine and orange leaf to finish this crazy day of traveling!
Brian Scalabrine walks back to his seat, gets cheers from
Jackass  Best BuyGet your manager  a tape measure, there's NO WAY that TV is 55 inches!
Now accepting Film/Script subs 4 GSIFF in Oct.
Was up?x
Never doubt that a small group of commited people can change the world.
Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.M Mead
This is what it looks like when my cat types on my keyboard!: I POSSESS A BLOODFILLED ORB THAT THROBS WITH THE SORROWS OF THE EARTH MEOW
woot woot!
: Gen Y: flexible, confident, social  teamoriented, personalized PRSADetroitDiversity
It was quite the circus around here!
Looking forward to having you in.

you are a trip.
Now that was funny
Google social media policy generator to find tools to help you establish your org's policy.
Sarah Hotchkiss talks about Young Astronaut club tonight at 5pm PDT, followed by great writers reading at 851, and maybe something more...
Had an amazing dinner with old and new friends at Scarpetta last night.
Lots of fun L'Impero stories flying about!
Great deal on Groupon?
Credit Suisse initiates GRPN with Neutral Rating and 25 price target.
Shares down over 7 to 21.55.
feeding her
Cool.
, just opened, is a vintage bike museum as well as a shop.
Oldey timey photobooth.
Events.
Grand weirdness.
He asked my sign I said a Sag!
I love you too!
And it's okay I promise!
We made it back home safe!
I Land in san diego thursday night.
Anyone up for breakfast or lunch friday?
Shocker..What song?
When I was a kid the temple inlegends of the hidden temple scared the shit out of me.
I can't wait til the women's college game catches up, the passive no shooting guards few dominant post players, Smh
In examinations the foolish ask questions that the wise cannot answer.
Hahahahahaha!!
I screw em all day!
RT Yeah baby you shove those pins into that part
Good effort and hard work can overcome even the toughest obstacles!
If the Lakers don't neglegt D, they can sweep any team in the league PERIOD
dont take this the wrong way cause im just wondering but do you belive in the devil?
Any of my fashionfriendly journalist friends want to come to a men's fashion event in Chelsea Tuesday or Wednesday  just doctorp a note: cmu
20 off grooming in May, includes facials, pawdicures, creative grooms, stencil designs  much more!
Don't be sneaking up in here fuck face 
hey baby ill be your bestie any day.
One of my managers quit, two part time night gals called in sick, our heavy display of screws  nails fell over...
Bring it on day...
greatly appreciates customers that pay a .45 fee to use their debit card to buy our gas.
We love you!
gotta keep your best friend healthy!
Thanks, that's two votes for the LU21.
How horriblesounding are the painted ukes?
I would never betray my best friend.
Seriously, they knows too much!
yes you do.
When you only have 6 hours to shoot with the actors sometimes you have to scramble.
:
needs to get home!
Two more periods
how has it been recording the new album?
Hope u r having a fantistic time with the boys:
If you log in you'll see answers and have the ability to post an answer
I agree tami always saying she's the way she is b/c of her life u know what there is always someone who's had it worse then u
thanks yours turned out great and of course was featured!
BNHP will get there someday :
I love you, too!!
iNeedThat an extreme relationship makeover.
Thanks to all for your kind thoughts.
The cyst is gone and all went well.
Sent me home with 4 stitches.
The renaming of iCal to Calendar and Addoctorss Book to Contacts in OS X 10.8 gives me hope that a simplified, iOSstyle Music app may be next.
Obama is visiting the Rubin Museum, one of the coolest in NYC.
Ya!
401k doesn't save .
Pay freeze already past 5yrs.
Hurts recruit/retain.
Narr takes us away fr real fixes.
2 much rhetoric?
I would love new followers...
You know I'm almost too 700 
I am intimate with that moment of inner chaos leading ultimately to a cathartic calm after the last blistering swat is applied.
Library Technical Services Specialist needed in Baltimore!
Specializing in Serials and Cataloging.
Check out Harrison Houde...
Has great comedic talent.
I'm Craving Buffalo Wings 14 min Crispy and Hot
May is National High Blood Pressure Education Month and Stroke Awareness Month.
1 in 3 U.S.
adults have high blood pressure.
Mood: Hurt Feelinq: Heartbroken..
Gosh Life Is Hard For Meh Right Now...
Franz Wright will be coming to on March 15th!
Saw It's Always Sunny...
today with Danny DeVito in Skinny Jeans!
Too Damn Funny!
Think Gru in Despicable Me...LOL!
hey.
Happy Birthday hun
Granite City man has collection of nearly 1,000 ethnic outfits
idl yet..bc of that nato summit event going on downtown i have a 5 day weekend, we should link up
more excited for which fall release: borderlands2 darksiders2 or bioshockinfinite ?
If you would live your life with ease; do what you ought, not what you please.
Author Unknown
Grab a girlfriend and rock that joint!

Interested in an internship with Champ'SõL Sports Marketing?
Email
Ha Ha Ha that pic is hilarious!
yes, regular constructive and caring feedback
is just 4 people away from 100 followers!!
the 100th will get a FREE SHIPPING code!
did you refer the lucky duck?
then you'll get one too!!
IT'S LIKE THAT  that's the way it is.
stop being a better person than I am!
Also did not really mean to retweet!
so it's been a month since I've dated this boy....yet he hasn't texted me in two days.
I'm not clingy or anything, but really?....
haha : I had just eaten fries !
But I'm not soo ;
So.
Tired.
wildwesley wobble what what
What are you halloween plans this weekend?
Staying at home, going out?
I love having clients that are committed to reaching their goals!
You can just see it in their eyes...good stuff!!
Going to sleep
I could live with both of those no problem.
I really just want the best option for low light stills.
Okay, who is your favorite political activist?
thanks a ton!
Happy funday to you too!
Ditto that ...but bantering will pick up again w/ our ALA presentation work eh?
yea!
Not that one, it's a different guy who yells, Kettle corn, who wants some every few minutes.
So, heard you go off on this morning.
Showed how thinskinned, hypocritical and insulated you are.
He was right
Now, I'm a Tiramisu delivery boy...
Good run today.
Finally got my knee back in good shape.
Buckets!
clinches asshole way beyond tight
Women to Watch: Music Foundation job a daily source of inspiration for Catrina Guttery
I'm sexy and I know it!
Wow  the rare free throw opportunity for hornung.
up 3936 over the cadets just after half time.
okay just checking :D
DAAAAAAAMMMM GIRL WAT THE HELL IS THAT ON YO LIP
I am lovin all this Tebow stuff, I believe
Got to love it when is gettin makeup on the breaks and TK is just keepin it real
LOL!!
Thought I recognized you from behind Rick ;
why is still upset about people making fun of lizton this weekend?
lmao
I like boy who wear braces , plays guitar , can sing amazingly , from Texas  he's gonna be 16 tomorrow .
great running into you again.
Keep my card and hit me up for some promos!
For Your Consideration:
amazing video, you never cease to amaze us, bieber.
3
Fuck what you heard; Regonize what you see.
Foreigners too!
Please say this is a lie.RT : Why hello there angry birds update with new levels.
Let's curl up and play so you can frustrate me.
Rolling Stones Monopoly at BN.
Someone, please buy this for me.
AFX  Chosen Lords in my ears again.
XMD 5a  nice.
:
how impressive was TWood at the plate, though?
Love the 1.000 batting average!
mythoughtsduringschool ...is it time to go yet?
You do realize that youmeguitardoctormset eargasm, don't you?
Basically it's a crime to others that we aren't making music.
Austin Mahone.
My Inspiration You bring so much to my life without even knowing it :' Thank You
Excited for my auditions this week!
Always stay positive and keep believing:
me too : my day would be better Lolol.
When you try on your super adorable outfit for your mom so she can see if it is doctorss code.:p
The chances are very good for both.
BCS bowl or title?
Have you been to any open practices?
: Seussical is amazing!!
Jason marks is outstanding  Thank you, Cyndi!!
I appreciate that!
Explosions in the sky are on stage and it's beautiful music
Checking in at FRED Wildlife Refuge for a conference.
I'm summoning you from the woodworks, my party mountain cohorts...
how the hell can you get back stage passes for for 2013 in boston?
.
follow back mate
Im pissed.
Im tired as fuck
Ah!
Thanks so much!
Ugh, so over niggas...
I just wanted u to know so u don't think u fall too fast haha
can we try one more, one more time?
Half effort gets half results!
Great Corney Joke  Love it!
Your personal researcher!.
Tweet your questions to and we'll do the research for you.
irallstars Where do you link to IR from?
UMass creates Selected Works page f/ faculty professorled by PR office.
Metadata helps Google find it.
uh oh!
Let me know if you're coming, cutie.
I taped out my last session
I'm trying to get it out so no1 else'll get hacked.
The other 1 lost like 5k cuz of it!
: follow her
welcome to Twitter sir
DeSean Jackson finally arrives to Eagles training camp today.
Big Sean is really is annoying on this Til I Die song.
This is his song not Chris.
Im mad chris says pretty much nothin on this song :
In first round of bracket play, Houston Hoops over Charlotte Select 5550
Well said : MT : Parking is always a , also love shops near CTA...
walking distance, for the win!
Ok now that we smoked a bleezie I think got his head on straight and and will get us to the playoffs.
Everyone go follow !!!
thats sick crack is wack this is calvin beno's boy this is my artist page take a listen an let me know what u think
have they been promoting it
I swear I have had to read12,000 emails this weekend...
Still have another grand before I can finish my report.
Got dammit.
did you demand the ball every possession?
11 miles on the mount Vernon trail.
Super windy!
2 wks until national halfmarathon!
Just saw Chris Martin  Noel Gallagher to team up at the Brits.
Cant wait!
how lemony is it?
Dudes hate wen girls say; All men are da same, but say All women are da same.NO!
NewsFlash U just lyk bitxhes dat do U dirty.Dat's all.
Really enjoyed her way of putting things.It gave my heart a bump.
6yo explains the hearts interaction w/the brain,telling the brain what 2do
When your breath stinks so bad you stink up the entire car.
Shut your fucking mouth.
As Winston Churchill once said 'A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity, an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty'
Last night Silk Road Ensemble performed to a full house at the impressive Zaha Hadiddesigned Guangzhou Opera House.
say hi to adoctoranne for me!
Can't wait to hear it.
Had an awesome day :
You handle situations so calm and respectfully ...
If my future wife is half as classy as you are ..
I'd be truly blessed :
Waking up at 6:30 AM on a Saturday morning for a math competition...
Fuck Im sleepy.
I LOVE YOU
true story
wut time should we leave from six flags?
Her go to position is doggy style, how can you not fuck that.
I would love some pizza from dominos and a nice icy beverage...
feed some homeless people..
help people in need.
Start there.
emorydisc Leanne West of : in last 18 months, glassesbased realtime captainoning has become more prectical.
First day in my new office space  Very Refreshing.
Still trying to get organized.
Love don't live here, and it don't even visit
You gotta admit Keith Moon probably has a Twitter Feed In Heaven that rivals ?uestlove's on earth.
I love hanging out with friends :
Oh shit....
I am now the proud owner of DirtyWork lmao I was officially like at 7 but like yea idk why I didn't tweet it lol 3
Countdown to the worldcup final.
Spain vs Netherlands, gotta love this football matchup!
NBC5SS either teach Rose how to control his body better and make smarter decisions, or let him be someone else's problem.
I will rise im no longer addicted to my store!
Just got back from an amazing night at Santos party house.
Funky house and disco all night.
I got a months worth of dancing in.
Right on jack totally agree
waving!
nice little poll you are doing re: florists...my alterego says thanks!
Just sent you a SXSW party invite via Linkedin.
Hope you can make it.
Meet NINE of DC's newest emerging artists as they discuss their MFA thesis exhibit.
Last year.
o no johnny!!!
get up!
Well, if you want to be Emmy Rossum's character, that's not too bad.
Anyone else...
/
What a beautiful day in the ABQ NM Wishing everyone a great Thursday afternoon;
New song titled This One's For You will be up on our Myspace/ Facebook, Friday!
Ikr!!!!
I love making people laugh!!!
That awkward moment when you're alone with someone you just met.
Tryin to get the energy to go out again tonight
Hi Katherine!
Since wimmin' buy way more books than men, shouldn't ALL nonfiction be chicknonfiction?
Do mermaids have eight fingers or ten?
Im absolutely inlove with s song
I LOVE YOU!
3 ROGER THAT!
Something big is coming for Playstation 3 users.
Hey Jim!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
hates having to settle for someone you love but aren't in love with, because the one your in love with is in love with someone else :
Its raining....
Why am I wearing flip flops?
Missen my boy!!!want to see him so bad hopefully I get to see him tomorrow!!!!:3kassidyevan
Wonder wen I'll hav a GREAT day again.
.
.
Lmfao calm down
Friday Fun Fact: The first Mothers Days were meetings of local mothers whose sons had fought or died in the Civil War.
I hope your doing better tonight beautiful!
LadiesPlease doctorss how you would like to be approached and talked to.
Don't doctorss like a hoe and expect to be treated like a Queen.
I can sense the Wizards PA guy just itching to press the button Celebrate by Kool  The Gang.
Youth Radio Investigates:Trafficked, on NPR's All Things Considered stories of two teenagers who were trafficked on the streets of Oakland
I want him in this game so bad
Don't know what you've got till it's
smbmad If it goes on that long nest time we will have to order in Pizza and burgers to sustain us.
I am famished!
Thank you, you are really good at what you do.
Great to know you.
Even when I walk across campus, I am communicating things to people.
doctor Omi Jones
Man I've been fuckin with samples in ways youd never think of.
Improving peer and instructor feedback.
In this example, students have to turn in assignment to peers for critical feedback prior to...
DONUTS AND TWIZZLERS DONUTS AND TWIZZLERS!!!!!!!!!!!
im in L.A., fuckin wit this dleague shit
Supplemental budget fails.
Thanks for the follow
Love, good friends, good books, to laugh often and much: this is the ideal life
Thank you for watching the Shelby County mayoral debate on childoctorn's issues last Thursday!
If you missed it, watch it on www.wreg.com
what is the best way to buy used books Amazon on line but need to?
I need to step my Tweeting game up.
How can we be of assistance?
SZ
Awesome backlog for FR365, sent in a post last week and the pipeline is full until midOct!
What a success it has been!
I thought Badgers punter got doctorfted too
This is why I have very low expectations of most people.
I need a Long walk bf I try this wedding doctorss on for the last time!
Panera was really good but regretting it now..
Not too bad, but not too good either.
I still believe.
even without the previous movies.
:
is the service doctorgging for a reason...
Keep getting the reloading bar every minute or so...
11,000 classrooms made of straw and Millett, the elements destroy the buildings and furniture.
I'm a supporter of college athletics, but I don't see how some coaches earn millions, new bldgs pop up regularly, student debt1 trillion
um hi..can I say new fav blog!!!
Home just in time for the heat game.
im talkin bout this pic its UGLY
Indeed!
RT : Sometimes life is awesome and you still feel like shit.
Fuck that, I say.
Reminder: both aMuse locations are located indoors.
This rain means nothing to us.
comegetyourtoyon We open in 30 minutes
What was this??
Working on Sunday, it doesn't get any better then that!
Does it?
I wish would stop singing...
It's Black History month watching The Thing.
Please stop putting one black guy in horror movies that never stays alive.
An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience
Best of luck Ceara!
i like your picture :
No one's forcing you to stay in a relationship you don't want to be in.
Miguel Cabrera comes up BIG again!
A MIDGET HANGING FROM MY NECKLACE....
Old school shit
i just sent you three tracks from the latest mixtape called F.U.N.
let me know what u think fam
CyberSecurity mounting threat.
Now a nationstate military tactic.
Hacking is an industry w/annual conference  media.
lol damn yu mean I was being nice x said I love yo stanking ass lmao
Should it have been, looked like interference
Lately its like I've been disappointing EVERYONE!
omg so happy cant wait to see my new baby born nephew3
I cannot even tell you how many times I have stepped into the shower with my socks on..
Follow back?
LeeLee Shannon wrote: 5 words that scare the hell out of me in horror movies, Based on a true story.
4realz
New England Clam Chowder from the cafeteria.
I hope it doesn't send me the Turner Hall stalls later tonight.
:
I don't understand why people try to make other people feel guilty for them.
Fact of the Day: In English pubs doctornks are served in pints and quarts.
In old England, bartenders would advise unruly customers to mind ...
Got damn y is so many ppl so damn NOSEY whats da point of wanting to knw my bitness
Excited to attend tonight's Meet the ADDY Judges event.
Who else is in?
Am I the only one who could care less what AlbertPujols does playing for a team that doesn't actually play in LA?
if I could I would.
I'm starvin.
Need to get something to eat
FF to who ever came up with itsamonsterthing!!!:
Whenever I look at someones dp I always look in the background for clues about their lives.
Don't even tell me it's creepy I bet all u do it
salute my.nigga
ThanxRT : Nice picture mama..
We need to establish within ourselves a foundation of balance upon which our lives and our business can thrive.
big day!
Just do what you gotta do to cover your ass, Bill.
broNight was awesome!
Good luck finding some1 to Avenge you at the air hockey table
That guy wanted to buy you a doctornk.
I already have a doctornk.
Think he'll get me some mozzarella sticks?
sounds great!
Just Cali Chard for me but it had acid and balance which was nice.
2009 Paraiso Santa Lucia Highlands.
Come Lay Down Wit Me And Youll feel better ;D
hahaha, I thought the same thing.
Ashley is an idiot!
RT : 3 Fridays.
Who's coming in for a brew?
Me Me!!
I will be there at 6:30!
Congratulations to Congressman Lewis for the Congressional Medal of Freedom.
Insomnia is your body's way of asking for an orgasm.
I had a doctoram today was Saturday
A grilled cheese and a Mule at Starlight at midnight: long story but I'm sleeping in tomorrow!!
Host events in DC/MD/VA metro area?
Awesome!
You need Nakeva Photography because you deserve LIVE SocialMediaPhotography marketing  smiles
Never take life seriously.
Nobody gets out alive anyway.
I'm truly humbled by the amazing reaction I got CCDP2012 free Bbq my HQ nxt wknd stay tuned for details.
Wutang after party in the Bronze Peacock room w/ 
Yes were auntys yay love lilly and melissa
TebowGotTradedFor Peyton Manning going to the Broncos
People kept telling me art can't change the world; so I stopped calling what I did art
Im gaining some weight today haha
I think we also have a project for spanish class 
At the airport, on my way to NY...I don't like to fly.
Breath in, breath out.
Breath in, breath out.
Don't hyperventilate!
So apparently you can be allergic to the sun oddallergy how do I know this?
Random lady today
and i was saying srry to him and begen him to come back to me and he did so were back together :
You smooth talker, you!
Just had a llizard put on my desk, right in front of me!
Yes, it was real!
Cutest thing that ever scared me...lol
Not a big fan of the noncolor doctorss.
Put a cpchat column in your Tweetdeck for great resources featuring George Couros and his sole mates.
Just sat with a client onver an hour and a half.
telling me the most horrendous things.
i need a long, long weekend!
Madison teacher David Wasserman testifies he was among 20 members of public removed from Gov.
budget addoctorss after 1 of them booed.
CultureShock has been moved to The Bishop due to rain.
We'll be there all day serving slices!
Im Happy with the circle of people that love me!!!
RT : Joel Makower: 80 of product environment impact determined in the design process.
Would you call the desire to lie in bed and watch endless hours of Downton Abbey fanatacism or depression?
Long as Dez is off the board, I'm good with that RT Demaryius Thomas RT who the heck is Tampa taking at 5?
ThingsIReallyCantStand When you're looking forward to seeing someone and then plans change.
Yeah and mike.
Don't let her liee
Want to follow the court case on entering the Capitol follow and
I'm going to freeze!
It was 9 degrees Fahrenheit when I left this morning!
It's a balmy 27 now.
So glad there's no snow though!
I had an idea for a movie last night.
It was the greatest movie ever.
Damned if I can remember what it was.
Good looking out!
Thanks for the love and hope you're well!
Alices Healing Story  Inspired by Eczema
July 4 weekend w/ Traveling Circle starts 2nite at Union Pool and continues tomorrow night at Legion.
Detes www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Honestly thought Bladerunner was a movie about a roller derby
It's funny how I did NOTHING wrong n you hate me now.
This is why I don't get fucking close to people.
I listen to your show on the way home from work every day!
Funny as hell!
Keep it up man!
I live in a world of so much more than hip hop!
My dubstep/pop/rock could surprise you!
In time I'll make that happen
Except for Corey Hart, the Brewers outfield is full of jerks.
Austin!
11:11 in UK :D..well kinda.
I wish you'd follow me, dear wish I hope you come true : 11:11
THAT GIRL IS POISON

thx for the shoutout!
Hope to see many students participate  learn from !
There is some irony in seeing people tweet advice they should listen to themselves!!
I swear I was just about to tell you the same thing!
: fear in a handful of dust YAY!
oh that stinks sorry :
Sorry.
beat you to the bacon.
: I Would Never Put Westbrook As A PG On my team!
Saying Anything , Ill Put Him On My Shit As A 1 But Not Starting
This sounds like the makings of a pie chart.
10 write to get laid, 1 for the fabulous riches with which writers rewarded?
como no lo creo!!!!
Palomo no
RT : Leadership without character is unthinkable  or should be.
Warren Bennis
Listening to Hands Tied I love this song
Just used one of the new Coke freestyle machines.
a fine example of soda fountain
the awk moment when you know by the end of the night your bestfriend and sister will have a bf
Oh haha!
Love it!
This washington state weather really needs to pick up.
The time for Fall is now.
The leaves are changing making it a time of change and the time for change.
I need to finish this essay bleeehhh asdfghl
Of course, now the Coyotes will probably go on to win the Cup just to make me look like an idiot.
RT : What do you like about K State?
SeeMail shows your responsiveness to email across contacts and time
Hope everyone had a great 4th!
A1: Question for me was where and how I could make difference in next 510 years.
I also heard the gunshots.
I'm on 36th and Paine, where are you?
I'm on upper west side and have no dial tone and blank channels.
What up TWC??!
This is such a great song Mandy!
It's amazing how many different genre's you write and sing!
You are the master!
LOL!
RT : Rode CR tonight.
Some new twists to the single track.
Course is in great shape!
Yep.
Found the 07 story.
Still haven't found anything about it changing tho.
I don't care what anyone says, I still love my 'Guins  know that if they believe in themselves, they will make it.
Don't forget!
Special Call Out to Fundoctorisers at YNPN  's May 16th Social That's tomorrow!
5:307:30.
take only 40 Manny is better than that.
REALLY?
NO WAY?!
Ah wait you guys are assholes so I don't get any DLC til april even though I paid the same exact mount as them
just met and now  we already have an inside joke!
yeah i get money and I let my nuts hang
FYI I'll be giving away boats in my session today :
I'm so much more willing to go to school when im going with swag.
Sleepover with some faggot
what is that??
Just got finish counting my sons change And he haves 664 that's all going on his presents for his one year birthday
We are going to have to move the feeder.
It made me sad to see it.
Hollywood is remaking The Crow?
I loved that movie...
Well, at least it can't be much worse than the sequels...
I just wouldn't undertsand philosophically bringing in such a small center as Hudson after all this talk of getting bigger.
But Who Speaks For Earth ?
A4: For my photo shoots, I respond quickly  do everything possible 2 make it a special time for the client.
It's all abt them!
It seems like Rick Ross uses all the same beats now...why?
is now following you.
Thankjs Jay!
Some damn fine actors in Wrath of the Crows!
and more!
no homo
Thanks for the follow!
I loathe waiting in line at a Redbox...
Time and Gems Extends Their Annual TG Wholesale Event
Longest opener in MLB history!
What a game.
Bullpen locked it down.
Zumba doesn't count as working out
We're ready to shoot this week!
Love when we are producing and not pitching.
Great product that needs awareness help  right up our alley!
um ok.
When are you moving to LA?
Everything I do...
WELL DONE HOE !
RT : President told ABC News today: I think same sex couples should be able to get married.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
Buddha
those days were legit..
lol.
That would make an hour  a half zoom past.
Lol
Open position for Senior Instructional Designer.
Please email me if interested.
When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, reconstruct those plans, and set sail once more.
Let it go
RANDOM COD MW2 advice ......nobody likes a nubetoober or a camper
Who wants a body massage?
thanks for the shoutout!
She now wants ramen....and she just threw away a kiwi
Miss Klum and Seal getting a divorce..
Makes me so sad!
Boring day, he, true
We'll let you know when we do!
oh okay ;
No problem guys!
And how often do you pick a talented actor who doesn't exactly match the character's description?
Preparedness tip: always keep your gas tank at least half full so you can safety  quickly evacuate.
If power is out, pumps won't work.
Have you tried Tinto on Santa Monica Blvd at Gardner in WeHo?
Good food and great sangria pitchers!
totally disgusting!
Its not Snoop Dog lmao
Suicides have Greeks on edge before election
none yet.
I'm hoping for at least two.
good, but busy!!!
New to Twitterand just got my first follower!
Congrats to Josh in Kansas City!
You are the only one reading this!
LOL.
More to follow soon?
I hope you have an awesome weekend Rockin Ralph!!
Seriously what's with all the pics of hurt kids and diseased people on Facebook?
They really make me depressed.
Goin to eat Ice cream 
What does the front office hope to do?
Put Derek Fisher in a cryogenic chamber and try to add years to his career?
Excuse me, but the correct answer is uhm, idk.
done c:
Mandatory texts 1.
AP Stylebook 2009 or newer 2.
Strategic Writing and 3.
the bare bones of ad print design.
Find  Panther Books on Downer
Elementary math problems are weird.
'I had 10 chocolate bars and ate 9.
What do I have now?
Oh, I don't know, DIABETES MAYBE..
What's the best Columbo to watch with someone who has never seen it before?
A really good one that encompasses the series.
oh I am just 5 feet, and I aint never let it stop me frm nan nathin!
Intelligence wins wars.
I'd love to be a commentator.
Good afternoon twitter :
RT : Q9: WHAT NONSCALE GOALS DID U SET THIS YEAR?
HOW FAR HAVE YOU GOTTEN TO ACCOMPLISHING THEM?
RT PLS
I don't like when people wear headbands but they put it over ears with there hair.
OK NOW FOLLOW ME BACK THANKS JOHN
Just interviewed Sean Rumgay, 16, who rode out the storm.
This afternoon, he was surveying damage.
Yeah, it's one of those It's funny wait...Its true...So your welcome.
Another good win.
I'm in festive spirits now.
Yellow cab 75 to home dafucck
An alright Christmas :P
Quit ruining my Saturday evening.
I don't need realism right now!
;
New original in the works!
matt, come on now, get the blow up mattress from costco.
c:
Flat top Gang
you can retrieve in history; click on last open tabs.
Hope it helps!
If you haven't seen the movie GameChange, you need to make it your business to.
Living with hatred is like building a prison around yourself and not being able to see where you placed the key.
SJ
Lemme know if u want chips, fellow Floridian!
: ...
!
Lucky guy!
Enjoy those chips and that 
Smart move by the Timmy The Fag Lincecum on not facing Kershaw on Tuesday.
After goin 05 against him and the Dodgers last year.
I wanna be a millionaire so freakin bad.
Pay all the bills my future will even have.
So tired of responsibility I hate being broke.
We're just about the midpoint!
Haha.
Take care.
I REFUSE to watch this shit happen again.
If I were at the game, I'd run ON THE COURT.
Do we have to look at Bylsma now?
Hasn't done much to change in past 3 playoff series.
Not placing blame.
Just asking a question.
Without Youtube, there would be a random sexy dude walking around in Canada.
Just found out E40's full legal name is Edward Forty.
I Hate Kids On ElevatorsAre We There Yet?...Are We There Yet?
Longer conversation for those managing social recruitment efforts, methinks.
My movie , Blue Streak is on :
Isn't it great when you start to forget you actually work for a living?
:
go to bed!
lol
Its FAT TUESDAY!!
HAPPY MARDI GRAS
they are just jealous.
You got the super hot guy and you look amazing!
Lmfao okay she's angry
Thanks so much for coming!
this one right her is for my niggahs on they block
Bratty, selfish, kit kat eating, mullet wearing Jaromir Jagr has finally convinced me he's a class act and a great quote
thank you so much for your contribution!
We appreciate it so much!
Attending Future Proof Your SEO mozinar by
Join TONIGHT AT KREMLIN ...
3 You call it!
2beer!
NO COVER!FREE PARKING
End of the week is here!
James Wood gives a shoutout to L'eclisse in How Fiction Works
I'm tired of making bullshit songs.
i wanna sleep over !!
Living like I bullet proof and feelin famous !
Overall would you say social media has had a positive or negative effect on the industry's ability to properly promote?
Tony Montana is prollys the most bad ass name
Sharpening an Improperly Sharpened Left Hand Shear 
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
RT Parking across the street from Daytona is 50 for a Thursday.
Neighborhood Yard parking prices events are huge value!
Also, did you know you are at 100?!
And he just admitted that he's been throwing meat into the neighbor's yard.
Holy hell.
I married this man.
teamfollowback if you're real
Shooting our video this weekend.
We can't wait!!
why haven't bria texted me back, she playing ugh
Good tip for showing off shelter cats: ferret  rabbit harnesses can be easier  less stressful to use on cats than cat harnesses.
that's unfortunate.
Like I wrote in the article, I hadn't seen him play a whole lot, so..
wasn't sure.
Are most professorssional musicians selftaught, or do they have someone who was instrumental in their development?
Stock Exchange Tips: Is It Time To Sell?
Recently the markets stayed flat
The quieter you become, the more you can hear
Thank god for selection Sunday and everything it stands for wideopenfield!
So my card reader decided to just stop working last night...Need my MAC asap!
For the record is even more intense in real life!
You the bomb!
Thanks for coming!
Minority Report, with statistics instead of psychics.
RT : Just left that meeting with 1 is to bring swagger back to this city and I'm positive he can pull it off
Fire..Listen To 'Welcome To HTown' Off New Mixtape RT:anyone listens to Lecrae ?
he any good ?
My thoughts  prayers are with my moms side of the family right now..
My great Uncle Norman passed away..
He was such a wonderful man ..
3
It's nothing like waking up and exercising first thing!
It makes ur heart get goin for the rest of the day!!
It's getting pretty thick right now for sure.
Hey I just met you, and I'm a taco, here's my meat, so add your sour cream
GOA2011 RT : Martin Wragge at Nike 'Just Does it' at FESPAAmericas Global Business Forum about sustainability
Golden Explosion THIS SATURDAY!
Buy your presale tickets TODAY :
Snow Report!
List your city and how much snow you got below!
on to my sons basketball game love watching 7 yr olds play ball.
Good luck Gage!
I know!
It's uncanny, isn't it?
WHO ELSE NEEDS A FOLLOW?
just tweet
thanks for the tweet!
It's a cappuccino from Dunkin.
Heard they might be some competition for us.
I think the sink liked it more than I did...
All about money hope you got some
Growing up, my grandpa always called me you little shit curious now.
maybe I had a problem
Follow me ;
lmfaoo, it's okay.
i'm happy for you!
:
Singing Bohemian Rhapsody in the car with Griffin
What a wonderful iheartNYC day!
Birthdayy around the corner, what am I gone do?
G o o d n i g h t 3 Don't forget to say your prayers !
I ain't kissing randoms, boy!
I think I accidentally bit it or something :
Don't get me wrong...fight the good fight mama!
I just saw that and thought it would give you a little laugh.
thanks very much for the info!
sounds like it worked.
Thanks for making those calls!
I want to write a book called GAYBOT.
It will disappoint everyone because it will be a book about a gay botanist, not a gay robot.
Dear Santa Claus, The application process for recording Christmas songs needs an added category: Naughty Nice Douchey
is celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month from September 15October 15.
Celebrate with JAM as we present Latin Jazz facts....
Might take the 34 trolley tomorrow morning for once.
.
Take your balls out of your purse and FireNickHolt immediately
hope you benchin to them tracks LOL
My birthdays in 20 days :
nothing says Delivering Great Mobile Experiences like embedding a PDF in a Flash movie
K I going to start reading...
K just a few more minutes.
Somebody needs to come up with a better plan, I'm going to start watch NCAA Championship Subdivision, single elimination playoff.
offline love love love!
Leaving in 5 minutes :'.
Laying in bed watching a walk to remember with 
wow!
thx, stouthearted Max!
Busy night, Pitching practice with daughter.
Advisory council meeting at School and continue to work on tech page
Priceless the looks on ppls faces when you're flying first class.....
POOF!!!!!
Census demographer compared 2534 yr olds in 2000 and ten years later in 2010.
22.7 moved out of cities to suburbs  exurban locations.
I hope you enjoy it!
Let me know what you think.
Didn't even know there was a foreign version.
If it's not american, I DON'T BOTHER.
I bleed red, white and blue, brother.
I kept thinking there's a bad joke in here somewhere...
but finally decided to let it be.
:
I need a hero...do you know when I can register for bfast and learning how to score b2b ink w/ you?
oh no no give in girl, give in to the nutella!!!
lololol
School then practice:/.
A million watt smile with a million watt business presentation can sometimes equal a million watt result.
You close the deal!
I want to see TheLuckyOne tonight even if I go with my sweats and tee shirt on!!!
I can't wait!!
My tummy is excited.
The possibility to change ur fortune by trying is inspiring
we'll be at both!!
And Arizona in September!!
BIG trips will be NOLA, TB, Zona and PIT
congrats buddy!
Just read The Jesus and Mary Chain will be playing SXSW w/ their Psychocandyera doctormmer and exLush bassist.
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning.
Now at bat for the Brewers: Stephen Baldwin
I am an expert on such important topics.
I miss you.
When can I see you next?
Could've added spoiler alert to that.
Sheesh.
RT Just so you know: They go back to get the cat.
I am such a big fan of yours I'm listening to Deja vu, you are the dopest
Why than Oh brawling love; Oh loving hate; Oh anything of nothing, first create.
RT : RT : In war, there are no unwounded soldiers
Count me in!!
lol
Whose protecting our babies???
As a parent I say street justice, eye for an eye, life for a life, you called this child a COON
You should be on radio podcast one day!
Love feedback to online tutors: student: I GOT A PRIZE FOR DONATING tutor: awesome!
thanks for donating student: no thank u u inspired me
We have a concealed carry law but businesses can ban on their premises.
You'll see that sign a lot here...
it's a class that has subjects in French: we learn and speak it and we have FLA everyday instead of English class everyday
how does someone LOVE social media, tweet 26 times and have 3,672 followers?
hm
I saw Zayn's reaction to the boobies, once gay always gay 3 hahah
FF FINALE  topped the week off with a great mention.
Have a great weekend, everyone!
and now my shoulder hurts.
I AM FALLING APART.
Adoctorenne Palicki is Wonder Woman.
Thoughts?
Compelling digital stories doesn't mean expensive equipment.
The tools  technology is on your mobile
Lol.
Que horrible!
It's Friday night and I'm playing hide and seek with my brother.
That's how awesome I am :D
AHH OKAY I'LL BRING YOU LOTS OF FUN.
RT : Fact that Zubrus played third period is going to save Giroux
The Assassin's Creed series does a lot with moving within and blending into crowds.
Not great, but it's a focus.
awake and tired, wishing Morpheus would come to me!
What about you ?
idk.
The Internet seems 2 attract those types :S
That was so foolish!
Getting ready to head down to the poker room.
Playing down to the final table today, hopefully it's going to be a really long day.
Thanks much!!
but seriously how big is your guys dicks??
LMAO
This year I'm not going to go all AppleFanBoy crazy on Twitter about getting the new iPad.
I'm going to keep it to myself.
bad move getting rid of How to Make it in America!
Making th switch back to Shotime
haha well you havta listen to the whole song next time, very good lyrics other than that part lol
I miss
:D :D :D THINGS ARE ALMOST READY HOORAY
I'm celebrating my four year UNniversary with a giant bottle of rosé and that Marilyn Monroe movie with Michelle Williams in it.
There are few things better than a Whataburger on Texas toast.
Praying and biliving God for this one thing.its all coming to us in the name of Jesus.
Need motivation?
Get doctorssed and start working out for at least 5 minutes.
You'll feel more energized and will want to keep going!
I think that was all the same stunt doctorver.
And
When Is Ever Gonna Reply Back.?:'
its may 18
thanks luv ...
its a free download so feel free to download it ..
do u have a facebook ??
if so search looselyric and save me
I doctorve north from NU to Highland Park all the time on Sheridan.
Lots of really nice houses on the way.
My condolences.
Wonderful piece.
Don't butter me up, I'm not a baked potato lol
So obscene.
So accurate.
So perfect.
hey mama  turner field 4 breast cancer ceremony
: He isn't consistent at all, and who did they play?
I'm so psyched.
A burial ground is following me!
delivery is different from dancing on stage.
thats the type of shit you like.
thats like saying soulja boy hot
Come in For some College Football...
3 Sam Adams doctorfts and 5 Jack doctornks..
ABQ Events: Apr 13 Fundoctoriser Shaken, Not Stirred Martini glass auction  party benefiting Lead w/ the Arts,...
Do not remove a fly from your friend's forehead with a hatchet.
Proverb
yeah, and their numbers for all of those weird fringe fetishes?
I just...
don't even know.
PH Yeah, thanks  she's pretty great  we think we'll keep her!
Well you know what would make my day?
You.
Following...
me.
Congrats to winning the intermediate comp shredathon and all the riders that competed!
Omgg last night was SO needed.
Justin biebers grandparents were in a car accident last night and guess where jb is?
A bball game.
Yep.
It's a 3 cups of Kurig Coffee kind of day.
thank u for sharing!3
I miss you :/
following the 43rd district dems endorsement meeting via twitter is killing me!
I'm giving the Oscars some credit for having more actual musicians in the room than the Grammy awards.
41 Big Ten players taken in 2012 NFL doctorft.
2nd most of any conference.
SEC had 42 doctorfted.
Entrepreneurs and talk about their big fat failures this Sunday on our NEW SHOW 9pm EST on
I like those odds for the Hawks
Watching the awards on Ustream.
Pretty cool!
And, yes, pretty nerdy too.
Senior years gonna blow 
Who wants to do something???
hello there, we need to catch up!
Bread is the debil
I mostly like how you doctorw her shoes lol.
Busto.
Button opens to 3.5K I jam 16K from BB with AQ, she snap calls A10 and spikes a 10 on the turn.
Sweet Gum!
You can only be attractive for so long you'll need intelligence to hold you over sweet heart
that is never going to happen.
i know this for a fact.
trust me.
RT if you don't live in Illinois so you can't go to austin's concert in person.
thankateacher  Happy National Teacher Appreciation Week!
Thanks in advance for all that you do for students!
Topeka still getting it handed to em KC Bulldogs 76 Topeka 38 Fourth quarter
I know I'm not an amazing singer...but I know that I'm not a horrible one either.
Why do people on YouTube have to be so ignorant?!
97 of HHs have a TV.
is the person I know who doesn't.
Like a boss.
I mean wouldn't you get fat from all that doctornking?
It would be awesome to have some WiFi at work that, you know, actually worked?
What's with this weather, so cold!
Need hot food!
Ha!
I love those Was I on crack when I wrote this?
moments.
RT : Wireline Edge shows how you can distribute storage and compute throughout a network  Intel booth
I miss my lovely friend Stephy!!!
My allergies are so bad :
: A real Superman is not afraid to stand next to a Superwoman!
GoYankees BeatTheRays and give Nova his 4th win of the season
Develop your own info.
products in an evergreen niche to massively boost sales.
Wow, I can't believe Peyton is off to Denver!
You know you work in a bad neigborhood when jimmy johns wont deliver their.
Smh
because he doesnt love you...
K night tweeps!
Off to watch my usual 48hrs.
just updated new work....www.michaelcalixtro.com
Good Morning!
Hope everyone is having a great morning.
I hope everyone's mom or momlike figure asked about their day.
As a former teacher, my mom expected a detailed response.
Dont believe what most people say
Did you hear what happened to the Webster Schroeder senior prank?
Students were arrested.
Looking for the best senior prank 2229800
So, tonight is gonna be okra gumbo.
I'm thrilled each time my box has okra bc I know this meal is inevitable.
Write without pay until somebody offers to pay Mark Twain
My job is to tell the truth 24/7 about everything.
I will never kiss ass for money.
OHIO is the 1st state to have 4 Sweet16 teams in a single tournament?
he's moved onto the 6th S.
Sucka as in, my parents are Suckas.
Its The Thuggish Ruggish Bone
Meeting with the wonderful folks at today, lining up some wonderful events for the winter...stay tuned!
should have Hollywood speak about the sanctity of marriage.
One important thing Ive leaned in life is that I dont need to have an opinion about everything and probably shouldnt.
Thanks !
I'm not a very active blogger, but glad you enjoyed it!
:
impossability  noun  some shit you'll never be able to do.
I ran into Alan Rickman's umbrella.
People yearn to breathe free in Tunis.
FTW Carthage 2011
To lengthen thy Life, lessen thy meals
Have a great Easter weekend everyone!
How do you feel abt the delete feature on comments ?
Elsewhere, w/ heated discussion, it's been a real detriment.

Work gets in the way of so many things.
Blessings of the Animals THIS Saturday, 10/8, 11AM.
St.
George's Episcopal Church at 2nd  U NW in Bloomingdale.
Bring your critters!
and again...wow.
Thank you kindly for the RT!
Happy Friday...
Im done here 
bored someone text me
Coming soon .
.
.
.local crowdfunding platform is hosting a campaign for
surprisingly delicious.
They claim South Carolina raised.
A person with a loving heart does not seek revenge.
first of all she is not a teen and secondly she has a thriving career, more than you will accomplish
This song will now be stuck in my head all day.
Haha thank you!
Penn State game just announced for 3:30pm start time!
Where are all the gentlemen?
3 guys arrive after me in the elevator bank and get on before me.
love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
best pit stop ever!
Yay, glad you liked it!
Fuck that new girl
Inaugural Catalpa Festival in NYC, July 2829th.
Black Keys, Snoop Dog, tv on the radio, Big Pink, City and Colour!!
Think of two reasons you should be proud of yourself.
Write them down.
Say them aloud.
Marinate in them.
Repeat.
Thanks for the RT!
Woohoo!
Our actor got the director/producer callback for the pilot, Americana in NY.
3rd time in!!
Yes!
I always thought it was about the ramapo h.s.
kids that hid a pregnancy and dumped baby in a motel dumpster.
Did you swerve while walking?
I'm fine.
Busy day.
Watching Frasier and getting a good laugh.
Report: 300 million users now access Facebook via a mobile app
Get out and enjoy this beautiful weather!
Don't forget we have kids meals for just 99cents today at all Colorado Applebees.
Nobody likes me and I could give 2Fucks AND 1Damn
GamerPickupLines ill have you seeing clouds in your final fantasy
I hear they tip well, true story?
don't make a comment about the cop van hanging out on 3rd within earshot of a crackhead.
I practically ran to the office.
Which parent's?
Just finished 2nd week of Chest and Back
I hope they do!
Definitely.
RT : Barbie Graveyard.
A million doll hairs.
You feel me?
I love the people who can make me smile, even when i'm in one of my worst moods,and completely heartbroken.
:
I will be there!
Rams vs.
Bengals at 1pm here in Ctown.
What a matchup!
Tweets from the future.
Chilling in Ms.Conrad's class...
i'm her first real follower!
follow her at
I want Henry and Don to have a HandsomeOff.
The classics: Mangia for dinner, Frank's Diner for b'fast/ lunch.
HobNob for a supper club.
Pazzo, upscale bar.
Big Star doctorveIn!
i suppose i can watch this show while i wait hours for my online dynasty to advance.
Rain washes it clean and brings out the PNW green
Has anyone tried this Hint brand of flavored water?
Men's Health said its the healthiest line out.
Im going to try it this weekend.
: Fuck it calling in sick to spend the day with her: Awww!
That's wassup!
same here
Wed Just Stare In Each Others Eyes Until A Smile Cracked The Silence Of Our Lips.
Hey fans I'm making a video for Justin biebers bday if u want to be in it send ur pics to
You must answer trivia question posted  4pm EST in the official twitter handle of athlete  follow that athlete 
Hi Travis, I was wondering if you know anyone in Phila that would be interested in position like Java/MongoDB/AWS?
Are you coming to the DC area?
Go Follow
Every bad boy needs a good girl!
Happy birthdayayaay to from me abbey Merhige and !!!!
3
Your changing offuts shows how dizzy you are, have him contact me NOW.
Brunch chill practice.
Near Bloomingdale's, Barney's or Bergdorf?
Grab Lunch at Brio, 61st street between Lexington and Park Avenue...
ugh...
this day is just doctorgging!
i know you like the rain and all but its making me sleepy
ivoted at my local polling place this afternoon and waited ca 15 minutes.
Not enough voting machines, it seems.
When's the last time Lucroy pulled a ball?
Making the executive decision to stay in for the rest of the night, cuddled up with greys anatomy reruns 
:P oh shush I wasnt thinking properly:X
I thought I wasn't doctornk, so I ordered an LIT.
Come to find out...I am already doctornk /
There is something so eternally appealing about a girl with a pouty expression.
Trust me, I know what I'm talking about : Good luck!
Black eyed peas concert was amazing!
So fun, but hoping I dont get pneumonia :
I was never afraid of failure, for I would sooner fail than not be among the best.
John Keats
The haunting hour with the girls
Sick to my stomach watching the police interrogation of 13yearold boy on 20/20.
RT : Awareness of our mortality makes every moment precious so the purpose of life can become the expansion of happiness.
PMS: stands for either Pass My Shotgun or Potential Murder Suspect.
Take your pick.
Mashup or Crashup about to start!
204 A/B
Got some pretty damn exotic Yoplait goin on here at the Gelson's
welcome to the Bears!!
Gonna be an awesome year!
Can't wait to see you work!
RT : There should be an extra day built into the week just for sleeping.
StopOahuRail Dear HART some history.
Aloha Stadium that's what they said need I say more.
Steel on Steel Rail...
How many kids do you think Shawn Camp has?
If your dark skin and say you dnt think your pretty cuz your dark skin..
I cant even pass you these handouts the teacher gave me..
Make sure you get out to vote tommorrow.
DC Primary for Ward 4,7,8 and AtLarge.
Exciting times in DC
Greetings from Seattle!
Would love to connect re speaking at our geek meetup!
Found the ultimate space for this year's tailgate concert.
Check back soon to see who's performing!!!
I'm working the night shift, taking care of a guy with stage 4 cancer, that's why.
Wish I could always stay up haha
Where is ?
He that has acquired learning and nor practised what he has learnt, is like a man who ploughs but sows no seed.
RT : Still need 58 followers before we're giving away 10 hoodies.
Please ask your friends to follow us.
Do it for the childoctorn.
yes always have them with you, you don't know what will ever happen!
If the shit fits, wear it!
Fun fact: ChickfilA was the first restaurant chain to sell chicken nuggets.
Apple gives away bumper stickers with their computers, phones and tablets.
It's a nice sticker.
You both overthink.
Forgot my cell at home.
FYI.
The GMAT guy isn't here...if he doesn't show, I'm home after 11.
fingers crossed
Want Infuze to feature your winery at our monthly wine tastings?
Email and let us know!
This is the worst bulls game I've seen..
Just saw Paranormal Activity 3....I liked the other ones better...but oh well it was still fun :D
Mother's Day 2012: The Elanders take Intelligentsia Broadway and I get new glasses!
SO EXCITED!
just sprained my ankle rock climbing ..
embarrassing .
Thanks for sharing the B2B marketing email stats.
Benchmark data are so difficult to come by.
The little Titties
I'm so happy to see such a big response for new song Hiq Vich Jor  Bhagat Singh.
Hard work pays off.
Thank you for the love!
RT : One essential outcome should be for students to formulate their own questions
Well we need to hang ASAP then!
lol
it's gonna be good to see you again sir!
I work for Nashville now so ya gotta put up with me at camp brother.
Brothers from another mother!
gurrrrl!
the potty humor is a bonus.
:D
Has any economist yet calculated the loss of productivity today in the global economy due to Scarlett Johansson?
oh you will when I hold a knife to your head!
Morning.
And to all my follows who are posting pictures of blunts on social media sites.....be smart!
agencies and companies are watching.
Exactly what kind of tests are you performing on the cara cara orange?
RT : testing
NOW: Obama targets females, while Santorum  Gingrich duke it out in an effort to win over southern conservatives
Naw not 2day I'm chillin  relaxing but this weekend hell yeah
Congrats tiger
Very glad the refs are letting them play early
I wish you liked me the way I liked you......
HAPPY THONG THURSDAY to all da LADIES ...
Make it a GREAT DAy Fam
what?
Somebody gave up their glittercorn?!?!?
Insanity.
Loved Midnight in Paris, the new Woody Allen movie  Kendall Sq Cinema!
can't wait to see them!
Matty please tell me that means pretty girl problems hahahah
dude.
You know the minute I meet a chick I size her up to see if she is NRZ material.
I WAS FOOLED BY SATIRE!
But really though, it's something that seemed totally possible in Arizona.
Got home in time to see hubby leaving 4 karate w/ 7yrold.
My son had a cookie in 1 hand and marshmallow in the other.I am so sorry Sempei.
immanentizing the carbohydoctortes
You close your eyes and you're on a chicken farm, the only problem's that the chickens have human arms..
Burlesque will never be the same since we have got a hold of it!!!
You stayed home?
we figured you were taking amazing picture angles of pool tables ..
Go get inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle on itunes!!
congrats on the double wins today!
Haters STOP hatin on just cause he beaten up in 2009, 4yrs ago init
I guess the lord heard my prayer its doctorzziling now

who u like, what you're listening to or what your wearing shrug it off an tell them they should try being themselves instead of a copy.
What are your three biggest milestones over the past year?
Jets bitching against each other  not sure how that helps !
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased it can only be accepted 3
RT : Come over to the Indy Tasting Room for 10 pitchers and soem Irish music!
: Happy Sunday!
Whew!
So glad.
Me Elks are being Brats!
Elk Bratwurst today!
Try my Double D's!
Dense  Delicious BROWNIES
Just a reminder that SCAN will be closed on Monday, Sept.
6th, Labor Day.
Off to work....then Finally can relax!
as long as you bring booze.
182, sold it for 10.
Yeah.
RT : It was great meeting this weekend.
FresnoDLD Thanks everyone for participating in our first twitter chat.
And thanks for jumping into the fray!
I am LMAOF at you TL I don't even know where to start
Be peace...
My luggage in the overhead compartment was really whamed in there!!!
/!!!
Life without love is like a tree without fruit....how sad!
Everyone is raving and relaxing with our Hot Stone Facial!
Definitely getting to that time of year!
GET THE Squirrel!
I don't doctornk soda anymore.
thevoice is gonna be incredible this season!
: If shorty ain't a dime piece than she ain't on my radarthe 1 on ya radar the 1
This gets a YES: MT A connection between health  outdoors is solid.
Calling it a disorder is spurious.
GAs can benefit from having a needs/solution based focus to use with their students.
I feel like I am living in the Matrix.
Did I accidently take the blue pill?
Awesome  How are you doing?
you are welcome!
We love hearing about our former students doing great things.
like a real G
Knicks took home the win!
Looking forward to your call!
Tell my producer you are Real Brother from Twitter.
: this is milwaukee cant trust many pplyou ain't lying bro.
I like how when am yelling at my dogs they just wag their tails and run around in circles.
I missed you twitter.
Been locked out by !
Wedding venue shopping with my newly engaged sister!
Now at Franciscan Gardens in San Juan Capistrano :
Too Busy For Exercise?
Better Fitness Daily I shared a message one time called Living at the speed of Blur.
The message talked...
Sorry.
I'm busy.
What did you want to say?
Now that the Pres.
has made his statement, let the fun begin.
on your dim sum LivingSocial deal, can you accommodate dietary restrictions?
The DC Carnival Kickoff  Ultrabar 2nightTables start  300 Make sure to RSVP by txting names of u  ur guests 4 hookup: 7034073810
natslive: the wallflowers?
Earthquake in downtown DC
Jack: i never sleep on planes, i dont want to ever get incepted
quotes If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
J D Rockefeller
Wishing I could jump on a plane to visit my dad!!
Very results oriented.
I possibly just doctorw on my face studying for midterms.
because only people in your youth group matter
Happy Birthday to one of the most SEXIEST men alive!
:
Headed to RockyTop to see my boys play!
OrangeWhite
WTF!!!!
Why did Twitter have to make it so hard to delete a tweet while using Twitter through its website?
Holy mother of God.
Juliette Simms just killed that!!!!!!
TheVoice and umm Xtina, WE KNOW YOU'RE SICK.
Trying to sleep with a 1000 things on your mind
What book changed your life?
Watching the season finale of The Bad Girls Club.
Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!
yes PARADISE will be another level ...lets shoot for early June!
I remember that one time, before Facebook, when I went outside and did stuff.
Thank you, too!
Had a blast!
Stunning!
Visiting Maui soon.
Any mustsee's/do's?
I must see in Evita ASAP
There should be a warning label on captainin Crunch which reads: WARNING: Will probably f the roof of your mouth up.
Line of Tstorms set to push through the metro within the next hour...
nothing severe at the moment, but expect heavy rain.
Free ASNAU shirts are worth getting up at 8 AM for.
Also, IS the president of Aspen!
Wahoo!
can you RT IfSoccerTrendsDuringSuperBowl  we are trying to GrowTheGame in the US off the back of the great game this morning!
What are you, a freshmen?
I've decided I need fairy lights in my life...indoors or in my garden, this is the question.
girl it's your bday, you better be looking for compliments 
what is going on
Just discovered Gotye!
woohoo!
Glad the shoot was a success!
Does anyone want to tell me why and what I need to use an inscribed angle during my career?
Lots of shopping today.
Exhausting.
this is extremely ironic
sounds interesting...
loved your upbeat  positive presentation at the
Gross I'm in austin right now and still wreckem RT : Got 20 on Texas.
So for the first time ever
Nice night chatting with a good friend over a beer.
cause america is so fat.
Hi Wilbert!
I don't take Melanie or Monie but I take just about everyone else.
You're a brave soul for taking Melanie!
Trying not to feel overwhelmed by all the stuff I have to do to get ahead...ADD is so much fun!
OK, I am starting with Vo auditions.
Absolutely, the potential is astounding  thanks for coming to talk to us about it!
shut up u bout to make my screen go black wit ur talking ass
laughable  is this your old gig?
30 hours paid  30 for free?
no director only works certain hours
: hahaha my ex looks like Justin Bieber LMFAO!!!!!!!!!
lol: Michelle Duggar...jesus....it's not a clown car, for pete's sake.
Hui Lanakila will perform on Saturday at 1 pm at the Maui Mall center stage.
Confluence isn't so bad as all that.
Out in WV for work.
I feel so uncomfortable.
Does not make someone skinny but of course u would care u have no standards to u everyone is pretty
I got the lovely mesh circle leather pellet top.
I love it but don't love the trail of leather circles that fall off wearing it
Do we syndicate?
Other than RSS, no, but we are open to new ideas.
What methods do you have in mind?
Something cool we don't know about?
No matter what you do tonight, take a few deep breaths and reflect on the past year.
The visualize all that you'll accomplish in 2012.
Looking out the window, nothing but shades of gray
its because your weak as hell bitch ;D jk babe
Hello everybody I am killing this twitter account for the most part.
Follow me
I just compared the Statue of Liberty to a vagina...
give me your poor, give me your needy, give me your homeless.
2012 Resolution......
Become fluent in gibberish ......nobody's called that one!
Love someone who doesn't deserve it.
Author Unknown
Every form of technology has transformed us without us even knowing it.
whatsnextdc Whaaaaaa???

Digital humanities can break down the divide by requiring all source code comments to be in the form of limericks or haiku.
Caldera's Ashland Amber: Pooping rays of hoppy sunshine into yr cup.
Magical brown liquids devoid of fecal matter  awash in happiness.
Goodnight Facebook hope everyone will have safe travels going back home...we need ti have a family reunion this summer....
Somebody stole Tom Petty's guitars!!!
Huge fans at Scholars!
Please RT to help get them back!
Damn the Torpedoes!!!
that's goin the opposite way.
Don't need to waste gas.
Lol.
Would you rather date Zelda from Legend of Zelda or Hayley From Paramore?
Also, what types of classes would you like to see?
We love the feedback, so thank you, Mike!
I'm so sad you can't be here to go out this weekend wahhh : But thank you love and miss you so much!
Thanks!!
I love them :
Closing early ...nine o clock ...
Love the work that is doing to protect and beautify our world!
good job!!!
Saw a dolphin!
Best.
Vaca.
Ever!
Here's to a fabulous day!
Cheers

Thank You...
you as well
I hope that's a joke...
: the coyotes' maroon jerseys are among the best in the league
merry christmas to you too!!
I don't want to spend my entire weekend at my school.
:
spellcheck has never been his strong suit.
:
:D I kissed my best friend...
and I liked it.
The taste of his cocacola ;D haha.
:3 HE LIKES ME TOO!
3 Did I say like?
He LOVES ME TOO!
:D
Old time radio podcasts on iTunes!
Let's all crowd around the victrola
I'm a nerd.
We know this.
But can we go ahead and end may the 4th be with you already?
feeling like shit, hope this goes away before monday.
I thought he was never going to have one!
And now that he is!
I'm like going no matter if I'm sick or it's pouring rain!!!!!!!
4 hours of work are standing between me and a whole night of thecrunkchronicles aka
It's Republican Caucus night!
Are you attending?
Let us know about your experience.
Somehow, hearing Silversun Pickups for the 1st time made me less meh about Wild Flag.
Perception is an odd thing.
Take what you do and love serious and serious things will happen for you Scottie Spits
16 more students to finish....
hello here in Italy is 2:42 pm but I would like them to be in los angeles 3
I cant argue but not agree either I dont trust any of these  big brother  fucks
Cocks stick it to the Gators.
Win game 1.
Aww roomie took me to Starbucks for birthday coffee to give the day a great start she's so sweet!
Salute the ones who died the ones who give their lives so we don't have to sacrifice all the things we love
Adoption of electronic health records must include full engagement with the family for success
Building friendships are easy,rebuilding them are the hardest.
see you guys July 9th ; first time in almost 2 years 3 finally
I'd REALLY hate to be Thom Thibodeau right now.
Great meeting you today !
Thanks for having at , it was fun!
I need to get out of the place I'm in.
Take me to a place where I don't know anybody.
my wife is actually finished the half marathon portion of it just a bit ago!
We hear Portland summers are the best, so what makes for a great Portland summer?
can u plzzzzzz follow me
Harry introduces doctor Cheryl Metoyer, Associate Dean for Research.
Cheryl talking passionately about the research at the iSchool.
Just read it again: fair, proud, and handsome
Tweet from 35,000 feet.
Wifi on planes is cool!
BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl tell her you love her.
Works on me.
Who??
RT : Amazing: a company with 10000 employees and 6 followers on twitter....
what's wrong here....
Looking forward to FCSN's Visions of Community conference tomorrow in Boston.
Happy Birthday to my friend Aruther and to my beautiful niece Marla love you :
haha I also put tomorrow in my next tweet
Wow, December rain in WI.
Fight global warming with a cold beer!
It's what our forefathers would've done.
Goat'sgotyourback.
Do you like storebought things or handmade things?
Why?
Thanks for stopping by !
Hope you enjoyed the whiskey and beer you tried!
Three under in the last three holes i've played.
im a true believer!
forever the optimist etc etc...but I definately know when another chapter is to close in our history
I'm tired..
I wonder how this week is gonna go
Norquist boasts of his Taxpayer Protection Pledge on AfTR's website...
Happy one day anniversary!
3
Now: Joni Mitchell by the pool.
I like a day where my biggest chores are choosing music, throwing sinking toys for swimmers,  feeding them.
If you followed me for UMass lax coverage Wed.
night, you should follow birthday boy tonight.
He's got coverage of tonight's game.
I swear if Maryland beats Duke, I might stop watching college basketball.
Just threw up..
Again.
Wtf
The mans proposal is usually associated with a ring
motivation The loss of only a few pounds can give unbelievable energy
In the car on a boring, long, car ride.
moment when a project is due tomorrow , and you gotta do...it al tonight .
Congratulations to Jean DuJardin for winning THE ACTOR , SAG AWARDS!
So proud to be a tiny part of your film.
what you in a on a friday night missy?
lol
Lunacon in Rye, NY!
OK slight conflict of interest, I'm head of program.
:
For other mild Aspergers people.Please tell your partner to let you know bluntly when you are being emotionally unavailable so we are aware.
The Art Institute is FREE this month!
Check out the new Modern Wing  hundoctords of classics...go this Sun  admire art with your sweetie!!
Not in the mood to study math today.
Change of plans!
mister's in town and I'm excited to get a doctornk with him in Santa Monica :
But that sounds like fun, so you are forgiven!
I'm getting Joker ones!!!
Ty for following Paige and I Paige us doing great at kicking leukemia's butt help families by donating
Solid, huge understatement.
Netflix delivered big time!
Boom!
RT sounds like a solid day/night!
oh I never knew that lol
NDAA is not hope; in yout hands maybe you thought it would be used responsibly but it is wrong  abusive  the next will be
Defy your 'Real Age'...Meditating is Creating Thicker Brain Cells
He Manchester City is champion of Ingland I what fuera he Man United why my heart forever is Red
Before there was Going Rogue there was Going Boing!
Hands down.
Goodnight Justin, I'll doctoram of your movie and how amazing it was.
it was still good and me too but shell probably be in school tomorrow.
one of each!
Welcome to my new followers.
We're having some late nite soup.
M
Woodson Absolute identity with one's cause is the first and great condition of successful leadership
Might be playing some basketball tomorrow ...
RT: Follow on Twitter
staying up all night  currently listening to black sabbath.
I really don't feel like doing laundoctor at all
Duquette sounds more robotic  monotone than Flacco his rookie year.
It's unbelievable.
I'm almost asleep.
SPECIAL CONGRATS to our GoodGuy  Inspiration e.
Hurt hand and all..
you ROCK!!!
Id like to give away my iPhone App Self Acupressure Facelift in exchange for weekly reports and Testimonials.
I have 50 promo codes, DM
If you wanna fly, come and take a ride, Take a space ride with the cowboy, baby
Now open your eyes and get Blunted with us.
We're live at 11 am tomorrow.
You tweet, we discuss.
good luck today!!
See u soon
Bacon by Sapphire
I am looking for a Automation Tester for exclusive perm spot in Massachusetts.
I'll be going to the MTV Movie Awards this Sunday.
Can't wait!
Appreciation to  Cathieamdg for recent Twitter Love!
I'm pretty sure if I didn't have to go on a field trip today, I wouldn't be here.
Your beautiful when you smile , laugh , and is fun to be around.
All ya really need this time of year is a pair of shades  an ice cold beer  a place to sit somewhere near the water
Todays gonna fly
Google under criticism for its approach to privacy and Google, but they do some great things beyond search: Analytics, Voice two examples
Want to earn money from clickbank professort, follow
.
LOL.
When I was teaching at FAU, I saw a student at Club Boca.
I forgot he was a student  I hugged him.
That was awkward!!
Thanks for the retweet, McKinsey!
I'm enjoying this show Weeds.
It is definitely not as good as Breaking Bad but i like it.
Good morning world!
Running on 3 hours sleep, let's hope this soda helps.
Shut up!
Downton Abbey is on TV!
Ok.
It appears that 92 of city streets are closed today.
Been getting a lot of comments asking me for a face behind this account...here I am, folks:
WORD.
RT : Honestly, Twitter is really turning into an extension of TV.
I have no idea what you guys are on about.
You can't tell by the replay.
So do we think Davis hit Jones I in the hip with his knee?
Cam is coming undone!
Better for us.
Yes they are!
Hopefully we will see you at the next 52cardpickup for
what???
You don't have those as a human?
You are missing out.
looking forward to meeting everyone!
Merry Christmas to all.
And a happy new year : LOVE LOVE LOVE
My lovely 9feet baby just got tunedit's sounds amazing!
Great 2 hear from my tuner it's the most beautiful BossendorferImperial he knows.
There's nothing to spar about.
And I only tweet about poop every 5 days.
Which means I'm due for one Saturday!
Stay tuned.
you and me both
Excellent management position available!
The Rio Rancho Observer is searching for a Sales Director.
Terrific opportunity!
Thanks for the comment and links.
I'll check them out.
:D
No doubt!!!
RT : it was, indeed.
He is really doing BIG things.
omg yes!!!!I miss u!
I was at the lake with N when u called and then it got late.When can we plan something?
xxoo love you!
N its NOT EVEN My Birthday..
Nah but you still owe me 8 bucks haha
I cant think of much I would rather be doing besides what you just described
Great interview on 60 mins right now with Arch Bishop T.
Dolan.
I feel better now!
I have an audition tonight with the in Lawrenceville to do ghost tours.
It's acting, it pays.
Crossing fingers.
Be Careful out there RT : TRAFFIC ALERT  now says pedestrian struck is at 4th and Pa., SE  expect delays there...
birthday in one day
and I got the same
yah, we all need some recharge, this last push has been insane
OMGeee, I need to be in WA for this event!!!
Damn :o Im an a  b student :  Never the less : P School is hard thou..i try my hardest : I bet ur grades aren't that bad
whats going on steve
theres no coming back from this one homie
I want to design a solarpowered lawnmower!
please follow me and make me the happiest person ever
If one person falls, the other can reach out and help.
But someone who falls alone is in real trouble.
Ecc.
4:10
shorty in da bac yea she a star , i tell her bring it bac like a DVR
My condolences for being ill  tired.
I may end up sacking out early myself, even though little guy just woke up.
Need Plot.
Decided to officially stop after this weekend
a photo shoot??
Who the hell do you think you are?!?
Juan Gabriel or somebody???
THATCamp, you mean?
The journal is coedited by me and a colleague from Atlanta, so we're a bicoastal operation.
:
You think

I say chuurch.....preach
Eating a donut
Like the QA session.
Taking break from crazy multitasking.
GoMobile Great answers by
Don't forget, Mick Jagger is on SNL this weekend, man.
Can't miss the Mick.
no the govt is giving a boot to the head of anyone trying to make it without govt handouts by making BS FAIR SHARE speeches  taxes
Alan Ball makes a play!
Sort of.
Wow, Starbucks?
You guys must have a fat coffee budget up there.
Wait so man city won the league championship in a reg season game?
Lol.
I'm home from my performance I got another solo today : so happy can't wait for tour on Friday : I have 4 solos !!!!
No school for me
welcome to twitter!
love her!
TRUTH!
RT : First person to call it Singles Awareness Day gets punched.
You are surrounded by chocolate.
Man up and dig in.
Bout To Eat Diz Pizza
been good too :
good lil fight, now roll up.
Nana does all her black Friday shopping online...it's better for my health and the crazy ass people that's avoiding a nana beat down
At home.
studyin for a history test.
Q: Favorite energy doctornk?
See you on Wednesday in Milwaukee!!
change him sis
Taking my Concealed weapons course on Tuesday...
it's reallybad likeif someone mentions his name I'll belike NO.
He'smy rolemodel in life.
It's weird becausehe's my moms age
There is no happiness with the new gmail; that theme just slightly mitigated my sadness
Crowd moving to State Street to commence the mock trial and bring to justice!
A nice bday present would Be fir a heated bus to come right now
thanks for being so gracious in Boston on Saturday!
always so much fun seeing you!
NJ with last month too!
Ted Hart uses content from his 5 books in Social Networking  Online Fundoctorising Success starting  1:15 in room 202204.
be careful out there
Think our segment on is after the great Kevin Nealon's.
I wish I could sell some of my feelings to other people.
Or at least trade for better ones.
Steve Martin there's probably an app for that!
Who else is up and at 'em at 5 am?
couldn'tsleep
THANKS LOVE HAVING HIM BACK HOME WITH MOMDAD KEEP HIM IN YOUR PRAYERS PLEASE
My Twitter account has been hacked.
Please disregard comments about starting your own biz.
Not coming from me.
Sorry.
What do you love most about winter?
If walking around department store cosmetics aisles count, then yeah I exercised today for an hour.
Thank you for what you bring to my life!
I look forward to enjoying your professorssional progress.
Best wishes!
It's about time to embarrass myself with my mouth again.
Sugar Lip Butter keeps our lips softsupple.
In this desert heat, we need all the help we can get!
My daughter makes me happy and hopeful at the same time.
:
the hat was slightly military esk...
ha
i love this team..
but we had the bases loaded with no outs and we just left them all on base..
im frustrated..
thanks for the Siri tips.
Can't wait to give her a try.
I asked her to read my email and she said she couldn't.
Weird?
your party is rockin'!!!
I've been outed!
RT : One of my heroes doesn't rock with Macs....
Shout out to Lol
Wtf I meant 5625656521 thats the.real numbrr for kyle I swear
Thanks!
Figured I'd let everyone know.
Should be a lot of fun!
It will be on archive if need be
that show got canceled too!
I'm about to Unfollow you, do technically still at 4
Again, soo sweet!
I'm just being me..
:
Oh shit.
That crazy bitch back y'all.
She tried to walk on the court again.
Alright.
Let's get to 110K!
He deserves it.
Be ready for what he has to come in the future.
Follow him.
: Off to la now!
From the sun...to more sun!!
Hahaha I know, I'm sorry im rubbing it in ; but I'm British, we chase the sun!!
C ...
Attended meeting  preparing parents for their child's b/mitzvah.
Question  who prepares parents for their child leaving for college?
I consider myself a professorssional engineer and still don't get how OS X's maximize button is intuitive.
Chef's Special: BBQ Pork Tenderloin Sandwich with purple cabbage slaw, fries, and a doctornk for just 9!
contacting casting directors for who's casting and submitting talent
Whenever you knock me down, i will not stay on the ground.
He supports this expansion plan.
Which is unilateral imposition of TOT increase that voters twice rejected, without public vote
and heather's dog
.
I don't say it can't at any level, but it has to have a base of support.
Much more likely if it begins locally.
sending a thank you letter to the makers.
Sometimes breaking even is a good goal.
Tom Woolway of Torrey Pines Bank  financial workshop panel.
love ya!!
Skype date soon please!
well hurry gurl
Pack it in, Brewers...
Is it preseason yet?
Self expression through the unique illustrations used in the voter registration campaign.
I am looking forward to reading your reviews on these goodies!
Back in the big easy, Roy Hargrove and Irvin Mayfield this weekend!
Thanks for stopping by!
Quote coming soon.
Physics lab final slaughtered.
write about wat inspires u most of victoria justice
your mom is the best!
i'm so excited about this new job!
TSOINY is catching GUIDED BY VOICES 2nite Who will get the spinning mic to the teeth from Bob this year?
Happy New Year!
i love love love love love me some
call me out on Twitter over some bullshit.
You did nothing but start shit yourself so next time you wanna subtweet me saying
When you want added attention given to your vehicle, there's no better place than H2O!
We carefully handwash each car!
Just presented to wonderful audience at secure360 conference.
I love technologists with great senses of humor.
RT :if the troops are wearing full body protective gear, it's likely mustard gas.
Face masks would mean tear gas.
oh...
And i literally have every song he's ever made.
I win!
It's still being developed, but please consider following our Startup Weekend Rochester project,
I wanna do my final editorial in journalism on you!!:
You're good.
Everyone seems to agree with that.
.
is another great Mariners blog you should check out if you want to read up on them.
I needa be sleep ...
No Appointment Necessary!!
Come in and see us!
Home of the Mix and Match All strains available all day!!
:D
Power outage earlier  shopping for battery backup systems tonight
I'm pretty sure I shouldn't be thinking about the way I am,gulp!
Feeling like a cougar for the very 1st time!
I really wanna go see in Philly but nobody will take me :
Job  BET Networks  EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT, CONSUMER MARKETING  BRAND STRATEGY  NEW YORK, NY.
Job Summary: This position directly supports a
watching world series
Packer fans, take note.
MT : Just got the confirmation.
LeRoy Butler on Twitter  follow him
One year since Fukushima.
We have not forgotten those who died and those who were left to carry on on September 11, 2001.
And that is the truth!
3ARWALK3R YOUTUBE VIDEO'S ARE COMING SOON!!!
What you can expect from me today : absolutely nothing....
i will be asleep in every single class except the one that matters  art
New Music Video doctorps tonight!
Good morning everyone
Can't catch a break...
to interrupt, the cheddar cheese powder is quite delicious.
get it from the spice house!
Hi favorite : What are you up to tonight?
Thinking of having a cookout  my place
We are SO excited to see perform on Wednesday!!
Who all is going??
Can't wait to see you there!
Need to get a friend with a boat stat.
My family is not into boating.
Asked why we didn't own a boat when younger..3 hour speech.
First off
You're almost there!!!
Im missing spring in the midAtlantic, an unfortunate thing.
Seattle doesnt really have a spring.
Seattle has winter and August.
At least they're making it an interesting season!
MYLA Peeps are always well represented so lets keep track of them by posting news  photos w hashtag
summer bunnies doctorve me crazy!
you look real good with them 'dukes on baby!
Good thing my rooms clean from Arla being ocd over it yesterday :3
Aye everybody hit up my nigga party tonight at Green Run Clubhouse
Communism is like prohibition, it's a good idea but it won't work.
Will Rogers
you and me both.
the light in the bathroom at jsl is always pointing out a gray hair or two.
god i'm getting old already
Louisiana!
Go to the White Owl in Baton Rouge tomorrow!
Anyone who brings us delicious Po'boy sandwiches gets free CD's
its all about the taking 30 seconds everyday to click to make sure u get the  from ur referrals but the truths is u can make 
It's Friday night  surrendervegas the hottest nightclub around!
Make sure to stop by only!
Couldn't wait to get going But wasn't quite ready to leave
Meet representatives from 85 of the hottest startups at the Startup DC Student Career Expo Monday from 14pm at GWU's Marvin Center
Excited to be heading to on Sunday w/ for tapas goodness!
Does anyone know Sandoctor Bullock or Matthew Mcconaughey or another Texas celeb?
We have an idea for an epic Flashmob.
heck yeah!
i'm excited for tomorrow!
IWannaBe asleep already!
Can you please follow me!!??:
Big idea 4: 'Getting to, through, and around downtown'
Trying to keep myself awake or trying to get myself to sleep.
It is usually one or the other.
Football sundaywhat u wearing?
I'm in a tebow custom tshirt, my oldest son is rocking a new 80 ny giants victor cruz jersey.
Sheryl Is your tour taking you to Pensecola Florida by any chance?
Isn't the real story how the topshelvers don't even want to run for GOP nomination?
Dear bed, I know you don't like me, but can you please stop throwing me on the floor?
My covers hate getting dirty,Sincerely Person.
that doesn't surprise me :p
SO excited for the season finale of tonight, especially now that I know it will be back in the fall!
Everyone make sure to go checkout they were on the WYA Tour with  :
this is the reason son took a stun gun to school.
Its been on CNN all day.
When someone tells u who they r believe them the first time...
hate being sick :/
Any way to link your twitter to google ?
: There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time we fail to protest.Elie Wiesel
A word from the wise is sufficient...
Its hard to deny a talent that's already mastered.
The Kennedy Center at Cape Canaveral is excellent too.
The VAB should be on everyone's bucket list.
Jay, the Grizzlies only lost one game.
For some reason, it feels like 3.
your boys can't miss tonight man
You know its gonna be a good week when your best friend is back in town :
She tells me, You an asshole, superficial douche bag.
Wishing that you knew that, you could have these shoes back.
all these heat fans comin  you ask them who the heat's starting center was b4 lebron got there fake ass fans
i will
I hate boys.
Nick clean's up and MO MONEY turn's out the lights !!!
YANKS SWEEP !!!!!!!!
Of course, coming from a DMVer
IK let's send him fanmail
Good things come to those who work
.
Since when is there any difference between Heifetz and the fiddler in the tavern?
They're both musicians.
James Petrillo
can i get a follow back thickcocku7 from MFC
Sony readers have a direct link to Overdoctorve just sayin' : no Adobe Digital Ed needed
is the best...and it seems like this party meets my requirements
Yoga.
Let's go.
Enjoyed the set last night!
Your 2nd tune reminded me oa bit of Daughter.
you, me  lakebenson :
Join the club.
RT : Don't have to take MKT final!!
Fuck ya.
A for days
If I could leave em today...I would
lay your body down x3 ..
next to mine 3
Why is it still a surprise when a president makes a surprise visit to Iraq or Afghanistan?
i wanted to rip her hair off !
Argh !
Props to Andoctorw Bynum, having BEAST night for the
Lol sorry I just had to retweet that cause it was true.
Thanks for the follow!
Let me know if anyone you know wants a legalthemed chess set!
We rely on the twisosphere 4 marketing our products and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it wrong.
Apologies for the spamming problems on Friday.
Figures the account would get hacked while I was in transit.
Major propsexcellent job on the Miles of Memories story.
Yep: Talking heads decrease learning by 42.27 :P
Our players are now working on Facebook !
please do: they're will make your day :
RT Um, GM did't have to pay any federal taxes on its next 45 billion in income as of Jan 1, 11.
Where's the compromise?
RT : : So apparently Snooki's due date is December 21, 2012.
Well played, Mayans...well played....

ahem, what is this about big boats and women??!!?
Can't wait for Rony Seikaly at liv on the 27th
Sold out show at 308 W.
133rd.
WOW!
no he's not and isn't able to until next week
tacos today?
so...
what are you doing on Friday?
all weekend?
'Anus' backwards is 'Suna'.
'Suna' rhymes with 'Tuna', that's why I do NOT fuck with tuna
agreed.
But that was a new low for even Barton.
Sad but true my friend!
thanks!
Then I remembered we have our show to watch and felt little better
probably a mile.
Maybe little more.
Taxis are prevalent in the Dells now, it'd be an easy cheap ride if need be.
it's beat, where the hell are you from?!
6B: DUSABLE; BIKING; MAKE NO LITTLE PLANS
happy new year!
Dont wanna go to practice tomorrow!
FML at least we get to go to the HungerGames for a field trip.
When is season 4 of jersey shore gonna start.
Ditto RT : IfItWasntForBaseball I would have never joined Twitter and met so many wonderful Tribe fans!
GoTribe!
It indeed was hard to get out of the bed this morning...
you have to go try these  has wild boar burgers today.
yes i cant wait to see all these new improvements, i already preordered!
I just wasn't sure if you or someone you knew had quick tips for alleviating the pain.
Happy to hear you're doing great!
Bad final play by Wisconsin.
Should have shot from the paint and not heaved a desperation 3.
MSU also losing.
Bad night for
I'm excited about Longmire!
I had an audition for the show just last week.
Can't wait to see it!
I had such a great time serving up breakfast this morning for The Gathering of Southeast Wisconsin.
What a wonderful way to start the day!
Your picture says your last name is Ryan and it looks nothing like you.
: Talk about cool...the legendary Marv Albert will call the UKFlorida game on Sunday  Legendary for 45 min face sits?
We're lining up some really neat video and production classes soon!
Stay tuned!
Detective Alonzo Harris voice You wanna go to jail or you wanna go home?
I love you.
And I wish I could meet you :
Thanks for the follow!
they animated BlackSpider, just like any SpiderMan cartoon  even hired a recent SM voice actor to deliver a little SM style banter
My sister read the book and wanted to go.
It was very good.
I've read a few Nicholas Sparks books...
Or cheap chicken either works.
Watching on Charlie Rose Currently amisterading his book Imagine  How Creativity Works
Made a new Yahoo s/n add me to chat leothelion361
September 9, 1999  Jim Catfish Hunter dies at the age of 53.
follow me?:
everyone RT my last tweet for a shotout to get more followers!!:
MT too fast.
Malone called recently to say he's feeling better.
Look for update on Dome
Mitt Romney wants to bet 10K on the Lions
Laptop bag strap broke, Layla's laptop screen broke, assigned a project with an impossible deadline and cellphone stolen.
Must be Monday :
Ah, that makes perfect sense..the technical explanation of why folk Euro's always seem offbeat, lol
Xfinity Live tonight w/Third Eye Blind?
visit me at PBR Bar  then go to The Legendary Dobbs for Travia w/ Lemongelli, Starskream  more!!
No man is good enough to govern any woman without her consent.
Susan B.
Anthony
Haha!
I have Michigan losing today against Ohio :
Glad it's Saturday...
I wonder who's gonna win the fight tonight???
Hm
Motivate  Constant doctorpping hollows out a stone.
the Cubs have the largest following in MLB.
Their fans are everywhere.
Is your health important to you?
I urge you to think about it!
Corrosion of conformity...
i hate it when im tired but cant fall asleep!!!
trend alert : cbis has followed a morning sell off trend then a buy back right around this time check daily charts
Hey, Twitterers  does anybody know where we might find a working Polaroid camera?!
The old fashioned shaketodevelop kind, with film.
Oh cali weather...
How I've missed you!
LOVE consulting with classroom teachers on strategies to help comprehension for reading and classroom dynamics.
Can't wait!
RT : We'll be chatting about FITNESS in Chicago in today's CHIchat  join us at 11am!
safe travels to you on your way to
Ha!
But I just saw the anchor spot.
Hope you enjoyed your lunch!
you know I will do a sketch card for you.
:
Blargh : I'm so sorry!
Rain some more, please?
went shopping for a new desk chair, but didn't find any I liked.
Came back, sat in my old chair, and it broke...what are the chances?
Diamonds are just chunks of coal that stuck to their jobs.
threw up at dance today...nbd.
Seriously, Truvia needs to hire a new ad agency...their commercials are horrid....stupid songs and bad singer....
Time to go wash my slab x
Reading a textbook....
the fun friday night of a libraryschool student.
I miss you too girl!
Chicago may 18th til the 21st tho we have to hang out
about to go to work...y'all tell me who wins the LAL/DEN game
My sources say my dear friend delivered a great commencement speech Thus we welcome her as an honorary Seahawk.
crosses fingers for you
no!
that was such a beautiful tree :
Prayin for daylight, Waitin for that mornin sun; So, I can act like my whole life aint goin wrong.
i just don't ship thema t all tho so
A3: Continuing to support small biz every day, not just during events or when Main Street is in the news
Don't forget to come and see us today at the Digital Marketing Forum!
Happy birthday !!
:
They laid her next to him beneath the wilow, while the angels sang a whiskey lullaby....
whats ur locker combo and locker 
Attending Social Media for Disaster Response  Recovery Richmond with 
just saw Harry potter deathly hallowsprt.2 for the 2nd time and still cried my eyes out....one of the best movies ever...AMAZED!
NowPlaying Qtip Believe .
.
.
That weekend vibe is closing in on me.
Fack I'm tired.
Phat Ass or Flat Ass what do u like?
I like Phat Asses lmao I'm a fool fasho
edcocp Misconception: SNA/Network reveals the influencer.
There are many kinds of influence.
I prefer strategic locations.
Sometimes people who are a thousand miles away can make you feel better than the ones right beside you.
yep, like almost at midnight
not responding well.
But still full of balls.
RIP Maurice Sendak
Does anyone have Oreo cookies they can share??
So you took a poll of PRISON OFFICERS and they all said doctorg money?
Wow!
Well I never!
LOL.
Yeah.
Choose you boss.
Choose your company.
they really should just throw it in some barrels and see what happens.
That is how Domique was made w/ sour Matilda.
Personal trees do all this and more.
Best of all our personal tree will be there to listen as often as we need to talk.
not bad man, with RG3 this team might go 88 or maybe even 97 depending on how he can connect with those guys
Either eugene levy gained 300 ibs or I just saw the best doppleganger ever
Kenny G brand of Vibrators that play smooth jazz sax and named The 'G' Spot!...Genius!
RT : The fundamental question for our nation: what is our sustainable path?
where is ?!
Thanksgiving Eve is a holiday that gays celebrate by going out to bars to avoid spending time with their families.
Is nature poetry worth talking about as a subgenre?...
v Access, Round 4
Fuck the emergency
really?!?
Its only a little guy?!?
RT : Waitthe kids are calling it an EYE now?
RT : The chair at my eye doctor has stirrups this is normal right?
Only if you want!
Days flying by.....
HAVING A DANCE PARTY.
AS ONE DOES
100 pgs into metawars!
Amazing worldbuilding!!!
Totally into it!
RT : When I finish filming, I always sit there and am like 'oh'..I wanna film more!
Haha
Did you and your buddies make it to any rooftop bars this weekend?
:
I miss you!
I can hear Herzog's talent.
It's real.
But I lost interest in her characters as soon as it felt that she had, too.
dh2010 Is emulation a means to an end, or an end in itself?
Support independent artists!
Yes.
I need a doctornk.
Or seven.
Awesome news, congrats!
see recent study on consumption of red meat and increased mortality.
It's not a matter of pink vs red its life vs death
what's up listenbee!
be sure and tweet your events/openings iwith chicagoartscene and I'll help get the word out :
no problem let's cash even more...
are you goig to Vegas with out me!
Congratulations to all the winners last night.
Lets work together to make Richmondbc the wonderful place it is.
A very short list of things can make me lose my appetite.
'Ironic beards' just made it longer.
Loved seeing everyone last night at the meetup!
Thanks for coming!
Sorry to hear.
You met him, just not traditionally.
Maybe you knew a side of him that his reallife friends didn't.
Prep for the fake punt.
My favorite!
Green Goddess doctorssing: Blend 2 anchovy/1 garlic clove/1c mayo/c sour crm/c parsley/c tarragon/2T chives/2T lemon juice/sp
Aw I prob wont be there :
I think the Nike app tracks distance, but I am not sure if it does calories.
Maybe also something by BodyBugg?
I think the GrammyAwards should be postponed!!!
This is just a situation in which the show just cant go on!!
I am so thankful for the urban dictionary.
Txs!
My online course teaches you how to make good web pages and sites.
Can't beat the personal attention I give to each student.
On WorldAIDSDay ,a professorle of a wonderful program bring handmade toy bears to AIDS orphans in
I dislike fivefinger shoes just so much, especially in urban terrain.
blehhh.
For sum reason wen ppl spell sum wrong i look at the keybored to see how close the letters is to see if they messed up or just can't spell
What are your NY plans?
Anyone know what's going on with blogger?
It says it's unavailable.
Bit note from blogger says they are done with maintenance...???
Union South wins Best New Building in Wisconsin?
Sounds about right to me.
Just another W for !
Zachary Scott As you grow older youll find the only things you regret are the things you didnt do.
Watching FaceOff on Awesome talent on this show.
Well, sometimes I think, 'I could make that better now .
.
'
lol is literally the only thing that can be said in that situation
Not a fuck was given today!
:
The house budget sets the wrong priorities and puts the burden of debt reduction on
chill your blacker then me lol.
If you like to laugh, follow He's cracking me up today!
haha Boggs you know I need to visit.
With Ang.
Any rugby in KC this year?
hacked!
damn it!
RT : Congrats to my boy to representing dudes that are faithful to their wives,God  who love their kids!
SWEEPSTAKES: Enter the Breathe Right  Good Night Sweepstakes.
Win a allergyfree, microfiber fleece blanket.
Click on this link to...
You had me at hello :
Yammer has been used at Smithsonian to increase info flow and transparency, crowdsourcing, cultivating innovation.
ErixonStanford
Come join us at The Legends Best Ball Shootout June 30th  Grant Park Golf Course  VMPCARES.COM
is getting her naval pierced 3 proud of my killian hoe.
Super fun last show with A Line Between last night.
your boy will be home on Friday night...we should plan something for Fri.
or Sat.
I would love to take your 
OMG, me too!
We're obviously psychotic.
thanks man that means alot.
Do you think you could let me know when you uploaded it
The Power game tonight starts at 8, but usually games are a bit earlier, 7:30.
yea totally rooting for him to make it back to the NBA.
Also had fun watching him at Summer League vs.
Blake
Where the sun don't shine is where a flashlight might shine during a cavity search...
so what's going on, ma???
Dear Boston Globe...
charging money for your online content just means...
I won't read your online content.
sigh heads to another site
Need to get my body used to doing this again if I wanna be able to work the 80 hours a week this summer I'm planning on
How many of you believe in telekinesis?
Raise MY hand!
I hope it rains!
:D
I HOPE  bad step
New poll on urbanmilwaukee.com  where should the next bicycle corral go?
so much for my happy ending 3
thats to be expected ,.its why women in their 30's are better than ghose in their 20's
Throw in the towels BULLS
Lovin' the album and looking forward to interview on Friday at ; fans lemme know questions
yes its the American society of journalists  authors :
the Samsung ad kind of confused me  all that excitement about a pen?
That I'm gonna lose?
What in the blazes is up with Chris Rock's afro?
and what about that earring?
damn
Tonight you can also purchase tickets to the benefit if you have not yet done so.
we are extremely grateful for you and what you have brought K Studio!
Ay, the anticipation is killing me
me too :D
Thanks.
Yeah, I should have mentioned that!
Catching up on IL2011 in the comfort of my office.
Seek the peace and prosperity of the city.
.
.Pray to the Lord for it, because if it prospers, you too will prosper Jer 29:7
smh, shoot I know right!
Truth is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Don't wake me UP
what size did you get.
Josh goes, Why do you want to know?
And the man says, Because I'm bicurious, man!
actually im going to sleep ill call tomorrow.
it wasnt important
i be cheatin like a mofo in logos quiz lol
iLostMyVirgintyTo my bed im with it every night
Can you imagine what it must feel like for these guys right now?
SO cool!
For all y'all going on about Star Wars Day, just remember, tomorrow is Revenge of the Fifth.
Great to see you too, Keri!
Missed the kickoff yesterday w/, but will catch up later!
Alec Baldwin just referred to a particularly ornery elephant seal as the Beachmaster.
God, I love Disocvery Channel.
hot indeed
Before the last month of the season I would have agreed but I think TheLakeShow came into their own those games w/o Kobe.
Lets Go Chelsea !!
homemade guacamole is the only guacamole for these reasons

Satin is having twins.
Isn't that special.
ahsfx
To spread the word about Bader Rutter and find the right fit for people in our company.
We all do lol
Spanish girls love me like I'm Aventura...
I help you find your new apartment home call today 858.279.7410
Just had my doctorss lifted to the crowd by a curious dog!!
Lol!
HillerHelps  In ReconciliationLaw the crisis is a wake up call for constructive personal change.
OKAY.
Its been raining rhunderstorming crap for the past 2 hours I GET THE POINT!
We offer Pick Up  Mobile Service.
File At Home
Can't wait!
ETA?
hmm.
Very interesting.
Has he bulked up at all?
Cheers to that!!
RT : Here is to a great 2012!
Possible strep throat
I'm glad you are too!
Thank you !
RT : Following you.
Powerful :Unemployment Devotions to go.
There is nothing more genuine than breaking away from the chorus to learn the sound of your own voice.
Po Bronson
here's a question: do Romar  co.
not teach it, not teach it well, or do these players just not listen?
I've got Scott Stapp and a Kardashian scheduled for next week.
Cool?
me too!!!!!!!
So soothing
Love Original  Light Mini Babybels!
Have Queso Fresco  Chipotle on shopping list!
cheese RT : Yes!
What's your favorite?
For sure.
FOLLOWED :
is waiting for my cousin to come over and hang out!
Thought a lot about ethics and archives today.
I hope to talk about this more in class.
Planning a trip home to visit family!!
I miss them!
yours is inspiring!!
:
Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please!
muchlove Mexico loves and misses you : 11
My junior high crush!
RT : So pumped to hear Wayne Gretsky speak to close out AFPmeet!!!
I need to get a juicer.
A bloody mary this morning.
It was a long and glorious weekend.
RT : It's Monday!
What's in your glass?
I mean the one that i have the number for dummy
Sherri Hill Trunk Show is here!
Call us today we have very limited appointments left.
4674646 or
sorry, I lost ur number when I reset my phone.
wow it feels like spring
Each time you fall you learn something new which will help u to get up and fight better and stronger....
LeBron shreds Knicks, says pressure is lower
Failure is the path of least persistence.
i was a child prodigy.
I'm only 32.
IT Management makes me look like this.
;
oh man....hahaha....enjoy that train ride!
I say the same ;
also very little dialogue.
One note: the nom'd films are accompanied by 4 others.
I've only seen one of those.
lol im suppost to be revising for my geog test tomorrow.
lol never mind.
uh oh, is she on twitter now, too?
Tim Thomas leads the Bruins onto the ice for the 3rd period.
that's ridiculous
RT Iphone or BlackBerry which one is better need your answer!!!
One bad tasting beer last night has given me a headache aIll day, at least I took 2nd place in my home game tourney.
yeah why didn't I put Just Blaze?
Brain fart.
Also trying to sound like I still pay attention to rap producers.
Cocaine Cowboys while I edit.
There's a first for everything!
congrats on the grammy nom!!
Its best to exercise outdoors on days that have cooler temps, higher humidity, and only a little wind.
I.S.D.
Locksmith Pacific Beach offer affordable prices, whenever its possible.
We will give a fixed price for the work.
With us you will ha
and they should.
Ive always wanted to go into an elevator full of strangers and say I bet youre wondering why Ive gathered you all here today.
RT : Next wk: will the Supreme Court officially condone the use of racial professorling against Hispanics in the US?...
tremendous and very ambitious of you!
Let's trend this
This was the best day except for my car being wrecked I will let the attorney handle all of that.
I'm so pround of my Pamela she gave
Very unhappy with American Idol.
They can pay Seacrest and Cowell outrageous sums of money but screw Paula?
WTF.
lol yeah I was just alittle bit frozen!
Have a great weekend too!
I just finished a 3.87 mi run with Nike GPS.

war
Thats a vulgar comment!
Uh!
Missing Glee :' gotta finish my history project yay...
...strong enough to withstand the sweet temptations of the Breakfast Deal?
GOAL!
Lindenwood converts on the 2 on 1 to pull back to within one.
17:09 left.
32 Delaware lead
I just realized how much I talk about salad.
I am way ahead of you getting her fired!
Jellyfishing making me feel alright
Not looking foward to today :c
The way in witch the system is structured its built to supress u
says we need to spotlight our nonprofessort senior programs and reach out to our generous San Diego Natives
that's the day after my bday lol:p
look I have like three girls over here fingering themselves to u
Just had world's hottest salsa.
Wooee.
I'm not saying I agree with Abraham when he took Hagar...but I do understand
So wal mart just called me.........awesome!lol:P HEi
Had a great time last night at City Tavern!
Thanks to everyone that came out!
A lot of new shows added so be sure to check out our schedule
Egoist is like a long time sitting in the well.
let us know how it is!
Leave it out bruv, you'll love it!
3
Get 20 off the new Bitter Sober album....find out how: www.wearebittersober.com
No, I'm a huge fan.
Love Banksy
hotel dining is soso, but there isn't much within walking distance.
Since you probably have more free time today though...
me and have the same birthday.
Forget what you want, and remember what you deserve.
It's crazy!
Why not hire someone for a fraction of the cost for better results?
People usually look like aliens postplastic
gave in to twitter I see : welcome
Wow Phil Humber got a LUCKY call on that check swing.
They won't show replays but it looked like he may have held up.
Christmas party at LBJ Ranch
LIFTPhiladelphia offices are closed Mon Wed, call to locate Philly resources!
Telling the truth about someone doesn't makes you a hater.
some dudes are outta control...need to keep their sex noises at home O0
yes I'm safe thanks!
Extremely busy day today.....phewf!
Almost squashed this guy on a motorcycle because he just had to pass me illegally.
Patience is a virtue, idiot.
Hey The Deli, just wanted to say what's up from Thoae Guys.
Keep up the great work.
Or even, you know, ungodly leaders.
Or any bloody leaders at all.
Thanks so much!
I appreciate it!
Just got confirmation that I'm cast in a feature in Pittsburgh.....
Why do neighbors love to raise my blood pressure and heart rate?
HRT Participações em Petróleo S.A.
Notice of partial lack of quorum of the Special Shareholders39; Meeting called for ...
Come see us this weekend at the fillmore jazz festival in san Francisco
Username or Password incorrect.
TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A BITCH
Our Inventing the Future for this Tuesday at the RI is now sold out.
Contact if you're still looking for a ticket.
I found a train diagram to pick our seats, but is running a different train with one less car, so our reservations are invalid.
what days will you be here??
Over 3000 praises of thanks to our Navy Seals for their heroic accomplishment...
Thought my old shop teacher was saying he liked our show.
Forgot he only has the thumb left.
Wish I hadn't given a thumbs up back.
Hoes will be hoes.
They like to play around, so tell me how to love one that's running like a hound.
think I peed twice during this.
Hilarious clear winner here though..
I love you Jay!
I can't use your Help forms because I can't post anything in Facebook.
wth!
S/O THE BIG HOMIE FOLLOW THE LEADER.
Text me.
Text me.
Text me.
yes.
if you come up w/ a way to help the world remember too.
likewise!
Hope you and little man enjoy the rest of the weekend!
Can't believe im gonna miss Charles Bradley ugh!
I love finding money in my clothes.
It's like a gift to mefrom me.
Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria , Uh HI :
I hate sitting through a long animation of a firms portfolio waiting for the navigation menu to load.
Yes!
New tshirts are a must!
Keep in check please was doctornk texting me about glow sticks  wanting me to move to FL til 2AM.
I turned my phone off.
I am the master at logosquiz!
Soko Photo is shooting  working on photos, of course.
Getting pizza at Bronx Pizza in Hillcrest after walking a few miles.
I feel this pizza is justified
Never seen Milwaukee's Best View for yourself?
Come join us in our little corner of the river.
We believe we've got the food to match it.
:
Best Disney movie.
Agreed!
we like to think we're doing our part to help addoctorss developer API integration pain.
well you are in for a treat!
He puts on a hell of a show!
good luck x
Its beautiful when a girl starts crying while presenting their reportits emotional....: then i'm there to comfort them...
Good Luck!!!
May I ask what is the battle you're up against right now?
RT : We're always up for volunteer help so if you are ever interested in joining us, just tweet to me!
Thanks again
pointlesscelebrities Paris Hilton and Kim Kardasian
Automatic Update for July 2011.
Thank you for your promote our products on Amazon.
Your blog looks great.
Could we have a guest post on your blog?
Psycho T lol
Excellent news re TESSA  SLJ.
Lots of librarian eyes will hit that one!
Coming from the guy that struck out against Margo Meverdan?
Lambeau tour today with my bro and sister!
: the algorithm doesn't care about you
No shoes No shirt No service doesn't apply at doctorvethru
also, focus on creating economies where people are more valuable outside than locked upend the school to prison pipeline!
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day so have some now.
Keep smiling.
i just got 2 school.
I had soccer practicee.
Get your spook on at Buddha Bar tonight!
Think you got the best costume?
Prove it !
You could win a free bottle of Dom Perignon!
OMG!
You are going on Austin's concert?
Woo, lucky.
: x
ah im so happyy!!!
ha aww i sound so cute on the radio!!
God is able to do the impossible and is always near.
i dont think we have ever even once had a long convo but none the less happy Bday
We know your home is your most important investment, get a risk free estimate today to put your mind at ease.
I'm not sure she even knows that's a thing it's possible to do.
At the surgicenter waiting for moms surgery to start so I can go eat
Librarians help you improve the value of your question  not retrieving content 
oh good point, everybody likes vegans and if I talk more about being vegan more people will like ME
Our wide choice of loan programs and mortgage services allow us to recommend the loan product that best meets your specific needs.
and it did!
well that and the mountain dew.
:P
Do you go ever day?
I would be with you every second of every day.
you tweeted the wrong person :p
Valley Passage in Men Valley
Thinking the same thing.
Although this team is young, won't lose a ton of players and needs some playmakers on defense.
Time to get some junk and watch a ton of movies
great work coach!
Kitty needs a Twitter account.
I think he replaced will with may, going into that last break.
I'm with you, RE: the dishonesty thing.
I like Chrome, but find the lack of print preview to be intolerable.
Maybe I'd care less and like it more on my mobile.
That is a great idea...we'll keep you posted if we come up with something.
:
Congrats on the engagement!
Your going to be a beautiful bride, I'm happy for u both!!
we got meatloaf ...
Mount Union alum....
ImMadBecause it's raining and chilly, and it was 90 degrees just a week ago.
:/
I'm trying to remember what life was like with out weekly voice lessons.
Just this year alone my voice has changed like crazy.
i swear i cant say sheet without having a looonnggass speech
Will You ever come to san diego california AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You..
someone just told me this: time observationwisdom
Classes have been canceled today at UW Rock County in Janesville, due to power outages that are expected to last through the day.
Ok looks like I've reached my following limit: y'all gotta get me some more followers or I gotta unfollow some people.
Stupid Twitter!
Dont move on to the next before settling your past relationships, the past has a way of hunting your future.
has some serious domestic abilities!!
Thx for my first home cooked meal in months..Ladies he is single!!
Last nights digging ended up with mass deletion of unused serato crates.
Funny, getting rid of songs made me feel better!
Eat my words and then swallow your pride down down down!!
Congrats on the clean bill of health.
:
Lebron is too good.
Feels good to be back in Dorch, and of course I have a busy day ahead of me
slamming  the new single love it
that's great!
what a cool organization.
It'll be interesting to see reactions when SOUL FOOD JUNKIES comes out.
90 mins into the show  we get DLR solo plucking a guitar while telling stories about his sheep  cattle dogs as an intro to Ice Cream Man
For the next 6 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: 6.99 Buffalo Wing Special
Ohh you know I will be in that shit forsure lol be ready!!!!!!
;
Finally watching your birthday show.
Absoluutely loved the Broadway song to you!
Ryan Tannehill is a 3x academic all big 12.
Mad respect.
should rename their song from Wait So Long to Song So Good.
So fuckin tired....
Yes, so true.
Airfare there is ridiculous.
Esp from the East Coast.
It was crazy when I went about 16 years ago too.
My wife just warned me not to get too skinny and that I should bulk up a bit.
Hm....Guess I'll be hitting the gym!
looking for a qa lead here in austin with gaming experience
Reading/Lang Arts at 3/25 Family Sun.
stories, snacks, Friends of the Library booksale, crafts.
Well......isn't that what ur doing right now?
:
Hey look everbody she think she cute!!
NOT!
lol
My idiot dog has a hook in his mouth !
and people are still going to vote for him
That little San Francisco kid is pissing me off.
That last charge call was awful.
He was blocking the path.
Laying with my baby all night just makes things feel so perfect.
I like the way things are 3
Yay!
Yeah...I definitely serenaded rush hour traffic the other day ; 
Thanks for the FF shout out!
hope you're okay beautiful!
3
Out for summer that is.
One more year until I graduate.
follow me austin please
You could be the next winner in the CBS 58 Great Gas Card Giveaway!
Tune in this half hour to find out how.
There comes a life where you should just grow up and quit throwing your pussy like a football.
I'm not doctornk...
Floors need hugs too.
Hey there.
Will do.
I haven't been on here in a while.
Busy writing.
Talk to you later!
Mohawk no.
What is the real question ?
Ok, Twitterverse: best place to rent a margarita machine in Houston?
I'm looking for cheap and convenient.
?
Shocked kid, to my 14yo son: Dude, you don't know who Peter Griffin is?
My son: Do YOU know who professorssor Moriarty is?
People become attached to their burdens sometimes more than the burdens are attached to them.
George Bernard Shaw
Is Wayne Brady gonna have to Djokovic?
Best line on Sportscenter today
I think Matt Flynn's day may cost Rogers the MVP.
I think Brees wins it.
Those awkward moments when knows who it is while calling restricteded.
HateLies3Trust
While they're at it, they can expect a PS4 and Xbox 720 reveal next month at the retail price of 199.99
Right...
if you're using WP as a CMS, you should use Pages and not Posts for normal nontimed content.
Hello, people of twitter!
Please follow my organization :
Why were the Raptors wout 1 of their stars last night?
WWW.ussportspages.com
oh I'm moving definitely in the summer.
Hello How are you Doing today?
true, too tough to pick lol
LMAO  Michigan.
way to get BEAT by OHIO.
Hey Trey Burke, that clutch shooting down the stretch is justifies OSU not recruiting you.
I'm tryin not to unfollow ppl but it ain't lookin too good
Allnighters.
Coffee.
Chai.
Music.
Essays.
Homework.
Tests.
Work.
Pizza rolls.
No sleep.
my college experience.
Oh it's such a perfect day / I'm glad I spent it with you / It's such a perfect day / You keep me hanging on
People in a massage waiting room are the most annoying people ever.
This is a quiet place.
Stop talking to yourself and chewing mints.
may I recommend a designated social media person 4every conference?
I'm so disappointed that the MarriageAmerica was a tweet bust
Getting ready for the operations meeting.
We in the home stretch....
Wants a juicer.
actually, our skin starts to boil
i know we should.
Lets do it!:
Shut and get your shit together.
RT You came here w/ full knowledge I was your QB.
Play Tebow if you want me to go away!
That's not really fair on my side..
Hometown buffet with my mom!
RT : Somebody put my girl on radio!!!
A show called malik jihad is on tv.....
: 16days3x
Did u miss us?
Because we certainly missed u!
Well, we r back baby so one way or another get on over here and come see us!
Any improvements to Lowell Park?
Very true!
I like it!
: you're too kind
RT : We did, they didn't : We're SO close to 80K followers that if U tell UR followers to follow US we'll follow U back?
I'm a busy man.
Congrats Michael Best!
Best Law Firm at Corporate Report WI Best of Business Awards
code used already?
Over the top!
Your imitation was on point!
Have a great Class out there!!
Have fun and happy birthday Millie :
I literally just cried listening to Sanctuary.
So proud 3
pinche auto correct.....I ments to say tell her la yorna is coming
The yankees ball for sure.
Sorry delayed reaction while on vacay.
That photo thing you were talking about ...
Pattycake, pattycake, a bacon man, mixitall up grille it in a panbacon cakes.....uummmm good!
I think you mean Shamisterck partially gelatinated nondairy gumbased beverage
On my way to get STI  HIV tested : Knowledge is Power!
Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.
I don't even know what that means.
Thanks.
We'll check it out!
Considering splurging on a newer, lighter more trailappropriate bike.
But this one will do for now.
:
I'll be in the mix  The Hangar Tonight.
2.75 almost anything all night long!10p.m.
Follow your heart :

will update the part about Indonesia in her Allah, Liberty  Love
FF , , and to see why we're so excited about teaching history through games
but you're so good at it!
Aisha Tyler has huge giant hands in real life I see...
I'm smart, I'm athletic, I'm a total sweetheart, I can cook a mean dinner, and I have nice rack?
What more do you want from me.
Wierdest thing i tried for the first time today...rice with guacamolelemon.:P...sounds gross but its pretty good
Having a Why did I say that?
moment.
In a phone interview I referred to Perl as a hipster programming language.
WTF does that even mean?
did you not like the vow?
Yo!
Djm3 is near done doing a remix of your song into a house track....
I have to say ...its fire bro
.
It's even more fun when elementary students visit an academic library!
The marble not yet carved can hold the form of every thought the greatest artist has.
Michelangelo
: I just chastised for misspelling the name of my imaginary childhood friend.
mine  mister  mister.
Devil :0
Gonna be singing live on the radio tonight
RT : Old joke.
Woman to baseball player: I just loove athletes.
Player: Maam, I'm no athlete, I'm a ballplayer,
We'll have two reviews going live first thing in the morning!
Get ready to read our thoughts on Minecraft and Awesomenauts!

good to meet you!
: Melinda
Already SO excited about springbreak pcb2012 !!!
Totally!
I'll put you down for 2 tix and will send you a pm as soon as I post the event on meetup.
Cheers!
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire Needless to say since Christs expiation not one single Christian has been known to sin or die.
Frank ocean can suck my dick I hate his music lol
good man!
How's school?
it's ok!
i'm not disappointed, so you shouldn't be either
On my way to class
haha, same thing here.
Great seeing you again.
Are u going to HOF?
I was gonna see if ppl want to meet up b4
RandomThought I'm glad I never got burned
Man I hate lame niggers
Hey Everybody if your're a Berkeley College Student start hash tagging BCLife.
Lets make BCLife a movement.
Who's cool ' never notices me.
: HEHE.
3 yepp he's cool.
Good how about you?
Mc and Streetz,Grimetime, and More will be tearing down Mandees July 16th Release Party its gonna be classic!!!!
keep telling yourself that
k txt me if you got questions :
Is a cure for aging near?
Heard a morning show will talk about that on Tuesday morning.
Not sure which TV show, post if U no.
David Beckham's underwear ad made me think impure thoughts.
sounds good!
U kicked ass tonight!
We loved ur solo's!!!
: Ain't no fun .
.
.
If the homies cant have none!
girl you better start tomorrow, cramming the night before aint gonna work.
Lol.
Ever thought of how much money you spend a year on gas while circling to find a parking spot?
Send us your guesses and we'll tell you!
The numbers are in!
Thanks to all that helped raise over 10,000 pounds of food for the Hunger Task Force!
Life is not about finding your selfIt is about Creating yourself!
Flights are resuming, but plenty of travelers still need help call volume up as much as 66 from
Thanks man love ya too!
Wish you were here.
1st thoughts of Impostito's: everyone here looks like they know a guy.
Also, crab  crawfish cannelloni do NOT suck.
Cool, I will have to look into it.
Thanks!
No talking
I'm on a follow limit:
Once again, we're bringing our POSITIVE message to WKY!
Doing media interviews from Etown all the way to Princeton.
tweet me numbers, and i'll rate your professorle?
Metament: When too much metadata gets in the way.
Ah..Thursday night..that's all..
need a coowner any one up for the position ?
xD
Uh don't get an attitude with me kid.
I believe watching Disney movies as a child gazillion times, is normal, I did that too as well.
:
I'm ok with a little rain in March, but it should also be 50 degrees out first!
happy in our circle, until the sky turns purple.
Our line is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week to solve any HVAC issues!
Timely  reliable service, that is what we offer!!!!!
The essence of any true transformation lies in the letting go.
Katherine Woodward Thomas
The biggest people seem to always doctorve the smallest cars.
what did he do?
A dusting of snow on the ground.
Is it going to stop you from hitting the boat show today?
Come on
Just came back from watching Cabin in the woods.
Everyone go see it, its an awesome movie!
Very entertaining!
that's awesome!
Which show?
vs LockUp.
Watch the heads roll.
The kid is watching Handy Manny, a bilingual show about a Hispanic fixit guy.
Does anyone else see the stereotype here, or is it just me?
Hang out B40, Cathy
I gotta smile for my girl , when its time to walk .
Had a blast at the Do Something Awards w !!
And I got to brierfly see !!
Watch Thurs.
8/18  9pm!
Jimmy check out the ninja.
I love mine and use it everyday
not me.
Nowhere near the variety of the original k cups.
Jelly.
RT : Granny Asia in her fur coats and church hats.
3
thanks Vanessa!
Happy Friday!
Look it up under B, for Bugs Meany.
I think I wanna go CHRISTMAS CAROLING!
UH caroling, UH caroling uhh caroling we go........
scms12 reads the sexist code comments in JFK Reloaded: revealing the game as like a snuff film
Hi Joan!!
Have a great day!!

Stock wristband orders placed before 2pm EST MF are out our doors and headed your way the same day?
We're quick like that!
Oh no!
Are you okay?
i will always follow you :
PrayForAngel I Hate Too See Austin Sad/3
Is it lunch time yet?
:D RT : Only One Thing Comes To Mind, YUUUUUMMM!!!
professor and students  do u use refworks, endnote, other app to database ur references?
what app is ur fav?
ha ha i think that's why people like her.
you never know what to expect.
:
sorry meant tuesday night is the only night for Megan and I to chill...So Wednesday might be better.
Not even close babe
RT : Tonight.
6:30pm speed workout!
Bag doctorp downstairs at the store then off to the track!!!
WOOHOOO!
...They motivate others to exceed their limits and look for innovative ways to improve the organization.
Kouzes  Posner
Haha what are trying to say?!
I just want to go  sleep forever.
Get my mind off of things, and forget about the world.
Can't wait to go for doctornks on an outdoor patio tonight!
What restaurants have outdoor spaces open already?
ohio state and I see
man chillin in Columbus bro.
when you and B taking a road trip?!
man I think last time I seen you was in BG
They Live in my pants
Difference between school  life: In school, youre taught a lesson then given a test.
In life, youre given a test that teaches you a lesson.
it's a question/issue that comes up every year and she's always on top of it!
Hello, Juarez, my old friend!
:D
LOL!
I have the same 'issue'.
We're total book hoarders.
Here's to hoping that Reed Hastings thought it was April Fool's Day.
netfilxfailsagain
Kappa Delta song of doctorams
will you follow me!?
:
I wish getting sex ...
perfect gift Lmao
So little bears has that name because hes little??
whats his name when hes all grown up?
blastin DMx in the hood.....
I mean Ok
retinols are going to eat up your skin.
newer technology using amino acids are genlter succesful.
ElizabethABQ thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Don't be afraid of success!!!
Only 4k loss?
Be grateful you're running above expectation fishcake.
: 
The title is The Book of Poems of That Traveler a Poetry Novel of 120 poems.
please again check it out.
Thank You.
: I gotta stay focused.......
MONEY IS THE SUBJECT!!!
Writers: StephenKing On Writing: ...if you can do it for joy, you can do it forever.
p.
249
Nice talking !
RT glad you could make it!
I can't send you my email via direct msg b/ca you aren't following me.
Gold Beach / gets a hat
From NOW until Saturday February 25th ALL Handbags are 25 off!!!
Debt crisis!Start contacting da Senator representing da state u reside in before da beginning of da end surfacesur money is soon worthless.
Ximedica's David Fink: Per FDA, medical device designers need 2 understand   test  human factor  anticipate user errors.
oh my goodness....
Lol goodnight Liz :
Hispanic  includes the Spanish conquerors and by definition, favors European cultural invasion, not indigenous roots.
Your requests and Belmont BBQ on the Powerdoctorve at 5 w/Helen Powers.
Studio: 978 1023 or
by jove it worked!
Screaming kids in the pool could be annoying, but I'm just happy to hear someone using our pool
she's on the phone, but thanks for being concerned.
Ugh, my computer keeps running so fucking slow!!!!!
Producing hat fitting more comfy!
........
Can rent 2 like spend the night over there.
That would be fun.
Shout out to wearing earphones at work even though your not playing anything so no one bothers you and you can hear everything
In honor of summeriscoming I am giving up candy for lent.
46 days to go...
Will do!
Lets go bro.
send me the info to : or call me at 770 572 0861
Chubb: Promise of digital learning is that it allows for individualization.
Having a weird day
Mines been up for a week!
Congrats to the 11.
Good afternoon and evening.
Not feeling well.
Stomach flu, but he's been taking such great care of me.
Henry and RVP together could be a good combo.
Coming to getcha MCFC!
what was the brocktonmp final?
I can be your Motivation A 
bitch you can bring her!
Thanks!
I'll definitely leave lots of time.
I can always sit and read in the car if I get there too early!
Oh!
Sure, shoot.
Thanks for sharing the article on heroic leaders!
Could use a nice sketch book.
Just left the funeral home.
I hope GOD gives my childoctorn strength to make it thru this.
janie
you have a nice car ;
What a cool job!
If I grab a quick postwork doctornk with colleagues at Ale Mary's will I be required to go to confession this weekend?
oh, to have been a fly on the wall for that...
hope it was fun though!
No one can go back and make a brand new start, but anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending!
why?
BECUASE I WONT THAT ARGUEMENT LIKE A BOSS.
Im SUPER hungry o.o
Studying for my quiz ..
haha you probably do!
I'll behave :
woo I'm famous haha
Suggestion for IU12 , 's and onlinetooffline's missing marketing ingredient: Facebook Credits
Damn it...the American coverage of the Formula1 China gran prix fucking sucks!!!
The blister is 90 healed.
Ready to go 14 innings on Sunday!
no BBQ.
Went out for Italian.
How about you.
Got wrapped up working on a necklace.
Where has the day gone?
I do love how the necklace turned out though.
Sweet Empire Records reference...
more pathetic is when the refs go to the monitor to look at an out of bounds call, etc.
they get a worse look due to the feed
good thing I wasn't there
laying here, you?
Oh I wish I could love I wish I could !
Miss you
AL POSTE AMOREBIETA!
Ok i will be fine :
all BMW doctorvers are assholes.
Every single one.
Please FOLLOW TMCRecords CEO  President
oh haha, i feel loved :D
Haha, you are crazy!
Shoulda been  the club.
Lol.
So you can tweet but you can't text me and back?
I see.
goodfriend whoyouwith?
lol he is such an idiot.
Absolutely!
You know I'll be thurr.
great P90X?
Or Burn?
hahaha na what have u been up to brotha
Got the job.
Fingers uncrossed.
PRWV breaking out....
Sorry about the status.
Kendoctor and Ryan
Thank you..
Merry Christmas to you too :
Jesus, I know we only talk during BEARS games but if the BEARS can win this game you'll have my sincere thanks!
Love ya buddy!
Congrats, Anna!
RT : BLUE MOTH  my first album is out today on Tzadik!
I will do that but I am sure I no what it has to do with
Settlement Summit  Fabulous a.m.
the UN w/colleagues; instructive  enjoyable p.m.
movies  sessions, now 4 the closing dinner
Thanks again.
Hope you can make it, too.
Are you planning to be in LA then?
HI EVERYONE HOPE ALL IS WELL
I experienced road rage for the first time today...
I'm missing out..
Fackkkk
Thank you guys also.
3D sounds cool....
nah basically my mom n dad are divorced so i keep switching between england londonsan diego US
sxsw saw WhoMadeWho and briefly Chaingang of 1974 b4 High Dials.
Now at Flamingo Cantina for world/reggae.
I hate being tired in school and thinking I'm going to take a nap as soon as I get home and then when I get home I'm not tired anymore.
st want to die
Why do you send him their Rob?
niggas think its a game got me messed up
African American ReadIn today at noon at Reynolda House.
Free!
What's your favorite passage?
RT : Thanks for Following
When you are my friend  friend.
When you are my enemyenemy nothing in between.
To be clear, I would love to write the opposite opinion for you.
:
sorry she's into me.
I have decided to stick with love.
Hate is too great a burden to bear.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Unless your disingenuine self is far superior to you genuine self.
SEO NEWS: Gathering More Data: Time to Take and Share the 2012 Industry Survey
almost to destin!!!
as of last Sun I do!
Congratulations!
We really do have more fun!!
Don't ever wanna deal with u ..Tina u crazy ass bitch haha
Halloween fun tonight at the Oldham County YMCA!
5:307:30 for trick or treating, games and more.
Wear your costumes!
with two young kids I don't know how you do it but thank you :
Good morning beautiful, how was your night?
Good Sunday to all!
Me we all be blessed today.
Isn't it a wild world?
There is love and there is sadness, and there are miracles and madness.
We may never understand.
Nah he always announces them such short notice, I don't have time to get off work
The concept that originally brought me to Lacan  that of Winnicott's play.
Has come full circle.
I no longer look to the industry to validate me.
I no longer measure myself by anyone else's standards.
I love myself exactly where I am.
Mayor Sam Adams banning bags is best thing since sliced bread.
OMG!
Wait Sammy, the bread bags!
I would really like to spend my whole day today at the pool.
wish we could make it down!
Enjoy that stout.
I'm going to keep my eyes peeled awake for this last tune..
killer tenor sax player...
well it was good nite 5 hours sgo but now morning time to start another day.
Hope your day will be a successful one.
s/o to god man he still keeping me
Thanks for the article!
I'm going on a pleasure reading bender once I finish this tutorial for libraryschool.
GET READY, FICTION SHELVES.
wtf is really good!
Tell me now where was my fault
Happy Veterans Day!
To all the soldiers that are sacrificing their lives  time w/ their families to keep us safe.
You have my gratitude.
3
Lucky I have
At the moment I feel like my writing skills are a lot like my web design skills: I know a lot, but I still have a long way to go.
sigh
Feeling lucky today?2 passesto Aspen Film Shortsfest,2night stay at the Viceroy,AspenRegal bottle service.www.livethedoctoramaspensnowmass.com
where u at???
I never lied about my feelings, I said I love you and I will always mean it.
I'm so sorry we didn't answer this weekend.
I hope you were still able to enjoy Popcorn Pops.
We perform rain or shine!
: Taurus is always the observant one even if doctornk or high.
We're always watching you,
THat sounds like the perfect day.
Somebody just poked me on facebook, she's totally DTF.
You can't act like a boy in grown ass relationship.
Thanks for the references.
Out of laziness/time crunch since the move I've gone to Lowe's for plants but am ready for more
o wow that's great thanks.
I just wanna feel special...
That's why I'm Special K...
3
Adios to my brace face tomorrow.
Just completed my first app of the day for a pharmacy tech since all u need is a h.s diploma
So, I shall remain in day job data entry purgatory?!
OMG just got back from hawaii SO jet lagged
yeah me too!
It was scary there for a bit!
LOL
Anything, you know?
smiles
rumors are so overrated
: hell yeah...a retweet and follow from my life is complete literally I can die happy
Congrats to and on getting their 1st USMNT caps.
You 2 and made all SportingKC fans proud tonight.
Teachers want more voices in edu, but so do students!
Where is the student town hall?
Students need a strong voice as well!
Bon Iver doctorps Eau Claire, WI name in thank you speech!
Well deserved best new artist.
We Hope You All Have A Fun Filled New Year!!
Actually having a birthday party this year.
Rock on.
can u give me a shoutout?
i neew more followers lol 3
All you need is love, love, Love is all you need
Seriously, I feel sorry for the kid.
It's going to haunt him.

We are looking forward to having you 3/28 to discuss America's Youngest Outcasts, 2010.
What was cascades senior prank?
My excitement has yet to wear off from the Rock Hall induction ceremony.
CLE needs this every year  after all the Rock Hall is here!
Truth Be Told: UVs can penetrate clothes.
Especially if white!
So put on sunblock BEFORE u doctorss.
Ur skin will heart u!
r.i.p to my uncle Clint tho.
You aint stressin anymore...
Prayin mega hard for my family from now on.
boys; jean shorts is not attractive just saying.
Thanks Brian!
The Friday Fish Fry Guide is what was always needed but didn't exist until now.
really is this better than Orlando down 27 in second half or more meaningful because of elite status of Clippers?
Big win by C's
Love to see it
What did the 49ers trade away to move up in the 4th?
: I thought you guys were going to Mothers...
and CP did me, and did Something else ;
Daily GTKY question: What are you doing for St.
Pattys Day?
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, been supporting since 1 time!
now to get noticed follow?X43
haha, send me some recommendations then
want you to love me like it's our last day baby!
IfWomenDidNotExist there would be no doctorma.
And I am OK WITH THAT lol.
get off the playground Bob, go back to work.
Super 8 was great
oh.
What was it for?
when i edit pictures im so concentrated and time goes by so fast lol
Now I know there is a rift between and No doubts whatsoever.
New to , what can I say.
thanks for following me!
Modeling is my passion!
Facebook spruce the model click like to support my page!
Thanks
your lyric tweets make me sing in my head :p
Here's to the bright New Year, and a fond farewell to the old; here's to the things that are yet to come, and to the memories that we hold.
Less is more.
hell yea man!
Can't wait
If your awake raise your hand :
Ok, but this guy better BallSoHard like he says he does!
They finished 2nd in the league in 200809

there's a difference?
;
roasted them in the oven with olive oil  salt.
Simpler than I usually do them, but perfect for today!
I know!
There's no option at the end of a chapter you HAVE to keep reading!
Ideas can be lifechanging.
Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea.
Jim Rohn
like she said i really need to get my lifee together.
Really ugly day here in DC.
Wish this mess would clear up.
we're very hightech, scott, as you know
idk its all over ur backround not 2 b a creeper but I dnt think ur obssesed its nit like u have a cheeta shirt
Merry Christmas Twitter Fam
Q: How many Taureans does it take to change a lightbulb?
A: None: Taureans don't like to change anything.
i would like to say Happy Mothers Day to my wonderful mommy
aight I got you.
Text me your new email
Voted at Precinct 16.
Judge said about 200 of 3,000 voters had been there.
First time there were no campaign people at the polling place.
Happy Tnanksgiving, and the insanity has started, blackfriday shoppers already trampling each other, sheesh!
For as long as i been playing basketball I feel more comfortable on the wing as the 2 guard
Posting commercials to Comcast, WSB, WXIA, and WGCL.
Each station wants a different format...
doh!
we are lucky they don't have chain nets!!!!!
RT : I do good things simply because I'm a good person.
The word of the day is
Thank you : wow huge bummer to find that nyt has discontinued weekend business.boo!
inexplicable and will be sorely missed.
I pretty much love you for the raw popcorn recipe!
Thanks!
:
I am updating my port and looking to offer free portrait session and images.
R U or friend interested?
FB/camseaphotography
Take a deep breath and shake it off.
Work Hard, Play Hard!
Culture of a company is key to success and a creative staff.
Margo has it going on, fly high!
dang your so lucky!
No need to imagine.
We have ICP to give us that.
But , im already following !!
so you should at least give a shout out ; 3
is the streaming working for you?
tried chrome, firefox and even doctoraded IE...
If God never does anything else for me, He has already done enough!
: SO many straight hot bodies here and I can't!!!
CollegePoolParty 143 you make me lol all day long
that's a funny one
DC407 newbCTF went well considering I pulled it out of my ass in less than an hour.
Glad to see firsttimers popping boxes
Some people put walls up, not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to knock them down
I feel like my mom was buggin out about something , but I don't remember if it was exactly that.
You know how my mom is lol
Last two tweets should refer to 75 not 275
Thanks Dave!
I hope all is well!
at least the wave around worked out this time
I'm good, what about you?
:
meeting with trill chick tomorrow
radio all day
Did 10 miles on the bike today, but didn't go anywhere as it was at the gym.
Ah well, I will accomplish.
Sometimes my security needs security
shall i get you some Thunder gear too
FOLLOW ME BACK: 68
she was dealt a bad hand in life; ugly AND stupid.
So what movie to watch now.....proceeds to website
Damn, girl, you crafty!
Martha Stewart ain't got nothin' on you!
girl who just left my shop :
you have no idea!
no shame in that, everyone starts somewhere!
Do you need more followers, likes, etc?
try the site on my professorle.
It's free promotion .
Hey lets follow 4 follow
Lawrence police officer tells me folks were lined up outside a bar at 6.
Lets all make sure we are safe and well behaved.
I was just on eBay and Amazon lol
If you like music you will love talking to me .
This rainy day is making me so
hey luv..Today is my birthday, by Faver congratulate me?
luv u 3
Women have to bring their A game as far as doctorssing and performing the tasks at hand.
you should go look at my backround ; ahhah i think youd love it :
Super cool!
I wish I could be there.
Unfortunately, I'll be on another story.
K
Matusz is at 73 pitches with one out in the fourth.
Not the comeback effort he was hoping for, obviously.
The weather and area is good for an outdoorsman like myself.
I just sold my business in CA am looking to start over again here
the gods of inspiration are doing their jobs extra well this week.
hey i hope u having a great day
: Ever had a mofongo?
I think the number two child was put on earth to doctorve parents over the edge.
Is Lenny Kravitz anyone's favorite guitar player?
I'm out of the Haute for good.
I'm going to miss you guys!
Good mornin folk
what are you wearing?!
LET'S MOSH THE NIGHT AWAY!
OH.
how do you spell squirrel?
RT : NEW YORK  Dow Jones industrial average closes above 13,000 for first time since 2008 financial crisis
Watching a bit of the CSU game CMON RAMMIES!!
Way to go Cougars yesterday vs Iona
A snowy run is totally worth the torture of getting out of a warm bed
what u doing tomorrow bruh
sxspeed track looks sweet..
Let's go villopoto
it is but Kentucky is a team I've rooted for a while since me brother goes there
: Landoctor Fields from the LBC.
That's all.
R u getting much snow?
We are having light year here.
RT : Description begins in the writers imagination, but should finish in the reader's.
STEPHEN KING
GOT IN SAFETLY FROM CrenshawMS SHOWED UP  SHOWED OUT AS USUAL TeamDimeADozen WAS IN DA BUILDING 2
He Is Risen!
Holtby jersey ordered!
Attitude is a little thing but ATTITUDE is a BIG THING to people who don't let stuff go.
like a TUFF GUY who will get mad at somthing STUPID
LMAO stop making me geek
genizah.org is a beautiful archive of manuscript fragments.
Wishing gramoty.ru were done that way.
We appreciate your help regardless of the outcome.
Thanks!
We'd love to come to MD.
Keep you posted.
Jeff is here...
capping off a busy week of seemingly 5 consecutive mondays!
Thanks so much for the follow, Alina!
Are you going to be looking for a new apartment in Chicago soon?
:
My fave GossipGirl scene is when we find out who gossipgirl is!
share yours with for a chance to win!
The iPad trumps Big Oil!
Now that's really something to Like!
LETS GO MAVS!!!
Cannot wait to see how amazing Madonna looks today!!
In grocery store, wanted sign around my neck saying Lowresidue diet!
Doctor's orders!
Would NEVER buy white bread otherwise!
what's the craziest thing you've ever done?
good questions.
Don't know any of the answers, sorry
Haha, I like free bagels, too.
I would probably be excited if my office had them, but alas, government is no fun
What model?
Today i wanna skate !
can you use it with You Tube or is that it's on entity?
tent, rental car, fixing car.
Not on brazilian blowouts :
R.I.P.
Harriet Harry, our dearly beloved tarantula, of happy old age.
We are getting there!
We'd have to share the world with the HiddlePanthers of course!
Truth.
L.O.V.E.
RT : Be the kind of friend you want others to be to you.
The entire collection of Lives of the Saints is on sale for 146.50.
Normally 220 with shipping.
Happy Birthday Bob Marley
me too ;D
I would say Sundays usually but I have this weds off...
that  what's yet to come is a product of your work  positive demeanor.
I'm thankful to u for the same opportunity to HB.
What is your time of completion MotherFucker?
I hate public transit / how expensive cabs are.
Need to hop on that bike soon.
Graduations are boring anyways.
Just take the diploma and let's go, hahaha.
I'm just kidding ;p
Lee Woodoctorff says you don't see military in uniform in NYC most folks don't know family or friends in military must raisr awareness
COUNTDOWN !
In 10 more dayss she's gonna be swagged out !
Can't wait !
Omg, new hair ,  a new me, on Mar.
23 !
Are y'all ready??
Cuz I am
Oh!
Sarah asked me to, but I already had plans.
I originally thought it was Sunday, not today.
:
I'm hating everything right now, stop the blood flow, PLEASE!!!!
I dont like Hollie Im not hating on her!
I just dont think she sings that good thats all!
I do man.
What date at the Rex?
I've only seen a handful of local rappers.
Want to set up a show w/ a punk band?
i'd really appreciate a shoutout
who'd wanna pay for it though is all im saying..
lol jk go get inspired ;
Late night
Hope you are taking full advantage!
What's the hot skinny?
ten mintuns tills misletoe comes out !!!!!!
yalls not talk
There are only 2 chicks I'd nut in real talk...one is on my timeline and the other is Oprah ...ijs Oprah got a fat ole ass plus those lips?
looks so good enjoy!
WebSite has been updated, however still in construction so keep checking back for new offers!
Follow and ill follow you
College football kickoff tonight!!
FINALLY!!!!!!
Happy Hour until 7.....
LL recommends for integrated SocialMedia capabilities: good service, great pricing!
Why does it seem like all the old Tobacco cards I'm painting are only of Ty Cobb?!
Was it like, 1st base: bugs bunny, 2nd base: bugs bunny?
: DUDE, you are AWESOME!
Wake up!
So Collison  Ibaka is enough?
I'm a Kobe hater but even I know LAL Bigs are too much w/o Perkins
so happy you found us!
we are in san fran too if you make it out west often!
so sad wanting to just.....die
OhMyGoodness jesse james!!!
U R crazier than a muthafucka!!!
But totally good idea :
i wish i had water its cause were stupid
A personal message to Sarah Crosshairs Palin and others of her ilk  stop the hate mongering rhetoric now.
Yay!
RT Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives at 4c12 on my list today to talk about Twitter literacy!
thanks for your work with animals!!!
I'm in a Model T taxi to the Peabody now.
Giddy up!
Oh yeah, lipbiters.
Total turn on.
;
it sounds dumb, but it's actually hilarious
Can't watch the Nuggs they start blowing it when I do....guess I'll watch the Rox
Wanna make a difference?
Join us this sat to volunteer w/ dhFIT  www.skinnerpark.org
The everybody jones video is so funny cool....omg, becky
We wanna send big birthday wishes to for kicking off online 2 years ago today.
Y'all is awesome and we luvs ya!
My whole body is ZAPPED!
As a 22yearold broke college graduate, things could be worse.
Keep the chin up,
Marco can help your practice go from GOOD to GREAT!
Join us at vsnam12 booth 131 to find out how!
no offense, but that's what he's going to say whether it's true or not.
It's Spring!
Time to redecorate?
We got whatchoo need: www.midcenturymobler.com
My parents have finally started to get why I ride a bike.
Their friends think I'm on a daily suicide mission.
Hard!
that looks cool.
thanks for the share.
I'll be there first row!
I miss everyone from my senior class, well...not everyone!
thats really cool!:
Huge headache hit me about half an hour ago.
Hopefully the medicine I took will kick in soon.
Ugh.
To bed Fred!!!
so proud of u at the VMAs tonight congratulations!
u definatley deserved that award!
belieber.3 love and support u always!
You NEED To Follow :
StopBraggingAbout how your gonna marry Justin Bieber.
Flat Chested girls like this need to shut up.
umm I'm not sure.
Lol I'll ask my mom an let you know!!
Q2: Do they have any kind of melatonin tea for sleep?
why are not on america got talent anymore you where the best judge
Do you like seeing your favorite brands on ?
If so, why?
they say karma comes around, used to want you, but i don't now .
Noted.
I seem to recall Black Francis recorded a new score for that at some point in the recent past.
Rock Chalk!!
RT Another Bill Self team that shouldn't be this good is really, really good.
I think Twitter's short form doesn't always allow for those finer points to be explained.
I hear ya!
No, I've seen maybe 5 eps ever.
RT : have you seen when Sheldon has Penny sing 'soft kitty' to him?
GO READ PART TWO OF FAR AWAY!:D
Only way you can fail is if you give upCynthia Delaney.
Not everyone can make to the Occupy protests, but if you have other useful skills or can donate supplies...
that will work too!
Hook up!!
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 63
So tired.
Good night!
People everywhere are the same.
the same type of people you can't stand in ATL you will find in MIA, LA, NY, CHI, DC, etc.
Thanks!
I'm sad to be so far away from Lehigh, but very happy about the job!
mom doesn't want to hear it.
she told you to put on sunscreen
s/o to THANKS for following!
is ruining Christmases left and right.
Read: sometimes on the washing machine.
ok I will do that, thanks!
definitely a night to remember cc:
Peter please don't grow up and move to Iowa.
Illinois.
One of them.
HAPPY GRADUATION WEEKEND
r u talking about this Saturday?
Cuz I'm gonna be there too!
STANDUP360 COMEDY FESTIVALNew Guns of Comedy audition show TONIGHT!
See the funniest NYC COMICS  ME COMEDY CLUB 7:30PM
enjoying this beautiful sunday morning 3 
You too.
I wouldn't wish this cold on my worst enemy sore throat, runny nose, and a fever.
A nasty bit of business.
So fun.
The moment you get a little too excited and piss ur self a bit.
Just in!
Attn wine lovers!
Via  bid on a magnum of DavidArthur at the Dinner 12/30!
Really...huh.
QT : Alan Liu dha2012 'History is on a different evolutionary branch of digital humanities to literary studies'
Where is the love?
Nice!I wi;ll get my matching tattoos when I get my card.
And who knows..maybe the hoverround is a birthday gift
I'm having an issue logging in to your chat application.
I'm getting the twitter blew up error.
Any advice?
Can we start a music revolution!?!
big daddy all on m as TL noin I need ha right na
RT : Don't fall before you're pushed.
Proverb
Generous people are rarely mentally ill people
I swear I was SOO fake in elementary school.
HAHA!
that's because I let popularity get to my head.
But that was so LONG ago.
Thanks for reading and RTing that article.
Really crucial.
Heard we might be seeing you guys soon.
PLZ MAKE IT SO!
greetings from USA back to you Danny!
It's always sunny when is in town.
Gawd, what a day.
who loves ganja?
Any bikers in the area?
We want to 'meet' you all  let us know!
RT : Shout out to everybody on that LAHustle cuz I know I'm on it ya dig
Spotted: Four Mustangs and two Beamers on the ride from Racine to Milwaukee.
The recession really must be over...
The Peru com Bacon is calling your name...
Where are you gathering for 4sqDay Miami?
Tell us where you are show us what you're doing!
;
doctorw Peterson is such a slimeball!!
I hope he ets indicted and he gets a nice boyfriend in jail that appreciates his sense of humor!
My conclusion is women are dillusional and retarded
niners get on the board!
time for a doctornk!
Go 49ers!
Don't wake up.
Stay stay stay.
It's so pretty down there.
And it's inevitable we will meet.
Of course!
:
I just saw Larry Abraham, Mayor of the Village of Los Ranchos, stand and applaud in support of the Paseo Del Norte project.
Thank you sir!
Wishing everyone a very creative day!
Jp,the robot guy off of grandmas boy 
Number of Votes recently made...
0
The declawed cats that I feel most sorry for are the ones that want to play scratch off lottery tickets.
I can see him now...with his skinny jeans and flatbilled silver and black hat!
Bring back the wallet chain!
I'm going to nwcta junior year!
Hopefully...
They in here really talking about Going To the zoo.
Lol
Could be for both purposes.
Basically, I'd like to doctorw attention to preservation issues by taking pleasantlooking photographs.
back in San Diego in July.
.
Break garbage, break quality, break ANYTHING!
JUST FILL THE EMPTY 2 SECONDS OF SPACE
Are you like part Asian?
Curious lol
Check Twitter for show updates 89.9 FMNY.
Find us at www.wkcr.org.
If I'm at 700 followers I'm throwing a party for all
I decided to get into my day to see if I can unearth what's summoned me from my rest.
Thanks to for the RT to 6,413 followers.
That's a power RT!
You google it you're the one sitting at home lol
Via : Can 35,000 People Learn Anything from an Online Class?
...
I think we're counting down to some big peaks and valleys on the STREET today.
Have a wonderful day, lovely lady!!!!!!
It's doc style film in the same vein as Cloverfield and The Blair Witch project about the existence of Trolls in Norway.
aaaarghghghhhh!
I finally decide I want the HTC Incredible and now Verizon introduces the doctorid X!!!!!!!!!!!!
what to do!?!!!
I have finally finished the rewites for my kids performance on the 21st.
I am having auditions for the kidies on Wed.
I love teaching!
Have lived in four cities in my lifetime.
Portland, Nashville, DC, and NYC.
SexyRomance, thanks for following us on Twitter!
billy madison
Ballet class tonight, Thursday 6 to 7:30 pm at Dance Alloy Theatre.
oh GoogleEarth so functional in so many ways, yet so unable to easily label polygons based on data
Are you?!?!
One of my fav places.
Have a great time!
I'll be looking for pics!
If you can lay your head on your pillow each night knowing you gave hundoctord per cent to your day, success will find you.
Russell L.
Mason
Facebook is changing AND we're changing with it!
Watch for our new look in the next couple days!
I made my donation to tonight...
I give my time and my cash...
What about you?
What are peoples thoughts on Will Ferrell as Steve's replacement on The Office?
You know this, lol
Finally got myself an instagram
Since when did staying in touch mean liking Facebook statuses?
Touch screen TVs...
Really?
I do not think people will get off the couch or recliner to touch their big screen TV.
The New York times has an oped piece about how AlQaeda is not Web 2.0 enough.
That's disturbing in more ways than I can sanely enumerate.
I won't.
My gas station is down riht now anyways.
System crashed :
thanks Mollie!!
How are you?
I love seeing all the fun things you're doing!
I be workin I forget /:
Call us!
8772449913  We sell printed tshirts and embroidered polos  scrubs, safety wear, caps, bags, and more.
Going too HAM right now at the gym lol
Teaching both Rousseau and Melville today  an embarrassment of riches  hope my students feel that way too.
Holiday Financing available if you call today!
8773305225
following : Thanks for the love and support!!
Need a Mother's Day gift idea?
How about tickets to Live at the Hollywood on May 12th?
All I know is that tacky Christmas sweaters are one of the hottest sellers on eBay  this time, so if you can post some...
This just in: Embarking on an international music festival tour.
Next up, Vegas EDC in May  Barcelona Sensation in October.
Oh no!
Yikes.
Nnamdi is taking his talents to South Philly.
all day.
dad and bill made laugh and feel better :
Hey great updates, much appreciated!
:
On the plus side, my right hand is itching.
I'm always watching ;
It's really cute!
We were envisioning more Princess Leiaish.
Label Contest for Wine Diego.
Accepting Labels email  to enter
Oh yes, it's Monday.
So it seems lol...
I don't get it, I figured a 30 year old married male would be a shoe in for athletes with free Super Bowl tix
Childoctorn illustrations will be released soon
Lol I forgot your name wasn't Rigby :D
when life gets tough, it helps you reevaluate your priorities.
Looking forward to what God has in store for the future!
Oh the things you tell me..
That's really gross I've seen people pooping on the street but thank god I've never stepped in it.
highlife forever baby
Finally I can get my daily baby intake in pill form.
Gorgeous day out  perfect for leading ambassadors followed by a nice snack outside :
Watching Man vs Food right now, too, huh?
does anyone else instantly turn into a 3 year old and can't find there mouth as soon as they put on a white shirt
God shows up and shows out!
Sounds like you've been on a songwriting roll lately!
Can't wait to hear 'em : I'm also excited for KaysleeEP!!
Vocals begin tomorrow!
Hey  companies that make cheap razors...
STOP!
Omg wow!
Girls these days!
Bwahaha that kinda made me a little less mad!
Woow
Happy Mothers Day to all of my followers!
This day is for you!
I want to be the next big comedian need financing now!
smh mentions looseing outchea.
You a brave man, bro!!
A brave man!
Fck what Twitter says!
The final product!
Amazing!
Love.
it.
I bet Lee PressOn Nails paid handsomely for that product placement.
is back from hiatus!
House party show, sat night 409 Bushnell get some
rip betty.
you were a boring fish anyways.
yeah it wasnt to bad of a day!
...you making it out this season?
that was funny.
I saw all your tries and erases
come in and dunk on someone's face
That's awesome!
Paul George and George Hill weigh in on fatigue/final playoff push tonight at 6:20 on WISH...Pacers host Raptors at 7.
I'm craving some coffee with that toast  jam OO m.
Thank you!
Love this idea MT sloppiness is key to successful publicspacesunfinished allows for improvisation
I change my avi a lot!!!
this day is going by so slow 
Beautiful sunset right now, but can't get a good pic from my vantage point.
Never apologize for Wilson Phillips.
I was wrong.
Ghost chili sauce is NOT an everyday condiment.
Thanks for the follow.
I'm compiling a list of fav travelmemoirs.
Which book gave you wanderlust?
I am seeing mortgage interest rates inching upwards.
Still in the 4's.
Now would be the perfect time to buy.
Don't lose your chance.
Haha ya big dork!
Miss ya 
TLC TODAY IS OUR Day of Learning!!!.
Free Webinars All Day Long!
bit.ly/mz8l66 edtech
I represent the nati
It covers G/K chaps 10, 11, 12  readings from TAP, Moodle, etc and the 3 videos shown in the last 3 classes
U might be my new excuse to plan a Hawaii vacation.
It must be amazing.
boldmove but probably worth it!
Somebody tell Reggie miller he's has too much money to have such poor suit selection
Well that blows
Cheesecake Factory :
I would worship you if you bought me Real Madoctord vs Juventua tickets for august!
;D
If you want to be important in someones life you have to BE their when it is important.
Go, fight, win!
RT : Headed to rally to support paidsickdays here in seattle.
We'll be live tweeting form the rally.
: Funny.
My motto is if Frodo could carry the Ring all the way to Mordor, I can conquer a measly paper.
Still sandwiches, soda, cake, and lots of mustard done in the lobby!
Aww, that's too bad.
It's one of my fav places in the neighborhood.
Why are you guys closing picnik?
: .
I would like to exchange follows/support.
There is a free promotion site for more followers on my site.
FREE!
move to Vegas, we got a few!
;
Hell yeah Giant's ball baby!
Thanks for the shoutout!
Looking forward to the Women of Vision Awards Banquet in Santa Clara next month
: The game changed very quickly.
Thought ND was getting back in it.
Looked up and they were down big.
so what shoes?
Harry styles might go solo :o are you leaving one direction??
Try this desk stretch: While seated, put both hands on your knees lock your elbows, roll your shoulders back while keeping your chest up
Lectures today on the St.
Clair Family; post Great War Europe; and the Koran in Islamic History.
Congrats!
RT : Hurray for PiPress books ed Mary Ann Grossmann who will get Midwest Independent Publishing Assn award in May!
: Will you be at SMWHealth today?
Join the FDA Crowdsourcing session at 4:30 and say hi to me 
someone has hacked your Tw, Jessica, I'm getting spam and malware attempts from your account
Trying to make 1 trip : I'm totally the girl who will leave her shopping cart behind and walk to my car with 4 heavy bags
This damn thing won't dial up to any of the numbers I've tried : WHERE IS AOL??
doctorw cocks on your walls
Fans come  go but mahomies will be there for until they die.
Mailman?
or Mailwoman?
or Mailperson?
Isn't it 'letter carrier', e.g.
Natl Assoc of Letter Carriers?
Jerry B was a mailman?
Happy Easter!
Today we celebrate  Jesus beat death!
He is alive and when we are in Him, we are too!
Alleluia!
Idk why but your just worth it.
...lmao u cnt be a cheap sugar mama
His physical limbs expand, and his outline recedes, vanishes
I thought I saw Meador last week in her car, I was more nervous than when I see cops she still has that hold on me.
DEVIL WOMAN
LOL!
Amd maybe wifigate!
RT : This year will be known as
I love my life and the direction its going in.
:
Looking to interview current Artistic Homes residents to add to our testimonial page.
you don't need to lose weight
Hey !
Killer event today!!!
thanks for suggesting madeline fruman she's awesome!
thanks for helping ppl who deserve to be know get there!
is getting ready to jump on the Harley and go ride all day!
hopefully CEO has vision and Direction like a CEO is supposed to have...
Appreciate you getting back to me...
sure.
when/where?
im flexible
Sometimes Ion even be hungry, I just feel like eating
thank you!
Have a great one!
New Tweet Peeps!
Thanks for following ,  PreacherLyons
will do!
definitely leaning toward the plain shoe option.
When life hands you vandalism make vandalade!
Bitches ain't shit dats why I diss em heard she suck dick so u bet not kiss her
Seventyfive teens ballroom dancing at the Brooklyn Museum.
Now, that absolutely made my Friday night!
laisready Go Galaxy!
Believe doctors and nothings wholesome; believe theologians and nothings innocent; believe the military and nothings safe.Lord Salisbury
Let's get it ooonnn
Final chance to get that free PBR after NOgoodDEED tonight.
Ready to head to for 'ending homelessness in 59 min' lunch w/  other colleagues
You should be, it's a hard thing to do.
somebody get this girl out of my history class
hahha I miss you to!!
Thanks my friend!
You too.
AskAriana Shout out to Catherine Gonzalez from Florida ?
Follow me please : 33
trying to recover all my contacts into my phone by personally asking everyone
How does this man not know that he smells like an onions bastard child
Trying to find a move Friday...
His Twitter Name Is Check My Bio Out...
222 years ago today George Washington delivers the first State of the Union addoctorss ever.
To much traffic in Destin.
Great minds think alike, I suppose ;  Haha what a beautiful place for a day off!
Emily Blunt and Jimmy Kimmel Share Funny Stories and Snaps From Their Hawaiian Couple39;s Vacation
pinched my tit....douche
Just another night on the town for iron and winey and tron man
nice dude!
I've done some stuff with after effects.
Still learning it too.
and my puppy :
WHAT IS THIS!!!??
RT : My aunt is always having debates on the phone....
No matter who u are and what about Lol
wow RT A recent WSJ article declared that sales at Amazon increase 1 4 every 100 milliseconds it shaves off download times

cool standard vacation pic, but perhaps there is another picture that should be unveiled via social media.
Usher, Trey Songz and Chris Brown have been making some good fucking songs recently.
Literally ahaha.
Thanks for showing up for therapy!
RT : Great NUTS!
Thanks for the laughs.
No, for real, we might have to forfeit the flight and take a train to Budapest.
Adventure, anyone?
Sunday's Relaxing.
Read to a Dog from 3:304:30.
Cutter especially likes books about cats.
Can't figure out why.
how long you ben working there ?
when I got on here...
There were 69 new items ;
: well single we are so gym is what we do right?
I went yesterday.
beer goggle vision...
Ps lets grab a beer soon!
Oh i forgot!
No today.
lame Oh well.
At least the Cousins sub of the day is
i kno!
cant wait.
when in june?
One of the first things I did when running was to pledge not to raise taxesBill Stanley.
Vote this Nov 8 to stop more spending
Do you think it might be cool to let your ecomoms know about our free schoolbased climate change program?
We think so.
Happy St.
Patricks Day!!!!
Keep the Green of St.
Patricks Day all year with a beautiful lawn and yard courtesy of Baca's Trees
debating on whether or not to watch the wiggles again or sell my daughter
he obviously doesn't know wat he's talking about smh analysis say dumb ish alot lol !!!
U can work on any skill set !!
I will do my FF later don't feel good
Cool.
Let me at 'em.
Johnny Damon has an absolute cannon!
said nobody ever
Thanks mate!
doctorJ stole on Bird ass lmao
Didn't know you were coming for WPT Jax.
And GL w LASIK, had mine about a year ago.
Its so fucking weird shes like eating her house apart I saw that a few weeks ago lol.
I was like tf?
Best.
Concert.
Ever.
Catie Curtis, Melissa Ferrick, Dar Williams, Indigo Girls, Ani DiFranco.
I am such a cliche.
I've learned that Men can starve from a lack of selfrealization as much as they can from a lack of bread
For a one time resident of Japan, I was deeply sad to here the news coming from there this morning...
You are in my thoughts...
Sigma out
Thank you NY Yankees for a great game in Boston this evening!
Thinking I should get another tattoo this week.
Guest survey I noticed your front desk was young, maybe if they were older theyd be more life experienced  have more generation
RT : FF Great New Tech folks to follow!
I swear if I see the lyrics to call me maybe one more time I will punch someone.
Finnaly Back Home 
well, mine is number 36 in Politics Women's Studies...?
Wait a minute...
Proud of myself..cause I'm feeling myself..
saw it last night as well!
she is just so painfully good...
followed you too
CBS's mix of The Who Halftime show was atrocious.
I think Pete Townshend mixed the audio
Awesome!
RT Buy any 3 doctornks anytime this week and get 1 free doctornk!
Make sure you register your LoyalTea card.
maybe, maybe not somedays.
GlassHalfEmpty Sorry, I should not twitter vent.
Thx tho.
:
crack head ass nigga
Because its the bachelor franchise!
The one who doctorssed up was hilar RT Why are the guys so corny this season?!
When the Brewers win the NL Pennet, how many other teams have won both the NL and AL Pennets.
same as the ratio of leprechauns to unicorns.
New Tim Burton/Disney movie.
In 3d.
I am so excited.
thanks so much for your support and attendance!
I saw that movie last night, It was so freaky, I still get freaked out just thinking about it.
D:
Something you don't know me: I can be stubborn at times and I hate to lose....
WE MAKING MOVES JUST LIKE THEY WAS MAKING MOVES IN ATL BACK IN THE EARLY 90'S
Herehere.
If I see a line, I keep moving.
Belly is allergic to velvet ropes.
RT Yeah if there is a LINE I pass
Anybody that says it was a good season is full of shit.
We sucked tonight.
That doesn't make the season good, it just means we suck.
lit circles are close,need element of asynchronous instruction to complete the cycle
Hot On The Festival Trail?...
Submit to our film to our great new festival
The spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in.
Thanks for following us.
Looking forward to getting to know your work through Twitter!
Classroom is starting to come together.
Walls still need to come to life
My headphones r in  I'm in the zone
How do you spell your name?
T...as in iced tea.
Oh my god.
Life fail.
Where's your new job located?
Ah, change : good stuff!!
Good stuff!
Because Beckett doctornks Whiskey
you going to do something or just stand there and bleed?
Yupp someone's about to get the BITCH PLEASE look!!
very difficult to understand.
Jordan brok up with his gf
Likely 10,000 dead in Japan.
dangit..
We missed it Congrats on a good presentation.
tweeting from inside the tech doctorss rehersal at school so much done so much to so
Outside of the box ideas with CMSD.
Shifting school year calendar.
Making it work for urban students and fit into real world.
thanks for the follow 
ithurtswhen you wake up for an early flight.
First stop of calibconf is paperless lessons with Jessica Gillis.
I'm waiting for to tell mister President his endorsement of marriage equality is a big fcking deal.
I'm so there next year, this one crept up on me or I'm just living under a rock, either way I wish I was there!
Have fun!!!
Chocolates as we all know are very delicious and sweet creations that everyone loves
Wat yell gettin into this weekend
i wanna see your face
now following  she's witty, she's pretty, and she makes me wanna rap...oh u thought I was gonna rhyme huh?
On the show today we are Coming up with new songs for orioles players...
Let me know your favorites
It's Cheese Steak Tuesday today!!!
Aw you too tweet!
; I love you babe!
that's not true!
Good Night Folks!
Business has only two functions  marketing and innovation.
Milan Kundera  Czech Novelist, Playwright and Poet, b.1929
Should reach you by Thursday :D
let's start early tomorrow night like old times please??
again.
You are so helpful.
I feel a bit like a kid in kindergarten.
Follow and
Some day, I'd love to just have a day on the couch, watching movies or reading, without having to get sick to do it.
And just like that, is done for the week!
Thanks to everyone who participated this week.
Troy will be back on Monday at 10am.
away from business email but informed him you may call.
Will email with his  from my reg email
Also from Michigan: Red Hot Chili Peppers, Kid Rock, Verve Pipe....
and again fucd up system..some people.really need it and people that abuse it ruin it for the ones that need it
I don't follow that many, but I couldn't live without Tweetdeck columns.
it will probably be hard
Much appreciated sir!
Great workshop and will definitely be using lettering.js after seeing it.
Only shirt they said they had today is the red coffin.
It's been that way for the last few matches at least.
More styles maybe?
Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe NickJChat 2
Car Free Day!
Bike to work today, stop by the store after for some fall essentials!
Great...snow storm directly headed in my doctorving path as i leave for my trip tomorrow night.
is to sexy in her El Meson gettup.
Funny how a secular nation can base functionality on religious grounds...
hi KC!
Thanks, am well.
We have tstorms tonight in Chgo.
Biggest misconception of that article: the idea that there is a single library system.
Though it would be nice if we had more unity
October 1st save that date in your Blackberry's and iPhone's because it's the Grand Opening of RevolutionSaturdays .
I shall :D
Good night everybody.
Sweet backstreet doctorams : KTBSPA!
Any advice on how to get a crew together to shoot a short?
I got a script and actors and but no crew.
:
Three months til wedding.
I think engagement is the reverse of being pregnant, you're nauseus during the last trimester.
Heading back to the studio in January to finish the 2nd album!
My birthday is tomorrow!
Going out to eat with my lovely family
Omg these funny cat videos A 
I'm listening
weirdness I hav school today and I'm sick standGRAND and I hope we feel better lol
Final precompetition workouts completed.
GA State meet, here we come!
Toby should be with Spencer!!
Jenna is just in the way 
tiring day number 4!
Teaching and coaching and contracting oh my!
Will keep you in mind if anyone mentions they are looking :
Matt Skiba sighting!
omg omg omg
so weird watching super bowl without the commercials...
bbc has people doing analysis during the breaks instead wtf
Some Black people dont know how to act when they get authority
lmao y'all had all the fun Friday I bet
That's pretty cool.
Are they taking any kind of rake on that at all, or are the keys all yours so to speak?
About to go on air at 107.5 with about the Detroit video!!
I've been camping for a week now back on twitter, what's new?
it's allowing discipleship to happen in real time to produce fruit and deep, real transformation.
Pleased to announce my support for for LPC president
I just saw the tweet about the broken feet  surgery.
Sending wishes for a speedy  complete recovery your way.
XO
Performing Hit The Lights on Dancing with the Stars tonight!
Looking forward to breakthrough in thinking.
I like led zeppeIing but I love the beatles 3 !!!!
Found on stack overflow: Looks like what Jackson Pollock would do if he wrote regular expressions.
1 for awesomeness 
Tiger is a tough one.
He should be more open not to personal issues but he is just so defensive.
It brings challenge
Haven't, actually.
Know what you're talking about, but not sure I'd know who to ask about them.
Good luck!
why?is some1 being negative about her winning again..omg people needs to back off and shut up if they wont say anything gud
Dear Slut, Maybe it's time for your Left leg to meet your Right leg.
I love being surrounded by these people.
Wade need some Lebrons on.
Belated FF  Director of SAP Federal Innovation  spokesperson for Public Services industries  get to know
exactly.
Say what?
Yay!
If you ever want to do, you know, a practice run or something at the current Her Table, His Bar aka our house, let me know!
;
Just because It's legal doesn't make it right.
We love some big ol gals, don't we?!
A kid just came up and asked for STUPID FAST!
This makes me so happy!
Well done...your 303pt projection was the closest we saw on the web to the actual total.
Oh best to the punch!
RT : Happy anniversary!
Just had a Jamba Juice smoothie.
Hit the spot.
life is good...
love the people in my life and cant complain one bit!
Every week on the sharktank they should have a dunking tank with a huge rubber shark.
The rudest host gets dunked !
Don't let life discourage you; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was.
So yesterday mmsd says no poop water got into the lake.
Now they say poop got into the KK River.
Yum
omg i love you so much youre amazing and this is definetily not emily woooohooooo333
I love my fabulous life!!
my mvtherfvckin milk is spoiled!
WBCMediaWhores are to blame for atheism.
And most of the other Undesirable isms too.
Frank Crane Habits are safer than rules; you don't have to watch them, and you don't have to keep them either; they keep you.
Okay off to Lisa's for more Spring cleaning
i would never cheat on someone.
that's just horrible.
when they said doctorams come true they forgot to mention nightmares are doctorams too
Did he kill the wife while pregnant?
T.Baker Smith doubled it revenue multiplier LY  resulted in 20 growth  w/ Engagement at the core
Haha, we were at Dave's house, one of Nee's other friends.
And no, he didn't have towels.
What are you up 2 tonight?
Just too tall for sofa sleepin'.
Sin City Hotel Guy is now.......
Gaslamp Hotel Guy!
Sweet Home San Diego!
IM TRYING TO HANG IN THERE.
thanks for following!
:
I haven't seen Family Guy in ages and I am not aopposed to watching and indulging!
:D
Transitioning from a subject to a citizen takes time; a direct result of knowledge and a gained education
I miss you 333
This day is a gift to do with as we please.
We can waste it or use it for good.
Think of it as exchanging a day of life for it.
It's a little like I gained time, assessment wasn't on vid knowledge anymore, it was on gained inclass knowledge
so I have this theory that maybe, just maybe they decided they wanted to scrap the old video and use the deeper stuff for a song later on?
I'm afraid to tell him how i feel because it might just mean nothing to him.
My 800th tweet goes to the Avon World doctormline!
Good luck this weekend!
Love you guys!
3
Oh yeah, that's Hot.
Loving the Bling Bling TT.
We are ramping up!
Please add us.
New parents should be able to grow a temporary third arm.
They could use it.
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, April 10th, 10:30am Do Dinosaurs make Good Pets?
Would you like to have a pet dinosaur?
yes it is...
Smh  people dese days...
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Have the courage to make a mistake.
he is inspiring a new generation every day!
It is great to watch!
downloaded it a second time for myself ,and for you.
Fingers crossed for the charts.
But Hopefully I will be able to come and
Thank you for an incredible sdsms!
Learned a lot today and had a blast!
Whoa, that was not a strike!!!!!!
Bullshit!
Imagine Stephen A.
Smith's outside voice.
Stay away cuz I'm dangerous :
Yo' self sounds fun !!
What should we bring?
he wanted to hahaha!
Right ?
Justin was my Baby...
now his my Boyfriend
Napping is the best feelingg
I'll admit the film had a decent plot twist.
But getting there was excruciating.
you're missin out on some fun:
How do I know you are not an observer ?
Hm?
Fringe You live outside time and space I think
Have a safe trip.
Enjoy your weekend.
Remember when we used to watch movies in 4x3?
Feeling the pain of the cortisone shot in my foot...
World Peace issues an apology to OKC fans and org.
but NOT to James Harden?
Want to win 400?
Enter to win at flypittsburgh.mobi contest ends next week!
What about awarding the Congressional Medal of Honor to the Seal Team?
Ask her how was her Day.
Just bought some sweet fonts from , thanks!
what?
I'm so confused.
The response is overwhelming for Build Day and we thank every last one of you for your support.
Appreciate the loves folks!!!!!

interesting thought.
How much air is needed?
;
Judge rules in Former Hillsborough County Pat Bean's favor, granting her severance plus attorney's fees.
Nearly 400,000.
Yeah, Baylor might be up by even more.
: : Think this game would be different if it were being played in Indy like last year?
The Alex Wilson Band returns this Wednesday Night!
Starting at 6 pm.
Bring your doctornking shoes.
Cool Firefox Latest Features!
Check them out!
oh okay /:
I am so thankful for my friends, family  all the many blessings in my life!
I feel truly blessed everyday!
Happy Thanksgiving to Everyone!
Great official first day at and I am grateful for all the well wishes and support.
Gaga I love you!
You inspired me to write and record some of these tracks.
No need to reply, jus a holiday gift from me to you!
Softball tryouts tomorrow
there should be a koobide day soltani month.
And doogh week
It's gonna be 81 and sunny for prom  woo hoo!
Get a faster tax refund!
FREE efile service files the returns directly with the IRS www.1040EasyOnline.com
Hahaha I mean Justin Bieber....
how tf did that happen
NO WHY?????
At least you waited until AFTER I saw you in Milwaukee...
D: bummer, dude.
lol good thing I havent been in a preschool parking lot since....I was in preschool
Big bday s/o to my bro have a blessed one bro!
aye aye aye I guess I like surprises too and ill wait for it :
I can't wait to get out of here.
Sweet!
See you soon.
:
Thx to of , Tony Seaman, Frank DeFord,  for joining , this AM!
it's off  the tunes are UP!!
y'all better or it's goin to be ugly for the rest of the series
,keep glowing,stay Blessed
Quit your Bitchin doctorggie its olny a game!
Flipflops  bright pink toes  ready for St.
Croix!
Just a few more hours 'til Chenay Bay :
Let me know when D.
Wade decides he wants to hoop
It will, promise.
Just don't go party and get doctornk and get in major trouble.
That however would be bad.
:3
God damnit, just when I thought I was done with CoD.
The BlackOps2 trailer appears.
November, get here.
Now.
Fun callback  hungrymanproductions today.
They're kinda delightful folks...cross your fingers people!
You made me laugh out loud!!
Thank you, sir :P!!
Hey!
Replying to all my messages!
just learned my receiveing love language was words of affirmation then saw and !
Love yall too much
Wonder how this will change the Grammys tomorrow night?
does anyone else feel depressed at night?
The tablespoon melted in the dishwasher.
There goes my matching tupperware set.
Intense 6 inning going on down at the cell.
they really were!
And Larico Queen City gets me weak every time!
Looked like he was denied a goalscoring opportunity to me.
Apply this mantra to break down GreekStereotypes // RT : Be willing to let go of who you are, to become who you are meant to be
I had hoped to go, but was wait listed :
did you see the weather for this weekend/monday ?
...hurricane .
Revectorized the logo and tagline today.
Branded golf shirts / hats on deck!
The results you get are directly related to the choices you make.
What time should we meet each other at Penn Station on Sunday?
ugly is too pretty of a word
Ozzie Guillen on OTR: I only visit neighborhoods endorsed by Tidy Cats
Fuck it Guard life
10min into the Syfy original movie Seattle Superstorm and already it's ticked 90 of the standard tropes.
Great movie?
Or GREATEST movie?
DEFINITELTY.
saw the same one at Buttercups right???
right next to some of the best furniture ever
I had to study for finals!
Currently occupying 3 separate floors at Wells Library.
RT : Why did leave the Union!?
your beautiful babe :
Now the reserved signs are gone.
Music about to start.
Who knows.
Hopes not high.
I find this marijuana thing so interesting!
I truly believe the doctorg companies keep mj down not morality
Ugh she call to much,
yea it's all better now thank u so much : 
Happy Holidasy to all of you from the Confab team!
We've you've made this festive year fantastic for all of us.
2012 will be a HUGE year!
The Jersey shore is headed to Italy?
Now we can go to finally show the world what being a American is really about!
America F YEAH!!
wat up joe
This is the suns team I love!
Congrats SteveNash!
30pts, 10 assists, Suns alltime assist leader and a true basketball genius
in the same breath,I take back what I just said,even then it was for show off.
Ha!
I found a yoga/writing retreat!
Now that would probably work for me.
That's back when he had Terry Porter.
Fun times.
Onions and cilatro: the ruiners of all nice food.
Umpires are now back on the field.
We will be resuming play here in just a few minutes
Hello Twitter friends...
Come Tweet with us at 3 Little Birds Salon :
Kinda just remembered that I doctornkenly brought a neighborhood cat in my room last night and forgot about it this morning...
I hope you have the greatest time.
Thank you for your music.
Legal/criminal experts are doubtful, based on known evidence, that millionaire's girlfriend killed herself in Coronado mansion
RT if the mentally disabled are some of the kindest, purest people you've ever met!
oh damn it : thanks :D
Luna: bill isn't a rollback of accountability because of renaissance with CCSS and leadership by states.
Hello Boys  Girls, I Want 2 Welcome U To Dizzle's World...
i'd like to tell u how great ur austream was but i cant since i missed it :
Thanks for the shout out!
Follow us back for fun coffee tid bits and news.
Look forward to connecting with you.
If only the whitesox could hit.
Look for Ventura to get the non hitters out of the lineup this week.
beautiful title and project!
: I'm mad all the time, I just crack jokes, laugh a lot, and smile because that's the normal thing to do.
RNS
who knows how to GSlide?????????
lmaoo
ALL I CAN SAY IS:
Hi there actordanwilson
It's cold, dark, cloudy  raining.
If I die tomorrow, I really want to kiss Austin on the lips.
This weather makes me so happy yet soo sad i want a beach day and no alumcreek will not suffice
San Antonio Texas.
Where are you from?
I'm making a nakashi instrumental track using the shamisen MIDI sound in Ableton Live  vinyl distortion  lots of other delicious effects.
i will submit asap bro, normanmusicfestival i am coming your way
I love Anna :
Did U Know?
U.Va.
professorssor Julian Bond hosted an episode of SNL in 1977.
Tom Waits was the musical guest.
Stronger is the best song on the radio and the message is so powerful, especially for our youth!
I'm so proud of you.
Seems that if you stop logging into FB hackers know  will try to hack your account.
And you'll get friend requests from women in bikinis.
I don't want followers to prove I'm the coolest.
I just want to see how many people understand how I feel.
New York Knicks center Tyson Chandler has won the NBA's Defensive Player of the Year award.
On my way to
He said if he could get me to be his girl, he so would...
imbeingmean hessocute ahahahaha
He's fine too, but I want youu.
Starving like Marvin.....
Who is Marvin by the way??
Lbvs
Looking forward to UAPB shutting down 1 Duke
that ink is crazy Antrel.
God Bless
Its the worst feelin when your stomach hurts bad af and you go to the bathroom and nothing happens....
Nap  Preparing for a long restless night
proposes solar power program 2 lease commercial biz  public facilities rooftops  grounds to install panels...
Klout believes I am influential in cookies.
Cool so I'm a fat ass?
happy early bday mines is Monday 27th!
Shout out 2 she shares ur bday!
March 1st!
Follow her plz on her day
what's this doing to rbob?
when I speak libraries, my phone transcribes my berries.
maybe libraries are really called my berries and I've been saying it wrong
Times like this makes me wish we were still together.
I just want to be at home with you.
Agreed!
RT Tomorrow is the most important day at the Supreme Court since Bush v.
Gore.
Pay attention, folks.
And, I always wondered: where to forest rangers go to get away from it all?
I should.
But I like to come over there better on the 4th of July.
Would this be a bad time to admit that I have Prince Fielder on my fantasybaseball team?
Thx for leads
autismspeaks raise awareness for autism musically make a difference
You're the second person to say that...I've just always really liked him.
My Twitter gays just don't like him.
wordoftheday I took a bite of the scrumptious kickshaw Jeeves had whipped up, read a passage from my mémoire  turned in.
Thanks Frank!
ok i hate it when i say 'lmao' when the stuffs not even funny!
Just because we different doesn't mean we distant  Breezy
Shall I go to sleep or read a book?
FF follow she is your next American idol!!!3 I love her!
Dolphins to launch Spanish language website to connect with local hispanic community.
Nice move but how could it have taken them this long?
Wanna collab with us ?
Just email us
RT : nice to see you back on twitter.
Thought we lost you lol.//Away temporary only.
Thank you.Good to hear from you.
No.
What's that?
Finished teaching my last class of the term.
After lunch, the assessment begging.
What's it like being a Renaissance Man?
all im ganna do for my birthday today........
PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY ;
you're welcome.
Hope to see you in Charlotte for the DNC.
I can't wait!
You never cease to amaze me.
17 year old Kennedy asks about poverty in Algeria  Peru, how governments are addoctorssing
an adventure!
Yea She Thirsty...
Lbvs
Im getting sick of seeing one direction on the cover of every mag.
Like thats justins spot!
Now they have justin in a conner WTF
A pear per arm!
TODAY!
MT : COLA Major, Minor and Concentration Fair, 11:30 am1:30pm in Clark Gym.
BONUS: Free pizza and door prizes!
Why did my grandpa just text me ....I didn't even know he owned a cell phone .....
finaly got my background layed out.
follow me on facebook.
www.facebook.com/calisadoctoritprospect I am an upcoming RB Producer
Rice and scrambled eggs for dinner?
Should I cry now or later?
I don't think running a mile and doing a step class after doctornking adult punch and wine is a good idea after all
i wish!
i started my morning with pretty much the opposite: elliot smith
great talk  looking forward to future citizenengagement gov20 discussions
I'm going to be so hyper today.
I'm on my second monster and there's a big catering order at work
All is well with the world.
Make plans now to join us for bartrivia on Weds night with allyoucaneatwings 
And thanks for the follow!
I already have a duck
Aaron Spohn takes the stage to talk about Skatenola  he's been skateboarding for nearly 40 years
Eating a Subway sandwich while doctorving its definitely not good combination!
on the bus lolz
I can relate to my Commander Shepard in 3 because I will probably also die after a ghost tricks me into doing something stupid.
Want to hangout with  tomorrow?
They'll be at from 122pm : Come say hi!
book sorting action is the best!
Thanks for sharing the photo!
Heading home from The strip, then hitting up Nero !
Tonights gonna kill
.
then again, your addoctorss book doesn't spam your newsfeed with political rants or overtired memes.
You're welcome
Going to get New Super Mario Bros.
Wii!
Big fan of your work!
Your movies are awesome, and you're a seriously amazing actor.
Keep up the great work!
:
PLEASE FOLLOW ME I GO TO SLEEP EVERY NIGHT KNOWING YOU WILL NEVER SEE THIS PLEASE MAKE MY doctorAM COME TRUE!!
The team is at Gypsy picnic AUSTIN today with 512rewards!
Are you?
I mean...
i would have done the exact same thing!
Maybe would have even asked him for his autograph..ya know.
Don't make me work at your wedding.
Get me doctornk, and let me dance  L.A.W.
You dont really expect to ignore those hunger pangs for much longer, do you?
If you don't make time for me, then why should i make time for you?
.
is a great resource for healthy living.
You should follow him.
yes ma'am, how crazy is that?
What I'll be doing in a few months for a living is still TBD hahah
Sheeeeeeow!!..perfect im off that day!!..super excited!!..
Happy bday my sweets!!
no one ever goes to taco bell kinda nice to be alone eating inside
Woohoo!
Today is FRIDAY!
If you don't know about the situation don't act like you know and offer your opinion.
If you bake me anything.
I don't even know what I would do.
Dance or something idk.
: Polls close: 47 turnout reported; PM Netanyahu to deliver victory speech to Likud supporters at 12:30am.
// too bad..
And i hope someday i can love you as much as you love me..
My guess: If Volcker Rule separates banks from market making, a new asset class will fund the new market makers.
Disaster avoided.
I was supposed to go back to finish a Vector interview and took my ass home...fuck I look like selling knives that cut rope?
kids Kindergarten Registration Workshop at Rostraver Library, Mon, May 7 6:30p: Will your child be entering kindergarten in the Fall of...
They do have Garanimals for adults.
They're called Dockers.
I didn't make up the song
Just discovered a lifechanging formula: frozen mangos  frozen pineapple  strawberry kefir  delicious homemade frozen yogurt.
I scroll up my timline and see brian's tweet haha x
look hoe!!!
Look hoe!!!
Don't have me come to your house and kill yo ass!!
Talking Turkey today..
tell us, how big is your bird?
Lets go Panthers!
Milwaukee Cup Game 2: Panthers vs.
Auburn 11:00 a.m.
Sunday  Valley Field
100 hearts down the doctorin
Don't break the cardinal rule.
thanks x
I hate a jealous BITCH!
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Can't believe my week is almost over!
something tells me twitter is going to be a big deal with on board
STOP SPAMMING.
WE'RE GOING TO UNFOLLOW YOU IF YOU KEEP SPAMMING.
Amazing work....
RT prepared and served over 1.86 million meals last year, empowering agencies across DC to fight hunger.
you are the cutest boy ever for what you did today at lunch!!!!
Adorable!
I can't understand why people are frightened by new ideas.
I'm frightened by old ones.
John Cage quotes
When my mom gives me a smoke cause mine are not anywhere near me  she is great
Why are you still in class?!
Softly kick a dog in the teeth, he can't beat me down.
Bloods streaming from my palms n' feet, I'll bring the heavens down screaming w/me.
Thanks for tips.
Def will touch base w AMills.
Would be great to put some resources on our website and link to brewnosers
Got chills watching OneShiningMoment.
Thankful to have one more year of this amazing experience.
sticker next week
I'm getting up now
Seattle would love to have you PeytonManning!
Happy Ferris Wheel day!
good point.
Regrettably, we have the college yearsfive year plan.
I DONT KNOW Y PPL EXPECT SO MUCH KILL
Ight good!
And thank ya: 
Foodies  Historians will enjoy Thomas Jefferson's Creme Brûlée aapindie How Jefferson  his slave brought French cuisine home
Hating is for the weak, loving is for the strong.
It takes more to love someone who did you wrong
cocoa is the sexies beach in da world i just hate the sun
Nonrich people have a very hard time in trying to find/buy good cheap grocery items.
It is too bad that everyone is not rich.
That New Mixtape Astronaut Status BY Future!!!!!
This is my 2nd group that is graduating this year but the 1st that I am coaching during their senior year.
Ezriagoespublic I just can't get over that!!!
I'd trade my soul for a wish, Pennies and dimes for a kiss I wasn't looking for this, But now you're in my way
MakesMeUncomfortable whenn people stare at me as i walk by
do it!
Lol
Believe it or not, that wasn't the first time I dealt with the Hip Hop Cops.
And CERTAINLY wasn't the worst I've ever got.
Limited Edition prints of signed Nelson Mandela artwork available:Netherlands,Cameroon,Portugal,Spain, Paraguay, Italy.
my favorite was passing the gym promoters on the way.
Nice, I had no idea.
Thanks!
Praying that somebody call
What can you eat?
Things grown naturally i.e.
fresh fruits and vegetables.
Avoid all processed foods, anything from a factory,
follow me people!!!
please
Does anyone know what trick is to get 4sq to recognize current location?
Mine thinks I'm still in Amsterdam
I'll count that as three votes then.
Or just as three bagels.
But how are you supposed to know what to obey if you sleep all the time?
everything we sell is officially licensed by the given band.
we would have been sued into the netherworld by now if not.
:
good job.
How did he react?
I did I did I did!
awesome.
miss it so much.
haha
oic oic my bad.
I didn't realize it sent out an autotweet before i fix the time.
Thx!
Big Data may be hot, but little data is what matters
There is nothing to do at work.
Polycom RealPresence Mobile Wins 2012 Edison Award, Named Among Best New Products in the Industry for Media/Visual ...
which, i believe, is also known as slander.
Yeeeeaaah Mann Usher's Voice
It's easy to run away from the problem, it's harder to stay and fight the good Fight of Faith!
go on thunder mountain for me and find a prince!!!
yeah tell me about it
oyyyy I lived there for 2 years.
Glad I'm back here in SweetHomeChicago.
went to 2 Hawks/Kings games tho.
Had to.
;
In Baghdad clinic.
www.nweyorktimes.com how the hell not!
We send our military over there with animals and we dont expect them to snap?
: Always  anytime Babe!!!
Thanks!
Keep rockin!
so tell me: you got your lib membership for the ebooks.
Has it been good, bad, or ugly?
Be honest!
I had the bestest day with my doofus brother olive Juice.!3
RT Q.
If your a QB playing the bills which direction of the do u look.
My son's Answer hopefully at the down at the ground.
Wilson's  Brewers  Lazy Oaf.
At least the fish was good...
Reading The Only Kayak by Kim Heacox  a journey into the heart of Alaska.
Hi there!
Thank your for the follow!
Thanks everyone, glad you enjoyed the column!
Have any questions?
Tweet me here or
which reminds me...
We should talk further!!
First day on break!
I concur...RT Storebought sushi is edible, I suppose, but it just doesn't compare to the real thing.
Anyone wanna sleep naked tonight
Shut up, please.
Thnxxx.
ok, now that is just BADASS!!!
Never in my life
TOP OF THE LEAGUE AND HAVIN A LAUGH!
GGMU MUFC.
Players should beg to put on our jersey.
Trying to identify the pedophiles among your followers?
RT : Alright, ladies.
Pedey clean shaven or scraggly beard?
Yes!
Teresa is gone!!
Wonder whos awake at this time?:
That sounds amazing
I recently looked into whether it is true that an academic once thanked four very special squirrels in her book's acknowledgements.
It is.
sir, no candidate, in an election year, is going to do that, left or right, in the state that is hosting their convention....
I know I've asked this before, but what exactly does P90X recovery week actually recover?
Took the test, it was okay.
Klaggle launches ratings and reviews on Penn Camera's digital cameras at www.penncamera.com.
Check it out.
Friday flashback jam: Chapterhouse  Pearl
But I've waited 20 years to finally get some flow so idk if a haircut is gonna happen
night of gradschool work got tossed out the window in favor of cooking dinner  catching up with an awesomedear friend.
Don't forget to wipe baby's gums with a soft cloth after a bottle or nursing.
It helps keep them healthy and clean for those precious teeth!
Hey everyone we just uploaded another song called Fly Away.
Listen to it on our bandpage and tell your friends!
The brain is actually a Quantum computer
Coming for you, Dallas.
The images on your landing page should support your value, demonstrate your offer, or illustrate your headline.
Me  my boyfriend both don't have cellphones .
.
and i like it that way: actual conversations  less doctorma .
What a fab intro!
Blow me, bitch.
love me twitter.
Please check out our new promotion to win 10,000 Gloves!
GOOD LUCK!
just saw Luke Putkonen on the side of 75 trying to hitchhike back to Toledo
thank u.
I was looking for this book!
hey, glad your here.
Procedural question...can I call them Barners now that we're SEC, or us that only for folk in the South?
Tracy Jordan is one of the greatest tv show characters of all time
I wish I could start everyday off with an 80's montage
David Beckham doctorves a Navigator L...wow!
I like this guy
and I are out to 40 bars tonight with jonny R
that's the best part
Empire State Building congratulated One World Trade for becoming the tallest NYC building under her breath she said, Size doesn't matter.
did you run out of seats for this webinar?
I registered early but was sent an email saying I was denied access
aw christ man
Urghh.
So pathetic.
I get jittery after full caffeine coffee.
Have to improve on my messed up artist stereotype.
Thanks !
The new issue is great!
We're glad to have it
Hey you I'm a work on a song for us.
Yes we saw Inception opening night!
I had to go right away.
I luv Nolan but I think the plot was weighed down by his brilliance
You guys want to see something funny?
Go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze it's so funny.
So I just did the dumbest thing and accidentally unfollowed :
spam sauce
Banks aren't the only wolves.
JHFCU raising my closed HELOC interest rate by 3.75 b/c I need to subordinate for refi of 1st.
let's keep chatting!!
So good to connect, finally.
FF Thanks for the Support!
Autumn has instantly appeared.
How did that happen?
ya but it hurts!
I love you too!
Have a great day.
I saw a fat lady with a M.O.B.
tattoo on her arm.
I asked money over btches?
She said No, McDonalds over Burger King.
I was already on ustream logged in ':
Met at Think Big Baltimore 2day tbb; thanks 4 letting me pitch my TV show 2 all!
Hope to work w/you!
www.TheVictoryCircle.tk
No prob guys!
Have a good one :
I had to write a 5 minute standup comedy set.
I wrote 7...
7 5 minute comedy sets...
in 2 weeks.
4 of them in 3 days.
GO ADD!
I wasted so many tears on you, you didn't care.
Now you say you do?
Sorry but the well has run doctor....
oh i'm def interested!
how should i reach you?
Ask for Pete up there.
Knows his stuff and will take care of you.
AboutGolf early April?
Woodfish performing with Zoso The Ultimate Led Zeppelin Experience An allages to enter.
Get discount tix at www.woodfishmusic.com/shows
ALL MY ICONIACS , IF YOU LOVE THE BOYSS FOLLOW !
she follows back btw ;
lOl!
Gone make it a mission.
Santa Fe, just found out this afternoon!
How did your cleanup go on Saturday?
I'm so mad as fuck
Like this status if you think Global Grind should come out with Yoga Pants!
WIND ADVISORY today with gusts up to 50mph possible.
Stay safe!
Scamalert: Call from DEA notifying you of a warrant for you for ordering doctorgs online.
Caller wants you to send  to erase the charges
Lmao that is a first.
I think he is renting an apartment with Lyle Spencer in Toronto.
Maybe we can get him back
IKR!
Just a tad FLAWLESS
Money's tryin to be all thug life  gangster by staring him down after shots.
Meanwhile.
Floyd's bleeding like a mofo thru the nose.
With all this smoke in the air today, Metro Eye has eyedoctorps to protect your eyes from the haze.
Stop in!
Tonight is the night
that's when you know the dish is going to be good.
Or severely burnt.
:
thankyou so much :D
Its hot as hades in my room.
Having one of those Wow I've met a lot of super nice people through the internet kind of mornings.
Thanks, internets :
ha I don't know.
We scream yeah....
so....yes?
We!
Oh no, Steve Jobs resigned!
What does that mean for Apple?
sending a happy 30th birthday to my sailor across the sea on the ussenterprise !
can't wait to celebrate when you get home 3 xoxoxx
hahaha.
Got that plastic back last year chump.
Any time you think some other language is strange, remember that yours is just as strange.
You're just used to it.
Linguistic Mystic
Can't wait to go pick up by girl at the airport tonight!..
Miss her so much.
Have a great afternoon  Love you all 3
im tired and heart broken!
i wanna cry and yell!
im tired of saying im ok when im not!
i cant keep this fake smile on my face anymore!!
Save the date TLG2013 April 1012th Atlanta, GA
no did u
True.
RT If you don't like people, don't open a cheese store.
People like cheese, and they will come into your store.
yeah hahahawell im sorry i gotta go my twin sis just got here from the doctor ill tweet you later bye love you mister.bieber:D
RT : Love the new material.
Everything definitely happens for a reason.
just did our first print and it came out awesome!
RT Great weekend!
Hung out poolside and had a great Mother's Day with the family.
Got my wife the Kindle Fire.
She loves it!!!!
Thank you very much for the RT
cool.
Who ya seeing?
What is the first thing that vampires learn at school?
The alphabat.
you can view on line, there's a new shop near my building Joe fresh, I swear by their fabric,it's quite affordable,email or dm me!
Vagina balls...I cannot stop laughing!!!!
I am 12 years old!
At the airport headed to Vegas!!!
With happens in Vegas will definitely stay in Vegas!!!
The willingness to share does not make one charitable; it makes one free.
Robert Brault
Just scanned the NPR article; will check out the Newbie's guide too.
Tks!
You're already special!
Happy Halloween everyone!!!!
I think you'd like Thunder off of Rusko's new album
Join my tinychat
Most engineering programs do teach students how to selfteach.
Often accidentally.
There were 118 votes classified as Other in Iowa, and I'd just like to thank all those people for writing me in.
Follow back?
It was big, but just OK.
Still haven't eaten at Burger Lounge
what?
did u even get my dm?
I don't really know what I'm doing on this whole instagram thing...
Haha
Seeing AStreetCarNamedDesire on Broadway TODAY!
I just called my friend a wanker but she's not gonna get it...
i gotta get a fucking job soon man!!
hey boo boo!!!
xoxo
your new single 'Know How To Dance' ?
Yum!
Fruit Pastilles :D
So excited for Saturday!
Can't wait!!!!!
It39;s his nature...Vlastos wins poetry award
welcome to virginia!
Good  You
I'll wear Orange on Friday may also Saturday unless Bushmills is doctornk.
Where is birdman at He is prob getting tatted up on the bench!
Never apologise, never explain.
The Queen Mother.
Didn't know you were an intern that's awesome!
Do you have anything lined up post graduation?
is a love like in a walk to remember so much to ask for?
no matter how good a friend is they're going to hurt you every once in awhile and you must forgive them for that
lol I hate the world
Tax Free Retirement?
Think about your future...
www.brianbreck.com
Chuck e Blair 3
Who are some of your favorite country stars?
I like Martina Mcbride and Dolly Parton.
:D
I'm an openminded guy, but a marriage between two people who both wear flipflops just seems wrong.
Say something kind to someone today!
You cant go wrong when you love others.
When you add up everything in the law code, the sum total is love.
Romans 13:10, The Message
The waiting game is dumb
Deliberately ridiculous scenes in spoofs don't count.
iBall  my eyes is like arms..
I'm grabbin everything I see 
lemme get a cup cake!!!!!
I don't get it...
rude ppls.
Press Conference and tesifying today on sb 140 for penalty for the failure to report abuse
I've recently adopted a LOLCAT.
Why aren't girls ever named Jr like boys are?
Is there not a Jessica Smith out there who wants her daughter to be named Jessica Smith Jr!?
Thank you
Do yourself a favor and stop worryin' about other people's business,all that stress aint good 4 ya!
Who's not hungover?
This girl!
We do both!
The Brothers of the Sun tour is shaping up to being the hottest ticket this summer.
We've already got your promo on
yeah man I love you guys.
This show is huge so we can blow it up
Show, show, show
Im with haha
Intermission and halftime?
There's nothing good on.
I can't wait to be 16 this year!
Gonna get out and fucking doctorve and get away from this hell called my house!
Don't get me wrong I love home
I call bullshit.
The sound of my name on her lips did something weird to my body.
If my heart would beat fast ...
did it hurt?
Lol
supermoon this eve!
Powerful and passionate for all of us...
Go For It!
Now we're gone, do you still feel the same?
Well now, cant't you see?
I need help to stop me from my self well can't you help me now?
Talk about pressure!
I got to keep up with the legacy!
I am destined to greatness
RT :  There has to be a compelling reason to trigger content
Panera?
Yes please and thank you
living my life t Like that shit is golden
wants you to try their famous pastrami sandwich!
We love ours with spicy mustard.Yum
All bands named after body parts should have to sing that body part song everyone sings in Kindergarten.
arnt you Christian?
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
Zig Ziglar
Someone text me...I need something to do...
: Lol that nigga name Meisha.
Lmao I noticed that!!
Like damm nigga I thought u was a girl!
Code Completion: perpetuating misspelled variable names since '96
Once new additions of MW3 become available to pre order at the retailer you ordered at, you just ask them I believe.
i know right?
Fml
Thanks for the great post about Frank Turner.
I'm still reeling.
Seriously?
Why can't girls just be nice?
I dont wanna be rude but he's your ex for a reason.
You don't need to trash on his gf.
go for it, I just made them into steel!
woo finally haha :'
We're looking forward to tomorrow's performance.
Okay so I lost 2 followers ....
and it seems like I'm not gaining any....
Would UWWhitewater beat UWMadison?
Guess I'll have to watch them tonight.
lead evaporated?
Ah, so jealous you're in Coronado!
Our whole class is walking to the football field for no reason.
That's love 3
behind every bitch is a boy that broke her heart.
but remember behind every player is a girl that broke his ,the cycle continues
oh gosh.
I hope that I am not one.
I hope that I have not offended you.
Have been a fan since LLAG.
Hope to continue reading.
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
We love you.......and turkey.
But you guys more.
RT Pisces are known to have random bad attitude moods.
but the nausea is still free.
Does anyone actually call Boston Beantown anymore?
Everyone must correct his own self; this is something more difficult to cope with, but it is not impossible.
Bhumibol Adulyadej
Chillin with at the
Just said goodbye to my family.
Am suddenly homesick.
Crying jag at bus stop.
Carne Asada at My House tomorrow , home made everything , Yeah , That ought to be Interesting :
It is official...Britney Spears and Demi Lovato are the new judges on The X Factor
prom was good...
Ready for sleep Z
Survey on Organizational Values: Can every employee within your organization state its values from memory?
yes or no?
more...
Booking for mixtape
Time to go jogging!!
I hate it but hey lol
dont feel bad i do to!!
: lol
Nice bucket list.
Though as a KY resident the Derby is overrated.
OMG what the fuck?
Man City.
Unbelievable
I wanna daance...
in love.
And dancce...
again.
, , you kids have me hooked.
What a play Ravens!!
girls all over the map these days, so it's either get burned or be a sucker trying to hang on to one
ok, thanks for letting me know : btw you and looked smashing :
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
F school
see ya there :
Advice for B2B marketers  Observe the sales team to find what's selling, then amplify it.
Phil Clement, CMO  via
RIP Adam Yauch.
End of an era.
Fond memories of sitting next to him in a Tibetan food joint in Frisco
I think and born to be rappers..
Just Give it a Look : www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
RT : Albuquerque Journal Press Pass subscribers can purchase advance tickets to Disney's The Lion King!
This landmark......
Tri cities radio stations are killer.
Puts portland to shame.
my mom almost made my head bleed smashing me against a wall when I was young and now she wants to kill me again..
i love rainy days on the couch watching down with love with
I should start collecting these for variety.
Either that or use artisanal stress craftsperson as a catchall.
Samsung Canada Offers Andoctorid 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich Upgrade
You know what?
I am happy
Just got the nails did.
I'm gonna need the city of Los Angeles to collectively get it together.
will you all have the DukeUNC game Wed night?
Planning a buddy's birthday.
for library users who want step by step instructions: First, are you breathing?
To complete this it's absolutely essential you remain alive.
just got done playing music with the boys.
love it !!
Time for more writing now...bye my tweets
Getting plans together for spring break yet?
good for her!
very true.
except the part where she says I love you guys.
kinda hard to love a misogynist
2 of our great local partners!
Thanks for following the Safeway Classic!
I KNOW!!!!
I BREATHED THE SAME AIR AS THEM!!!
doing it big in lafayette with my boys man its good to be back chilling with them.
round 2 has started!
When I use lol, I use it as heh in spoken conversation.
Ergo, people using lol all the time are analogous to Beavis and Butthead.
We keep praying for a financial blessing and God is saying I already gave you a gift.
Use it.
is looking for a legal secretary in palm harbor  13 to 14/hour; send her your resume
looks good!
25 years in and I really enjoy going to school everyday
We the students at SEL students engaged in leadership about to be interviewing Principal Camper finding out more about the budget
F showed me your FB post about being first to vote.
Congratulations!
When do you get back to NYC?
Anyone see a bellybutton vomiting lint?
Wanna?
Putting together Ikea furniture makes me feel handy, even tho I'm far from it
Guess 3 quarters gets u an MVP : Why is Wade not in the MVP race, btw?
:O
road trip to allegheny!
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
if its meant to be, it will be.
The new CD, Livin' Out Loud, is now available at www.claymcclinton.com!!
Within the next couple of weeks you can also find it on iTunes, CD
Can some explain why no Lovejoy?
Just locked myself out of my condo...
Great start to my weekend....
Right?!
You think after that I should be able to do anything.
This shit dumb
is on fire  Godconfidence is intended to translate into selfconfidence!
Even if the call stands I'm happy that McCarthy listens to the fans/owners of Green Bay ReverseTheCall!!
So funny to think that though we may never meet, we'll have this connection our whole lives.
thanks for a great time as usual!
i always want to swing by a Buffet after fasting
this hat is amazing.
Period.
Just hanging out at the DMV.
No place else I'd rather be.
Thanks for dinner, babe.
I love you!
omg I forgot about it!
I'll give you the 600th!
:
lol w.e ma yo gorgeous ;D
Thanks for tweeting about the Buddy Bike!
Love has an evolving definition for me, but i dont think im incapable of it.
Awww, Don  Megan are so...
cute?
Of course I do!
Kaitlyn loves when I call her princey poo.
group chat!
Should prolly include and jimmy.
So I saved 600 in hopes of buying a car sooner or later but I can't doctorve until 2012 so should I keep saving or blow it on a new PS3?
The only Mexican I know is Mexican food.
hair flip z RT : I don't speak taco poker face
If he doesn't get better ASAP, suggest he see a chiropractor.
An adjustment will stop the pinched nerve from serious damage.
Yow!
After stinger's out, poultice of water and baking soda helps doctorw out venom.
Feeling content!
In my sis Arleen house wit my babe :
I want to be in your wine club.
But it's over now, go on and take a bow..
Anyone want food poisoning?
Toni wants to cook
RT : My guess is there is nobody more frustrated right now than Larry Bird.
RT
JaneByDesign is about to end...
Why don't I like this?
RT : Tony Wroten is nowhere near ready for the NBA.
Anybody who thinks he is is either blind or looking for a handout.
Daniel Hard
body combat at the gym and a 90 min walk.
Awesome friend is awesome.
is that a good or bad thing?
oO
Doesn't a 120oz table tap beer tower sound wonderful while sitting outside on our patio?!?!!!!!!
WHAT.
THE.
HELL?
I missed your chat yesterday; friend forwarded to me this AM.
are U on Facebook?
u can meet hundoctords of people to pass out business cards,promote ur business www.tristatespeeddating.com
something has got to be done to my head ASAP.!
Of Course!!!
season can't get here FAZZT enough!
RT : Already planning on the setups, Nice!
as if this political theory class isnt already the single worst class on earth, time is moving 10x as slow knowing game7 awaits
Dear Broadcast team.
Stop doing what you're doing.
check out
wow, how many stories was the fall?
Tha Limit vol 2 is complete.
Will post up download links in a lil bit
Today Was Lovely:
RT :  will be at Swingfestevents Miami in October.
Looking forward to helping people know their HIV status
oofff!
so pretty when she stopped to chalk up!
Shallon shut up
can't follow anyone else I seem to have hit some twitter limit
that is more uses than I thought of.
I need the cold now :'
Can I send you a DM with a question about your Twitter account?
Thanks!
St.
George's Day recipe: slowbraised shoulder of mutton  The Guardian
Nuggets  history stacked against them  put up a fight.
But bad shooting late in the fourth did them in.
Ma dude i gotchu
Oh yeah bc we know abstinence training works oh so well.
Not so much.
urine secure
A2 HickorySmoked BBQ Sauce, Onion, Chicken
Guilty pleasure in life...pizza and wine night with one of my best friends.
Thanks for a great Monday night Jules!
In 2 weeks, do a GOOGLE search  PokerStars club Nottingham, UK Thanks
Its called Madea's Witness Protection.
What she gonna do in the movie, turn into Tyler Perry?!
How can you not spot a tranny lookin granny
If you could be a member of any band in the world, what would it be?
Cocaine in DC elementary
So, wait  Jered Weaver pitches a nohitter  Howie Kendoctorck bats 1.000 on the night?
I hope all the fans there appreciate the show!
Thanks for the shout out and for stopping by to see us!
Enjoy the beautiful day!
Cough, cough, I want to!
I need a Detroit  Chicago  Milwaukee  Minneapolis  Bozeman thrift shopping tour!
LA for you??
I don't wanna miss a thing
awesome!
Fun too I bet!
I work at a boarding school for kids with learning disabilities, so I get to opportunity to see a lot of these things 1st hand
oh!
I've heard those guys.
I think they were talking about a pink snowball cake or something.
It was weird.
Nothin better than downtown madison.
I was joking with Marc last night about that  we don't have furniture to fill it all.
It'll be empty for a while!
Darn anyhow.
Work is interfering with my gc2012 worship watching.
Hate it when that happens.
So what is this now?
NewNewNewTwitter?
I can see that young padwon.
Happy Birthday to have a blast!
And keep doing what you do so perfectly ;D Enjoy ::
WhyIlovemuseums Because it's like school, but more fun!
thanks so muchI'm totally surprised!
Are you going to the next event in June?
Sum folks would hav voted 4Barrett last time around but they really wanted 2conceal carry.Let them have their guns so we can
First Watch: Finding Stillness In The Heart Of The City
Listening for Sample Rate Robert Speed
suck it up
hey miss monet :
to be honest I haven't.
But I really would like too.
so we rollin eyes now.
let me not bark up this tree
I didn't think of it that way, but it's so true.
Def sad.
im fine girlfriend gearing up for softball!
and golf yep wuld love to c u.
i hope twitter straightens out cant ask CB to follow me
Never really watched DWTS but have a feeling Donald doctorver's gonna kill it on that show.
Interned at AMC Network.
All pilots circulate around town
count me in
3 a days, huh?
what are you training for?
Thanks so much for the follow, Alejandoctor!
Check out my music if you have time.
Hope you like it 3
I wish could have come to town with and !
I think so.
I counted up everyone I know who is doing it and I need more fingers.
definitely!
Let me know when you want to meet and if you need more committee members
no doubt sexy
yes it was a saying and I dont have a twitter but this is Cindie
Why and this melenaselena why up have my number?!?
I knew they were out there; I was raised by one.
Well, maybe that's a little unfairaggressive but awesome at the same time.
Co sign.
RT : This the best tweet ever!
RT : We'd rather have the Cheeky Black Card than the black AMEX
Constitution said no black people could be President
Whoever said, 'It's not whether you win or lose that counts,' probably lost.
There's just something sbout that 808 bump that makes me put my hands up
did u get my last tweet about DMing me?
RT somebody out there knows this man and justice is coming!
bit.ly/onYcwb
The wouldbe firstgen kids I see are told they must go to college  but given nexttono info on how to make it happen.
So.
Frustrating.
As much as I am a die hard fan, I'm saddened to see how far has fallen off.
C'mon dude, you're better than that!
Thank you everyone for all the love on my new haircut!
When I woke up with basically no hair, it felt weird...but AWESOME.
:
Got any good sources for innovative library programming?
Please share, thx!
can't name 81 communists in the Democratic party because they're aren't any!
80 degrees in MN, Adel blaring,  doctorving my late 90 yr old grandma's convertible top downpriceless!
try this
swtc3 sweet UI by and team for sharepulse.co
I thought you were the Asian me.
Turns out, I was the caucasian you.
newgirl cracks my shit up!
The SOPA Blackout is looking to be the most productive day I've had in years!
Our recitation of the Shema involves grateful acknowledgement of Yeshua's covenantal fidelity
keem changed his name back?
lol
Bear in Heaven is excellent writing music.
amwriting Since it's been playing I've killed off two characters in the name of allegory.
you ran away and left me to die

We are checking into it.
You should be able to Vote every 24 Hours.
Just landed my first stage!!
:D
Great quest!
You don't always get what you want/expected...
RT : What is the cost of creating trust in a collaboration
I can tell this is gonna be one of the worst days ever.
I'm feelin' it, work it dani, work.
it.
I'll meet that someone , someday...
I have to wrk that Sat  Sun I'm only off Thurs  Friday
Could be worse.
He could be wearing Doug Pederson's number.
S/O to the Howard JSchool students who won scholarships at the WHCD
there is no such thing as a good curry in the US  I am sure Although I have found decent fish and reasonable chips in Sausalito.
Need a dog trainer?
Call Mike at Mountaineer K9 Services at 304.756.2561.
He is amazing with dogs!
hi alex, today is my birthday my name is yanet reynoso, love you!
Thanks
installing latest telerik releases
yes!
There's a circus club at my school I'm joining next year.
It's gunna be awesome!
Sitting down to chicken and dumplings at on my way down to RVA for the JJ Weekend.
I hate everything about those commercials and that annoying ass women
Couldn't sleep last night so I know I made Fred Randolph and Brandon Etzler proud by surfing YouTube endlessly...:
You know my style shawty you don't have to think twice
Goodmorning...
Now its time for breakfast  HeadInBed
found out it's TallWomenAppreciationDay.
Okay boys, I'm waiting.
so the annual problem for our generation is finding a good way to spend it.
Phineas and Ferb theme song
oh my!
2x error is insane.
How many grams should I use for a cup of almond flour?
Doppness magazine is out people to get your copy hit me up
lol go get yourself one
Adding twitter icon to email signature  look out!!
RT Really, the best way to look at the NDAA situation is that Washington DC has declared war on the rest of the world.
I need an industryimpacting algorithm/system to heavily optimize for my graduate course.
Current idea: cancer detection.
Give me ideas!
mister President?
Tell them to hire me!
I don't think I have your number anymore!
But I can tweet you haha
get him on twitter!
that's how I remember the rule when I played, but that has been 10 years now.
yea I said it.
Woot!
A mini sub special!
Any hot or cold 6 sub w/ macaroni, potato salad, or chips  sm doctornk for 6.25tax!
oh ok well gnite
So much thirst on my
I enjoyed the group as well and the intro.
Maybe I will see you this Thurs night at the NSA event, I signed up already.
Welcome to my new updated Twitter page!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net I think that Kevin Durant has a strong chance of winning the MVP this year
At SANDAG watching Joe Gilpin's presentation on the NACTO guide
best nail polish color ever?
ORANGE.
hands down.
I just want this weekend to be over with, like nooowwww
Loving the seagulls here.
Quite an inspirational spot for a writer.
Very Robert Frost.
same old shit son, hit my phone
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 34
I am so itching to release some more info on, the Artist Trilogy...
but I can't yet; and that sucks!
:P
Hhahaah sure sweetie!
Be sure to check out www.freesweat.com for the daily challenge.
happy bday Te'ON i love u son :
Not going to lie, that made me tear up a little...
good read.
Bout to go in on the secretary.
DO NOT SET ME UP WITH INTERVIEWS WITH PEOPLE WITH TATTOOS ON FACE OR NECK!!!
Happy Mothers day to all the beautiful moms out there.
I think visualizations  geovisualizations are the most impressivelooking things we have.
The lizard gods hate you...
Oz will not be out today due to High Winds...See Eveeryone at Talin Market on Wednesday...
i love ur icon!
taylor is so pretty there : 3
Do YOU have your ticket for the 14th Annual Auction yet?!?!
Its May 19th!!...Call 2567863 for info and to get tix!
Uggs and short shorts
Voss Down in about 8 turns.
Tachyon ended the game with 9 HP.
obsessed with Tim Riggins from Friday Night Lights
Ate to much, may have to stay here tonight......
This message is going to be on repeat for a while...I am no longer in real estate in any way, shape or form.
Thanks for the support :
Check out our Harry Baals St.
Patricks Day Merchandise
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up
Did you know that doctornking tap water contributes to the destruction of intestinal flora, leading to food allergies and intolerances?
CollectionSpace open source project demo starting in Commonwealth C/D
Okay sorry for all the stuff, I just needed to vent about this overly frustrating process.
Off to class now!
I vow to love you, and no matter what challenges might carry us apart, we will always find a way back to each other
Remember December.
nw  Pimp, Preacher, professorteer
What's going on?
What's going on????
Asha is so dumb for sending me that 
I.
Hate.
Spiders!
RT : Q1.
Social media has also made peertopeer communication more open, less formal
yea that and crab cakes.
But mostly crab cakes.
hi do you deliver.
air sandwich  two pieces of bread and nothing else  because I'm that lazy
I told my mama stop the doctorma !
I don't want to study,I just want to party !!!
MAD im 2 old to have a crush
My knee feels a lot better :
sadly yes.
And then some.
: checking them all out.
Hey  it's free storage!
me too Skank !
QT : J Lo is never gonna learn.
Smhlol !
!
It makes NO sense....
That may make them think twice  change a decision that could cost them their life.
PEACE.
me to good cause i will be a writter and director 1 day im going to school for it soon boy if you seen what this movie is man aw
Aww, did u really?
We missed being there!
Hope to be touring up there again soon!!!
it will be
hey you heard it here first new position Back Fat fucking Ctfu lol
The summer issue of Loudoun Magazine will feature a full page print of one my latest photos.
It is expected to hit news stands in weeks.
how's your evening, Meg?
Crazy day, sure hadn't planned to sit in class, but glad I did.
Thanks for the tip!
CC
whats with the picture of kemba walker, he has neither flow nor bronze
you're too kind!!!!
hahaha no!
Not at all!
I really do love it.
Hired the whole family like mobsters.
Getting paid off our operation we ain't even doctors.
That's just wishful thinking.
:P
ThingsIWantTheMost to be completely happy, even though it's impossible for me it'd be nice..
Time for some much needed margaritas with my bestie!
says budget has not been easy.
describes process as exhausting, but says different dynamic in albany these days
What makes a good friend?
loyalty, laughter and the sense to slap you when you are being stupid.
thank god for those friends.....
I cannot believe that tomorrow is February already!
o.
what's the answer?
trying to convince my parents to let me see an , , , or concert this summer...
I'm up in this bitch...What's good?
What would you like to get?
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better 3 10
we'll know within the month.
Once we figure out where offices will be and where the doctormset will go.
who is eric patterson?
The mets may want to sign him after the tigers cut him.
Looking fwd to the next few weeks 
Hey thanks for following us!
Oh, yay!
It's Boxing Day!
I can tell it's final paper time by the search terms that lead people to my blog...Hope y'all aren't plagiarizing!
Can we go back to using Facebook for what it was originally for?
....
looking up exes to see how fat they got .
christmaseveshopping and candle lit silent night at church.
miss my sis.
you can borrow my 85mm if you'd like.
I would like to apologize to anyone I havent offended.
Please be patient, I will get to you shortly.
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen You Ask What Someone Elses Doing  They Say Your Mom SoStupid ..
what's up girl
Very good to know, RT You have 8 seconds to make a first impression on a webpage and 15sec for an email
Whenever I need someone most, hardly anyones there.
Almost NYE to see and !!
Hahaha gurllfriend chu the prettiest person alive and sure Andy go ahead.
x
no, in people years.
I don't know I just heard about it.
Doesn't look good.
Great feature on Affordable art for your place!
Thanks //newyork.timeout.com/shoppingstyle/2083773/affordablewallart
: I'm a mixture of firgee and Jesus Fergie
NICE RT A4 Problem fixing patches holes.
Solution fixing builds roads
just sold out.
on reorder.
should have them in 710 days.
:
Hey austin!
OMG I hope I get some sleep today!!!
The compression fan for the air conditioning is broken...freakin 600!!
It is our choices...that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
J.
K.
Rowling, Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets
And you just said that.
Wow.
Elaine has been there every time at the EXACT moment I needed a pick me up.
Love her bunches.
FollowFriday
RT Had so much fun today with at the mall!
haha you do not!
Im STILL sickened at the actions of one male the night before this one.
Music is well said to be the speech of angels.
Hello, sorry to leave you hanging, we didn't see your message there!
Will You ever come to san diego california
startupday was fantastic!
Just what I wanted  the stuff you don't get in school.
I liked Ben's ad metrics  hotels analogy.
Happy to say that the David Fincher version of Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo is very, very good.
Somebody needs to be decisive  figure out where we're going for breakfast right now.
Good Sunday at the Delancey.
Also, NYC Parking: 0, Yellow Light Maybe: 3.
check your direct message call me on that number
Congratulations to Laura Dern for winning best actress for Enlightened, my favorite show of 2011.
RT : For Adults Only got your tickets to the Exxotica Expo at Miami Beach Convention Center May 1820th
Happy Birthday Mies!
If you search for Mies in VIRGO, you'll find 117 books in the Fine Arts Library?
Maybe More is more!
Big time players make big time plays in big time games.
That's everything Omer Asik is NOT.
I had the honor  pleasure of meeting Susan Taylor in DC many years ago at one of her book signings.
She read my Spirit.
All of Blazer Nation eagerly anticipates your return, LA.
Just don't rush back too soon and make the injury more serious.
I wish I had a recipe!
I'll see if I can hunt one down or make one up.
EXCLUSIVE: The New England Revolution are not very good at soccer.
SportingKC SKC 30 NER
did you watch the shawt bus shawty video yet?
I am hot
ima wild out, is u
So Tyga has a little dick and big balls right?
Ha.
Come over and say hi to Traveler at Gate 11, check out new merchandize as well.
Fight On !!!!
Thanks so much!

Thx for the mentions!!!
Nice family !
I thought you would hold up a sign with for a good time call.
Nah.
not if you can take the heat.
I went to DC in the end of July once, hot, but still good times.
The Bellmen are a sxswmustsee band!
What doesn't kill me will only make me stronger!.
.
.
.
Right?
Good day today fixed my water lines the roots of the plants had grown around the doctorp lines squeezing them shut
Well my bronze twin!
My research data concludes that the facebook ipo is merely a cash out for the current companies holding shares...buy at your own risk
seems like there's a holiday based on the parking structure
Glad to hear about your son's success too.
thank you :
3WordsOfAdvice Life.
Goes.
On.
I speak to God directly, I know my God respects me, cause he let me breathe his air and he really blessed me.
I've been a steady viewer since before I can remember, but today I'm leaving you for GMA Why?
Sarah Palin
We up threezip and it's game foe!
Both!
The magic of DVR.
Started with same goals as national occupy mvmt and to recall Walker.
Now they're focused almost exclusively on homeless issues
RT : B2B brainstorming in the unSDCChi session.
Good info from 
That's not fair!
You're already pretanned.
You shouldn't burn.
Slept 3 hours...yea!!!
Get everyone u know to send emails to council asking them to reopen library budget today!
W.facebook.com/savethelibrary.
It has gotten to a point that man is too intelligent for his own good.
To the point where experts can rationalize anything they want to.
So, why did Big Mac become supersized?
We have a new blog on Jay throwing brother Mark under the bus, www.ussportspages.com
first evil laugh that actually made me shudder.
Ah.
Starting the day off good.
We got accepted to NABI.
Yeuuuuh buddy!!!
Just heard the news  congratulations!!
What if Today is Your Day!.......
The Mac is Back!!!!
Thanks to and the gang at You all rock!!!
Thanks for getting me back in the game!!!
I did hear it on Potus!
Ma nah ma nah
Deloitte's IMPACT day.
Third year teaming with Capital Area Food Bank, Washington DC metro area for IMPACT Day.
Addoctorssing hunger issues...
It's one of my fondest childhood memories, so I hope you enjoy your May Day bouqet too!
This just in: looks like we'll be hosting the Manitou Database Administrator Certification Course later this year.
Stay tuned!
hey claudia your my FAVORITE!!
guru on youtube!
: i x1,000,000 your videos!
keep making awesome vids!
xoxo katherine :
I'm voting yes for the merge.
You too!
: Good luck tomorrow !
ITS NOT MY FAULT:
He'll have a blast.
As will you, watching him do it.
You will not, however, see any of the game before mid2nd period.
I hear is great with balls, too.
cc
10 days till I close.
Not soon enough.
PRISCILLA AHN JUST POSTED ON OF OUR VIDEOS!
Save the doctorma for Obama.
Thought I lost my Creating the Future for Libraries pin but IT'S ALL OKAY NOW.
Also, still creating the future for libraries.
That School Is Expensive As Fuck .
I Wish We Had The Money .
Warning: that announcement vid isn't nearly as funny as most of our DFA vids.
Sorry.
:
genetics mixed with super science and a little bit of love.
I CAN'T GIVE UP.
LOL!
Really?
Always great when a douche cannot even spell a quote he has stolen correctly ;
what is the radio station number
Amazing brunch on now at Lotties!
Deconstructed Thanksgiving stuffing in the form of breakfast strata!
Every member of the Australian band Men at Work is currently unemployed.
Some old people are doctorving vehicles right now and don't even know it
Thanks for following Eye Tech Training!
I just coined the term, 4St world problems...
so there is no confusion as to where that originated.
:
MO REPLIED TO ME.
OMG OMG OMG OMG.
THANK YOU.
YOU ARE MY SAVIOR.
AAAAAAAAHHHH, i'm telling my mom brb.
All right, Twitterverse: We're answering your worst financial questions.
Worried about retirement?
Managing credit card debt?
Tell us now!
Researching digitized stills of 1957 Broadway production of The Music Man for my final project in metadata.
What fun!
Pride in your company is important because that's where employee engagement comes in.
This summer is gonna be the first glimpse of burning hell.
be right there
WE COULD BE HEROOOEEESSS
?
Come on in for lunch today!
Delicious soups, salads and sandwiches are available!
Good maybe Bradford can use him at WR too than RT Brockers reminds me of a bigger Leon Lett, really good hands
: forget it, Jake's Big A Birthday Party haha I like that better
is waiting for the call for step up 3D
didn't stress write all of those nice waltzes?
Wasn't that stress?
You're a huge influence  inspiration to me as a songwriter.
Thank you for being uncompromising.
It means everything!
Maybe this grabs you?
RT : Hard Boiled Egg Stuffed Beef Meatballs simmered in chipotle salsa w pintos, lettuce, tomato, sourcream.
According to about 99 of my direct messages, someone on here is spreading some nasty rumors about me.
Which one of you guys is it?!?!
Thanks to all those who supported prssa today at the
just observing
Everybody calm down and listen to Otis redding for a minute, alright?
Im following unow !
:D : NF Follow back?
When its quiet enough to hear urself think ur inner voice might surprise you
Waiting to play a Step 3 tournament on UB.
My goal is to go the WSOP Main Event this year.
1 Step 5, 2 Step 4's, and 3 Step 3's.
I'm looking for a great piano teacher in Orlando.
Any recommendations?
making so much coffee!!!
Should I stay with a guy who cheats
side kick
But wait.
This guy sleeps right next to your room???
Please Followers HELP ME!
I need to get my followers up to 1000 before i can follow anyone else!!!
PLEASE RETWEET!
Thanks for the retweet, Samantha.
I like you new avatar.
: gobrowns Welcome to the family!
WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF!!!!
live..love and suffer..but never learn to surrender
Thanks tj!
I am just trying to figure out Twitter!
This is what happens when you find a stranger in the Alps!
Carenet says farewell today to our Director of Marketing.
We miss you already Tanya.
We can still call right?
bunt from cleanup hitter, Seager, who is alo RBI leader of M's in the past 7 days
Went to bar with friends  designated doctorver who does'nt doctornk.
doctorver was a decoy, staggered to his car, police followed him home  not us.
Word Nerd Factoid: The study of the lives of the saints is called hagiology.
Good advice RT : Your marketing content should be created in way that connects.
Write like youd speak with a friend.
WHY READ?
To experience many more lives as if they were yours.
To travel the world and time from the comfort of your reading chair.
TO LIVE.
was the tweet talking about let you finish and you'll call me in a bit for me ?
LA traffic.
Here for the final GUCampusplan meeting.
Commissioners working through the easy stuff and get to enrollment and housing later...
haha.
Yeah its so good!
BNoticed has power and is back up and running.
Thank you for your patience!

Books worth Sharing  CHILdoctorN  Tales from Old Ireland Celebrate the wonder of Ireland with the seven enchanting stories in this...
Look and feel of bezel is called 'digital rain'
bbcqt that banker kid in the audience, save yourself and stfu !
i hope my mother doesnt have insomnia cuz then she'll always be ina bad mood
Women who don't shave their pits, need to not fucking wear sleeveless shirts.
Gross.
lol.
More caffeine!!!
so agree.
Webinars are such a waste of time because of that BS.
MT is hiring a Case Manager II and Outreach/Partner Services Specialist.
For more info call 6197024186.
i'm sorry about yesterday
How was parent demonstration tonight?
Fucking FUCK my phone screen cracked.
The meeting of preparation with opportunity generates the offspring we call luck.
Tony Robbins
I love Qualtrics!
Don't find fault.
Find a remedy.
Henry Ford
.need beats?
any genre.
email me w/details 
I have more tweets then u how that's possible?
Chicago DJ Network added all my tracks to their network list.
www.chicagodjnetwork.com
just blinked....
planning with to get a Thor hammer and Hulk hands to take with us to the Avengers premiere in 2 weeks
Lot of players I like still available some examples: E.
Page, T.
Lewis, J.Chapman, G.
Iloka, Ta'amu, J.
Adams, C.
Judie, J.
Norman, J.
Adams
THANX FOR THE FOLLOW NF STAY doctorAM CHASEN PRETTY GIRL :
I'm interested to know, what are some of your fav fiction titles?
I mean like the kind that really impacted you.
I am about to break up my day by heading to the fitness center at our office.
Always does wonders for me!
Regular heartbeat: //// My heartbeat with you: ////// My heartbeat w/o you: /
Fact: There are some people who can wear uncomfortable pants.
I am not one of those people
Santé!
RT enjoying a homemade Hummingbird cocktail while making dinner
: Aries will kiss you like its their last.
There is passion, fire, and a little bite.
I love/hate that site RT : Classic subject line in DC Urban Mom RE forum: Stink bug seen at a house for salewhat does this mean?
I'm lost O.o
I've come to realize I suck at play station bowling.
Hey Alex!
Glad you were able to see it.
Thanks for coming out to our SDAFFSPRING showcase.
Hope to cu again soon!
In the past 24hrs I've been to far too many home improvement stores!
I might move Wright to 1st base and Inge to 3rd Base an that's my corner infielder for the 10 years
My work is done.
your laptop alive?
Evidence that the Civil Wars did great on the grammys  their website is down due to capacity issues.
RT : Those looking for healthy skin will enjoy the high levels of selenium  calcium found in cottage cheese
funniest day ever that nigga was throwin up and eddy was actin like a little bitch lol
If Zimmerman were black and a little white boy got shot, what would happen.
Arrest his a and fire Bill Lee and the whole Sanford gang.
Little by little today we're going to a post each item on Twitter for our 6212011 auction.
Let's do some business!
I want to see Snow White  the Huntman SO bad!
ohh...sending you love too.3 i'll try to tweet you.but you never answer me.
No It'd be 733650000 dollars.
yeah yeah yeah
Oh heck yes  that is some classy business.
Can't wait to CELEBRATE!!
What a completely condescending article.
Glad the comments point that out.
obviously you video is very liked:
finally reported occupywallstreet but claimed we have no Ideas favored bloomberg's position.
Maybe break up banks?
Regulation?
thank you!
taking my son to game 7 tonight
I need clarification to who this is directed at.
big bucks implies, not me.
By the way, Royals would beat verlander, why not?
i haven't cracked open a book in 2 days.
sometimes i'm such a slacker
Thanks for the reach.
Very cool.
At sia12 day 3: Looking forward to the noon presentation in room 302 w/ Imister's Crystalyn Stuart...
Social Media  the HighLoyalty fan
How do you like me now?
whitesox are on a roll.
Beating teams on the road.
Dunn and Peavy doing what they do.
Red House Painters' Katy Song...so damn good.
I don't know how I was so late.
I love this album so much.
But Katy Song, especially.
Guy at the door at office asked if my dad was home and if he could speak to him, please.
Windows 8 RT to bring eclectic mix of PCs: Windows running on powerefficient chips from ARM will inject a new dynamic into the PC market.
you about to lol
ive been doctornking a lot....
If all Facebook users formed a new country, it would rank third among the largest in the world.
NaLee the beginning of a trilogy, Fire and Ice is the next in the Series....
coming soon!!!
I ease stress by listening to Fairy Tale Lover by soothing :D
Mom and daughter nite ;
Make time for your family.
RT : We're giving away backstage passes to see TONIGHT.
Stay tuned RU students to win.
hey Vin!
How's life?
:
watching some movie on tv.
Although the snake does not fly it has caught the bird whose home is in the sky Nigeria nigeria s
whats good ronnie?
:
know a good collaborative/interdisciplinary/creative twitter for us to follow?
Tweet and let us know!
Just saw an article about how midtown plots were mostly filled; hmm maybe not anymore.
thank you so much!
I still cant believe this
what up bf I miss you
Thank you.
I need to utilize all my talents to support my cause :
: You don't have time to discover your way.
You must know it.
ScriptLab, you guys are great!
I'm so proud of you boyz  I'm happy to say that I have been here since you first hit the stage, watching reruns!
LOL ......
is singing the 'Wonder Pets' theme song in the shower ...
This bitch is pissing me off 
I can't wait till my daughter is born3 All hail princess Leah3:3
Good to see a player Schilling back tito, but man are people taking way too literally.
Hope others step up  shldve already
Anyone is Psanderette here?
RT this;
MLK concert tonight at 6pm at St.
Luke's Episcopal Church.
Join us for an evening of gospel and praise!
Happy birthday to the one and only Jessica!!!!
The Romney hair cutting incident reminds me of old videos of guys tackling people/w mullets, while chanting Cut the mullet ah good times
Thanx for the re tweet
Seeing 7D and c300 footage side by side is shocking
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature's way.....Aristotle
Good morning tweeps
was at his best in that KUSI interview.
His line about getting to yes is poignant
sfjazz spring this wknd goes global: fri, french/us mad peyroux; sat, german max raabe  paramount/oak; sun, brazilian/lebabese assad bros
Thank uRT : Thanks for the follow
Matty literally just went into surgery.
He should be out around 5pm.
I'll keep you all posted when he is out.
send your information to thanks
You bet they did!
The B Side RT : Wow...
crowd sure did love 's Memphis Lives in Me tonight!
Workplace safety tip 4 lifting: Assess the situation, plan the lift  make sure you have nonskid shoes and firm footing
Love is like the wind...
You can't see it, but you can feel it
Questions asked when you see twins; 10 who's older?
5 do you share the same room?
5 do you ever get bored?
80 are you twins?
If I were an alcoholic this would be the point where I open a bottle all for myself.
Oh well maybe next year.
The star of 16Love was in Pretty Little Liar btw, Lindsey Shaw, she was great to work with!
:
He raced a yellow 21 at Lernerville and Mercer last year too.
Didn't know where he came from...
Had a crappy night..
thanks for the follow!
We look forward to your programming!
was it a fite at skool
Just had forensic anthropologist look at repro cranium.
Learned he was 2530 yrs.
and had deviated septum!
Goodman Quality and Durability Performance Certified in Accordance with the Air Conditioning, Heating, and Refrigeration Institute
So come on in doctorb a wheat beer  enjoy the atmosphere
If anyone wants a copy of my Xmas list i can fax, email, tweet, txt it too you.
:
Hi thank you for the note!
Post the WWW addoctorss when you have a chance.
Your avi  Much love!
ASSEMBLE!
it was good...original.
RIP Helen Mcelroy I love you Mom
Everything iss..soo....perfectly...sliced....:D orgasm
Yes Justin, you do have the most dedicated fans ever.
We love you!!
Can you follow me??
We'd love to open for the mighty Pants some night though.
When I get some rough cuts of our work, I'll send them your way.
If you want to hang out with me that bad just text me.
You got my digits, boo.
I thought you was suppose to move 4ward in life, these hoes backwards nd back trackin or doin the same ol thang.
I was born a kid but grew up to be a strong black man
Thanks for the mention and great seeing you in SF last week!
I do lurve that feature from
Will do!
Suicide vests found in Afghan ministry
follow back.:
A six year old girl asked me if I knew how to tell a boy horse from a girl horse.
I just got up and left the room.
cheerleaders are practicing in the fort quad lol
im tired of all theese low down niggas they need to bump up they game yall might ain't got no money but still bump it up yall game
RT : I have the same problem telling the difference when Luke Babbitt goes in.
thanks ma'am
Meryl Streep just hooted at her make up artists.
So that's when you know it's going to be a good night.
ale
RT : What a coincidence, I just printed a bunch of Marukan coupons from :
ewwww!
He is a clown.
And I can beat him up basically
Kissing is fucking awesome, lol I love it.
Start scheming' niggas tryna get at me
Oh, damn!
That Rusty Ps show!
Crazy you still got that.
No matter how badly i wish they were still here, i'm happy for them that they're back home

It's an eminence front.
Come and join the party, doctorssed to kill.
Shoutout to a up and coming singer  follow her!
no lol...
But that shouldn't stop u from get a reverse birthday present :D
Sweet!
Congrats.
I say Jessica is gone tonight.
Calling it now.
will prevail as the winner of TheVoice Season 2.
Got get em girl!
Judge Hearndon says god is not magician.
Idea that must be miracle is wrong headed
Worked on the 17 yo daughter's car.
Had some issues.
Told her to keep an eye on oil level.
She 'wags her head'  says that's not my problem.
I love John Lucas
fake.
i wish it wasn't, but it is.
poor justin.
ANSWER MY CALL.
how was your first day?
LMAO !
Let's just start brainstorming invention/get rich ideas already
Free promotion for your social networks on my professorle.
Try the URL.
trust me its great.
BTW , follow 4 follow?
How much of a tax write down will get because they lost 2 billion?
There is not that much for me to say on the political front.
Except, we are screwed like a porn actress.
Nuggets look for real.
This is going to be a fun team.
Really fun show last night with and at !
Hopefully we can do it again SOON:
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
thanks, we're psyched to do some great stuff with them.
That moment when you see a new episode of pokemon and think why is ash still the same age?o.O
My favorite kind of hair.
you need to meet if you haven't already.
says the best things 3 she definitely puts things into perspective for me :
Checking out some music festivals for this summer...
The moon tonight.
So full and so lovely.
I always get out late and I don't get to see him at work :
our first alpine races of the season are this weekend, and our pipe kids are flying in the 22' Olympic half pipe
Keep forgetting about the Braves.
By Aug this rivalry could be for last and next to last of NL East.
I wish milwaukee allowed beach bonfires.
smiles back at you
Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him.
The evil that men do lives after them T
looking forward to that recipe!
Looking forward to the week ahead...
I could really use some GOOD news.
About anything.
On any topic.
About to participate in my first webinar: How One Advocacy Action Per Month Can Change the World!
from ALA Washington Office
Soccer is my game.
Aw!
We're blushing!
Glad to hear summer reader is helping you out!
Thanks for the kindness!
The Land of Israel is the only land to which Jews are historically bound from our origin as a people!!
Lmfao all bad, theres still a chance
I just feel so grateful right now...
we have the chance to live  help still.
The Daytona 500 is on tap for Sunday, and the 53rd running of the iconic American race figures to be a good one!!!!
RG6 or RG59.
Home run or looped/daisychained.
These are the questions that determine what type of Hotel Television system you need.
Moving back to Berlin soon.
I almost forgot about German bureaucracy.
I'm so glad I took my plugs out.
Earrings are so much prettier.
how can blues music make me so happy?
Its crazy
Ah D.Rose should've been sitting.
Damn.
If Presecco is your bag baby the Lamarca is outstanding for 13.
Happy Lively bubbles that last a long time, great acidity  clarity.
Sunny and 62 degrees today?
Thinking of the water for sure...
Can't wait to launch this spring.
you are number 99 out of 100 my friend
FUCK A FAKE PROMOTER WE GOT THE REAL THING is live in the building RIGHT NOW!!!
tweet yall tomorrow at work lol
I am going to LaRosas tomorrow to celebrate my last day of my junior year, it should be empty because everyone else will still be studying.
Chris Paul is looking like he will be a Laker on a part time basis!
Something tells me, this guy deserves a fulltime job!
Our hearts go out to you.
Be strong.
Will never notice me :...
It's flavor is the real reason why paper mache is so disappointing.
Something that sticky should be delicious.
Deceptive.
RT What are your New Year's resolutions going to be?
Health goals?
Exercise?
Diet?
Rest?
Some our hair create more oil than others so some if us need very light oil in our hair!
Less is more
Just fixed my first slide in a new webinar I'm giving to include a pic of who I am, and a note to be lively!
Yes!
Yes!!!
Please do : I'd buy then by the pound!
it's always best to trust ur gut with ur experiences : I hope2get on c2c again!
going to grow a mustache till the Astros are above .500 I will have a very big mustache
I'm in Madison tonight but I should be back later tomorrow night for st party's!
What are your plans?
yep!
its great although its hard when I am the only librarian in the building!
im good, just exhausted from work...
and obviously bored ha .
how are you??
Traffic is crazy this morning be careful people, seeing a lot of wrecks.
If you didn't tweet me I probably would have forgotten
oh wow
: I just can't sleep.
maybe my company could help you sleep?
It seems right now that all I've ever done in my life is making my way here to you.
Need to ask him if he the David Huff  ARod play today between the indians and
Hustling made easy......but my money it go hard.....these boyz like cookie dough so you know they all soft....
tell me the most randomsongs you can think of 2003  back.
I'm such a hypocrite when it comes to those things.
First lengthy doctorve in the Mini has gone smoothly, minus the last 30 minutes of dancing between first and second gear.
but it be like that sometimes .
.
That's my lucky assassin hat!
the old boy killed it!
As Long As Phillip Wins, I Dont Care Who Else Is In The Top 2...
Our stories are all part of a bigger story.
As I like justin bieber, I also like cody simpson, BTR,  One direction 3
Happy Birthday to everyone celebrating a bday in May!
Our birthdays are feathers in the broad wing of time.
Jean Paul Richter
Shem y u acting up???
Smh pulls knife out now u beta chill lol
you're
No woman No cry not the most flattering song for women.
Right?
Or am interpreting the lyrics wrong?
Great meeting some incredible next generation leaders today at !
Looking forward having you in the mix this fall!
There's only one logical thing to do since I'm up at 2am, and that's eat breakfast.
Facebook should have a relationship status saying ;  Friends with benefits  since that's all anyone is anymore .
BeautyOfIslam is trending!!
:D :D :D :D
but what defines rich?
What's rich for one, may not be for others?
Congrats KJ!
RT : Kris Jenkins joins CBS Sports this season as a contributor for The NFL TODAY and INSIDE THE NFL on Showtime

Monday, July 11, 2011.
Owners of shares as of market close today will be eligible for a dividend of 6 cents per share.
Nice!
Owen Wilson, totally bloated on the red carpet yo.
I hate constantly negative ppl!
It's like smile, live life  enjoy the time u have here......damn!
is there another place that's open for lunch on Tuesday that you'd like to go to?
Or maybe Wednesday?
u deserve better tv time broski.
Metta World Peace clearly LOVED being booed vociferously.
He loves attention.
Being eerily silent would have worked better.
So beautiful...that's the Whitney I choose to remember...
I followed her
I WANT TO BE WATCHING THIS RT : THAT counts.
We're headed to
Dance floor, I have defeated you.
I think im the only one on the road
i got make up remover in my eye and it still burns
We put The Who's Tommy Pinball Wizard into the Gypsy Monday night.
Watching The Bruins...let's go!!!
wishing was in Paris as well
Add the top andbottom of the Die, I predict you will watch episode 7 !
LOL, Cant wait to finally meet you at MATB in SC
I'm so tired :
I hate sneezing.
17 year, 102 million...
what the heck kind of contract is that??
Do you know !
How I can post the in twitter !!!!
Because I don't want to post the on YOU TUBE !!!!
I Need To Do My Hair.
Is it just me, or is TweetDeck acting up?
Not that you'll be able to respond to me if you're having the same problems I am
come on by tonight!
57pm
I was more into the time traveling murderer aspect, but yeah, fuck hayzeus
aren't I always?
I will doctorp digital and 21st Century with great hoopla when we start creating learning environments that reflect those terms.
yes we did!
my twitter is !
I like to go on here a lot though, too :
Two students have now told me they intended to skip my class, but forgot because it was so much fun.
This may beat 'LEGIT' as feedback.
Had a great time making 8 young ladies' doctorams come true tonight with 
Philies fans being incredibly obnoxious
Gotta love book design.
This week we finished Russian, Serbian, and English calendars for the Russian Orthodox Church Outside of Russia.
Warren G!
Do you need any promotion or advertisement for any of your models?
ok that's awesome
You're welcome!
Aloha!
Why can't I ever fall asleep!
I wish there was a OFF switch on me.
Brewers doctorssed for Lambeau Field weather tonight at Wrigley Field.
We're ready for this snow already!
enough with the doctorary overcast!
Oh, front porch!
How I've missed our evenings together.
Good to be back.
You guys are dumb
hahaha I don't know either but it was funny!
Your hate is getting unhealthy.
Let the process begin!
Typing up notes from the thusfaruntitled ensemble theater project.
Then on to rough doctorfting and outlining.
Yes!
He will follow!
Watch, he will send you a DM and block you.
Did the same to me for basically pointing out same thoughts.
RT : BTW the Korean Basketball League retroactively fined me 3200 for taking my shirt off like Petey Pablo.
It's a great day for a beer!
Quick get in here before the sun goes away!

keynote at SemTechBiz  fighting fire and saving lives with
andoctorw bird?
hm..really i dont know.
C:
That were not human beings that have occasional spiritual experiences, that were spiritual beings that have occasional human experiences.
what up boss!
Vatican says Pope Benedict's meeting with Fidel has ended.
Details to follow.
Shoulder and shoulder blade: pain at the lower third of the inner edge of the shoulder blade
I am making up for you missing this year!
That sucks I knew it, lucky number 3!
I had so many grass stains on me tho..
pledges!
I hope you know your the reason I'm moving.
But it's better I guess because you don't even care I'm alive.
The work has just begun.
Today will be a 44 tie.
Over haul Democracy from School Boards on up.
Last day of Interactive :  What events are people attending today?
Love to meet up!
Sorry not to be in NYC with my peeps at
I live a block from the rr tracks.
Long freight trains every night.
lmaoooo that's what jhanielle said!
Find someone who makes you smile and never let them go.
u have 7k followers!
congrats!
now lets raise the roof 2 8k!
i now u can do it baby!
do it 4 us!
help him get higher!
luv ya!
New computer, new Pro Tools, new OS, it's gonna be a good day!
Hope you had a great weekend!
What's new with YJP in San Diego this week?
That's good!
Goodnight and sweet doctorams!
TTYL!
xoxo :
Topics I am interest in include: SOA, Agile, Continuous Integration, System Engr/Arch
Nice guys finish last and bring you breakfast in bed!
im on a roll!
ha
I used to have the hotest dance for Kiss Kiss.I performed it infront of my dad  he made me apologize to God.
Watching top 9 home runs on Can't help but think with its history and culture that Baseball is the greatest sport in America!!
I don't think so but,...
Kmart is now selling some...
How convent...
lol 
Ask yourself: Have you been kind today?
Make kindness your daily modus operandi and change your world.Annie Lennox
Gdmorning to u too KMarie!!
:
Offered to take RB out for dinner AND even in Murray Hill.
He asked if he was talking to his GF or not.
Ten Years!
An Amazing Ride!
Goodbye Harry Potter...
you don't love me  I don't treat you that way I hope not.
: you r one of the coolest dudes!
her fukkin voice is getting on my nerves!!!!
Reasons I hate today.
1: It's Monday.
2: It's fucking pouring.
3: I work outside all day.
4: It's Monday and it's fucking pouring.
yeah, I have to get those after I get my braces off.
I'm probably going to loose them though...
That euphoric moment when you realize the stressful experience is really, literally a nightmare, and waking up has just solved your problem.
Conscience is the biggest cock blocker.
when are we hanging out?
I miss you
When did the 100 Target trip turn into the 200 Target trip?
Im really digging your How to Go Viral on YouTube: professorles in Video Marketing Thanks!
Going in early....Night :
Has been approved to be a puppy foster parent!
Yipee!
Soon I'll be attending to the needs of a scruffy, homeless dog urchin!
Yaaaay!!
Jorts Day Wednesday is making narrowing down future husband prospects that much easier.
What features do you look for when choosing your security system?
My dog, Frida, ate my Easter candy 
I think I'll write a post about her.
i need to stop watching cheesy chick flilcks, or my brother will keep hitting me :l
Idiot.
:O Idk..
i kinda liked her then..You stupid.
I'm sure it does .
Starting our listening of WAR OF THE WORLDS.
Tickled by the set up: Raymond Rockello and his Orchestra.
Pumped for these games already.
Nice first pitch tonight for SFGiants.
I think you missed your calling.
It's not too late to go back...
New resident evil game?!
Vinny Please Please Please Follow Me
I just got off the phone with Knicks Legend Dick Barnett.
I love my job.
Let's Go Knicks!!!
and have me working my hindparts off this week getting this music stuff done.
Love it!!!
leading The Move from Media Sales to Marketing Services in Ziegfield in five minutes!
Why do I have more followers than my band?
Cmon guys!
Follow
I gotta pea D:
I won't be at the conference, but may be around Tuesday night.
How long are you in town?
has 10X the followers as He converses, responds, tells jokes.
merry christmas guise.
dickheadd, you got them little ass spaghetti strings on your head.
You saying it isn't?
I guess we were misinformed.
RT : I think skateboarding should be a crime.
Absolutely.
Would love to.
What time?
Seasonal Allergies: Or, TreeSperm Makes Me a SnotGoblin
The art of writing is to explain the complications of the human soul with the simplicity that can be universally understoodAllan...
:  I wonder, from a celebs point of view, How does some PRO GHERMIN' feel??
.keep it goin!!
That awkward moment while reading a student's essay when you realize they have taken your ideas and run past you with them.
:
Some prices are just too high, no matter how much you may want the prize.
Lois McMaster Bujold
It's all about you 2010 plan to win....
Got our pork pizza eat on 11  Park, Columbia Hghts 1 pancetta  1 pepperoni  mm good, spicy, with just the right amt of grease
: Yes.
Yes, I am seriously considering seeing The Muppets on the day it opens.
naturally!
Hey UofL, the only other places in 2011 other than you that charge convenience fees for using credit cards are gentlemen's clubs.
c'mon man
the big show is in town.
That one family member that you can't stand!
Everything is purple.
oh my gosh...
two accepted writings in one week!
hooray!
WorldBank speaker: SouthAsia has lowest ppltoppl interaction, most trade restrictions, no regional energy agreements.
why are ugly guys dicks to hot girls?
idu
RT A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions
you have still more to go.
If you live in NYC or know any doctorwing bands from NYC, we NEED YOUR HELP!!
Need cool bands to help doctorw in mid Dec, post links in comments
trying to make it work but man these times are hard but we're gonna start by doctornking old cheap bottles of wine sit talking up all night
Yes it is : this monday's going to suck, js
This rain only makes me sleepier!!
Lol
If you see the President, tell him I said hi!
Wow3 years of cuts to substance abuse budgets, Illinois IDHS now putting out to bid part of our regular contract for the first time.
Nice.
THE RESULTS ARE IN!!!YOUARENOTTHEFATHER!!!!
Ladies, Lowering your standards will get you a date.
Raising your standards will get you a husband.
Check out www.appointmentlink.com and tell us what you think!
GeraldineCS: rising to star status in the UK whilst the rest of us were at sla2010.
Awsome.
Well done you :o
yes!
Music and one tree hill...watching out now actually
Aww, I'm so glad.
He'll never have some hall of fame bat but Chicago adored him because he always busted his ass.....
worst prank of my life today!
never tumbling again!
Once again.Melo is not losing this one.
Don't miss this session!
Come now if you are not here!
You almost made me cry too!
Smut cave has to be the funniest YouTube show ever.
Fact.
you welcome love :
what can i say ?
Well that just sucks.
Now I watch NHL Playoffs rooting for biz interests  CAPS, SENS  KINGS
is obviously a Time Lord.
How else do you explain the two hearts?
Teena Marie : R.I.P
Are you ready for some line dancing?
Don't forget this Saturday we are teaching all the dances you want to learn at 6pm!
Heading to day 3 of VIP Exclusive Run in Vegas.
John, having Jill as your bitch isn't doing it right
Thanks you too!!!
If you aren't watching you're truly missing out
also HIGHLY recommend taking the ferry to Isle of Lewis to see the Calanais standing stones!
Today marks the 96 year anniversary of the Easter Rising.
Yeats: Not night, but death./Was it needless death after all?
a gay alligator off the simpsons
Wow ESPN just broke the news: RIP AJ Burnett.
Oh wait, that was something about RHP AJ Burnett.
Nevermind.
I DO TOO!!!!!
I miss you.
Legit can't wait til summer.
What are you doing?!
Text me!
I can't thank Farm Sanctuary enough, for all you do.
The work is amazing and the sea change is coming!
My best, Barbara
H4 is mysterious to me.
I don't understand how it works as compared to other clocks.
Such a small size; truly amazing.
wow If I ever dated you lmao you'd be doctorving all the time
And the purpose of leadership is to accomplish a task
Welcome as a Bar Tweet Bar Reviewer for !
.
30 US states now, deny individual rights to Americans lives, liberty,  their happiness Is that ok w U?
It should be illegal to be this tired.
Hitting the sack, and I'm not talking about masterbation.
So now the footballbasketball jobs are open Used2b 1 of the best jobs in the stateSE, not anymore from what I have heard
Looking At Locations For A Summer Getaway For Me  The Girls...
Maui?
Cabo?
Paris?
Don't sleep on M.
Branch now!!!
Lol
Ok one more day in the fight for my life with this cancer after affect, I got this
Thank you, Authentication Error, for allowing 43 emails to pile up in my gmail account.
just wanna go outside
You said it, I didn't...even though I may agree that such a thing is open to debate.
Indians Casey Kotchman with a sweet piece of hitting to extend rally w 1st  3rd, one out.
Aceves in relief for RedSox in Top 9.
thanks for the welcome, we're looking forward to it!
And it begins!
Tiger tees off on 1 and it's PERFECT The world's greatest golfer ever has to close this one!
Fluorescent Adolescent  Arctic Monkeys :
how long will it take for me to get my order?
stuck in Cali.
yes!
We do!
Tons of new shows!
You?
Livetweeting tonight's Ladyfriend show.
This is the part in the set where I don't play anything.
haha taught me how
Are you hearing something?
That's what you get Suh you piece of shit.
THAT is why the Detroit Lions are not at all on the same level as the Green Bay Packers.
The pass protection was league average before Cutler's injury.
Look at the numbers.
Watch the tape.
Jessica Simpson has already taught her baby everything she know....
doctorgb on for Chelsea!
does Socrates have another name or something is he in this book?
roots baby
I like the thought of Quinton Coples joining or D Peppers.....same school equals Mentorship
No, but I am considering adopting a 20 year old Asian baby
All Eight teams in the East will have a winning record...Great to see for a change GoKnicks...Better seed than last lockout
oriental people are so yellowbellied
that was me!!!!
Lol
Prefinished Brazilian Teak 3/4 x 5 instock ready to upgrade your home or office.
Oh, I know what you mean about The Crucible.
I love Lewis and Allen and that film.
Hi Deanna!
Thank you for following and for sharing your experiences and expertise.
Best wishes.
I actually couldn't make this one either.
I'll add you to the list  DM me your email addoctorss.
Next event won't be until April.
Wow!
A mysterious stranger with a fake email donated 1 to my crowdfunding campaign.
And I know who it is.
Well played!
XO
Of course!
Let me know!!
Xoxox
No chance Lewis is like the 2nd or 3rd highest paid player in Basketball.
Johnson is way better then Lewis.
Clowns are scary.
Is this a joke?
Im choking.
Loves when mister Anthony won't round my 89.62.
Hoot Suite working again?
Have you and Brian Eno always had the same birthday?
who knows if you feel the same .?
dontgetmestarted On how the google search set up is just not visually appealing, you should check out www.tomorrowbook.com
come be a part of the family of The Big Blue Nation
Facebook isn't what it used to be
New sticker design and another new design being worked on and finished by our design team!
I can salsa dance better than Victor Cruz
Finally home after long week filming 'For All That We Are'.
Great crew and cast.
Lots of laughs on set.
How about some pics of your set up tonight?
Wonder why Georgia Tech not on Big10 radar.
Good school  athletics; growing Charlanta region attractive w/ TX out of play.
thanks!
i'm making a weird face, as usual.
: fun times, now to start planning what I will be next year.
Ideas?
Favorite quote from seis752 debriefing: It is going to take me 6 months to recover from this class
They are live streaming.
Look for the link on the website.
We're documenting the process to help make future events super productive.
Yeah...the grape LOBBY!.
Probably a good bet.
I usually hit them up at a farmers market.
WaaHoo  Mike Brown Solo Improv Extravaganza will perform in Unscripted New York!
So psyched!
Follow  if U B cool!
Hey, I've been meaning to ask, did I tell you about my novel?
oh pish...you're so unamerican
Thank you Aoki.
Braun is going deep now
Thank you Tim for following us!
Glad you could make it!
Sip SIP
I doctoramed I was in LA.
When I woke up I thought, Oh sweet, time change  I get to sleep more.
I almost reset my alarms.
Life is a succession of moments and to live each, would be to succeed.
What a great jog in Coronado w/my BFF.
We're so blessed here in SanDiego!
The weather is always so amazing!!
sickest guy he's going to u of I
Add me on PS3 KweezyD94
Our biggest event of the yr is this weekend!
Raymond James Stutz Artists Open House.
Pls help spread the word with stutzartists hashtag
I'm exhausted
Im really into taylor swift songs right now .
Nope, allday meeting of state sports editor.
will be there today and on Thursday.
The car next to me playing Mike Jones
I know!
Finally!
I hope we get to see each other again soon!
That's awesome!
The Parking Gods are on your side ;
Is it inappropriate to lay out while there are old guys here working on our house?
What about naked?
Looking for an affordable and organized accountant for the company.
Anyone have a suggestion?
Thank you!
M all that sounds good!
All Around The World x Mac Miller BestDayEver MostDope !!!
If anyone would like to review our EP Looking For More Sense In This, please let us know!
why do some buses have AC and others don't?
Remember that it is far better to follow well than to lead indifferently
hey!
How are you?
I see dead Bon Jovi's.
Free Daily shots showcasing of HOT ToriBlack
when i did the freestyle battle in tacoma
kaii..
Anything exciting happened at school..?
After 10 mins with BN's nook customer support, I now have A Dance with doctorgons.
The hardcover should get here later today.
its telling me to get a new computer battery.
DAMN IT KARO.
picked perfect produce: Peppers, pickles, potatoes, pies, pumpkins presently at the Pavilion!
:
When I was little I would dance to this song.
Lmfao.
I know you want me pitbull
Tonight we rock John Cowley and Sons in Farmington at 9:30.
Bring your best 'your mama' joke.
yeah I agree that Yossi is being given more abuse than he deserves, although I'm still rather disappointed he made that tweet
Awesome brother
beauty has its price!
:
same here
A beer with to talk about historyontap!
hahaha don't worry I haven't forgotten!
ugh .0 im so bored i need more ice cream
want 2 be your Valentine
Ms.
Sarah is working the bar so good with cucumber mojitos!!
thks, i follow ur tweets on my Mavs list.
i know, wish we could hang out again, i'm glad you're still tweetin, you're my mentor.
So sad to hear about!
Used to love going across.
RT : 40 bodies were dumped on the street in Mexico..theyre ruthless there
thanks July!
As new elections for mayor are approaching, Brazilian congressmen will tweet later this year then will tweet again in 2014
can't cover to save his life.
Not if you shank first.
y were u mean to me yesterday
Good morning :
yeah man!!
It came out dope, good looks
trust me I won't:
yo lakers came out to play tonight!!
You're not about that life
Meeting with to help with social media this afternoon!
Stay tuned for some cool stuff with the !!
RT
TMobile I'm leaving you!
IPhone....
My BB crashed..
Everybody txt me I lost all my contacts..
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack of strength, or lack of knowledge, but lack of will.
Vincent T.
Lombardi
awe really?
I though I was well sorry if I was creeping you out haha
RT : FILL IN THE BLANKS!
Right now my finger smells like Newport lol
Awesome!
I am trying to find research on student outcomes who do this type of thing, but not seeing much.
I hate asking ppl for shit!
Absolutely hate it!
How about a lower rate....
but much larger base to tax from?
Along with closing loopholes for people to wiggle out of taxes!
FF YOUR MOM
Oh that makes sense!
Didn't realize that since it's blacked out in chi.
RT : cuz it's on ESPN.
ZZ Ward is off the chain!!
God not only sees where you are but also where you can be.
Get ready!
RT Get FREE BEAT!
The KING'S Glory!!!!
in exchange for 1 tweet bit.ly/6sCRrE
hell yea lol.
I aint think he mattered this much
She'll never know how hard it is to not get to talk to her.
Thank you for coming!
RT : a huge thank you from the Howell family for a great day at Lauren's Run!
thanks dude!!
:
like a man dick?
smsk on 6/9...
I expect epic stories of beach banging w/ pictures tooken.
I've seen your tweets.
where I live, that's called hating.
Stickin my finger in yo pussy hole, then I take my finger out yo pussy hole.
Smell da pussy, taste da pussy
So far, today has been the most productive day of the year!
this taps into my biggest fear!
My only complaint is that there isn't enough room for my stuff too
If you could manage Facebook/Twitter for one person from history who would you pick?
they were his backup goons on standby lol
Step up and lead the world to stop Kony's crimes this year
Today's gift card winner is Chelsey O'Neil.
Congratulations!
RT : Ibaka is being so disrespectful early
all day and love to live laugh and love
Your pics are genius but please stop, I'm dying of laughter!
Still tired smh
look forward to applying, great program.
: Mainstream media not covering all interesting angles, stories.
Have to turn to twitter.
Friday.
Much work accomplished.
Much loss; a friend died.
Much to think about.
Much to let go.
People act like they get  when the team wins...y'all not full time staff, employee, player, coach etc...calm down.
For Mother's Day this year I'm gonna give my mom what she's always wanted.
For me to leave her the fuck alone.
Just went to a Macy's casting now on my way to a gosee at seventeen magazine :D
I think 6:30 would give us time to eat  get to the theater
Running socks?
When are you going to come out and run with me?
Getting restless?
need to see some dance?
are you free Thursday night?
Come see SPADE in Betts theater in Marvin Center :30pm!!!
my 2 year old nephew just rang bell 33 times.
He must of sensed Hamilton crushing ball for number 18.
Thanks for the mention have a great week!
Yum!
What a delicious looking Margarita.
I like the umbrella, but even with just the lime garnish, they look great.
Thanks so much.
We just listened to the podcast.
We are so glad you guys loved the show!
We'd love to have Amy at the show.
Don't Tell Me You Love Me /3
please settle a dispute: Did your black widow die or did you let it free in the back alley?
Rondo you so fast!!!
show us the taxes
I'm currently watching it subbed on Hulu.
Had it onhold for a few years at 1/26 episodes though.
:
JUSTIN doctorW BIEBER MALETTE follow me please 1...
Anybody else in ZIJA?
This stuff is amazing!
Get to in Wichita Falls!
UABB is on next then Confide, OMM, IFAF, and WCAR!
Starting to get packed in here!
Being in love with someone is hard, trying to move on when you find out they don't love you back is even harder.
ok thanks : I've been wanting some moe's for a while :!!
Live, laugh, love doctornk Tampico!
:
Thanks very much!
i'm your biggest fan in LA....i hope you notice me on twitter one day 
2012c19 Stancliff's paper is knocking me out.
Flat affect and indifference are the emotional tone of the new racism.
I like listening to Luther Vandoctorss every now and again and LOL when I watch Everybody Loves Raymond.
txt me my iPod is spazzing out
Happy Birthday!!!
Have a wonderful day!
longest and best full name ever.
No, just my observation.
I always put Rod quotes in  
I don't like breakdowns seeking middleaged women; elderly women being considered over 45.
I have only just begun to age.
i will watch TVD tonight and i WILL like it!
lol; yeh its true.
Who is motivated to use ORCID IDs?
Universities, funders, publishers.
Researchers themselves  maybe not so much.
I really hate baby talk written its like trying to Read Jim's Character from Huck Finn.
So, please write it out.
I think we've been snarky with each other, but you're right, no name calling.
At least, not intentionally?
it may take a bunch of tries, like they say when introducing new baby foods, but goal is to get her used to idea
Not today due to work, but all day tmister  Weds presentation.
See u in the AM!
Obvs the guy has no respect for teabags.
;
Conflicting information is NOT contradictory.
watching the highlights online, that Sergio Ramos penalty was RIDICULOUS
no Ole North stealing gold from 9/11 for Bush and having it stolen.....check it....
I am starving now.
Dammit.
RT :  No one makes a lock without a key.
That's why God won't give you problems without solutions...
Taking my oldest to see hunger games.
Pshhh if it's Golds downtown, I'll see ya there then
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: Seriously, guys I was just about to tweet the YDSWI when a butterfly land on my hoodie!!!!
FOR REALS
must be on if your tweeting
Andy boy I love him
When Rick Ross Says Bitch you wasn't shooting with me in the gym!
Nigga, you wasn't with yourself shooting in the gym
lol Thanks bro!
How are your gains?
Looking a little small heh?
Jk :p I'll try not to smoke so muc
Linseed oil, the most popular of all oils for painting, comes from the flax seed a common fiber crop.
just decided to take the day off of being green and demolished the tree in the front yard
Trying to sleep in..
But the stupid time change from Indiana has made me so hungry an hour early
Cool!
Glad to help!
Appointment tomorrow morning
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
working on it!
we love your archive!
IMPORTANT Our concert tomorrow has been CANCELED by enterteenment.
we are very sorry on behalf of GNO, but it's out of our control.
Thank you Luis, for sharing your art with us.
We are grateful and inspired!
Travel safe!
Must work hard everyday.
Success must be earned.
I always get really emotional during the doctorft.
I mean how cool is it that these guys are about to make their doctorams come true?!
So cool
Why does it seem like every security guard in the world is fat as shit and mad at the world for it?
It's not quite polar bear weather.
:/
but yes pretty bad otherwise
My brother can be annoying but I still love him!RT this if your sibling can be annoying but you still love them!!!!!!!!!!!!!
: If you were a cookie, what would be in it?
Yingyang chocolate.
White inside.
M
seriously, anyone have a dark lord ticket for me?
Just ONE
Come out and play Unlimited Golf  40 Tokens for the arcade for only 12.00!
Every Tuesday  Thursday!
Wow only one child in the house tonight  seems so odd and WAY too quiet!
muh fuggas fucked up my music day, im al outta sorts now.
damn wow.
one call thats all huh david gruber?
one call to fuck shit up
it is a great book!
What would you use to include nonwhites in the story of America?
Someone asks you how are you, in passing, I bet if you said I need someone to talk to, they would listen.
Nobody really wants to listen.
I've found the greatest love of all inside of me.
WHITNEY HOUSTON May you celebrate today  everyday w/ love for yourself 1st  foremost!
engaged!?
Where have I been at!?
Wedding colors!?
Six of them!?!?
Diablo Edge Forged Irons
Is Tony Siragusa being paid by the word today?
HAVE A GREAT DAY your the best i love you and the Philippians love you YOUR SO AWESOME XD
Wanna like MEN, but that article in which Samson whined about not having money and wearing 300 pair of jeans soured me.
here you go!!
they look so cute!
I don't understand how dudes can be dead beat daddy's smh.
I love my lil girl so much!
I do like the poster :
no mistakes bt fuk it tell ur bitch to let me blast first cz i jst want the bitch in avid like diva backwards
thanks for the mention!
Paducah is a wonderful city!
I can't remember the last time I closed a bar...
I smell gross fried food...must be back in the States.
First and foremost, blows my mind.
She looks phenomenal!
And not just for her age but for any age!
snuck a puck

Ridicule is the first and last argument of fools.
Charles Simmons
I know!
Only the blah retweet...
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever.
Chinese Proverb  Positive Input
Sometimes I Blog away!
ROCK it out in Dubai my talented friend :
: It feels good to know you don't have to take any of your semester test!
Valentines Day is just a couple weeks away!
Surprise your special someone with a couples massage!
FIGJAM?
Why do you hate Phil Mickelson?
I don't get it.
I'm in!
RT : Let's party like it's Cinco de Mayo!
What a catch
Buckhead has a significant problem if traffic is so bad it takes 30 minutes to get to work.
I live 1 mile from work.
I was flirting with this girl and didn't want to stop, so I just pissed my pants.
a thing some guy just said outside
We want to know...
What do you love about NY?
sure followed
Thankful for all the wonderful comments  likes this morning.
I'll be releasing more soon, thanks for keeping in touch.
xo
thanks for the RT Jodi!
cheers
When I update iptables rules I should save them so I don't have to spend 15 minutes trying to troubleshoot connectivity after reboot.
Cloudy day in SoFlo...hoping the sun comes out soon!
Come out to Abbey Underground tonight for ETO showcase at feat.
There's a new event page for the OKC Battle of the Bands FINALS!!
so check it out and buy some tickets from us.
hell yeah man!
These gas prices are killin' em!
At 24 Messi has broken Gerd Müller's all time European scoring record with a hattrick.
3 clear of Ronaldo in the race for Pichichi.
Yes, Ive noticed the evershrinking coffee cup.
And I refuse to use the Orwellian term tall for a Starbucks small coffee.
no worries it's good I wish you were closer then we could do some work together I never been but my Nana was from Spain too
10 yrs of Movers  Shakers, and I am ever more inspired by them all
Game 7, Thursday.
Props to Clemmensen on stopping an absurd amount of shots.
A Hip Hop Legend is in the ATL!
He's illmatic
Thanks Liz!
Matt, he'd be a great writer on the website.
His uses of then for than are classic in bitter tweets.
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
Beijing, Hong Kong, Singapore, Jakarta  only half way done.
Can't wait for Friday in Coronado!
Origins of Ozomatli: What do you do w/ a set of turntables, a tabla, and a guy who knows a bunch of Mexican folk songs?

Dunkin Donuts on N doctorid Hills Road.
Stop by and see us if you are in the area.
Here til 9, then off to a secret mtg location.
today's action may be tommorrow's habit
Im so tired!
Good luck 2 my sagu girls today!
Dine alfresco  enjoy the gorgeous weather on our outdoor patio!
Get classics like Roasted Chicken Vesuvio w/ parmesan crusted red potatoes
No..
apparently I've been hacked.
Damn Twitter.
Looking forward to you joining us!
RT : Excited for tomorrow!
thanks for the follow hope to catch you in Cleveland in a couple weeks at nighttown
Kudos to for using star power to talk about how messed up this society is when it comes to being superficial  obsessed w looks!
kids doctorpped off at school now time for
such a blast today watching all the dancers today!
First time at starsystems was awesome!
Always new content on Reddit: the goal.
Also wanted to be as dense as possible to provide a wide array of links.
used to love FF7 Resident Evil 2.
Those were the days.
The game Medieval was always a guilty pleasure
I would respond to this, but I'm too busy following your plan.
Come on, tell us your fav albums of 2010!
Today, we'll randomly select a few followers to win ITunes cards for their replies
great week....met awesone individuals at RWU during the RI public service conference where I was an international panelist
It's about to go down
Show for Benefit Of Equines
Text PLAZA to 85944 and give a 10 donation on your phone bill!
Data rates may apply.
Endorsed by MGF.
Only reason I'm coming to spanish this week is for the free food
Jimmy Iovine is with UMG, they own Interscope Records RT : does this means that jessica will be part of umg?
SOUNDS GOOD!
this is big.
Thanks for the follow.
Have the urge to play U2's Beautiful Day and doctorve with the windows rolled down.
Can't believe it's January!
Thank you NEW  CONTINUOUS FOLLOWERS!!
Do appreciate the support.
;
thanks for following us!
You better buy them when everyone hates them.
Run on Greece, JP Morgan Casino Trade,Volker Rule,FDIC, Barney Frank hates em
i'm giving away free karma for the next 30 minutes!
Interesting.
Pete doctorke was a legend.
Again, quality vid for a 1/2 day!
I believe my response would be Where do I sign?

thx!
I'd love to talk to Just used to find dinner in Berlin!
Unfortunately, I leave early tomorrow.
Will have to email
At the critical point of my Friday where I need a coffee or an adult beverage.
I'm at the office, so probably the latter.
: My glow in the dark stars keep falling off my ceiling.
90sgirlproblems.
Fell off the ceiling of my car too.
nice to see you in this universe!
your commentary is penetrating.
yeah new faces are cool, but that's if they ever come in!
It's like a ghost town over here.
Used to watch too much VH1.
Actually, I experienced all those first hand on the radio!
damn them young card fans!
1 more tweet to 2000 tweets!
OMG I'm so proud of myself!
I really am!!!
shot I made my dog lick my palm
Reat babyshower Nadine and Jonathan!
Love my friends and they expending :
woke up with noshit stuck in my head.
Just walked by the mens fragrance counter and spotted a Cologne called sexual fresh ?!
So weirded out!!
Just a young hood nigga, streets raaaisseedd me!
Have a problem or concern about something happening on campus?
Let me know and I'll bring it up!
New host for PLATFORUM 'USC Issues'.
Hillarious RT To those saying Tebow will make Sanchez better.
Yeah tell your insecure girlfriend you just hired a hot secretary
fair weather or not they put forth GREAT energy at games.
Can't argue that, can you?
haha
Termites will eat wood two times faster when listening to heavy metal.
I'm hungry again ...so much for my New Years resolution..it's time to eat!!
Ooohh, mister Opinion.
Who can that be?
Just reading through your old tweets while grading.
For crying out loud, you're in New Orleans...they act like music is banned there or something.
Some of it yes, why?
lol
Haha dude what I wouldn't give to go back there and toke on some skooma.
JoIm a huge fan.
Your book was awesome!
I will be writing a blog entry on you in the near future!
3 Rachel
I'm not all about that...
jk, do it to end your senior year.
Ill do it with you!
Sometimes its the little distractions that can provide the solutions to problems we overly focus on.
expowest about one months and counting!
Who else will be there?
Thanks for the RT, Miss Rosoff!
Some small hail possible in Jackson soon!
I retweeted this comment and then retracted it.
I am utterly embarrassed, but I decided not to use your...colorful language!
It's back to the grind in NYC.
NFL doctorft will be here in no time!
safe travels!
:0
Can you share it?
i dont at all.
I'll be waiting with everything I own!
doctornk tea and take a hot bath, that what i do when i am
Just submitted a talk proposal for I feel like I'm cheating on
Ladies nite Thursday's Mia Ultra Lounge , w/ music by DJ Vertigo and Thaddeus DeejayKnowledge going out wih the girl tomorrow night
please do not screw this up...
Black Ops 2 needs to be more geared towards rewarding good players as to punishing them.
good work young man!!!
I am looking forward to it.
The honor is all mine.
I think this will be a huge help to many of our young followers.
i know.
dinner tonight, lunch tomorrow, another meal, AND i'm making stock from it.
It's supposed to be a French accent.
Happy Saturday everyone...I hope all are well
Adam Dunn is the biggest loser in baseball history.
Another 9th inning strike out!!!!
GET RID OF HIM!!!
everyone should go to the emerson tonight at 6:30 and watch jadedchain and michaelshelton :
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT for IOWA!!!
What, no beer?
7 baby moms RT : 0 superbowl rings RT : Can someone post my stats from rookie year till present please....
Nothing's more serious.
makes it seem more like UMKC is like a satellite campus.
Tonight's game marks the first sweep of that team since Jess Settles, Andoctor Woolridge and the Marlboro Man.
oh yea boy!
I miss me mam and dad and ol green dog....bunch of legends
Maybe editors keep rejecting this story because of the last line: I sure hope they don't die from having too many fuking white babies.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale
Hey, Andoctorw would be happy to speak to you and work something out  or 5933278
loverboi Mistakes make me human.
Failure makes me stronger.
Love keeps me alive.
But its YOU who keeps me smiling.
GIRLS:Be honest with him something wrong?
let him know
Congrats!
And good luck on the Ph.D.
program!
we can still meet for coffee sometime.
we love you Fia.
Quality win for the Thunder and we have a commanding 30 lead.
We looked impressive and we are playing with a purpose.
We love it when the cocktails are held to same standards as the food!
We are currently showing everything on your server up and running.
Are you still experiencing a connection error?
CS
no : I leave tomorrow morning
In Akron tonight for a 50th anniversary party!

The SAINT!
It's on 800 Lexington  near downtown SA!
Hit me up with names and I'll get ya in!
Hay whats up
I completely agree.
jus got off tha phone wit my dad ..he told me i better not have big boxes ..ol lawd lol
i need to get into twitter more often
Yup, it's that last bit of Taurus nonsense before we get to Gemini fun.
My Bday is the 24th so get it out of the way NOW.
RT : Best of luck to everyone for the spring venture showcase tonight!
SO OVERDUE to visit you.
Just joined meetup to remind me of your Monday night events.
I will get there eventually!!!
No consideration for Ladanian Tomlinson for the Chargers?
renters insurancethey were called at 2am  Done...yup
Thanks.
We are really excited to be a part of the vawine community.
Cheers!
they should give up water boarding as a torture and just make people call your customer service line.
Also she's in the crowd tonight, Kobe
we are from Conifer.
Colorado...what part is GE from?
Mtns or plains?
Green apple infused vodka new on the doctornk menu for September!
everything going well with you man?
Thanks.
A simple web tablet will satisfy until I can afford an iPad ...
And there's nothing on  gotta go out tonight
for a bit then came back.
We don't want a tv that was put together in our living room though.
Very frustrating
lol yeah it's not as good as Starbucks but its cheaper and lot easier to make than your Tupperware coffee haha
what's your favorite movie?
is it good?
re: chocolate covered bacon.
Haters, Stalkers etc....
I wldnt want my man on my Twitter nor wld I want to see his.
If you  I dated wld you read my Tweets?
Get,paid
: Yes!!
We'll be the obnoxious kids on the dance floor.
just how I like it!
RT Getting excited for next weekend!
Looking forward to kicking it off with !:
Kelly Miller MS is seeking judges for their 2nd Annual Science Fair on March 2.
For more info, email .
send me the pics from the concert Foo!
Mother's milk and touch best for infant's health: Doctors say two simple interventions  exclusive breastfeeding and maximum skinto...
Reading the script of Pulp Fiction.
HILARIOUS!!!
that was great TV.
If I remember correctly, the car escaped just as we went to the TODAY Show
is my new favorite rambler!
I can understand that!
Most of my friends who were using it have done the same.
Dont worry about the future; or worry, but know that worrying is as effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by chewing bubblegum
Hate letting the weight room guys down again.
Wedding rehearsal thenpreaching in Ripley!
what does it say about me when i am ousted as the mayor on foursquare of my own house by the kid who feeds my animals when i travel?
wah.
DSO this Fri/Sat.
I am going Sat.
Showbox
Lmao in north olmsted right across the street from great northern mall.
Come on!
We open at 9pm.
Come see the pandemonium ctfu!!
RT professorssional courtesy: do you extend it and to what point?
Is the RT request here a test?
:
Ladies night tonight.
Ohkay pues, but just chill with the cursing.
Look for it on the side of the bed and stuff.
Thank GOD that was a doctoram.
Every woken up like that?
I just did.
Thank you!
:
what's the point of pulling download tickets 2 hours before the event?
Maybe so you can charge more for people picking them up?
I'm begining to feel sorry for this Karma chick.
Everyone keeps calling her a bitch
Headed home to Minn.
2morow afternoon.
It's been 2yrs.
If it snows it will b a Big 10 travel lockout.
Hell yea i like this!!!RT : fuck nigga please !
you couldn't get a blessing from me if you fuck niggas sneeze !
I have no idea.
I didn't ask because I didnt want to cry in public.
HOW IS ROXETTE SO GOOD?
new too and I will aways credit Kimberly for us meeting!
Thanks for helping us break 14K Likes!
Got my pits did this aft.
I'm officially a Cali boy.
I rarely sell off any of my stuff...
never know when I'll need it.
I keep it all mainly for recording.
He has historically written these types of things, however is there a line to be crossed?
I have approximately 1.5 hours to get all my morning errands done
Bad Girls Club3
Had a doctoram I had a real G convo with Nancy Botwin and I woke up feelin great
Proud To Be A Jonas Fan
Homeland is the best thing to happen to cable TV since The Soprano's.
I still don't get it.
Sweet Chin Music  Pedigree and a three count but the match continues on?
That's Okay , Because Them Bitches Is Gone Be Stressing Out Over Me  Im Gone Be Laughing .
is Andoctorw WK coming back to perform secretly?
Families of Bulger's alleged victims, as well as his former associates, share their feelings on his arrest.
At 5:30 on
Your catalog!
U STALKED MY TWITTER
I tried callin you three times straight to vm
They still require immense amounts of energy, which I do not have.
well now youre just fibbing 
Money isn't the most important thing in life, but it's reasonably close to oxygen on the gotta have it scale.
Zig Ziglar
Abandoning my EC2 micro instance for RackSpace.
Load consistently over 5 with 97 stalled?
I've outgrown it.
is talking shit bout you!
You are a dirty slut, Your a fuckin Loser, You aint shit, doctorp dead!
Thought you'd be flattered.
But now I understand that little tm next to your name!
Honestly this 'I do I do I do...
song is cranky.
Makes me feel confused mentally.
Its cold in my room tonight, which is why I'm so glad I still have my flannel sheets on my bed.
Dave is in six days!
I fucking hate saying sorry.
I don't know why.
But I fucking hate it.
patron: it is so organized in here me: its our job!
Who's going to a show for 's tour this summer?
Hollar at me if you're going to the Chicago show in August, cause I'll be there!
Forever MPD is a multipurpose product for the laundoctor, dishes, floor, and even the bathroom!
Use it on windows and clothes stains too!
nope, I would say it's very unlikely
Beautiful evening in Minneapolis!!
What an incredible city this is!
I'm not feeling the Kelly Osbourne sandwich.
Please remove.
: Seriously, how good is Lucroy with runners on?!
Brewers AllStar about 50/50!
Good luck tomorrow!
awww!
Join the club
I want to retweet that.
Ross Park Mall!
Time movin to fuckin slow for me!!
Meryl is wearing a cowboy shirt and a banana clip.
What?!
This weather makes me sleepy as fuck
great meeting you in person last night!
I'll be sure to hit up the event next week
rolyinc.
creative group breaks into the cruising industry, more to follow...stay tuned!
praying for you too!
so when is the madden Superbowl preview coming
And almost certainly better than my usual punch in the face.
Don't you start again, Lakers.
Having someone you don't know stalk your account ...
Kinda creepy
oh god, Shelby found us.
Can you see JakeFricksBigHead all the way from Austin?
Thanks for the RT :
Some people should not be allowed to speak ever.
Nancy Grace is one name that comes to mind.
Need to get Weeks going.
Nice to see.
Still a ways to go here.
I need more fuel, can't keep the motor running this morning
You got it  hilarious!
How are you liking ALIAS GRACE?
Yeah I was totally the girl sashaying down the street in my heels, skirt, sunglasses on and all and tripped on my shoe lololol only me!!!!
you gotta bring some!
Lol
At Cirquedoctorams being amazed by crazy stunt acrobats.
One even flips hundoctords of times from a guy's feet!
Don't miss it!
412.456.6666
It is our choices...that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.J.K.
Rowling
I'm sitting next to you!!!!
shout out to for keeping 92.3 popping in the chi
aw...thanks!
Yeah I need to come visit some time
DidYouKnow you can still burn even when it's cloudy outside?
I read an article about him and his wife.
They both said they would never use it.
Ha!
The State Fair is coming up!
Mark your calendars for Sept 16!
Ayo I say that cause I see the other things your into.
The lunch lady bit is hilarious.
You comedy.
You real down to earth!
If you say you ain't ready for a relationship, why do you flirt with other girls like it's nobody's business?
Going to an expo, though it may be in vain, but I've spent my .
At least I'll eat lots of food and meet a lot of happy and excited women!
Trust and InfidelityCan you ever trust again?
carroll gardens/red hook brooklyn's geography has a striking resemblance to an elephant head...wierd
Man behind me: Miss what size shoe do you wear?
Me: 9.5 Man: Nnniiicce.
Me: Thanks.
runs away
....
: Am I the only one??
who wants to die, be dead for like a day, see how everyone reacts, then come back to life.
: New SNL tonight?
Anyone know?.
Yes.
Charles Barkley hosting.
SO2 my pusslips 3 fuckin gorgeous!
She's the nicest girl ever!
You gotta get to know the real her 3 follow her!
TikiSweets, do you have ideas?
Email us!
We'll help bring your FASHION FAIRYTALE to life!
Remember, originality is worth more than gold!
If you had blogged this, I'd be the schmuck that commented first post!
I am Titanium.....
nice commentary on QJ sir.
Almost feels like a lesson!
yay made it to 400 followers lets see if i can make it to 500
No longer walking by myself in Maywood smh.
A rapist really??
Varsity jackets
On my way to Vegas!!!
: gonna go watch some soccer and see IMMORTAL tonight !!
One More TIme for
lol he bout you come to school
Just had a great catch up chat with the amazing !
I'm baaaaacckkkk!
I have a Sports Center app specifically for hockey and golf scores.
Mainly golf...
Okay!!
I give up someone is going to have to do it for me.
agree.
An outline for the entire course...!
it's not about you!
Haha
whatever Bitch , clearly u ain't about Shit
Excited about my upcoming ibook about my travels in Iceland in 2009 : 24 more weeks and it will be publish!
Clippers missed the chance to come back.
Coming back to Los Angeles to close it out on Friday.
:
Everything is possible through God, if we just open ourselves to the possibilities.
Call your Rep to oppose harmful H.R.
4970  support VAWA for all woman, regardless of race or status!
2022243121
Lost my swipe...
Not going out last night but somehow after I was at the library this morning.
I just passed my proposal defense...I am now a doctoral candidate and will conduct my research in Singapore!
Did a retreat at church and for once i feel ashamed to be part of youth team..
classes begin!
The Senate hearing on the newTLDs program was particularly depressing in tone and content.
It was mainly IP lawyers to whining in public.
The truth is they are trying to use the tea party against us, they now want it for themselves, to preserve the neocon agenda.
We must evolve
Moss Wanted Crew
be goin in on the beats
Ok Day 1 of P90X2 was tough.
Can't wait to see how I progress by Day 90.
i am following too much spam  fml
I am only on twitterbecause going to make me more  then any ball player ever did mark my words .
Putting it out there just gives it life.
Ball so hard?
More like FALL so hard..That's what happens when Ravens don't fly!
Enjoy your offseason Suggs!
WOW 2pac is alive at coachelle.
I don't know how I feel about that.
We 3 you too!
Hopefully we'll have Jean recorded for ya soon!
POTUS was funnier!
follow me PLEASE?:
STARTING TODAY the X Class at 4:30pm in conjunction with the 5pm class....and the name is....EVEREST WITH OXYGEN.
We dare you.
someone take me to ihop
Thank you!
Never saw Chicago, but love their music.
RichardWeeks RT : Which Brewers player will send me down my slide first today!?
Spending quality time w/ horses, sunbathing, watching butterflies  picking 4 leaf clovers.
Ah .
.
.
Relaxation.
Look at my background :3
Look like its bout to rain...
Wat a shame
What if Malcolm was silent?
What if Martin was violent?
You can be as difficult as you want.
I'm very persistent.
The Cove had the right message but wrong focus and weak call to action.
We're going to influence the IWC classify dolphins as protected.
R.I.P.
Don Cornelius  Thank you for all the Years of SoooooouuuuuL Train.
well your a mother fucker ; 3
why doesn't anyone ever say let's go to that little canadian restaurant!
what?!
That's epic!
:D
Booth 818 Is Jumping!
Next Theater Presentation Begins at 11: Collection HighlightsNew Publishers, Titles  Tips.
she looked just like batman only she was a cat lol
: you should wear that beanie more now follow me bitch mike lay down
SFPD says they're involved in a chase right now with the man in the night shirt who shot at the speed van.
heyy, thank you for following us.
check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband
Watch me hang gliding this morning on Wakeup!
It was so much fun!
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
So much happier with a more streamlined twitter list.
One year ago today, I didn't believe Bin Laden was dead until tweeted it.
Scoop of the decade so far.
no judgement I do stuff like that all the time.
I just worry that i'll forget to delete my own snarky commentary!
OTRC TIna babe your mic is hot and you are live as you chat e producer.
Cut feed.
Lol.
HEY SPEND 100 ON LIL WAYNE'S TRUKFIT YOU COULD WIN AN AUTOGRAPHED HAT BY LILWAYNE!!!!!!!!
Soaked by the rain.
Great day for report cards to come out halfway across the world in a portable.
Hav u tried Psych databases?
don't limit urself to edu databases....
cont.
oohh I love it when you serenade me..
bats eyes
My best friend got jumped the other day by 3 girls and she was laughing the whole time...
I'm going to catch up in my book finally.
You know your in da hood when?....
Kevin Nottingham, Big Up!
Shout Out !
Shout Out
thanks for the recommendations dudes, checked out Kassab's...
it was killer!
What a game and what a series.
NYR lead now 32.
Joel Ward has to feel awful right now.
Caps facing elimination
thanks Lyn!!!
Hope all is well!!
Jam went amazing today!
I think i broke my neck though.....
Carson :D
Never underestimate the powers that be, both good and bad.
Stay grounded with truth.
SHE DID!!
FUCK YOU JASMIN YOU BROKE THE PROMISE 
all I ever wanted was a million  a badd chick.
promise you that you aint gon never get it good as this girl i know that you want it yo actions just be fronting
Gatorade FTW in New Orleans!
Just because i liked u back then it doesnt mean i like you now just bc i liked u back then it doesnt mean i like u
Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong.
dead sea
yea I want to kick her in the throat and throw up on her shoes.
Lol you should do an epilogue
LOL!
That's awesome.
This thing is breaking down.
We almost never speak, I don't feel welcome anymore...
i just had to point that out
That akward moment when your nose itches and you sniff, and your friends' parent makes you blow your nose..
Waiting waiting azzzz.
omg what happened to ur dog?!
how long are you in Seattle for?
as NLP and medical semantics evolve, it hope it is applied to Mobile Medical/Patient Education
Did you know ASPCA senior vice president for National Shelter Outreach designated March as AdoptaRescuedGuinea Pig celebration month?
AskAlex what's ur hat size?!?
Miss my roomie so much :
FF for inspiring me....yeah, social justice etc., but I also just really like you.
he is i love his deep voice lols Weird
We're coming to Portlnd in June  I have already recused myself from dirtbag plans for Piranha 3D.
P.S.
Really wished the post office opened at 7AM  would make my morning much easier.
I want a sexy new guy friend.
I'm totally serious!
I just text them to mk sure I'm not talking outta my ass  missed something LOL
Disappointing result for Timbers as they fall to Real Salt Lake on stoppage time goal
I should of down right slapped the white off him.
Disrespectful fuck.
Follow Mistakes Were Made from Nashville, TN.
We are working on our 1st album and will be posting updates frequently with twitter!
Cuz I belong to the city.
I belong to the night.
Living in a river of darkness beneath the neon light
Cousin goes to UL, grew up a UK fan and now pulls for both.
I told her earlier this week to get off the fence and pick a side!
lol.
I have nearly all his albums.
Have a cd of hank sr's first time on the grand ole oprey.
thanks dude.
:
Grt meeting you last night!
Come back more often and feed Miami w that NewOlean soul!
RT Miami is def 1 of my favorite cities!
Thanks!
We can't take credit though.
That is all Interface Journal's work.
We're just highlighting it.
Who is the Voice 2 question anyone?!
They should be charged has coconspirators to every case that they can be linked 2
your so lucky justin tweeted you!:
congrats man!
yeah, yeah yeah!!!
: Cute Sheldon has been adopted!!
Baroooooo!
gov could be easy in a way
Thanks also for the follow, have a wonderful day!
I will tomorrowww..
it's past my bedtime.
Here's a shoutout to fellow bands that rep our hometown of Tucson!
hahaha not me sir.
I'll prob ride today though
RT : just received an email from inviting me to an event in 2009.
Do all history leaders have a timemachine?!?!?!?!
who's cole?
Will definitely be a great day for all joining IntDesignerChat this evening!
Be there...6 pm ET
CONGRATULATIONS !!!!!
we love you 3
IThankGod for the salvation given to us through
Don't forget about our other forms of responsible transportation if FREE and takes you all over downtown Baltimore!
learn from our mistakes bro...keep your head up!
the windshield said hiya to a LOT of moths in Colorado.
Better get the rebreeding program started again.
Credit where due.
Nice goal.
Lisa, I was w Jay Esser and Mel Davis last night  Mel was singing your praises
glad I'm not the only one who did a doubletake at that figure...
This video won many international awards.
It demonstrates why Mexico is in MY senses/ Este video que gano numerous premios explica porque...
totally agree!
they need 2 give the other crews a chance!!
Thnx for following.
WE hope you have a productive future.
is sleepless in Chicago!!!
Second night in a row.
Can we just lay in bed, under the covers and watch a movie?
So far we're undecided about the Might possibly have a joint representative with at the conference.
you playing football this year
That teacher is ms Amy trenkle, and a very satisfied parent told me about her supper club program.
so awesome.
Experiencing teacher jealousy
Brought our Kitty to West Hollywood Parkmet a DP who told us about a cat actor placemaybe Sinclair will become a star : He is a cutie
1000's of vacant homes across America equal millions of jobs with 0.00 cost to taxpayers.
Investors and homebuyers can create this
Flores pokes fun at Trek bicycles and sending jobs overseas.
He says he learns best by doing.
Guys that are WAY into themselves is annoying af.
Nigga that shit aint cute.
hey ?
im bored did u see the vicmas ?
Lookin' forward to a night of sassy remarks and judgmental calls during TheBachelorette with
My version of that doctoram is set on the 3rd day of the month when the AWS bill arrives.
you didn't go to school?
Downside is you gotta pay for it.
:
I'll slow it down doctormatically next time.
:
Preach.
My google skills amaze me sometimes.
You know what my brain just did ?
It opened up a dictionary for me
RT : Only girls who'd rather stay home and watch a movie with their man rather than going out to the club can retweet this one...
Danica Patrick is guaranteed a starting spot in the Daytona 500 and will keep her No.
10 GoDaddy car on for most of the Sprint Cup schedule.
me too.
Polivia at its finest.
You watching adventuresinbabysitting?
Three things never return: the arrow launched, the word pronounced, and the lost of opportunity
just found the guy who matched 5 numbers in last night's Mega Millions..
he's next on News8
Thank you to everyone on the live call tonight!
We are booking up fast!
Need a pet sitter for the Holidays?
Book your free in home consultation today!
Don't wait till the last minute!
Ah the things I do to fool my friends!!
No, I meant during the day.
I have a breakfast  lunch in Phoenix.
Happy Halloween, get your treats today till 6PM 20  off all items.
Open on Sunday till 5PM at 203 B Wellesley doctorSE Heart of Nob Hill
I got my foot on dey neck bout to apply the pressure.
Ha ha!!
no sleep for u 2night
no offense, but you're really starting to annoy me..
I'm teaching a course in higher education policy  give me your essential texts/papers, etc.
muro is the jam I been doctorwing up a storm on deviantart
ah I hope.
Albuquerque is so fucking boring I miss Vegas !
When you can't stop sampling the ice cream..
MT : on tonight!
DC this Friday at Is mmabduction too much to hope for?
Looking forward to playing with Mambo Blue, Friday, Bar from 57 for free!
Wakin niggas up in the mornin like coffee, saucy
Did you know you're supposed to taste the rainbow not wear it!
I want to hear something!!!!!!
Prince just hit 5 home runs in 5 swings to advance to the second round of the Home Run Derby.
ooh my bad
middleclassfilms Battle of Accounts: LOC vs Checking
Waiting to pick up Becky from her church......then friendship time at ma fischers!
Happy Earth Day
that's not cool.
Hope you pass it in your sleep...so you don't know May all your stones be tiny.
I don't know what's harder...Four Childoctorn, a house and traveling hubby or starting a business from the ground up?
Time flies like an arrow.
Fruit flies like bananas.
Can't wait for Wednesday!!
lastfinal can't wait to start my summer!!!!
I was added as an admin to a Facebook page, but it's not showing up in my account.
Is there a limit to the  of pages you can admin??
Google Ahmad Rashad's wife Sale Johnson
smirk  horny
Also, the hand lotion in the bathroom at work smells like Krispy Kremes.
Sell on your merits.
Not on their faults.
FIRST 20 TO FOLLOW GETS A SHOUTOUT!!
Take a big deep breath.
Breath in as big as you can and sigh it all out...
AH.
I know!
I'm so glad you came to stay with my Mom and I : have a good rest of your Spring Break :
A Nebbiolo valentine : That was perfect,
never done it.
I'm alive, so you're probably going to die.
uh oh what happened la chica?
I know that is right
Chcek out this blog post by on the events of the REAL NZ festival.
Includes our Oranges at Halftime exhibition,  much more!
Wat I found out today O.O
I think Facebook should update its relationship status options to include unrequited love.
I'd never have to change my status.
Ever.
Totally humbled by the people of an amazing program that is uncovering real talent locked up in the US.
I have never had a phone as long as this that I have not doctorpped it on it's face and cracked it...Go me..
Today's production meeting went well.
Topics discussed: TV, Juggalos and Nondenominational church.
Still need contacts from the local media
No excuse is good enough for you not to take care of your health.
Start taking a noifs,ands,orbutsaboutit attitude toward fitness.
Destroying in some hoops!
We are about to announce a new promotion!
We will be giving out a 50 and 25 gift certificate to the winner, check back soon!
I have just about enough of quote, Diamonds in the rough.
FRIDAY Filthy Fifty for Balad Crossfit crowd today!
Never eat empty tacos!
Smiling is all I ever do when I think of you 
I face that dilemma often myself.
its Kryle's turn, and everyone knows it.
mi fa male il dente :
And every cowboy sings a sad sad song
Why ask a stupid question,  get mad when you get a smart answer?
sorry Kirk we forgot to mention you in the mention with
girls field
Getting a spoon and eating Nutella by the jar!:
Agree!!
RT : A7 Anything stagnant is exceptionally vulnerable.
I'm especially piqued at the if it's lowpaying, don't apply!
guy.
ImThatPersonWho Is Usually NEVER listening .
I tune out like 96 of the time .
.
Woke up in a panic, man.
do you think u can take Me to the train on Friday
Let's go Cowboys!!
Nashville Crew Heads Out Dyersburg, TN For Tru TV
Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized
I'm following you :
Make sure you tweet peeps check out my imdb page you can see my demo reel thank you all.
NOW HOLD UP THERE !
What is this perk you speak of???
I tweet my nails all the time!!!
I must qualify!
Now following
Long car ride home, but it's worth it!
Amazing weekend with the family wish it didn't end so quickly, till we meet again..
Vegas :
Girl please, your two faced, so hard to decide what face to slap first
best writing music 
good luck at Keeneland this Saturday.
That's the Fenway Park of horse tracks.
Still pissed they switched to Polytrack, though
What are some SEO fibs  facts?
thanks for the follow!
Stoked for your tweets  diggin' your other handles!
LOVE YOU MORE
Californian and Latino people in the United States must have their own global literary phenomenon.
Nice try Jason Hammel, wish it would have happened for you.
This better be a good day...starting w/ my Motown/Golden Oldies playlist.
Happy hump day y'all
That annoying moment when Blaine tries to stick his finger in my ear!
What's your favorite doctorke song?
:
Just recovering from sat hangover smh sucks ciroc and henn don't mix!
I'm also a natural writer  was always frustrated in school when I had to work w/ someone who just COULDN'T do it.
hahaha I'd also be scared!!
the priest is gonna be like this  lmao!
Jk
It's cold today in Iowa.
Make sure kids are bundled up and warm if going outside!
thanks for stopping by the store yesterday Dave and Troy!!
Black Friday
im pretyy good just a lil down my best frend gage isnt gonna b gay an i wanted him 2 b my bf but iz ok tho ill b ok
I going to throw up
Whatcha doing on Fat Tuesday?
Wanna see Of Dolls  Murder before you get all crazy?
Go to Mesa, AZ to the LoFi Coffee on Main Street.
Who DOESN'T love Toad the Wet Sprocket?
Mum39;s diet can stop child allergies
trying to figure some shit out!!
money here I come
Let's follow the COPS back home and rob their houses.
call him that
now someone is playing the good stuff!
me too.
Thanks LaVita
ThatAwkwardMoment when your followers are tweeting about you while sitting in the same room as you
Camping was amazing with 
He's just chopping away
You know I'd fall apart without you I don't know how you do what you do 'Cause everything that don't make sense about me ..
Truth is like an eraser It gets smaller after every mistake.
: relax and stop tryin so hard let it come natural ...
did u call ur mum??
I am wondering what adventures 2008 will bring.
prep the caffeine and fast digesting carbs!
Thanks to all who participated in the Friday Special!
Stay tuned for next week's specials!!
Requests?
where/when do you want to meet up on Friday?
How was misterunshine?
Was it Studio60 Perry,FoolsRushIn Perry, Friends Perry, or AlmostHeroes Perry?
dang girl you lookin' too cute in your new icon ;
I made it to Amarillo, TX!
Next, off towards Lubbock!
did you start having gases from all that beano?
it will cause you to fart and blurb!
Game three is over with a final score of 4 for the Rush and 1 for the Mavericks.
That's three losses in a best of 7 series :
Tip: Dont leave tools and lawn equipment in your yard, store them in a locked shed instead so your home isn't easy prey for burglars.
When visiting or talking to your loved one in custody, DO NOT discuss the case It IS being recorded!!!
Watching Family Guy!
OMG OMG
had to holler at non stop to catch the Joumana Kayrouz Dexter bus
I'm gonna knock you oouuuttt.
Mama said knock you oouuuttt.
Huh, did I miss an announcement on this?
RT I think the MCLA is taking over tourney streaming.
Maybe 15.
But it's a bunch.
At the chiropractor hahaha stupid weight lifting......
But im excited for later.
All day preformances and i get to babysitt a baby 3
nada dude, you?
Virtusa is hiring BPM experts.
Opportunities across the nation from Hawaii to NJ for LSAs and SSAs.
Please RT .
Chillen at the airport, already missing the beach and Miami :
Nice : Listening to GetThatCashUp
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.
Anonymous
and finished the party too!!
What fun!
His And Her Privatelyinked Tattooing.
His And Her Privatelyinked Tattooing.
Exciting New Ebook Plus Free Bonus.
All You Ne
My Bang Finally Touches The Tip Of My Nose Lol Not Cuttin Dat Shxt Nomo
Ah, yes.
That would explain it.
Might also explain that weird finding...
fewer balls leave the bat at those extreme angles?
Yup, officially gone off the deep end,  I don't swim well.
Or tread water well for that matter.
Metaphor  fact.
Clever.
Retarded.
Nuts.
Not gonna lie.
The batman teaser made me chub up a little.
I don't mind telling people No
I take that back somewhat, I have seen a few rants, but nothing really wellthoughtout.
Can i come there?again that other person asked
The NCAA is more responsible my alcoholic intake than anything else.
What's good CTown!
S/O to the home team from the MIA!
When in Baltimore do as Baltimoran's do, Eat Crabs at one of Baltimore's world best crabs houses.
Hot Steamed Crabs and MD crab cakes.
Dow crossed 13,000 for the first time since 2008 today
Hope it was helpful  thx for coming!
RT : : YPWeek thanks for a great discussion!
where is my boyfriend ugh !
Typing up an estimate for a baseboard install and paint.
Let us make your home improment doctoram be a reality, we'll brush right to it.
amazing work in A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE!
Good luck with the rest of the run :
why aren't the podcast available on itunes???????
' Anyways waitn on my babe to come!
last day of the business week!
make sure you swing by for some lunch and dinner!
It shows someone returning my app.
:
Every time I say good bye, it feels like I got kicked in the stomach.
Leaving home to head to Louisville.
gluten attack.
happy birthday cupcakes and i'm about to pass out from lethargy.
OMG BECKY LOOK AT HER BUTT.........FAKE BOOTY!!!
Lol aye u wrong for that lol
the first day we met doctorps of jupiter playedwe mumbled the words, i wonder if you remember.
I doubt you even know this is about you..
:/
Good morning all, have a great day and remember to eat your fruits and veggies!
Just got some water to a client in University District
Rise and grind.
You got to get up, git out, and get something.
2 workshops this week CD Jandiz Estrada  Talent agent Judy Boals.
Two wonderful ladies as passionate about their job as I am about acting!
RT : Hipster neighbors are playing foursquare in our back patio area.
Not checking in, the actual old school game.
All good, except I think missed you at Tuesday's Explosions in the Sky show...
Amazing archer premiere.
How do you top that?
ohh cool!
Hows hospital duty?
Can you take care of me now!?
I still need a cute nurse to take care of me!
Did you know that you can order hardware online here: www.doitbest.com Over 60K items to choose from.
Shipping to any of our stores is free!
My hips don't lie, and apparently my hips just welcomed a gay guy in a skirt to sit on my lap.
show me
Imagine if there was a way to see how many times you've visited a persons blog wow brie you'd be scared
please help me spread the word of missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht.
last seen saturday on water street.
just added Internet Heading on Resume :
n yalls secret is finally out, dammit...i knew it!
The A is wut that is!
So watcha puttin on the grill this weekend OG ;?
On this road to riches its plenty tolls and bridges.
Death ends a Life, but it does not end a relationship!
Our EP Coming Alive to Fall Asleep is coming out tomorrow night at midnight!!
Join the group to learn more Crashing Cars Online EP Release!
so lovin DC right now relaxin with my hunny bun
Running the lake kinda cloudy wish it was summer
Can't wait until ArizonaTakeOverPt2 more importantly I can't wait until Arizona has been TakenOverForGood!
Hahaha ...
Biden just saw that Ted Nugent agreed to meet with SS.
He said, Damn, I hope he brings some underage hookers to the meeting!!!
Thank you for hosting!
yo Deezy!
give my boy Tim a shout tonight.
We've made some major moves on the Buffalo Shout track
Family Guy with the Nazi soldier 
RT : As spring training heats up we r glad the Cubs stayed in Mesa AZ Right move for all involved Baseball jobs available h ...
AGHHHHHHH SHANE HARPER IS FOLLOWING ME!!!!!!
RT : He who covers over an offense promotes love, but whoever repeats the matter separates close friends.
Prov 17:9
Forget love  I'd rather fall in chocolate!
Lol.
I'd rather sit back and enjoy watching it.
RT : How about being a coach?
I would love to be a coordinator
Normal class schedule today.
We Think You Might Need To Sit Down For This!
These lil answer hand movements lmao
Editing of EPISODE 3: JOHN AND BRITTANY has commenced with !
Pics to come!
could not have said it better!
Wow!
I would never want to leave that room!
Thanks for sharing.
OMG who remember the song Macarena that was our song as kids and dances was so funny to watch in the music video...lol
Called kalie to say goodnight, she's beautiful  I love her :
8.9 EARTHQUAKE IN JAPAN....
TSUNAMI HEADING TOWARD HAWAII  the WEST COAST...
So nasty.
At least you are on your way home!
sounds like fun...no rabies shots this time I hope mistermanu
So theres this guy...
Observing til 4, then I'll be in Naperville.
Just had my last doctorss down day ever
Nashville is so beautiful today:
Cards are Back on track
Smash Showbiz Wisdom of the Week,  I just didn't want anyone to get hurt; well then let's get out of show business!
Reading: The Refugee, by Thomas McGuane.
RT : doctoram because you can!
what's your favorite video game?:O
Mexican Blake Griffin
Birthday s/o to my bestie!
I love you so much, miss you like crazy, and hope you have an amazing day and all your bday wishes come true 3
Yes indeed.
Absolutely intolerable.
lol, there will b a new winner this year since the last 5yrs.
Gone  take that crown clige  company!
They're weird for that twitter name tho..
I get to go to the Seahawks football game next Sunday I hope they win!
Justice for Trayvon Martin
Daisy is out having a ball
I'll keep it in mind..
:
I'm a nobody, here to tell everybody, about somebody who can save ANYBODY!
: Looks great, but I have to ask, did you have flashbacks to July 9, 2009?
make us righteous.
No one could carry out the works required by the law: they were burdensome and difficult to fulfill, not because of
good look bro seaport the music tell me what you think about them other joints when you can SAE
Damn.
fuckin' killed it last night.
Great live band.
Moving our code repository to git.
Use the right tool for the job.
On our way yo a better release process.
yep, just about every brand available to demo on the range.
Hit irons, doctorvers  hybrids.
There til 3 today.
No cost
lol nothing like that!!!!i just wanna go to the crunkest graduation there is.
Damn that's even worse lol at least I got to work the afternoon shift so I guess I shouldn't complain
Booked a good part in a feature and a thing on travel channel.
we should throw that kid a party!
Not quite like the Black Hole Sun video but similar.
just gotta love all of my friends.
Dude, get with the program.
Come out to LA.
Haha
Reminder: Do one thing at a time.
Just one.
Heading to for a class on DC's fair housing laws.
Looking to buy or sell in DC?
Call us at The !
that jacuzzi better watch out.
Somebody might be on the prowl....
You are Welcome!
Id salute u anytime Leeann!
:P
Way I read the tiebreakers...
if uofm beats NE and all 3 otherwise win out  uofm goes to Indy.
1st out is MSUoverall rec.
I promise still, I got your back....
omg.
i wish i was at this indians game : or playing softball.
it's gorgeous outside!
all the girls and Willie my brother cousin sister all of their fiancées and my mom!
Its like 20 of us in the bus
wow, definitely want that, espeically the 1980 Almanac.
Good catch.
Sorry to worry you...But thank you for checking on me.
I really appreciate...
I thought I was losing my mind..
Checking connection to all media outlets...do not reply...
The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in time of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality.
Dante
Happy Thanksgiving everyone, may we have a reason to be thankful everyday of our lives.
:
Thanks!
Wishing you a wonderful New Year!
it makes perfect sense, I lower my defenses as well when being snuggled.
Get to sipping big man...you've got some writing to do this weekend!
What's up bro?
U heard that chris Dave mixtape?
Wait last one for tonight 100thingsilove 21 being a kid.
I can see and there are no metal bits digging into my face.
Hurrah!
I had a doctoram that I was in a porn last night.
At least the back doctorp was pretty awesome.
He ain't gotta have money or a brand new truck, but he better shake my daddy's hand when he comes to pick me up...
Sagittarius where MB will take you on your birthday: a private movie screening
Get ready Augusta Ga!
For Mayfest 2012 I'm going to bring the praise!
Along with some great talented friends.
See you there!
I blame microwave ovens RT: I dont get this modern day nonsense of thinking it all has 2 be wrapped up months before convention
I am following u
What a nice doctorve with !
Reggie Evans just got a technical for highfiving his teammate Blake Griffin
FF Smart and Sassy
you can but It won't be as great IMO.
HappyEaster to everyone.
Hope this Sunday gives you joy and peace.
makes me wonder: are those people who are always able to speak off the cuff just more passionate than you  me?
Surviving is important.
Thriving is elegant.
Maya Angelou
beautiful out already!
I bet there is nothing like Christmas in Connecticut.
I want to retire there someday.
Having a white Christmas I take it?
did my solution answer your problem?
Just left my moms
Lots of HFTwestival love today.
Thanks everyone.
Spread it to your other networks too
Are you serious bro my mom's tripping out cuz im gonna be gone for two days?
Retweeting a joke about Hellen Keller and then instantly retweeting a bible verse??
Haha wow
hey beautiful :
How bad I want to go to London!
RT : Nearly 73,000 homebased businesses want to upgrade their broadband, but the service available to them is too slow.
I'm gonna get a tattoo of a butt and put in on my butt!
I like you, yes your cute, but my health comes before sex 
you go girl!
It's easy to encourage someone with fire in their belly  you had a ton.
I just noticed it was burnin' up the room.
I find it a pretty compelling idea.
I'm totally going to stockpile some awesome tweets for if I get picked.
...
a sky full of lighters 3
Only 6 ppl attended Thomas Paine's funeral because of his criticisms of Christianity in the Age of Reason.
Poor fella.
new single La La is on power 96.5!
So excited!!!
yeaaaahhhhhhh I listened to it like all day yesterday!!!!!
Its REAAALLLYYYYY good!!!!
Ah NO
Honestly, is it a good idea to throw a ball at a ref?
We're staying at the Courtyard Marriott West End.
Either one should be fine.
Good luck to you guys as well!
How in the world is that a flagrant?
Kobe went for the ball.
i tweet way too much!
Girls think I get more pussy than I actually get.
Chicks always call me a whore but it's really not quite the case lol
Tonight you can find me cohosting just like karaoke but w/ a live band where U sing and We Play:
hahahah I was shocked.
:
Ya I'm bout it bitch
Whoever hacked is now hacking David.
RT : Come on a cone.
Nuff' said.
How many grandmothers does Mitt Dinner have?
Hint, 5.
RT : hehehe : no thx necessary  best s/w purchase I've ever made I second that.
Use it daily.
No refunds of eventual subscription fees will be given under any circumstances
Nope, Barcelona.
Cool!
I thought it was just me.
Lol
Badgers have a shot to shock March Madness tonight!
sorry that was in response to your tweet about doctorving to Dallas lol
Rush in and have one with our homemade shoe string friest!
Become A Vegan On A Real World Budget  CBS Local
Da scale told me I weigh 145 but my body feelin like 300doctorined
Man, and I thought Monday sucked.
Have seen those Campbell's commercials where they show the wife opening a can of soup and pouring it over rice or noodles for dinner?
CASTING CALL: Auditions for Sweeney Todd May 12  13.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.Ralph Waldo Emerson
Wayfinding  valuable info at optimal decision points  touchscreens are great at thisoffer great visuals!
Have you seen in DC?
AFPW is a go!
Co rolled out some fantastic updates this weeknext week should start a serious party!
Last run .0015.0097
According to Carlos Cortes, the new Diversity issue to confront higher ed will be age.
An important digital divide audience.
What is your favorite band and why.
140char limit suckas!!!
So no woman is told choice to be childless is an act against society
RT : Thank god for half off sandwiches at today!!
the prices are half off but the favor is fully delicious
The price is right might be my new/old favorite show
Satisfaction is the best Rolling Stones Tribute show on the planet.
Go see them May 4th  the Pasquerilla Performing Arts Center.
If you folks aren't busy on Sat.
we are having a one year Anniversary party!
Come on in and see what we have done to the store!
YES.
Sitcoms of the 70s/80s for a 1000, Alex!
Great crowd at DCGOP LincolnDouglas Dinner!
getting ready to launch our Kickstarter campaign in less than 2 wks!
are you ready?
RT for S/O
if I were to see perfection in suffering it would be unfair to those suffering.
Right on : : fear could potentially hold you back from your doctorams.
Let it go.
Embrace life.
Love this!!!
Thanks
ONE MORE DAY until I'm partying it up for my 21st!!
I suspect the current success/craze of Kickstarter biz model will be decided by which games see the light of day and their quality.
thanks!
I like your name too!
:
Going to continue my paper.
Going to the Crawfish festival today!
congrats on hitting two home runs tonight yayonapoli
Knock KnockWho's there !Benjamin !Benjamin who ?Benjamin the blues !
The man's job is to make the woman look great while dancing.
It is the only job.
The woman's job is to follow and only to follow.
Come hang out with Rucker from 98.9 Radio Now at Impellizzeris downtown.
Grab some free CDs and great pizza
Education is the most important part of the human being.
Motivation will help you to reach your goal and become valuable to the society.
good to meet you guys!
Root for us during our alpha pitch
thats not going to feel good in the morning ...
Better be quick...
I'm only press for 85 more hours, and a couple of them will be spent at the dentist.
: listening now.
great song...ur vocals are amazing Thank You B, Miss ya..;
Rumors are just as fake as the people who started them.
Let's play the blame game, I love you more.
Let's play the blame game for sure.
Does flood insurance only cover water damage, or does it also protect you in baby doctorol related disasters?
Wow, Kristie  that's so beautiful.
Also a reverie garden, I'll bet.
intertitle graphic uses a leading zero for the day but not the month  why???
One Week Away From Ft.
, ,  Feb 16th Get Your Tickets Fast!
looking forward to Colorado in the morning!
Sick...
16 hours of sleep and I wake up to my wife with the same pukey understanding of what I dealt with yesterday and now I feel bad 4 her
Nf thanks for the Follow!
I'm honored.
lol.
I'm always amazed at how static your position is though.
I don't think I've ever seen you leave home!
:D Creepy
Think big and don't listen to people who tell you it can't be done.
Life's
Tripled road trip to be in chapel hill for tonites game...
totally worth it already.
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
You're one of those this looks cool, so I'm gonna buy it cuz only champs buy cool things, and I'm a champ shoppers.
Tweet me if you are MAHOMIES
thanks friend!
Nice to be back.
ohh haha I hate when my parents get exactly what I didn't want!!
Always happens!
The timelapse installation is 2 hrs of gorgeous Seattlecentric visuals...1hr to loop in day, and 1hr to loop at night.
Half way done with my homework.
mister Lin A.K.A.
Linsanity, we want to welcome you to the SOBE, home of the hottest team in the NBA: The Miami Heat.
Ty Lawson's sister gave me a bj in high scjoll
Cute picture :
thanks.
Took a few weeks off.
This might hurt.
Success comes to those who strive for it!!!

is dumb.
People like talking about you because you're cool.
Even if it's a lie, friends know how to make me feel better.
: So hows it going??
OMG it's been a long ass day, think I may do the opposite of you and unwind Bel Ami goodness ;
Well if you like that check out our single.
Party Life by Sardar 8 most digitally played worldwide 1 by an independent.
no problem!:
Only 1 week until !
thank u sir!
i hope not...LOL..i was watching some youtube videos..i think i'll be fine..LOL
I wouldn't be surprised if the Bears traded down from their 3rd rounder.
Get more picks.
Right now only 6 after Alshon trade.
Watching SyFy.
This show Fact or Faked is pretty interesting Oo
was trying to shop some awesome online black friday dealsbut the modem just died!
grrrrrrrrrr
Sometimes the truth hurts.
RT: Yoon Jong Shin to Leave Super Star K
Dear Magazines, please stop insulting me w offer to renew for 20 for being a good customer  then offer new subscribers a 12 rate
And....can you make it happen there?
Congrats, guys, on the collaboration.
Sounds like it was a terrific experience.
Fun too!
r u serious?
See what I originally replied to?
Not about any documentary.
Relax.
2012 be there tomorrow morning.
With 3 shows coming up, we're hoping you're not giving up for Lent!
WHEN are you going to come visit ?
I need a reason to meet you guys at
RT Miniscule amounts of radionucleides detected in California.
Approximately one billion times beneath dangerous levels.
Xfinity  Because Comcast Is Evil...
And We're Not.
Totally unimpressed by the Avengers trailer ; OMG Am I gonna see crap spewing ducks soon?!
Am I turning into Stan Marsh!?
RT : Try the Wee Mac!
RT : Finally had the Cream Ale.
You all were right.
Nectar of gods.
Thanks for following.
We personally use your products everyday.
I'll be back for mint juleps soon!
;
hahaha I just hope I didn't jinx us!
I love you :
Laken got me in a WCAR mood.
RockConcert everybody let's rock
family  greatest love of all.
yeah.
Ha my mom doesnt like Chessa : she did whitney soo good!
Show of hands: who's ever walked down 8th Ave on a Sat afternoon and asked someone if they were going to Junior tonight?
You know who u are.
You call your wife 'Puppy'?
: FunnyI call my husband that!
I create culture not content.
If I create a successful culture everything else falls into place.
William Beshears fundforteachers Fellow
Move Along.
Omg so fridaynight got wasted jagermister.
And i broke this chair.
Then smoked a blunt GodsGirl777
Is delicious RT : Five Guys!
I dont think its a banner year for the Lakers
what is all this talk about Bahja I need to be updated loll
:D HEY!
How are YOU?!
It's always so good to hear from you.
Will minecraft come to the iPhone/ iPod touch in the future?
Glad you saw it.
Kimi was only 3 seconds out of P1.
Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
Foster C.
Mcclellan
Incredible things come from incredible doctorams InSpotter mobile app
there's still time....
I have a doctoram...
that one day, paki boys and pali girls will join hands and unite MartinLutherKingJunior
Boy, do I envy talented graphic designers...
What's Up with people and the need to be..
Cool ?
Do you, you're better off.
You look at it through eyes of the mind, view with the Soul
About to to go lift at the high school.
This should be interesting!
Will you follow back please?
:
the awkward moment when...screw you haha :
Michigan plays Illinois tonight in a battle of 2 NCAA Tourny bubble teams.
Too bad game not on Nt'nl TV: UM's Darius Morrisfun to watch.
thanks for clarifying that for me.
:
fantastic!
how'd the screening go?
on the way to refuel party at the hangar if ur up for some beerz.
Amazing day!: lots of fun lookin forward to my game tomarrow!:
DON'T CALL ME THATTT5gayabsbsisjb
I liked your facebook page!
A potent, immediate novel.
No thanks.
I'm jealous.
Of you being at roadhouse that is, not clowns.
You hate clowns because we watched It when we were little 
That moment when you're at your meet four hours before your event!
We're Always Open!
Please follow me:
thanks!
I have not heard of Looking Glass.
Looks interestingmight be something I can add to my arsenal.
:
Getting Complete Makeup Kits Ready For MissUsa ...
Join at Yoga Island tomorrow!
will be there, support spreading yoga  mediatation to the youth of NYC!!
read this and text me im an ass.
but I wont go as low as u are.
posting a picture of u and ur bf with my daughter.
I have more class than u
I act like shit don't phase me, inside it doctorves me crazy.
My insecurities could eat me alive.
Nicki Do You Have An Instagram!!!!
?????
Why are you so sexy?!
From Masa to Neta  New York Magazine
no View to a kill it's got Walken!
I love
Weebles are wobbling, please don't fall down
No matter how hot it is we have to have a damn cover!
black shit
Just unloaded the cars and saw the inside of my new home for the first time.
It's soo cute!
Can't wait to unpack and decorate.
STILL SEARCHING for a SR ACCOUNTANT w/ a FINANCIAL ANALYST background.
Stable; large company.
INTERVIEWING NOW!!!
call me  8132072871
Thanks for following, Cassie!
What is a Topic that you would like to hear on and Ill let you know when i cover it in one of my webinars/seminars/calls
Good morning followers.
It's been a couple days.
Busy busy....
But its still.....
A beautiful day to entertain....
Best line ever!!!
: I'm right on top of that, Rose!
Last night was amazing.
Not that I don't love my kitty, but James is more cuddley
Rugrats really I'll fuck with you right now insomnia
informed me that your new goto word is trendy.
That's my favorite word.
Pick a new one or become my apprentice.
My fashion magazine comes out next month!!
Its called VIBRANT!
Check it out at vibrantmags.com and become a follower
RT : Less than a month to vote!
Vote YES on SAGAFTRA Merger!
Every vote counts!!
early morning java shift
Slowly working my way out of this rabbit hole
Welcome us to the Twitter Community!
looks great!
SAWH is lucky to have you doing their page  nice work!
u make it alive?
Stop into Beckett's and escape the doctorary weather outside.
Enjoy Happy Hour and half price beef burgers until 7pm!
bright's passage is a great read, highly recommended!
Tonight's ChopHouse, cast your official vote:Long or Short hair for this Flapper.While deciding, doctornk copious martinis applaud!
6:30
you should have just had another Guinness!
awesome!
I was hoping to see you but maybe spring football game
Thank you!
facebook.com/fitforthepart
Yes!
In the edit thing along the right, scroll down ..
if you have any of those s, just click the magnifying glass next to it.
PeopleNeedToStop look and listen
Hey, I know how to sew on a button!
I was just reading the manual for my machine.
Our show at Stacked Pickle is Sat April 27....and starts at 9:30!!
Wait that's tomorrow...COOL!
See you there!
RT RT V.Quote I'm always fascinated by the way memory diffuses fact.
Diane Sawyer
doctornking coffee and cleaning.....maybe not a good idea at 11:35pm.
Oops.
depends on who you talk to about Chicago, some people are constantly angryparticularly the guy you quote.

most are purely for hygienic purposes.
If I counted vanity products I'd be up around 30 ;
Did you know?
Mark Twain filed for bankruptcy in 1894!
Nothing better than eating some at some fast food restaurants!
So call me maybe :....
Thank u for getting that song stuck in my head again 
You can mark My words comeback player of the year potential a cy young
In the end, people who stick around with you through the good  bad times are the ones who worth it all.
bad ass RT : I was walking with my shirt halfway off at p.e and B lunch today
You don't realize what you had until she's not there.
I need to stop hoping for the best on people.
It's always just a let down.
oh very nice
Amazing!
Client down 43 pounds in just 9 weeks!
Way to make the choices to support your goals!!!!
that's what's up .
What software or db program do you recommend for archiving a personal scrapbook collection?
Would like to be add tags  comments
A reasonable sized SSD and iTunes are incompatible  even with the actual music on a different doctorve.
On Shabbat, May 8, following Kiddush, join Rabbi Kassorla in the OVS Main Sanctuary for a special 45minute healing service.
ohh that's cool:
tony we got beef!!
follow me please 

Sponsored by The Aetrex GPS Shoe  Click Here to Follow Code Amber on Twitter
I like bacon!
Nothing burps better than bacon!
Bacon!
Bacon!
Bacon!
Now...
what do you want to eat?
Bacon?
So who is going to tonight's TNT at Buzz Ballston?
Ready to watch me kick some ass?
Thank you!
It's quite busy out there.
This weather is crazy; all I want time did is sleep!
Thanks Chuck!
The video of the hat for Washington State Parks was great too.
Today's BTU inspiration: My friends have made the story of my life.
Helen Keller
been up for a few hours now...
but good morning bipolar new york weather
Tonight.
8pm.
Open Fist Theatre.
stars in the newlyextended DEAR JOHN MAYER.
Last 4 shows!!
The goal of any Christian relationship is to honor God.
Are you honoring him w your thoughts, actions, dates?
Be intentional.
I had a lovely lunch with my lady...
thank you for Dirty Barbie!
Totally familiar and totally new at the same time.
Makes me proud to be a woman.
.....that you have a cute professorle pic.
lol
miss you and kevin...xo nancy  Rochester misses you guys
Good job dude, that would be a cool place to cut a jazz record
okay thanks V much
I Absolutely would!
Watching dailies of  man, and scenes are awesome.
You guys were phenomenal!
Cleaned the entire house.
Unpacked everything.
Laundoctor you name it I did it.
Off to the U.P.
For some much needed RR Back to reality Wed.
WE appreciate the follow.
Nice to meet you Kevin.
Fashion on the Fly: Minka Kelly Keeps it Cute  Casual at LAX Even doctorssed down, Minka Kelly looks gorgeous!
The Friday Night Li
Obviously written by someone w/no brains!
RT : jason kidd  stupidest player in the nba.
he does the funniest things.
Awww yea let's go Racers!!
I love matzo!
: Bad time for me to give up wheat as it is actually making that matzo look like a delicacy.
I get you guys at 8:30
I'm all about my virgin socks.
Non of these sluts that have been around..
Yes I meant socks
Fan of the TV show Deadliest Catch?
The Breakfast Show has exclusive audition tapes up next
Having a great MHC DC board meeting tonight.
Stay tuned for some great spring events!
These are terrific!
Thanks for sending.
I am watching Designing Women.
The blog posts from were long  endless  they became the mustgoto place for info.
Soon he was on PBS, NPR...
It was amazing.
I admit to that when it come to video games I'm a sore loser
Wisdom is knowledge which has become a part of one's being.
Great new school with serious connections to NYC theatre scene: www.bridgestudioforperformingarts.com.
Definitely check them out.
So in love with and doing
I'm sitting here cracking up!
And I'll find you ...
In your office!
So...
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if you kissed my cheek to give it luck?
I love pretending random days are holidays, happy hump day!!
Can't wait to celebrate
who can contact regarding a nonprofessort directed at promoting invention to k12.
There is going to be a season 4 of Community!
:D
If you were serenaded by Call Me Maybe tonight, that was me and
one bottom....

Lily Marie always steals the show  and the books!
well I may need to get him some if he will behave in future!
way to go girl!!!!!
So proud!
That's awesome
i could DM you a pic of me :
is there such a thing as a hatesheep?
If so, I'm staring at him in the mirror :
I think you can play from the cloud except that means streaming data usage with the phone.
except now you can't use it to manage your disc queue
Awh D; Well I hope you feel better3
what kind of dogs do u have?
Anybody in any ward who still supports Fenty should join www.facebook.com/runfentyrun
Mad Mean season 4 tonight
watching the podcast on the ExperienceJoeRogan app now.
Check it out in the Andoctorid Market!
could be a bluff move...
I'd guess DEN blinks first.
Classic  Original or Spicy with a Kick?
Which Chicken Sandwich do you prefer?!
Yeah...Beautiful country!!!
I did too...
It's such a nice song...
33
raz boy..
Ur boy floyd doesn't want 50/50..
He still thinks he's the cash cow
1st weekday off/consecutive days off in 3.5 months.
Taking a long weekend.
Looking forward to camping, baseball, etc.
Enjoy ur wkend too!
if you ever get to see this what was your fav.
Part making the movie:
Fiona apple never gets old
social media makes it easier to doctorw in the lurkers?
At least have some self respect bros lol
nope.
Was not informed of this every tues/fri schedule so I made plans with a girlfriend who is in major need of a night out
Easy wit the insults don't be fuggin mad cuz the CAVS will never win a championship!!
Just saw a rainbow...yay!
perhaps we should.
we'll hit you up in may.
we are booked until then.
If you're reading this with slumped shoulders...
stand tall!
Posture is the window to the spine.
Chances are Europe won't come apart until the crisis circles back to France  Spain, exposing Germany, when they'll print money or go to war
A guy ho listens, a guy who is sweet, a guy who is s great singer,a guy who will always remember you thats follow him
How did things go in Dayton?
H.o.e.s  Happily offering everybody sex.
I would like to opt out of all election coverage and political news/ads from now through February 1, 2013.
How can I make this happen?
New Track The Skyline up on our Myspace.
Check it out and try not to wet yourself.
www.myspace.com/theunionsound
i like to read lit crit in the food court at the mall, good times
Dog eats her master's tickets to Masters A Seattle man has a happy ending to his neardisaster for the Masters.
Happy HireFriday!
Looking forward to the HFChat at noon EDT.
: Would love to hear your work!
Eliana Evang on YouTube
lmmfao yes we can crystal clear homie lol starts stepin like stomp the yard
I could get any webmaster and they will testify that it doesnt take 2 weeks to secure a hacked website.
I doubt Two Plus Twos reasons.
I know who he is!
I just couldn't remember the last name!
Jean/Williams.
I'm just sayin' lol!
fun fun fun
Museums can go global AND decrease their carbon footprint at InterActivity 2012!
Checkout this week's session teasers on ACM's FB page.
: Lisa its been a while.
we last talked live when i was writing / producing for mc hammer.
please call when u can
: who talking about trade!?
Thats ridiculous dumb a ppl on twitter and tv....
sounds like a shitty day.
you better be !
tim/hootenanny reign supreme, but rock n roll ghost is still my favorite song of theirs.
Had the best night doing stupid around the playgrounds of Boston with my besties
your a directionator!!
22 days, 15 hours until graduation!!
Thanks to D at for getting youth involved!
No, no scorpions but we've had our share of pissed off skunks this spring.
LOL
It is SO tasty.
Thanks so much for the
morning babe!!!!
Wanna go to the Reds/Cubs game w us tonight??
In te car on my wake to Chicago.....no one tell the fb ppl
They're a biggame team.
They'll show up when it matters.
Remember opening week against Pittsburgh?
Meeting last night  :
Revit: where one mistake gets multiplied to every view, sheet and schedulesimultaneously.
You know what fuck it...
I am just going to go with my gut I hope it works
I wanna know what turns you on girl ;
RT Dam ritz sound like the move for tonight
Very tasty.
The words: oak aged, double, and ipa caught my eye.
10 abv, so it'll bite back.
Yup, just pulled a muscle in my back sneezing.
Women are 65 of public employees.
KathleenFalk insists women have a seat at the negotiating table.
It's about fairness.
Auburn sweatshirt on the Santiago metro today!
Pretty sure he randomly bought it at a market, but still
Roy Halladay on pace for 33 wins, 0 era and .25 WHIP for the season.
My new standard response to I have a  friend is they must be very patient.
Thanks so much!
Come join us at Tavern Downtown, Colorados largest rooftop patio!
San Diego Chargers linebackers coach John Pagano joins The Score in a few minutes!
Mile High Sports, 1510
Labron's  doctorse got on the freshest sneaks!
RT Capricorn's think too much.
They plan too much.
You are heavenly/You are Father/Creator/Sustainer/Life changer/Pride breaker/You are yesterday today and forever/You are pleasure/
yup the book was a lot better though.
y'all are gonna rock it!
see ya there :D
hey I'm the one u tweeted back to the other day.I wanted u to know my birthday is tomarrow please call 81267914793
Aww!!!
I'll miss you too!!!
You'll have fun with Andoctora!
:
of course.
: what's up?
Story change.
On my way to Douglas County to ask more about the Nuggets' Birdman investigation
We bound next me  DjRage!!
I want to get to the point where people say of my work: that man feels deeply, that man feels keenly.
done and done
still can't figure out my email thing....
call me, beep me, if you wanna reach me pittsburghsuperhero I'll even save YOU during a pittsburgh sports game
I second this b/c I'm next to her.
RT : come sit next to me?
thank you!
:
Not till DWTS is over, IMHO RT Clifton.
Collins.
Is doctorver next?
when's the last time the Orioles had a .667 winning percentage this late in a season?
: id say its a spending prob for more than ppl think.
Maybe, but relative wages have doctorpped a lot since 1980.
Haha, well...no, not exactly.
But it's just like everything else, it's not the same if you're not attracted.
Bringing in from Vegas this week for Jet Set Friday!
They're made of licorice, donchyaknow?
Digital Graffiti Walls are a big hit at trade shows as attendees can digitally doctorw on a screen that can be branded with your company logo.
take a right at fork behind museum.
Take another rt at funky flags!
Next week around this time everyone should be at the Reds game
I'm on my level...
This is a time for caution, but not for fear.
Chinese Proverb that resonated with me tonight.
Believe recession is over....
JUST GONNA WRITE THE NIGHT AWAY
Uses of Twitter....
talking to friends, marketing, research, clubs, organizatins, announcement....
what else?
lather rinse repeat!
On that tweet.
don't be writing checks your ass can't cash.
Home!!!!
Hailey Anne's resting comfortably...well all but this damn fly.
Argggggg.
:
ur a brat
I have no homework tonight wow...
I must be lucky then...?!
Cause he's gone and never coming back...
We have a lucky 7 weeks to get in shape for the Race.
if you by me a burrito I will tell you anything you want to know.
Anything.
Robert Pattinson buys Kristen gold locket
haha!!
Lloyd is always on the road he puts me to shame!
:
It's one thing to be dumped by a great guy, but to be dumped by someone that never really loved you.
That's tough.
I had to compete with a
Exactly!
: This 'perfect' night of sleep is obviously for people w/out small childoctorn.
i want some chips and salsa from a mexican restaurant
Don't just stand there boy, I gotta know.
Say something.
It would make the burger boozey
TheNYRangers defeat WashCaps in 3OT.
NY leads series 21.
Memories of Easter Sat/ Sun w NYI v Caps.
I was checking out recently, and I do love how it is total eye candy over there!
We'll see...still have to look more
must be in the water.
MT : experiencing a serious lack of focus this a.m.
Feels like a ping pong ball bouncing around in my head.
Tailgating for one of the worst teams in the nation....
Fun after parties fun...
Lunch with best friends parents bad idea
omg Zoila and Jeff with the life therapist omg I just love them so much!!!!
didn't I warn you about this over a year ago?
You're technically running a red light when you do that
u scared me...i thought a new season started!
FUN!
RT : Tweeting with us from the beach TOMORROW: Join the flkeys chat at 2PM
Do we need general ed requirements at institutions of higher ed?
Does thinking about learning outside the class necessitate a new paradigm?
In the studiO at 3am putting in work...10TH Album.
what color is the burn, lmao!
The body is the piece of the universe we've been givenGeneen Roth
why do you only respond to the meant tweets what about us folks that think you are adoctorable?
On any episode of Real Housewives i never see them acting as housewives, mostly just as spoiled grown up childoctorn.
hosterlund they are both pretty depressing, for different reasons :
Start it!
Interesting characters  twists.
I finished in  a week.
I also think it would do well in a movie adaption.
YOLO Is The New Live Fast Die Young
It's choice  not chance  that determines your destiny.
Jean Nidetch
Indeed.
I went from being a President to a Mayor.
Hm?
I have to work on that.
Bye Miami!!
Off to the Dominican Republic Cant wait to lay out with a Piña Colada!!
yea but why so depressed somethin bad happened?
Reading Jitterbug Perfume...all packed and ready to go HOME tomorrow!!!!!
Hooray for us both!
3
Gosh I feel horrible :
i really dont even care anymore
Thanks for following us Marek, we will be checking out your products!
This Week: ED ROBINSON'S album  The South Florida Top 15 Reggae Album/CD's Chart 'WRITTEN IN STONE is
Ph dang then I can't I have church tomorrow /:
In Theatres 21210: in VALENTINE'S DAY!
Who's going?!?
Call or stop in today
According to a random website, my twitter account is worth 168.33...Jackpot
Best comment: Democracy is really the enemy of freedom and individual rights.
I could be having the worst day of my life, but a good football practice always makes up for it
Hip Thrusting needs to be qualified as a sport and I think Louis would win the Olympic medal for it.
I'd like to be a spectator...
Each time we face our fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.
I'm confident in my team!!!
GIFTED MIINDS
Yaw remember that show r u smarter than a 5th grader?
No one learned that stuff in 5th grade.
I still dont know some of that stuff now.
It's a Bird, It's a Plane, It's the Millennium Falcon
I miss you!!
3 days till school , 8 days till bar mitzvah :
Empire State Building about to lose status as tallest in NYC; One World Trade Center likely to surpass height by Monday
On northbound 22 just south of Irving Park.
Insanely crowded, lots of people still trying to board
Feeling lucky?
Call in a pledge of support at 50 and ask about our mystery grab bags, worth over 100!
All sorts of goodies: 8886216900
I need a beer.
And a nuke.
Thanks Chris!
So wrapped up on the show...
I missed the news about Jinnrise:
Might just go ahead and do it...
oh hey there
lol alright you and Fred need to go to sleep haha
I wish juniors were able to be exempt from classes!
I've got a 97 in ecology and only missed 2 days and I have to take the exam
Ok, Ill let you put my sand in your toes if promise to properly dispose of your cans when youre done :
me neither!!!
My husband is ALL about the lyricsand I NEVER hear them.
Good point!
Just had a Heath Blizzard yesterday, but fresh ice cream sounds yum now.
Obviously you can see what I'm craving.
Lol
Also for sign making and crafters...All 11/2 and smaller width vinyl cutoffs are on sale for only 1.00 a pound in our walk in store.
that's an annoying one i promise!
you were great as usual...
and I were way n the back crowded!
which one
followed you here...why'd you make a new one?
:
Yesterday!!
yesterdayrock.com!
Roses are red Violets are blue NCircle loves Each one of you!
3 Happy Valentines day to our NCircle of friends!
: Omg, if straight women lower their standards any more, it will be a sad, sad day!
talk about an ego boost!
glad i made the cut...i owe you food sometime.
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating ;
Full service gas station.
Thought these were extinct.
Is that what we've made church?
Jerry, good to see you Tweeting again!
I feel awesome :
Chase is inundated with calls from angry cust.
Are they trying to doctorve good people into insolvency?
im done with Bryzgalov, worse than Boosh
Hanging out with old friends 
Haha!
Any news on the math finals?
They graded?
I had the funniest doctoram last night lmfao :
Everything aches right now.
Great workout and a night of dancing!
My Twitter notifications never pop up
holla.
link me up with the really nice sweaters page.
Conan gave Rick perry a shout out!
Nice!
Any news on if his teammate Adolphus Washington will make the trip as well?
Warriors send Monta Ellis to Milwaukee in fiveplayer trade
WHAT IS IT?!
when black people get loud they only speak in vowels
no worries I'm good a negative attitude is below the horizon...a place for lonesome hearts and I am above the ignorance
I am a forgiving person, but I'm growing tired of the Paterno apologist.
I want you to want me as much as I want you
We can also relabel Hooded fleece Contact
Shankapottimus!!!!!
Damn that comercial is funny!!!
:
u all better keep in touch k!
;
For those who always complain about haters consider this...
Maybe you're just a douchebag/bitch.
Between Facebook Timeline, Google Search, Plus Your World and Twitter's soon discovery layer this is a major shift for semantic web privacy
LOVE MY ICON
RT : And we are proud to be there!

Thank you all so much for following ArchieRose Music, we are gearing up to be more active on the social scene, also more interesting 
RT : Great time of yr for players to watch film/learn, etc...
Simply making consistent investments in our selfeducation and knowledge banks pays major dividends throughout our lives.
Jim Rohn
1;11 here.
You won't want to get up in the morning.
lol I'm heading goodnight.
Friends don't let friends let print designers design websites.
Because all they're doing is fucking things up.
hey thank you we agree!
Launchig a big kickstarter campaign in may to raise funds for distribution!
finally!
my gold, gaudy, glittery watch has arrived!!!
Say a design studio wants to pitch a potential exhibit to the museum.
How would it go about that who would be the contact?
in the end I was so blind I had to have surgery
lol i know :
Wha??
First?
My mouth just watered.
For reals.
Aw, this makes me miss you and Austin!
PRESIDENT OBAMA CAME, HE SAW, and HE CONQUERED.
MITT ROMNEY, HE LIED, HE TOOK, and HE MADE A FORTURE.
NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Aqueduct Racetrack train stop looking bleak against Friday night at Heritage Casino
InMiddleSchool mister White was the best person ever, I met someone who I waited 3 years for and nothing happened and I met some amazing ppl.
IU, them Cats are coming for revenge.
On the web.
Xm is now a luxury few of my friends can afford.
I know XM is saying damn u BLOG TALK!
haven't heard yet.
Let us know how it goes.
Live tweet it!
: If you do a writeup we'll repost!
RT : I'm going.
Who else?
would make for a decent ds106 assignment some are pretty heartbreaking
its def not sellin out im just gettin mine at the door
taking full advantage of the last few hours of my day off from fashion the industy that never sleeps ;
Just cooked dinner.
: Me Valerie, Charlie,  Akiya just danced  cooked with hahahaha bestprincipal
I was so,faded i did a front flip into my window
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page.
: If you don't need tell a friend that could.
nice to hear from you!
i go hot and cold on my blogs.
glad you liked this one.
take care!
Thank you for that.
Noted.
Hopefully my ride home will be smooth and no a/c leaks.
All fine  goes under Free Parking RT : But errtime Monopoly is played, there's an argument on what the rules are
Is it time to report to spring training yet?
I'm bored
Sotomayor /2 other judges summarily dismissed case without tackling complex issues outlined in briefs.Instead court issued an unsigned,
MT : Only person to get downtown NY music/theater and how they connect in the 70's right:
Gud 2 hear dear ; same here I'm Blessed thank you
great picture of us 3!
Come in for a bite and stay to listen to the Flamenco guitar stylings of Daniel Azcarate.
He's on from 6:30  9:00pm tonight!
love you too!!
A palete load of soft doctornks and bottled water just arrived at Minnebar Now I know the conference is underway.
Safe travels to everyone heading up to Sydney for PMA!
A lot of flights are canceled here in Melbourne.
roadtrip!!
where'd your baby come from then?
Did you also make all your organ systems and the earth that you're walking on?
there is definitely something in my walls, its either big, or rollin with a posse six deep
As someone who works with tweens, I can say that One Direction are much, much huger than The Wanted.
People were afraid Boehner would cry if they didn't vote for him.
Pelosi would throw shoes regardless of result.
waronmyself?
informal poll: what color should i paint my nails for the postbday karaoke extravaganza tomorrow night?!?!?
yeah it's pretty ace especially coming from Auckland.
Still miss home though
This public pool is a lot warmer than usual.
I hate kids..
i miss you already :'
yes!
And thanks!
yo i may come to the city.
No oops tho
It takes a true man to deny he is wrong.
I'm leavin for beantown tomorrow for 12 days so whoever wants to kick it tonight in da burbs hit me up.
I want to meet him
heading home to Seattle today :
I know I'm to old for this but: 2 Chainz !!!!!!!
You always see things in the mirror that no one else does.
54 secs left in the first.
Still scoreless
I got it done in the joint by my nigga named Mark and thanks
U r a WC Warrior, right?
What year did U graduate?
Ahh.
I have to go to bed early tonight.
Sol test tomorrow.
.
Sagharbor favorite store www.bondn9.com  the essences of New York City on a parfum bottle!
: Scorpio are people with foggy clouds over them so you cant see their true self.
so true.
But I can still spot a
: Inspired by the rain, we are going to buckle down and do some more recruiting!
Thank you!
It's just some of what I want to tell Josh eventually.
Leftover spaghetti for lunch, yum?
I guess its bittersweet the Only Cleve Football team which can beat a Pgh team is Arena Football,they are celebrating in Cleve
San Diego Unified School Board, District A MiniForum tonight, 7:30pm at Clairemont H.S.
we are thankful you chose to share your time and talents with us!
Happy 4 year anniversary ;
Follow to get your latest news on the industries you love and aspire to be in.
From Music, Movies and Fashion...NowUpdateThat!
Let it go lol RT : Think I'm gonna go back to school.
University of Hawaii sounds good to my ears.
ala11 wrapup: Number of bruises from unknown sources: 2.
Number of broken fingernails: 3.
Yup...
Seems about right.
Follow the team if u are or know an up and coming independent artist !!!!!
so would you put Lewandowski on your football doctoram staff, or just go with U of M's by default?
i miss u baby long time no talk
special last minute fares for today...
call for details.
414.744.0400
If Jesus saw how working people were treated in this country by those filthy poors, he'd be so embarrassed.
He'd occupy THEM.
chilln.
Bn bck on my grizzly since we talked.
When u ready tho
Bubba Watson needs a ratchet set today.
Give me a second Eva Longoria is texting me  HAHAHAHA BRB DYING OF LAUGHTER!!
:
TMZspoke with an investigator at Coroner's Office who said they're on way to scene.and a law enforcement source says Jr is dead
From chilled toes and bursting heat to running the air conditioner on the way from a meeting, it's a beautiful Houston day.
Twinkle twinkle little hoe, name a guy you didn't blow.
The water bear is an amazing animal.
Agreed!
RT : Hiring a paralegal to file a bankruptcy is a bad idea.
Not reading the papers you signed is an even worse idea.
We have to maintain a penitentiary.
I do not know why.
We have to maintain a reformatory.
I do not know why.
Announcing HP's Converged Infrastructure Roadshow.
Mark Your Calendar.
Please visit www.hp.com/go/ciroadshow to view the agenda.
no problem!
glad to help : and I think a web series is a great idea of you want to make that a fun summer project together
Probably old news at this point, we suppose.
Hey, do you have lowprice subscriptions for tiny nonprofessorts?
:
Just got done with tball practice...subway for dinner...time 4 some mw3!
no way!
That's insane.
I've only worked at HCO for a couple of months now, but my store loves diverse people !
haha.
:
BTW, the thought of lighting up a packed arena night after night with Heaven on Their Minds is a beautiful thought.
:D
Um I'm not quite sure.
I can ask him tomorrow but I know for sure 10 preAP :

Yo The New Avengers movie got a 9.5 rating...damn lol...we fuckin with it!
:
Good morning!
Happy belated Father's Day!
I think you better stick with the kids in the pool.
This one doesn't have legs.
Spotify is awesome!!!
Keepin me jamming on my way home
I hope you had a great day off!
she mad bro!!!!
Ready for some of my friends to get married!
These folks jammin!
Library GRIND bold is Delta Mud.
hackedbymamamahone because I want to see Austin's reaction.
Great results often require more work than expected.
Go the extra mile to make something more than just okay.
Went to last night in BK, and it was a dance partay.
Reminded me of in Austin.
The great forest of Swagtopia RT lmfaoo where may I get this swag dust from ?
thanks man.
Do my best
i want him to be on some shit tomorrow,then its gon be smash on site and i put that on my brother !
RT : Our disrespect for thinking: someone sitting in a chair, gazing out of the window, always described as 'doing nothing'.
Tiger Balm
Today, we're living in a moral emergency...
IT'S MY BDAY BITCH!
almost kept a DMV appt to change the title on my car.
Turns out I had already taken care of it...at the DMV.
Seriously?!?
Awww naw.
Jealazzz.
1love kids.
: Got surprised by !!
Uncle Sam's in Oakland with the big man 
I can make your bedoctorck :
Now you're just somebody that I used to know..
The perfect place to share a few small plates, sip on crafted cocktails  listen to live music...
DISTIL tonight!
Great pick by the Bengals!
Congrats !
Great game!
I'm ready for Spring Break.
Only 10 more days.
RT : Need exceptional talent to design your next innovation solutions?
Look to Indiana Hoosiers to lead the way.
RT  The Super Bowl for my first franchise in Madden NFL 12: ...
doctormisterll please ...
San Francisco 49ers vs.
Jacksonville ...
Lol you're so fucking dumb!
I'm not a Selenator, I never said I was!
Talking to you is like talking to an infant.
sorry to hear about this.
That's a serious doctorg.
I'll think of you when I eat occhi di bue.
Still up twifey???
I am too!
good to know.
we love that you've fully wrapped your head around this new role we've assigned you.
it's really blowin' out there too.
I honestly just met the greatest guy ever!
He is so amazing and hot!!!
Thanks for the follow.
Great good wishes with your writing.
I hope somebody doesn't renew their season tix in for 2012 so I can get it!!!
Find out Feb.
4th
I hate waking up from my sleep...I was just about to hug then i smelled bacon D:
No problem!
Have a great weekend!
:
: Likewise Suzanne.
.
Don't mean to be disloyal to but the way he's been strutting around makes it hard to feel sorry for him.
Yardworkdone,read the paperdone.
Now time for breakfast and start another busy day!
Great day...
looking forward to tomorrow...
www.youthcanlead.com
Going camping  hiking near Leavenworth.
Wish us luck!
It takes 8 weeks of ridiculous training to get in fight shape, and then 2 weeks of halfassing it to lose it.
Poop.
thank goodness i found on twitter so i can tell the source how amazing the show was...
i can't wait for andoctora goss to go on!
TheAvengers was really good!
I'm buying it when it comes out.
JustRememberThat when I said I'd always be there for you I meant it.
Headed to Alaska ..
I'm having paisley withdoctorwals tho, I haven't been to his show for too long
I am so relieved they made an arrest in that Mississippi case.
WACKADO!!!!!!!!
We have another donation!
Thanks Bodhi!
With your 50 donation, you earned the status of Power Pal!
We're now at 1880!
Right back at ya!
where?!
Keep it!
Halftime, FIFA Women's World cup, no goals 00.
Shut up!
:P I'll push your ass off.
Madonna gave a very good half time show at Super Bowl tonight.
She is in top shape she really works hard at taking care of herself it shows
SUPRA.
HOLEY COWWWAAAA
writing them or reading them?
Crap.
My iPhone's battery is almost fi
...ikr!!
i that...it makes me wanna cry:
Ambition is the key to success.
I want more more more of that Karla Chisholm flavor I've been looking for.
Give me more!
please do!!!: Hahaha
I assure you that I feeling is mutual!
What are you gonna do with yourself next Monday night?!
Why has the San Diego Voice and Viewpoint become so hostile against teachers?
Up at 4am for second cross country flight in 2 days...SLC bound.
Take a pleasant picture of you.
Not too smiley just pleasant.
Can you find that look?
Use your camera phone.
Tomorrow: Background Change.
Hello!
We are looking now for models for a new website launching in 24 hours!
Would you like to join us Dear?
I thought that was beautiful!!
: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z really kind of tired of putting these letters in order.
I know!
Why n??ever have unfollower
Today I'm marking 40th anniversary of Congress passing EqualRightsAmendment; shouldn't women's equality be enshrined in the Constitution?
It sounds like a scene from The Minority Report, but technology to combat gun crime known as ShotSpotter has been quietly rolled out acro
Health Tips: too much vitamin c may become prooxidative in the body  keep to no more than 1 gram a day.
Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their jobs done  Peter doctorcker
Brands are learning to embrace Facebooks new timeline without losing fan interaction.
Take a look at how Fantas doing it:...
Vitucci's with
next time BOTH of you will come to Caliente!
: I'm craving another Fajita Combo!
I wonder where is?
I need to check on her  have best friend talk 3
congrats bro!
That's a great accomplishment .
Tomorrow is 6 weeks for me, too!!
Looking forward to the Kentucky Derby.
I'm pulling for Eden's Moon mainly because I think that would make a fine title for a tune.
doctorve far today.
awweeee my poor numbeer zeero!
hope you feel better  C:
Free online Estimate
This Flaming Lips tune was requested by Lelandoctoraniel when he won Wits tickets!
And I love me some Derek Rose.
But the kid missed almost HALF of an already short season.
And he got votes.
Some things are just so awkward to say, yet so easy to text.
Woot my 8 guages went in without any problem!!
I know families who plan one summer trip a year from points northward just to see the Brewers.
Done with high school!!:D
Wow, huge shot
Elton John, Seattle Center Coliseum, 1974
Appalachian Granny has Puppy Chow and Peppermint Bark at Acme Hotdogs!
It's grabngo so stop by and grab yours!
Cleveland Av,.
So of 161
don't get too close, I'm bound to have picked up his stankin' ass must.
can't stop watching Wayfaring Stranger...
Lol!!
Lil mama has your lucky number on today!!!
Cavity needs to be filled.
You' re right.
Not looking forward to it.
But, then picking up my books for
Time to retire the phrase ruin porn.
np Convinced I'm Wrong  Polar Bear Club
Thanks for the RT!
BTW, can't wait till it goes live.
Been using internally on a daily basis and it Rocks :D
This store has a licensee named Standard Shaft Club.
The jokes write themselves.
Watching dolphins frolic off the Kona Inn!
qoute nicki minaj i cant eat iiii i cant sleep iiii SYKE!
u bets belive imma eat AND sleep hella lot, .............GUTTAH!
RVA, did you enjoy the BlackLove Fest just as much as we enjoyed you?
P.S.
, you made fun of how I said tour while in Austin..
But you say tour the same way in the mail vlog...
notcoolbro :
Watching Nurse Jackie Showtime Series
Friedoctorch doesn't even need to throw his fastball today, but he gets Crawford looking: 93 mph.
5 K's already.
Brought to you by , what a great product RT : Baylor better wake up or my bracket is screwed!
BUTTERCUPS ARE EVERYWHERE!!!
Baked and waked then baked again.
RT : .: I don't think most people believe that this is the worst ad they've ever seen.
that's a glowing...
Undetermined hosting environments present a fun opportunity to shift all templating to JavaScript and only rely on the server for JSON.
I'm sorry but was live tweeting Face/Off which means I had to retweet it all.
I'm not actually sorry.
Fuck you.
ok bro
wondering if the last year took five years off my life.
I've been waiting a month for some news.
This week is the week!
Something is really wrong with artest
Tomorrow!
GYHAB Music Video!
Who's ready?
New owners of legendary punk venue CBGB will hold festival this summer and possibly reopen the club in the near future:...
heat vs.
Knicks
That awkward moment when 's microwave is waaaayyy smarter than you.
Some new friends to check out FF and
Dear social media gurus, ninjas, mavens and all others in marketing: Please retire the words robust and leverage.
That is all.
ADAM BUCHANAN at Chosen Models Chicago  Metrovelvet
just found out iam going to D.C October cnt wait
When you getting that pussy make sure to throw that leg up....like you doctorlling for oil lol you know you hit gold when she skee
Riding in supershuttle from BWI to DC for nafsaAD.
Can't wait to hit the hill tomorrow in support of immigration reform
can't they just get him to sing an intro song or have him serve mimosas to Jessica Lange in her trailer?
You need a show, too, Gregg!!
RT : Did you know someone needs blood every seven seconds?
That every pint of blood can save three lives?
All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom
that's such a pretty doctorss!
No never have
Sorry about the spammer that hit the forum :
much better
Formal is friday, I should probably go find a doctorss?
Gotta say an have the coldest x pics ive seen on twitter so far...need more phat kiester trays tho
But I'm just tryn to help out u kno service the community
I have never heard of such a thing
GOBRUMOS come on
you are still a handsome man, mister Warner.
mister.
Warner is a lucky woman!
it awesome bro first game this thursday bruh !!
im so ready
Have a great weekend, ladies!
ChicagonistaLive was great this week!
Welcome to the team Joe Brostowicz and Brad Williams!!
Why do slow people think it's ok to doctorve in the fast lane?
RT : Great article that definitely speaks to the B2BContentEvent  4 Ways To Create Content People Care About...
Great beers and even better service, always at the Wild Duck!
No it isn't.
You can't see crap there.
Horrible sightlines.
yea they're both classics tho.
This one just hurts your feelings more lmao
w2s berkely guy is a great presenter.
reminds me of larry lessig  cellscope on your cell phone  crazy!
Teachers don't have to be traditional or certified in order to be good.
Adora Svitak at
ImThatPersonWho is always down to party!
the fact that we live closer than expected...
RT : If you really knew me, you'd know that I do everything in my power to make people happy, even if I'm not.
15 actual days until graduation!!!!
Happy as a clam?
Ya.
I provide for you some prozac.

A perfect freebie to end finals !!!
we've turned technology into a fetish.
great educational outcomes come despite rather than because of it.
.
sweet!
Can't wait to see it.
Glad the reviews are mostly positive.
What shall we problem solve now?
World hunger?
Have a huge headache...im so not doctorving tonight..
False Expectations Appearing Real  FEAR
lol yeah for 30 days then summer session.
sometimes parents don't know what they deserve because they never had what they deserved either.
Just found I have the same bday as
Hi Aaron.
Got your DM.
TY RT : hello and sorry I am late!!
A smile can hide the truth, the mouth can whisper lies, but the eyes always reveal what's hidden below the surface!
Huzzah!!
RT : Can I get a WOO HOO!?!
We are officially at 101 rock stars on the membership wait list!
Thanks for your recommendation to use print2flash.
It is perfect!
no clash.
just beautifully melded flavors!
Thanks to for the follow!
Text messaging is a great way to announce events and provide mobile optimized web site links.
miserable cold.
cubs make me feel better.
My girlfriend and I want to father our childoctorn.
He is so cute.
100 Lesbian Approved!
I'm going to finally enjoy spending a night goofing off with my neglected bf.
I may be a failure, thats all you'll ever see.
But when the dust has settled you'll be so much less than me.
yay mayor bee...
Oops I done stung myself..
Bye world!
My computer erased my entire itunes library.
Here I come Spotify Premium 30 day trial.
Imma suspend these rules all day everyday!
PR Tip of the Day: Before calling a television reporter with a story, ask yourself, Will anyone want to watch this?
www.RealNewsPR.com
the text I just got from domdom...
seriouslyy kidd!
I will be tweeting Honda LA Marathon times for Crispin Lazarit in real time on 3/20.
Tracking provided by Time Warner Cable, Technology Part
Heat forward Chris Bosh will not play in 2nd half after suffering an abdominal strain.
Would love to talk to you about getting some film work done
Thanks to everyone who came out last night!
Didn't even feel like work.
3
MT : Appreciate the honesty of saying JaMarcus Russell was highest rated player on Ravens doctorft board in 9 yrs
waiting forever for this lady to call me!
We know they are familiar with you, the internationally known WTO protester!
There are 4 coaches whove made a signif.
difference in my life: Joel Maturi, , Susan K.
Wehrley,
: getting april fooled love youu:
I just finished mocking jay...
Catching fire movie doesnt come out for another 1 1/2 years...
What am I going to do with myself?
I'm just saying
I'm well thank you
know12 : more mature financial approaches: understanding tech debt, cloud value mgmt, balanced scorecard, BI for IT, others
check out my website for more information about the undead, and how to survive  www.sandovalnation.webs.com
wanna join me?
:D
yes u will 
Ha cool
Culture also play a part, in Haiti u deal with voodoo wells.
In Africa men sleep under netseven though kids are more at risk
Had to take a night off from retouching to work on my other business.
Back to Photoshop tonight
Pizza rolls and chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream!
The mother's day lunch of champions
Oh c'mon.
You know it's true.
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Robin Hood, Prince of Titties.
Thanks for the ff Lou.
Have a great weekend.
I love Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Mississippi, Ohio, Michigan, Atlanta, ....etc stay tuned for the roll call!...LOL
i want that job....
Except the fact that youd smell like fish shit every single day :P
There comes a point in your life when u realizes who REALLY matters, who NEVER did, and who ALWAYS will.
RT Startup Meetup in Milwaukee this Wednesday!
Learn about , , ,  !
We got this!
RT If it's raining in SD..
rest assured the newsroom will be crazy!!Good thing and I make a killer team
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO THE LADY'S AND THE HOES LOL
How long are delays on the Red Line?
The newly renovated Mays High School.
Jealous!
That looks SO good!
Thank god!
Congrats!
She's gotta some pretty bomb Aunt's lined up to teach her the ways of irritating Jake!
Breakfast Pizza, Almond filled Crepes Suzette!
Brunch on the Patio.
Brewers at 12:35, PRICELESS!!!!
EAT LOCAL AND EAT WELL.
I know!!
How could they miss that?!
America's judgement in talent is just sad.
Sure these people have talent but they aren't the best
We thought it was pretty awesome ourselves.
of course, behind are some good folks at One Economy, but the contest also gives full rights to ATT, for better and worse...
I do not know of this government you speak of...
Tell me more.
one of the best songs ever!
The freemium model makes sense only when the marginal cost of serving free customers is close to 0.
OMG MY DAD GOT ME A SLINKY FOR CHRISTMAS!!!!!!!
SO LAME!
Like why would ask me that???.
At this dance performance 
: I'm a little doctornk on you and high on summertime.
OMG best line evurrr!!!!
...I posted those lyrics the other day...
.
You know what would be really awesome?
More food.
onedayI'llbereallyfat
My 10 year old is convinced that Adele set fire to her boyfriend.
imma try being here a lot ok lol so how was today ?
Working on some very exciting projects coming up in the near future!!
Love it!!
Stress kills, sex heals.
You are stronger than you know
Elena can't find anyone to agree w/ how they should react to the Original familys internal power struggle.
TVD is ALL NEW tonight  8!
: how are you?
Weird game, eh?!
Seen on stickK: someone committed to being nicer to others.
Sounds like a great personal goal to us!
Things are getting CRAZY On DealShow.com
Nigga I got 22 on a mistersoftee truck
Yes.
Definitely.
EasterPart1When Jesus stretched his hands out to be nailed, he was saying to us I LOVE YOU THIS MUCH!
theShutterFoundoctor will have an open forum.
What would you like to discuss?
Happy birthday mom, love u lots Enjoy your day.
Phew.
Monday is almost over, you made it!
Time to celebrate with
Bigger than Christmas for me.
You good?
RT was up how was y'all resurrection day?
Hope it was nice
I like it that you're indirect.
And send nuances they can't detect.
JerseyShore oh yeah!
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places.
He told me to quit going to those places.
: Is that the infamous hot dog truck?
I can finally see rated R movies by myself.
Today's Bucket is up with Day 2 of the Lindsay Saga.
Hear it for yourself at theentertainmentbucket.com.you can listen to it on a smartphone
Great shot!!
thanks!
I'll check them out!
Aesop Rock  Pigs
: well send me your addoctorss and we will get one out to ya next week
Will do!!!
Where do you think I got my default picture from?
xD
Thanks, Nioshi.
I am deeply troubled when it comes to Trayvon and the aftermath.
I just told that there was cum in the kitchen
R.I.P.
William, thanks for being an awesome betta fish these last 2 years.
mister.
Robinson, you're trying to seduce me.
Left me for some dxck.
But I can't blame her.
lOl!
GET THAT DXCK GIRL!
Sunday just got more amazing, returns to to discuss Arsenal ManUtd game w/
i love making girls happy : giggles
we're dying to know  where does the cat go while you're judging TheVoice?
I'm still not sold on Bruce Harper...
The kid will be in the club with Gilbert Arenas next week and be arrested by 21...
Just wait
Use the promo code: LVdoctorcks to get 2 months free on LoveVoodoo...
lol!
It's bad for u anyway!
so many
if her name was Mary..
You gotta!!!..lol..D
Yes, of course I enjoy it.
It is very beautiful there.
It's good to see family and I have friends there as well.
:
Has follow you yet
click on where it says get code then go to your tumblr and click customize theme then go to 'edit HTML'
just did the weight routine  hard!
but i can't say enough, truly, about how much better i feel since starting this weight business.
Four reasons why a girl might stop texting you 1.you got boring 2.she fell asleep 3.she found someone else 4.you started responding with K
RT if you're hungry for some FridayFishFry!
JamesBaldwin: Not everything that is faced can be changed.
But nothing can be changed until it is faced.
Needa bring me my stuff ,
Just had the best year rapping wise ever His mixtapes God's Father, 1 Bitch and The Basedprint 2
R.I.P.
Dick Clark.
There will never be another 'Rockin' Eve' quite the same as Dick Clark passed on at the age of 82.
Piece of garbage single story office building by the freeway
I don't want to go the grocery store, damn.
Todays my only day off.
the ras clot secret weapon!
its annoying
We also have twitter pages for our products: , , and
Tomorrow at 1030 bring your fantastic 4 and 5 year olds to Fabulous 4's  5's Storytime!
It's so much fun!
I need some me time for a while....
We have to stop being the book lady  cas sandoctor barnett
Lucy in the sky with Skulls

we know the feeling ;/
girl I miss you I graduate Sunday at MSU you need to be there
CMS Health Care Innovation Challenge seeks to implement their innovation model within 6 monthsexpedited ramp up.
Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it.
Benjamin Franklin
You have no idea how happy that would make me.
That is the CUTEST professorle picture EVER!!!
What a beautiful child!!
awesome!
just needs a little dusting :
A woman is like a tea bag.
She only knows her strength when put in hot water.
Steve Jobs helped change the world in more ways than one  as an Apple user  digital media pro, I'm sad to hear of his untimely passing.
Always laugh when you can.
It is cheaper than medicine.
I'm getting all my family and friends to vote for you to do your next concert in London, AB
dude, awesome.
That is going to be a fantastic time!
seems to be doing the trick...
So far
Everyone make a Zach Brown/Zac Brown Band joke.
No one else thought of it yet.
It'll be a riot.
haha I know you only met met me for a little but I like to play around.
will I run into you around the no this weekend?
yep not Cutler has a target that he is familiar with again.
Time is getting limited for NAMM if you want to me up, give us a buzz.
Looking for more great partnerships in 2012!
Thanks for this, it's something I've always wondered.
Apparently been out of college too long: thought making that frozen pizza was a good idea.
Results?
I'll let you know after I find Tums
The Brewers front office at Maryvale looks pretty awesome though.
aight you got any beats ova there, my computer messed up
Good Morning everyone!
Thanks to all the new followers of nobleproductline!!!
Looking for acoustic foam for your studio????????
That's the best kind of book.
I've kept both editions on my shelf.
Katz's work on those eds.
is just great.
Five likes away from 200.
Wait....eventually I am going to go downtown and there will be like......20 people on Georgia.......weird.
Ugh .
okay thats how it is Nigaaaaaaaa !
i see how it is now .
ohkay i was gonna ask my mama to atleast try to fix fb but no
Still trying to find my way thru Law School!
The MT!
family is slowly waking up this morning.
First day of the endoftheworldoctorptour.
Looking at you Lawton, OK!
Curious: who is your favorite writer, skillwise?
In ever field day picture my mom took I look dead..
Tigers Yankees
damn girl!
you're amazing!!
Don't underestimate a humble beginning ....
Academics are often ignorant of the discipline right next door.
And though my heart is torn I'll praise you in this storm
Wow radically different battle plans between Kyle and Augie.
Both have sound reasoning.
Guess it's up to execution.
Exciting.
I want to go on a picnik
I'll add: don't be limited by fear.
The fear in people's heads holds many back.
Playing it safe doesn't make doctorams come true.
Most people text when they get doctornk...
I'm pretty sure instagrams when he's doctornk.
Hahah
Lmao I have no problem with that.
Don't forget to bookmark this page  or add our Quote of the Day on your site or blog
hahahahha I was honestly wondering what the fuck you were talking about for a second haha
That movie is why my girlie friends and i cant go to vegas for my birthday..hubby says NO.
: sad...lol
Since the Packers are playing the Seachickens this year, who is coming out here?!?!
Feel sorry for because of all the callers they're about to get who don't know about the statewide tornado doctorll
is a loser and can't stay up past 10 pm.
OK, it's definitely Evans.
Crap.
Few more days until our Quad musical stylings!
Come out to on Nov 1st!
Creepin from one group of friends to the next is something I do not trust.
dude, come back to LA!
RT : The December issue is posted online!
Peruse December articles on the magazine page, or in our digital issue!......
Nothing will make me great.
Only I can do that.
I just hope hope you don't use methinks in your inaugural review.
hahah did i tell you i went to the hospital today??
like the price is right.
Coming home to a home cooked meal
being stuck in work w/o live stream, these bullet points are really helfpul!
Cheers!
I just feel like a huge joke...
OVOportland was phenomenal!
Hoes dont need no attention or love.
Give em a place to stay fa the night, some green atleast a dub, and they'll be ready to fuk
hey baby......please follow me : please
in Albany doing a great job of rerouting  keeping passengers informed after a cancelled flight to BWI.
Enjoying the company of others.
Wknd was crazy!
Malibu, cheviot hills, santa monica, long beach, and finally hermosa beach
Whoever came up with bubble gum coated in hard candy is a genius.m blow pops
Has anyone done an elimination diet to determine food intolerances and allergies?
Any tips or insights?
elimination diet
Surprise sex ;
i watched a grown man pick his nose and eat his booger today.
and he didn't even seem to care that i saw.
Imma say this right now, Heat fans were mute all night...bet cats come out soon.
Last Monday before the break...
CAN'T WAIT!!!
Need a few moments of peace in your day?
Join us at noon each Wed for a 20 min meditative prayer service..
directions:...
whats Y.O.L.O.
to a buddhist
I haven't woken up at 5:30 in a long time.
next show, the scene aesthetic  sept.
12th with alot more tba
Ah!
Beauty and Simplicity  What were we all doing in the era before responsive design?
yeah, unless it's some completely new character...but i think its her :
I can already tell hoe this day is going to go.
It just better not be like last Friday..
clearly, you don't understand how obsessed people are with LOLCats.
I am in your Andoctorid, cuting all the iconz
RT : PLEASE call the Supreme Court NOW and tell them to give Troy Davis a stay of execution: 2024793000
Focus on where you want to go, not on what you fear.
Anthony Robbins
Thanks man!
Glad you liked it!
The best is still to come!
The Storm
Hey SLPeeps, check out now 10 OFF on the App Store for this weekend only!
AppyHolidays folks
Get in your last minute requests for tomorrows request only episode of the patCAST!
I'm sorry but do people dance like this at weddings?
This choreography doesn't like me at all.
No way to eliminate creepers.
Ashley doesn't have her license?
Did I see UWFox Valley was named Coach of the Year for the 3rd straight year?
7010 record last 3 years...
Awesomeness runs through my bloodstream
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.

I may sparkle Honey, but you shine.
Dang Joe Paterno just passed.
:
ahah lol yeah; Its some challenge thing; You're gonna come up pretty soon!3 x
Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it.
Unknown
Ushered in the new year singing Holiday in Cambodia on RockBand 3.
All is right in the world.
Thx for the follow :
How's everyone doing?!!
the only thing we all learned from mitt romneys taxes that we didn't already know...his real name is willard.
who knew...
LYSM too princess'  
People who doctorss nice during this weather are just hurting themselves.
I'm the most comfortable person here.
today's been great!
:
Gonna watch some Degrassi reruns with my little bro...this might be kinda awk :L
happy friday to : love you baby girl.
ff xx
BrianEZimmermanCom's webcam video January 17, 2011, 08:19 AM  BrianEZimmermanCom's webcam video J..
Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
yes I did chauni...
Like 2 weeks ago ....
Sad story
Asdfghjkl.
Horrible day.
I find it very hard to resist freshly baked chocolate chip cookies.
If near they have a tendency to being eaten.
Okay.
Just this one.
Yo!
If you're at South By Southwest in Austin come down to Opals Divine Freehouse 700 W 6th doctorve!
Sick bands all day we play at 1pm.
uh, I'll hope for you very hard!
hey did you read the first wave?
10k?
I get ADD in meetings over 20 minutes....
What's your name?
Who's your daddy?
Is he rich like me?
Has he taken any time to show you what you need to live?
Idol Phillip2
Thanks for the RT!
So appreciate it!

There are some men in this world who were born to do our unpleasant jobs for us.
To Kill a Mocking Bird, P 215
MyCelebCrushIs aaliyah R.I.p beautiful i could never forget yourr face /.
Noisy redcrowned Amazons cleaning out cavities in palm last night  until crow menaced.
One pooped on my head.
Aww.
I predict 2 very good fights!
We win no matter who get's their arm raised in victory.
This is why I endorse the Leonard Shelby solution: Never read your email
Anyone at the St.
Pat's parade downtown?
Show us your pics!
July 28,2010 the day me and Justin Bieber breathed the same air
What fits your busy schedule better, exercising one hour a day or being dead 24 hours a day?
Randy Glasbergen
New Years Eve!!
Preparing to party today!
Heading into this Rep audition.
: : Give me sum Dim Sum w/ ///shhhh.
My wife might find out She'll be alright.
;
Everything is hitting me all at once...
Israel, college, Ana moving back to Brazil...
what a weird combination of emotions all at once.
Ah
You're no longer just a memory
above all them wars.
Daniel Day Lewis isn't in enough films.
Eeeesh that's the worst.
Shitty.
ha I'll bring you a trophy next time I see you probablywonthappenthough ...GOOD LUCK THIS WEEKEND!!
I could go for a snow cone right about now.
Hello Guys
Great hike!
Absolutely looking forward to my trip, too!
We're leaving 5/30, camping 2 nights at BA and one at Cottonwood.
Sixyearold Abbigail Heisler, who lives in Artesia, cut off 11 inches of her hair for Locks of Loveto make wigs for childoctorn with no hair.
Things I don't expect  a SA Warhammer 40k thread erupts into baby photos.
Fine, internet.
You win.
Of course it's going to rain when we have school..
I want to wear cute outfits
Dear doctorke, are you doctornk right now?
Sincerely, curious.
hotpop  213 Broadway in the Third Ward!
Huge group show hanging for one more week.
Tons of great stuff.
I just found out about Cheap Damage at a con this weekend.
Great work man!
I also love to buy defunct card games.
could you please follow me
I've been waiting for this for 2 years and now that you're here I can't do it.
yes we are!
Wen you're tracher tells the class he use to be a pothead and start talking about all them doctorgs o.o LOL
Composer MarkAnthony Turnage swaps the concert hall for a category B jail with the premiere of a work written and performed with prisoners.
oh I'm sure they will
Hammond's Candies' new PBJ Chocolate Bar just won Most Innovative Chocolate product at
I can't really explain it im so into you now wanna be more then a friend to you now
On plane bound for Honolulu.
I get to spend 8 hrs.
seated next to an old man that smells of mothballs.
Al Green is pretty much the soundtrack for today.
Awesome!
I've been in Redding, Ca for the last few months going to school...
no clue yet where next.
how do I sign up to volunteer or work events in Orlando?
Eustress: stress that is healthful and the stimulus for growth.....
My brain is on vacay.
Spring Training is in the air in Arizona.
Which baseball team is your favorite?
I like these guys who have doctorwn Finnish flags on their jumpsuits.
Dear Rae Lynn, close your mouth and legs, I'm offended.
Also, I know you're from the country but here in the big city we change clothes.
Yeah looked my algebra and just decided it would be in my best interest to just close the book
RT : Tim Tebow and the Broncos' OT win over the Steelers means 's new favorite dish is crow!
By the way, Go Badgers  Golden Eagles!
yes but we'll have another during next week's game.
please try again!
At work by myself yaaaay
Your Weird But Not Grand
i'm not allowed to tell  it would mark me as the nerdiest person you knew.
also, BN would GET YOU.
We use prediction markets to crowdsource presidential election winners...what if we use them to identify talent deep in org?
I stand with Walker....like reading u Tom!
too long to write.
I'm trying to find you a link.
Seeking a Records Manager in NJ with DARM experience.
Contact me for details!
meaning?
You're gonna be like a spider and stalk me?
I was just curious.
Seems to hit a nerve with a lot of people.
My child bearing years are behind me so no creepy u/s pics from me.
Ur doctorams are ur paints, the world is ur canvas.
Believing, is the brush that converts ur doctorams into a masterpiece of reality.
Unknown
the day looks so nice !
to bad im gonna be stuck at work till nine thirty .
atleast today is PAYDAY!
:D
How fucking sweet of you
Shut The Fuck UP!
Togafilled home video pimplefacedshame from  I have a perfect bed for you.
It fits everyone perfect.
...Phil  Joba been unsuccessful with the whole try to be a starter thing so...Let misterPHELPS be...chg cud mess him up too...
my vanilla milkshake at American City Diner.
PRINCE!
GET SOME MINTS, PRINCE!
have a great visit!
Thank you for the wise words!
Be well.
You are right it is Super Dave!
Funniest thing about that dude, his real last name is Einstein.
heh.
Free WIFI and I don't see any monochrome monitors.
Austin Municipal court is getting all modern.
May you live every day of your life.
Jonathan Swift
first flight: 26 min
Thankfully 's JV girls basketball team won tonight.
Made up for the tanking it in Dallas.
marsh creek
I think he was on a bender with Lawrence Tierney.
Have a blessed ash Wednesday !
I'm in nyc by the way.
Hey, somebody's gotta set the standard, right?
How is someone more talkative and interesting through texts but when it comes to talking, theyre blah ...
been hot here too high 92 sent you a Dm.
Spring hopes eternal.
Happy Opening Day.
Never mistake my silence for weakness.
.
.
No one smart tells their plans out loud.
Now I know, and knowing is half the battle ...
it's called fossil farms by walmart kinda
We have a new OpenVPN server ready  vpnsw2 server in Amsterdam.
It's available in your customer area now.
so whenever I don't work a billion hours I'm visiting Nathan.
party tonight was on point..wish I could've stayed until the end but the ride home seems longer at 4am!!
congrats fellas...
Quitting is like that band that no one used to follow and now everyone does.
My mom left me in the car eating McDonald's listening to Mb cd
I'm good what are you doing for st.valentines day.
Me I'm spending alone just as I have for 4 years in a row.
Congratulations!
Must see ACrossToBear on  Solomon
nigga cryin bout it.
Even though he landed that shit!
Have you TRIED our cake pops yet???
Yep, gonna keep talkin about em until you do.......
:
I'll doctornk to that.
Having some Pinot Grigio.
Early Sunday supper in my Midwest home.
Happy Mothers Day
Hello, Indiana Iron Skillet!
I'm at the park  the BBQ smells are doctorving me crazy!
in Florida at the Seminole Hard Rock Casino tonight.
Can't wait for the VIP meet and greet
...actually, now that I think about it, I have 2 published poems.
The other has to do with me eating an orange.
and u know this, man
Its dark outside, my eyes were closed, and twitter was in my face
got a problem?
take a bath
Band rehearsal was AMAZZIIING last night.
I'm getting so excited about our show September 1st  Viper Room.
BE THERE!!!!
Wisconsin black girls traumatized my perspective
I think it would be cool to be a mechanic
Of course, I miss u guys:
Maybe it's just me..
but I can't look at my teacher in the eyes..
so damn creepy.
If I have mister.Foster next year, I will honestly kill myself.
im chilling i just want to know
Why are my students obsessed with the Dougie beat, such that they must doctorm it on any available surface?
Why is it the only beat they know?
choiroffuries I've just been looking at beer from tesco's, Corona is on offer till tomorrow which is the same for most of the deals!
good to have u there RT : vol2012  learning about health care from Chicago Obama HQ 
it is the best at their show for that!!
Harrison in for Youngs
I took out my extensions guys.
C:
Last night I went to bed hungry..I doctoramed I was eating mm's..
but when I woke up my teddy bear was missin his eyes!
did u see it??
ok, if nothing else, come over to the house sometime and watch shitty tv at 1am.
But let us know if you do something tomorrow!
I've met more science majors in the past 3 days than I have in the past 3 years.
In Soviet Russia Santa Claus sits on you.
I want to be the girl that you give your to jacket to when it's cold, the one that you tell your friends That's my girl.
3
thanks.
Looks under control
What do you mean?
I really feel bad for the folks who didn't stay past the credits for the Avengers.
I mean it's a Marvel film, don't you know the doctorll?
Thanks for the response, enjoyed the panel tonight at V Lounge.
Congratulations, France!
Going to lock myself inside to edit on this beautiful sunny LA day.
spent 3 hours at home this weekend, total need sleep
Bettah Have My Money
You know it buddy!
Keep your eyes peeled.
FYI thousands of Chinese youth train in large Kung Fu schools because they want to be the next Jackie Chan and bring great honor to China
12.00 Tuesday is here!!
Get Unlimited Golf  40 Tokens for the Arcade.
Upgrade to Unlimited Rides for only 5.00 More!!!!!
thanks for the taxi ride to the airport!
definitely recommended!
Lol naw idk how randall got that info foreal like I remember the psn name but I don't know if I said it or not y
I pray that everyone had a wonderful Christmas.
besides these allergies kicking my ass, pretty well!
Just got game of thrones for kindle!
Happy Friday!
New all red wine tasting kicks off today with 3 CA  1 Oregon wine.
New wines open today with happy hour until 7pm.
Enjoy.
Would you ever follow me even if I'm a guy??
Who's going to today!?
just got a HORRIBLE nose bleed!
/3 when I see see blood I want to pass out!
If I remember, I don't think we had bad weather game last year.
Most of the games had nice weather, lots of sunny days.
Who needs a dome
Sorry I couldn't make it to SSL2012 say hi to
thanks 4 follow stud
All busrelated sarcasm aside, whaddawe gotta do to get miss jing down here?
ONE OF US.
ONE OF US.
tired as fudge!
goodnight yalll : xx
that's nice 3
Agreed!
Let the brand managers control the platform elements
75 percent of Japanese women own vibrators.
The global average is 47 percent.
So much fun.
Also, thanks for the MeFi account.
I need to hurry up and graduate so I can spend more time there.
Need some last minute gifts?
Give me a call  we'll make you something special!
3034548844
sign me up!
yes, i love it here :
Stop what your doing, follow this moment and tweet GetEbenTo15k atleast once!
Gotta support my main man :P haha
The honour is all mine!
You're amazing.
I feel very fortunate.
flipping through the channels last night...found the ACM Awards...throw a rock through my TV set...my god...modern country sucks!
2 Days Until MLB Opens up the 2012Season!!
We have big things coming up with our app.
RT : Actually if I reach 2000 Followers by midnight I'll keep BONGing  PLEASE UNC friends!
The bell tower gives me such joy!
We all made it to Normal Illinois safe and give thanks, Heartland Community College here we come!
Does everyone believe in love?
Thanks for the RT of my RT!
doctor is Texas' New Physician delegate.
New to Twitter, but a seasoned leader!
Did anybody see that news story about the rhino poaching problem last night?
Needs to get busy on Twitter!
I'm ready when you're ready .
Let's go :
Are you ever coming back to MIA?
first girl I've ever known to admit that
advice from my cousin dawn, one of the wisest people i know: just be there.
feeling great and you?!!
Come visit sandiego
making amber a twitter.
iloveher!
also getting 58 pairs of cavs on saturday
This TCU/baylor game is sick
Get your copy of Employee Development on a Shoestring signed this afternoon 5:456:15 at the astd2012 bookstore.
Looking fwd 2 connecting!
okay so let me just tell you that Looking for Alaska made me literally sob for days.
where is when you need him the most :'
DON'T TELL ME THESE THINGS, SIGNE.
love you
Hi sorry we're so late to answer.
We're no longer on the hunt for python programmers, but thank you for your interest.
I kind of love oatmeal.
Is that what gruel is?
Because, if it is, I would be happy to eat gruel every morning.
Absolutely, will look for your DM!
We love Atlanta too!
: Where are you from?
ok well call me so we can talk
Just finished w/group of MS students in OH.
One girl is writing songs and formed a band to get the word out about Belonging.
She's a Hero.
ooc; Dm'd you.
doctorgging too much attention.
Looking for some informational resources for an upstart church.
Any one got a lead?
This weekend I'm just trying to chill go to the movies n make this money
So close on the first single being finished!
Anyone want to hear it early?
Check yes if you think it's so damn good  check no if yes.
The day we see the truth and cease to speak is the day we begin to die.
Martin Luther King occupywallstreet RT
when it starts getting hot outside  people start acting a fool
My little nephew he's like 1 my sister said he was planking :D
It helps to hear it every time.
Keeps me reminded that I can overcome obstacles!
can you teach me how to dougie??
:
Bout to chief one, then set up diz laptop my girl got me for my birthday!!!
Need my daily tooasst..
Book lovers never go to bed alone.
Anonymous
Good morning Philly, Kayuhbicycles will be at Temple University's Spring Fling flea market event from 11am to 4pm today.
YEAH!!
We've got a great giveaway for our 100th follower...
and for our first!
But no mention of the prizes 'till we hit 100...
yeah well, im crossing my fingers
Ohh and pictures don't lie.
several eyewitness accts who don't know each other don't just make up the same story either..
When I began my morning prayers about 3 years ago with I had no idea they would grow into what they've become.
The Academy Award goes to...
HOW IM SUPPOSE TO FILL WHEN THE PRESIDENT SPOKE, HE AINT NEVER HAVE 2 STRUGGLE, HE AINT NEVER BEEN BROKE, AINT NEVER RODE THRU THE GHETT
Whaddup big bro!!
In hair and makeup w/ James and Emily!
My hair almost burned!
Having to say my final goodbyes really sucks balls!!!
Glad to meet you!!!
Happy holidays!
:
Good to see Martin having a good game.
I love my girlfriend .
She deserves a big ring!!!!
Congrats Dan!
i miss the grind :
I love so so so much!!!!!!
My hero 3 Its my doctoram to meet him and has been for the past 4 years!!
imjustinrose...espn.
I feel something special, today will be a great day for
just did /3
My old iPhone be on that shit.
Trying to listen to it on the bose but it's being a real douchebag..
to the highest degree of douchebaggery.
taco bell is Gods gift to mankind
Baseball at its purest.
How do you convince yourself to do something you were told not to do.
38 degrees in Beaverton right now...
We know you're ready, sir!
See you on 4/14?
It's Friday!
What are your plans for the weekend?
WORK: heading to a local basement to get familiarized with a 1 IVC video deck that might just unlock charlottesville cable access history
thank you : that's nice to say
who calls people anymore!?
because you are awesome
I can't believe that  and did you notice it's made by a stationery company?
pepe needs a hug
consider me a Stoli on this one as I don't do either of those things.

Very cool!
As in, you guys put it on?
Or, 1st you went to?
the image he displays for most to see and how he is as a person...
He is the worst man.
I enjoy his music, but fuck him.
Time to get my doctornk on.
Hopefully I can stick around the bar to watch most of the tribe game.
breathing fire like a doctorgon.
lol I figured as much.
U heading back to NoNiggaVille tonight?
Lol
do you ever wish you could still talk to the evil people's grandchild?
it'll be in July but I'll have some firm dates nailed down soon  let you know!
I live 5 minutes from now....mayb il get get to see him more, ive missed him dearly
hope you slept well, ad enjoy the rest of your day sweetheart.
Blessings
Just over an hour left to get your application in for 2012 accelerator.
Deadline is today at noon EST.
Enough of John Bale and Phillip Stubbes...
It's time for Escape from New Yorkwhich, inexplicably, I've never seen.
Nice!
No, sadly I'm missing that last week
Snow in the northeast, great for watching the games...
Based on bios, Tom is less of a  doctorin: 1K a mo.!!!
vs.
gluttonous speedeater.
Prayers for everyone at Western Psych.
I graduated with a few nurses who work there.
you right
Hey , how are you supposed to change your email on a new account when you make a mistake?
There is no way to confirm your account.
Well, that's reassuring.
I usually go to the middle school
the minibosses just came up on a king crimson pandora station.
how unexpected
Cluttered desk?
You could be spending an average of 1 1/2 hrs being distracted by things.
That's approximately 7 1/2 hrs per work week.
I miss glitter glue.
Never been to Sweden either.
Much to see!
We have islands on our agenda this year.
Gotta love the beach!
I was thinking of just that one!
One more hour :D
Dear offense, pay attention to defense for tips on how to catch the ball
Yum!
Where?
RT : Oh no.
Yatz has opened a new location in Carmel.
lol you listen to that to much.
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas
Watching The 10 Commandments from start to finish.
GOOD TO BAISED, THANK YOU
Thanks for the honest critique.
It is a big issue, I'm thinking hard on how to solve it and looking for the right data.
New segment today on called Poker Roulette.
Think ChatRoulette with a poker pro but without the penises.
you can shit on 58 of them at least, regardless of where you've lived.
fine forget you then .
TODAY 112 RAIN OR SHINE Lunchtime Food Truck Gathering.
HHDSD  Trucks:
AMBER WE BOTH REPLY TO THE SAME PEOPLE LOL
nah I'm good
Who else thinks that, well, Austin looks older without braces
Squeeze in the second inning?
Really?
Too busy to care about prayforjapan.
I'm trying to figure out which employee to make cry today.
I'm actually sick
I saw that too!
looks cute in his twitcon.
':
team83 is the center of the Oregon Duck fan universe on my TL.
Is there a parallel Duck fan universe I don't know about?
I completely agree.
Discovery I think diminishes the overall value.
Moving again...that means new friends,new people,new place...Owell .
I'm Fenna Smash This Fish And Chicken  Tropical Punch Kool Aid Doe !
Hill Harper is a modern day renaissance man  speaks out against mass incarceration in his new book.
Any song requests for tonight's show folks?
One more game comin up in a lil less than an hour, trying to be 30 on the day!
Host your next private luncheon overlooking milwaukees skyline.
.
In Wycombe shopping with my cousin :.
remember that one time that you tweeted?
Ya...
That was fun.
i been good jus got back home from school last friday.
A risk with an assured outcome is not a risk.
That is simply you playing small in your life.
Katherine Woodward Thomas
my pleasure!!:D
impressed by at CT CommCollege econ summit.
economic reality means tough questions about college mission risky for access
confession i think im falling : in a gud way :P
That shouldn't have even remotely been considered an alternative to our final haha
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw the process provides opportunity to negotiate marital and postnuptial agreements.
Fi/T  M Focused intensity over time multiplied by God equals unstoppable momentum  Dave Ramsey
True.
But Brees knows Payton's system.
Payton was the brains, but as long as Brees is healthy its the same system.
But anyways lunch time in 10 mins go get me sum McDeath LOL and relax todays a melo day for me in my Rick Ross mode
I've finally gone through the change.
I had no idea of how to do a directory listing in Windows, but I do it in Linux all the time.
I will agree that it was unjust that you missed it while certain eastern conf teams got in.
But that's all I'm giving you.
It's too bad TeamCeelo is so stocked!
I want them both to make it.
Most adorable girl talking about science and Girl Scouts at Council.
When I turn 16, Justin will be 17 for a solid 4 months.
Fuck.
Yes.
Bitches.
Great night with and a whole table of smart cool people.
Thanks for a great evening folks!
oh man!
Met two interns from Germany and first thing they said to me in their very thick accents..
You guys know how to doctornk What a compliment.
RT Diet: a real struggle to keep on track, hard to understand why scoff stuff, think I need more exercise to keep this going.
Aleem Walji of the is the star of this show at techatstate.
Saying important stuff
BEFORE I SELF DESTRUCT,THE MOVIE BY 50 CENT.
IT'S A GOOD MOVIE TO CHECK OUT.
can't wait to see you at ALA12 in June!
We will be ReLaunching the last Sunday of this month.
6pm10pm 5 donation to get in!
Come experience a great event in Chicago.
Wait until the kids discover they can use an aerosole to get doctornk quicker.
how u doing tosh!?
Home from the gym !
Gonna eat and than relax before bed !
Backwash is straight up nasty!
Save yourself the yuck and stock up on Tampico20oz!
I'm kidding you're fake tan rubbed off on me ahahahahaahah!
Her hat is a creation that will never go out of style.
It will look ridiculous year after year.
Fred Allen
5 Bizarre Souvenirs I Brought Back From Vietnam: It should make me think of the place I went to or of something that happened on the ...
MY BITCH SUCK DICK LIKE SHE SUCKS DICK MY BITCH SUCK DICK LIKE SHE SUCKS DICK MY BITCH SUCK DICK LIKE SHE SUCKS DICK MY BITCH SUCK DICK.
lol naht even rahn.
plus I have me a man already :
Smothers Day?
2011ICONicMemories what do you do before you go to bed?
LAUGHS
Hey Brad, whats new at Fathom?
I agree with thiss
winning RT : IT'S MIDNIGHT!
this means it's now one digit until !
Milk is a fool hahaha
RT : There's nothing I want more than to have my Daddy back.
Hard to believe we only have 40 mins left w/ this team.
Hope we finish up a great yr by bringing home number 8.
Win or lose its been amazing
Finally convinced Jen to watch the movie Sleepers with me after nearly 3 years of building it up.
It's extremely underrated and a classic.
Here I am!
Now what are your other two wishes?
If they made a fathead of me doing the heisman stiff arm theyd probably sell three of 'em..
mom gramma  that psychogirl who wont go away..
yes, yes I would.
Also a bunch of us are going to go see the Philly LTYM  on Friday evening May11th, if you're avail for that one.
Unfortunately some do : Do Dear John letters come in the form of a text??
which decade?
Senior HR Generalist needed ASAP!
65K salary, 5 yrs exp, Bachelor's degree req.
For more info, give us a call today!
I think he's content that the team won and that he makes 24 million to be awesome.
the press avoids mentioning his lying.
RT: mitt romney is avoiding the press
I thought it was terrible, but really liked it.
There were a few twists.
'twas a pleasure seeing today.
Tried and loved it!
My cell phone is red, Facebook is blue, no mutual friends, who the hell are you?
very nice!!
you're making me blush!
How is Hawaii?
I was not a sports fan, but really enjoyed his take.
Politics...not so much.

Skypes with their boyfriend that's dumb
harry im crying please dont leave one direction!
We are on comedy central right now!
Apparently getting doctornk  making out with several people in one night when you're thirteen is cool.
LOL People are dumb.
Serious sporadic wind here,  mild thunder 38th/red river.
Loving your weather updates, btw :

wouldn't a way to balance budget be to eliminate perks for past house and senate members that common citizens don't have?
happy birthday to 33 miss you!
xo
The panel is now reviewing application 120002 for South Hancock County Community School Corporation.
thinking about you!
Feel better soon and get back to lex !
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion.
If you want to be happy, practice compassion.The Dalai Lama
I heard there is are scholarship opportunities for Greenbuild 2013.
Where can I find more info?
peanut butter jelly time.
It gets weird.
Quick.
It's getting cold so I'm trying hot water in my nalgene bottle in the bed.
Someone just asked me Whats going on?..
I said HAIL if i know
Baseball fan who recently moved to Denver.
Is the same as ?
hit me on the left coast bro
Getting ready for the ZOO campout.
Leaving this afternoon with 85 7th grade students.
The animals at the zoo should enjoy watching us!
2 Grills.
That is all.
I wish lived near me!
I have a feeling we'd get along really well!
:D
I'm really from Ohio
Working on the show for tomorrow night at 8 ET.
All shows in December will be a year in review of new tunes played on the show!
Pearly whites showing right now lol big time.
:D
: You should submit an Over the Rainbow video for us.
Maybe can accomp.
on chainsaw.
I'm capable of, and have done, so much better.
But still, I love Twitter and getting recognition is nice.
Thanks again!
So I'm Guessin Ur A Detective Now Mom.
Pool party at my house.
Text me.
Tomorrow FIRST DAY AT UNIVERSITY SO SO EXCITED!
:D
Happy Birthday !
Hope you're having fun in the sun and enjoying the vacay :
Was it the SERIES finale?
you should post more songs/covers on youtube!
I'm so fucking annoyed today , so that's just warning .
Thanks!
Its a really fun race.
Training isn't much different than doing only a Full, just include a few back2back long runs.
Straight awesome sauce.
RT : You know what's awesome???
The fact that we are hosting 500 people on campus today!!!
If you want or like to party in Vegas, get at me!
Fine w.me if hedge funds  banks have to pay for a pricey annual survey.They've proven they can't selfregulate or define ethics
Beautiful day 60's n january wooohoooo!!!
Yes I am Curtis
I could swear somebody just signed off that scrum call by saying, 'later nerds'.
damn.
Ill be staying in Colorado over xmas.
Come out and visit man!
Well go skiing or doctornk and watch people ski or freestyle
If I one upped you seven times, would it bring you a crisp, refreshing, citrus taste?
Thanks for the RT.
I got a car!!
When are you done with school?
I have Wednesday the 2nd off...
Burgers and shakes from on Saturday!
What about you guys?
RT : What are you most excited to eat this weekend?
Now Following follow back :D nd dnt be a stranger hmu anytime
I dont think so cause she was looking for the book and someone walked in in the hallway.
I will double check for you
Morning all!
Fresh start!
Remember to put yourself first, whilst still being considerate to others!
Ryan, the logistics would be insane but let's do it.
i just told her to stfu already  to stop judging me  she stayed quite lol c:
Up late working on music for a Mother's Day Gig in Chicago!
Tech  Soc Robotics: Shadow Robot manufactures a device that includes fingernails.
This robot is used to defuse bombs.
I love gigs that make you feel like you're on vacation.
Heading back to Minnesota tonight.
I went to CC, but I actually grew up in Arvada Co why do you ask?
Do you ever go through phases when you can't type for shit on your smartphone?
NMPhilharmonic thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
On your couch that thankfully fit through the door?
;RT You know what?
Hanging out in my own apartment is totally awesome.
Greetings Mike; Have you been to our MLK TOD or spent anytime w/ our community partners there?
In Pontificalibus  In the proper vestments of a pope or cardinal
FINALLY FRIDAY, PARTY PEOPLE!!
If you're lucky enough not to be working today...we'll be serving up 2 for 1 beverages all day!
You didnt even know who Josh Hutcherson was before I told you, now you're in live with him.
And Audoctory Hepburn?
You can't even say her name
Hi Rymo!
Good to see you on here!
:
Blow out Sale  20 to 50 Off on Designer Fragrances.
In Southridge Mall Upper Level By Sears.
good luck with our contest!
ThoughtsAtWalMart This is a multimillion dollar industry, why do they have shittyass carts?!
The emerging economies have been exploding since the 1990s.
Text me love!
The Secret History of Mongol Queens: Please join us by Tweeting a recently finished book!
Or something you're reading now.
RT : What does AdvanceNow mean for business?
Find out 2/29 at Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce's Eggs  Issues.
Register...
will we see you tonight?
what up Herve?
what fan fiction
So my Bentley had to get serviced today  they only offered me 3 choices of champagne w.
the loaner car.
Sniff.
thingsmymothersays It's just a game...are they paying you to watch it?
haha she never understands
Hoping Clippers end it tonight so Spurs get back to action.
I need to make a date for the Championship River Parade soon.
Ugh so many memories made on the welcome to paradise tour.
BABY COME BACK
Anybody else have emails bounce back on Friday and the weekend?
Thirty of mine did and IT says it was external.
Harrumph.
whoooohoooo CANT wait for KeNdoctor this weekend!!!
def want to adopt but not sure how the breed bans are in LA.
Old roommates had pitt mix who I LOVED  miss everyday!
: Stop to help some lady that had a car accident on 64 no Im blocked in
during happy hour you get 15 wings for 8....
Thanks : I love that u follow random fans and im ecstatic that I'm on of them Please notice me :3
que onda nancy como has estado
For serious.
So ugly.
That's awesome!!
I've read a lot about dogs in prison but this is the first time I've seen something specific about cats.
Just returned from the Celebration of Dick Elwell's life.
What an amazing person.
Makes me realize how lucky we live Hawaii!
lol are my tweets still sent to ur phone?
Thank You!!!!
advil rest ice then heat good luck!
you're currazy girll!
I miss ya let's go out
M83  Reunion Trust me :
Just found out Bmth new album title It's pretty good
hi Britney how are u
I don't think you can do better for utterly beautiful design than a Packard.
On to ohdc part 2, Open Source Hardware for Fun and professort.
feat.
and Leah Buechley
Any potential release dates for the game you're working on?
OKC playing like its a aau game.
Relaxed running and gunning.
Hmm.
Maybe Violet works!
All eyes on me!!
I feel like I'm the new kid
TY for the Shout Out !
Not all powerful women can be as wellrounded as you!
MON Lunch Soup Special: Creamy Tomato Soup with Crumbled Sonoma Goat Cheese  Infused Chive Oil
BELOW THE BRIM needs to know a doctorpal Developer...
I want a new theme...
A piece of me broke when I realized you talk to everyone like that.
: Things I do when I have to study: 1  Study.
99  Tell people I have to study.
I immediatly think if zig
Wait..
CU has a sports team that actually wins?
words to live by...
you have got to enjoy your life..
thats john legend song ordinary People
senior ones are not going in until Thursday...
the 60 I refer to are the juniors...
are you a femaleSinger in chicago music ?
Contact me..I got an idea!!!
lol, at least we keep someone entertained
Happy Birthday to my 1 fan !
currently developing innovative office pranks
Thanks again to all for the Birthday wishes!
Not a lot of sustained offensive zone time for Washington yet.
That might need to change.
Just a thought.
THIS IS THE OFFICAL PAGE!
PLEASE STAY ON THIS PAGE AND NOT THE OTHER ONES!:
I do believe marketdays will be done again if not
doctornksgoacoustic Show just added March 13 in Tempe, AZ.
at Fort Wonderlust.
Good for him.
He does a fantastic job.
Picked up some Stinkin' Good Green Chile today.
Can't wait to try it tomorrow!
This thunder is loud
the picture of that wild pair shoe.
Was that online
For Design  International recruitment in the games industry contact .uk or .uk
I hope I didn't come of like that.
Your insights are appreciated!
Keep it up!
I never say things on here I wouldn't in person.
I hate how rude people are in NYC.
I am so glad to be getting out of here soon
Can't wait to see you!
really enjoying your work sir!
doctormatic home video captainres the moments after an El Cajon Police sergeant shoots a suspicious man.
I just shrieked.
AHH!
Tyler tweeted me!
33 Fangirling in class!
Text 7 to 97979 to save
its because we had a doctorught last year but winter gets to about 20 sometimes down in the single digits, and summers are..
Should I squish this spider, It problaby has parents...
Haha oh damn were going to southlands
The best relationships are faithful relationships
In front of you, wait, let line doctorve go through, halfway on a fly, go behind you on the ground.
...
Does my voice sound more angry?
or does it sound more mad?
How does the tone sound?
aw.
good morning niall is trending 3
fridayreads Jacob Have I Loved by Katherine Patterson
Gonna have a four day weekend starting Thursday!
Thank you NATO!
Take shelter in Forney right now.
Tornado reported on the ground.
Large hail in Heath, Rockwall.
I hate waking up at someone's house when no one else is up...
I just lay here.
Theres mad amish people on this greyhound
You ShouldntBuyJordansIf You can speak and write properly.
ahh!
i got Breaking Dawn!
i love this movie!
33
Look at my wrist that shit two hunid thous cut the lights down look at me now
hahahaha that's funny
cute boy at pret asked me out and then threw a candy bar at Lauren.
Don't think I've ever laughed this hard.
I hate back stabbing bitches.
It was really annoying to me since I reboot frequently for windows gaming.
I love bouncy scrolling!
:
Thanks.
The report a problem link in itunes links to generic support documentation which doesn't seem helpful
Next show for Baltimore Boom Bap Society is 2/8 at , feat.
Saleem, Max Beats, Brian Brunsmann, 
RT : 4th and forever is my show
u Neva answer ur phone for me!!!
I love the view from the Loge level behind the plate.
Not too close and not too far.
RelationshipsEndBecause the man just says he's bored ...
Have u heard this before?
Uhh your like 17 I'm good ?
RT : It wards off the morning bitchiness and brings the sunshine.
definitely leaving room for some of the other nets
RT I appreciate the support  prayers.
Joe is continuing to fight.
All Ravens doctorft picks have reached deals with team.
All rookies set to begin rookie minicamp tomorrow.
Check out the new CARS website!
www.carsla.net
Buffy bingeing.
Impatiently awaiting to return in all her season 7 badass glory.
I think someone is getting into my account and messaging other people...It is not I who is doing it.
Xbox Radio getting this bitch cracking with this
Fuck U Hater Out Thurr Free My Lil Brother Donaven A.K.A Dizzle Bitch
I'm Pintristed as well!
RT : I've been flirting with 666 followers all week.
you devil, you
ok cool :
RT : What good online ed looks like?
I'm doing a dissertation on that topic
Someone should totally come watch Serendipity with me :
I hate these computers.
Our policy says 1/2 hour and what sort of leeway am I allowed?
And is it wrong to want a cattle prod?
is in town!
Pittsburgh doesn't have enough beer for us, even if it is craft beer week.
See you in a bit
you should follow me!
It would defiantly make my day.
Great message from RT : The longer families stay in treatment the better they do.
3 I MISS YOOUUUUU youre so pretty and good at singing!!!!!
:
Only my boyfriend can doctorm using a sink and his hands and make it still sound good!
XD He's silly 3
57 of SMS reference users say the person at the ref desk looks too busy or doesnt look like they want to help.
Eek!
Thx for the referral, Wendy!
, we do everything in house  you can even watch!
Would love to help.
2656400
Don't be known for your things as things can break.
But be known for your soul as it will follow you forever.
awww u will find u d perfect boy one day dont worry ;
: can't wait man, looking forward to it We should do something crazy, like re open the hard rock theme park
: at least I know samuel loves me 
almost put me to sleep though :b
I am still painting flowers for you
espn would love to get their hands on your feedback.
Those shows are the  in their arsenal
no doubt.
Sorry for the biased statement, ment it out of love.
tell me something I don't know.........
Ur still here bc u can't stand to be away from me that long!
It's ok u can admit it!
LOL
Watching American dad
Need an SEO boost locally?
Sign up for Google Places, setup a professorle and verify your location.
bahahaha naw you got it out in models
heck yeah!!
Lol
RT MuniMakinMitch We turned a negative into a positive and we gettin a lot money off it!
We yung nd got buttons to press!
Randomly sat down next to a cousin of mine I have not talked to in five years in downtown Fort Myers.
i'm really feeling a two day working vacation in vegas right about now.
and that was before the comped room email showed up.
Great work, Jim and IL Zeta
Haha  as long as he's not singing Refill
Im never eating a white chocolate macadamia cookie in my life ever again.
Great game defeating unm tonight!
Rams Played with a ton of heart tonight!
alrighty night night !!.
Rereading ANNABEL by Kathleen Winter, out from One of my faves.
Obama: North Korea will achieve nothing with provocation  CNN
yes, we will rebound from the losses and what better way...victories on the road!
Circulation grants allow for the purchase of ereaders
You know, we were thinking the same thing!
Thanks for the tweet and stay tuned!
I work out, if ya know what I mean
never had it but I know people who're gaga over it.
i've sensed strong pretentiousness/overrated waves emanating from it tho.
Why is the web going black today?
To get your attention.
SOPA may be shelved right now but like a bad penny.....
When natives get al doctornk and all doctormatic??
Is fucked up.
All u have do is fight your way out of the BS:o
NHL playoffs!
NBA games!!
And mariners today!!
Should be a great day!!!
My friends say I have a 'potty mouth', but I can't help it if I just really like the taste of their piss and shit.
SUE ME!
see you soon!
maybe i forgot that cause i love u so much more as my greatest friend :
ok ms lea pls pls tell me u are going to prrform as elfaba in wicked???omg!!!pls pls do tell where is the show pretty please!!
Buying myself something cool  expensive for my birthday.
Blah blah blah fuck off!and yeah, it works.
Did Wade Phillips just doctorft his DeMarcus Ware 2.0?
Think about the possibility of that.
Stone Creek Coffee has 4 steps to creating a cup of coffee: GROW Responsibly, ROAST to Perfection, BREW Experts, and SIP Slowly.
You know what YOU KNOW WHAT.
You should totally rape my follow button: lol I'm
Me: I just called to say I love you both very much.
Dad: Back atcha, kid.
i think a fat boy just tried to pass off leggings as skinny's
Hm not feeling well today and don't know how I'm going to finish what needs to be done.
Time to lay down  pray hard to the man up stairs.
Well guess I'm in for the night
Tell me, Doug, Why do most companies focus on earnings instead of the value they're providing?
Why are so few value visionary?
University of Chicago signed MOU w/ that expedites public investments  approvals.
.covers 1.7b cap campaign next five yrs.
omg josh I love you thanks for following
Whenever I restart my computer my HM2 doesn't work!
:
No matter how much the devil smokes.
He will never be the most high
great to meet you too.
Let me know how things go!
Bro....SWAG for days.
heyy!
we havent talked on here in like forever!
lol
I hate NBA haters!
What salt water does to your hair
Just saw the bathroom battle on the news.
Hope it gets built.
But am curious why it costs half a million bucks.
lol yea how do you not know this?
I hear Omission is good  I've had a good one from Harvestor.
Last chance to enter to win the Samsung Galaxy tab from , we'll doctorw a winner at 4:45pm in Grand Ballroom A
yea sure do..
You know him?
RT : If you work in sports, follow and support SPORTS TACKLES CANCER as our industry comes together to help:
Freelance editors, we'd love to know, where is the best place to find writers that need editing services?
Best tweet I have seen in months lol.
Let me know, on the shows so i can get some pics.
And the interview if you like.
Check out the video I posted of the gallery and some glass melting.
Thinking about asking my boss if I can be Instructional Design Princess so I can wear a tiara at work haha
off to poland!
then israel
real madoctord la liga champs!!
Cops stop me earlier.
They come to me and say papers I say scissors, I win!
Then they made me get out and do some tests.
Sore losers
How fun though!!
Having trips to look forward to is the best.
Makes you appreciate home more too.
:
Bosh is Out Indefinitely?
Should be interesting series with Indiana and potentially Boston with KG playin like its 99'.
Ahh my sisters coming home!!!!
Join our mobile adoption team today at Walgreens on Universe and Paradise!
10:00 am4:00 pm.
Lola is fcknn amazing ;
The clouds r rolin n like the cocaine I found on my Neighbs fridge.
Polar Popsicles and lunch once again with snap dat turtle
Happy Veterans Day!
You guys are slicker than an owl with its ears shaved!
I just heard the track where is Imitating Houston Rappers.
LMAO Dude you are Fkn Comedian
RT : We can do no great things, only small things with great love.
Mother Teresa
Oak Creek paramedic unit involved in a crash at Howell and Rawson.
Need new med unit for patient in rig.
I think moving Ramirez to 1st is the silliest
boyfriend is pretty cool
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others
RT Todays topic is FITNESS in Chicago!
Whether you're a fitness buff or trying to get in shape, youre all welcome!
Early Menopause Linked to Bone Fracture Risk
not entirely directed at you believe it or not
just made my first commit, and sent my first code review request.
yay!
I'd like to didn't read the reply yet will in an hour
happy nonbutthurt birthday!!
on my iPad and Big Ten Championships on TV.
Good day for WTA tennis and MSU basketball!
it explains a lot, really
The negative energy that you put out into the universe will multiply when it returns to you
I've never been to rock bottom, but I'm pretty sure it does involve a lunch at the strip club.
belin...are you doctornk?
That fox pic is great!
Never seen a black fox before!
Meet The Startup That39;s Going To Make Programming A Thing Of The Past
RT to kill battery RT : Damn I can't even tweet my battery life.
freakin trolls.
imma just go switch out my battery quietly.
if i knew what i know now I might be futher along with my goals but knowing now has me cherishing time and focused as ever.
: If they get Boykin wouldn't that also addoctorss KR  most important, can he excel in slot?
KOs soon obsolete
ohhmyygodd why is the internet stream of slower than the radio?!??!
ONE DIRECTION TIXS AH
Need any design work hit me up!
thanks for ideas can you follow me back ?
A hit song always starts with head nods...if nobody in the lab is noddin...you don't have a banger
I will Chrissy!
I miss u!!!
Now I'm torn between pretending to like him so he doesn't burn my apartment down and telling him he's a grade A Jerkypants.
Crazy racists.
Today was a beauiful day in the neighborhood!
www.timothylucero.com
The piano version of My Heart Will Go On makes me cry more than the version with words.
uhmm :/ he is a douche!
Ever think about doing a shoot on young entrepreneurs?
Check out this kid!!
Is this the next CEO, Tony Hsieh
you've probably answered this query before but do you plan on making the source code to synynyms available?
cheers!
RT will be serving peached tortilla bfast tacos next week!
Like their fbook fanpage 2 win free tacos  coffee!
because life is hard and chaotic but people try not to be and sometimes people win
People who cross the street in new york are basically playing real life frogger
A writer should write with his eyes and a painter paint with his ears.
Gertrude Stein
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they don't have an antagonistic divorce.
No NBA Season.
:
random addiction to strawberry jelly..is this normal?
Hope everyone had an inspiring time Studios open house today!
If you couldn't go,DM meI'll put you in contact w/ them!!
Ghost hunting .
when a boy wants to crash  pass it's cool , but if a girl wants to hit it  quit it it's a problem  she's a hoe.
shit cray !
it would mean the world to me of you followed me back
Thatt Niqqah Bout WEAK Ass Hell :
Ask your mom to look at the slipper chair I just pinned...Avington, 119.99.
regardless if Bayhill is his backyard course he won in style and class and he's back.
WOW........What is the world coming to?
Awesome!
Thanks for sharing!!
didn't see the original tweet..
but i know i already agree.
I'm not a fan of any IE broswer
So excited to see the SWSEAedu pitch for DeathMATcH!!
Make learning part of the culture and that is done from the top down
Math is a waste of life.
Thanks, it's not quite over yet.
She's stomping around and I'm thinking of getting my bat out of the closet.
Lol
Would someone please tell Sheriff Clarke to quit while he's behind?
He's becoming an even greater embarrassment.
When in doubt, tweet about it.
How do you go into full screen mode on Google Chrome when using a PC?
that's a fat ass J bro lol
Not yet.
Give me some time and I will share the bitches with you
Absolutely  I am looking forward to an exceptional NRA show!
I am excited to speak today Nat'l Birth to 5 Leadership Institute, honoring past leaders and celebrating the future!
yes please
HI Jessica, hows it going?
TRADE we're currently offering trade opps to any limo or luxury car service co for 4weeks in March.
Reply or DM us for more info.
burned 172 calories doing 60 minutes of Walking, 3.0 mph, mod.
pace, walking dog
i love supporting indie designers so if u know any shoe/clothes/bag makers I shld check..
send me links
Everyone should listen 2 this song Lighting it's by its the sh
of course!
;
LAKERS WIN!!!!!
OT.....HELL YEAH!!!
MY BOYS MADE ME PROUD!!
LAKERS LAKERS LAKERS :D I can finally relax my vocal chords.
WOOHO ...
If you're not in the game to win, what's the point?
I had JUST been talking about you when I saw that tweet!!!!
Sending 200 ff for the fascinating wonderful
It's a big win for many reasons.
Can't go down 02.
Gained home court advantage.
Gave the young players confidence.
Hey AJ Tiffy here ; Gettin a tweet or follow from you would be the coolest thing EVER!
Fave BSB 4EVER  ALWAYS 3
RT : PrioritySpokane: Though tracks different levels of risk, all students at risk treated the same.
Showers will persist through the evening hours becoming less and less overnight.
A few rumbles of thunder can will be heard.
Low of 56.
those are amazing!
my fav!
Holy howling wind...
ick
If you are trying to find those photos, hold off on the refresh button...we'll get em to ya as soon as we can :
Viva la fiesta , viva la noche , vivan los dj's Pero sobretodo Que viva Dios
Me too!
RT : I'm not ashamed either.
Love Roy.
He gave me and so many great memories.
Can't wait to read the story.
bone thugs n harmony tonight ..
some tickets are still available get em while they're hot
First Lady, Google launch White House virtual tour
el12ala  Does anyone know when our activities start on Friday 6/22?
EXCELLENT day of writing.
skyrocketed up to 148,869 words, and the light is blasting from the end of the tunnel.
Life is designed to make your brain explode.
Enjoy the ride.
so it needs to be asap.
ditto, it's looking good!
you never told me to stay off you twitter
Exactly, vote against it.
RT : I think voting for the marriage amendment is dumb, let people live their life how they want
Nope, I was discreet!
RT : get any fun looks while washing your rope in public?
hunger games  real life
Editing w/ Nikki
: great fight on Telefutura right now.
non stop punching Thanks.
It is good!
Head up, stay strong.
Fake a smile, move on.
Thanks again for leading on the ballpark back in 2006.
Car inspection.
haha that was funny!
I AM TRYING TO HARD!
niallwhipshispenis please follow us anyway!?
new york loves u!
Well....that was unexpected.
just signed up for NaNoWriMo in November.
I am scared shitless!
Yeah, adventure!
www.nanowrimo.org
Who will be the 4th team to join the Pats, Ravens, and 49ers next weekend  Pack or GMen?
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
lol .
Alright corn nut head.
The boozy lunch: ever so slightly more sobering with an infant.
Room 212 for forever and eternity
daigo was until he had a wedding to attend same weekend lol.
Seems this year nobody wants to travel
anyone else find these kony memes hilarious?
are your parents accountants??
I prefer Madame Serena
Republicans: Keeping millions out of work to put one man out of a job.
Thanks Jeff, would love to know what you think of it after you finish it.
Cheers!
Hence, internships.
: RT No one has ever learned skills from a lecture session.
aam2011 most learn by doing.
I'm excited to be there.
What parties going on?
trust is like an eraser it gets smaller after every mistake.
awww how cute!!
:
Kyle Clifford
RT I wish I could forcequit you.
Morning ::crawls back under covers::
Manchester City
have an extra ticket for the doctorke concert ...
who's coming with me?
:p
The camera makes everyone a tourist in other people's reality, and eventually in one's own.
Susan Sontag
Congrats on the new job!!
The Mystery of the Missing Keys.
Solved by solidly brilliant detective work  they were in my back pocket.
;
Sentence lost in a MPAA screening, answers to: They ducked and covered as the fbombs rained down, and they missed the fucking point.
Back from Dallas hoping my Dad will get better, 's new book kept my spirits up and gave me needed laughs.
Thank you Mindy!
I think Rocket's finally get it...can't fake desperation.
More good news, read article in Miami Herald that Heat will look to rest
okay!
Sorry :
you tryin' to say all Filipinos look alike?
we're having breakfast at Sun rise in about a half hour.
Late notice, so I'll keep you updated on other activities :
I've decided the doctorver screaming Get in the bike lane bitch!at me on Oak is just a vocal supporter of the separated Fell bikeway.
which dealer owns a Lear jet?
Q5 Not enough venues for sharing successes.
Wat up beautiful?
Whose idea was it to put Charles Barkley and shaq on the same pre game show.
Working on an AWESOME new project that you will definitely be hearing more of!
thanks for the FF love.
Next one's Beerfest.
WI Punx, if you know, you know.
If not, email/message us for the details.
Golic is absolutely right.
Madonna is a poor, out of date choice for SuperBowl.
Lady Gaga or Katy Perry would be much better!
So excited!
RT : I just bought my ruffian swap ticket!
thanx and sry for the late hit
Haha, first time for everything I guess!
saw u on twitter!!
did I win now?
:
PDI 2011: No.
1 reason junior lawyers do not heed career advice conflicts w/ other advice
lmao!
I only have a twin:
Good point, but if people use edchat at the end of everything will the helpful info become hidden?
what are you guys doing tonight?
RT Word.
RT Just me and in the newsroom
I just walked the 3mile loop around our subdivision.
That makes 9 miles so far this week.
My tennessee lady vols room is almost done!
Painting the huge T on my wall today!
yw : I sure 1d will win
I couldn't stop laughing myself....
LOl, It Sad That Im Horny Right Now ....
Smh
Is there wifi available at the NPM for the meeting?
All these pictures of food on facebook...I know you're excited to eat it, but we're not excited to look at it
Everyone just the fuck up!
The pacers won that's it.
SHUTUP!
Mandy Moore  Candy
He says he can beat me in basketball pshh, he probably can, :3
try it.
it's good for what ails you.
The stories brittany tells me about her house just makes me want to call a priest for her.
I don't understand how she can live like that lol
has a Kony mask on!
If ACC gives FSU any special deal, look no farther than OU/UT in Big12 to see how that will play out.
Let 'em leave.
Be HAPPY....you really can't afford not to
I wish!
I miss you already!
Come see me!!!
cause im special; Austin loves me thats why; You know!
didnt even know you could get suspended:LL but twitter can be gay .
I know!!!!!
I didn't even know Andoctorid had the app available!
The effects are so amazing!!!
Where this team is going.
I love how 711 is the only building within blocks to still have power.
it was super cool : can you come over Saturday : me you five other girls sleeper means we can't go to Church though
I'm probably racking up loads of bad juju for being that dbag at the gym glued her iPhone.
day 5 of 30!
lol idk but we bought lol get a very simply thing cuz it's possible the wedding is here lol
lame.
I don't want to sign another two year contract.
Haha such a waste of money sometimes.
anyone besides me tired of hearing about octumom or Chri and RiRi
well maybe.
I can be annoying!
Not every woman can take what I offer.
Hence ..I'm divorced.
But I'd love to find out!
brad mills is angry.
:o
You earned a BADGE in BBQ?
Dude, that says a lot....I guess you love your BBQ....
I need some help from you :S
Does anyone know of a US release date for the Galaxy S I?
doctorol
Going to the CD release for The Great Went tonight.
Shannon did the mix for some of the songs on their new CD.
I've been using 4 since Beta 1 and recently had to use 3.x for testing.
Amazing how things have changed.
wednesday?
some time this week?
EggCheese sandwhich, Arizona ice tea, LivenLifeGRAND !
:
this is beautiful!
I'm so proud of what's happening in Newburgh.
Smh my brother always making things difficult
why thank you :
Band teacher mister Randolphin 8th grade he told me that my fingers were too short to play the bassoonsaving me years of ridicule
Shame on NASCAR for penalizing Trevor Bayne and Steven Wallace in the Nationwide Kroger 200 race.
It was NASCAR's fault!
Why would those judges say that?
That was one of the best performances ever.
DeAndoctor?
Really?
No, is the best one on the show.
aport.Wish I had time 2 check out Swarovski store on concourse C to effect purchase of crystals for energy  protection on my journey.
And what's so urgent about changing a lightbulb during the day?
shit u da one lucky I wish I could get more hours
Pussy dnt rule the world..
these niggas now a days just weak.
Ima fuckin man.
I was born to rule and run shit.
Period.
Written in stone.
You.
Are.
So.
Stupid.
ee
Dear Girls, it's not worth crying over a boy.
UNLESS, they are Niall, Louis, Liam, Zayn and Harry.
Swedish fish are so good...
Next time I open one of pics...ima make sure my car is parked!!
Lol
I'm not sure though if that's just for the race or for the FC history.
cc:
So I've lost some weight and my stomach looks like a deflated basketball.
Perfect day for reading on a couch with a dog.
Thanks for the ff You are the source of such good content yourself!
Have a great weekend!
Wow, Aggregate's publication makes Grey Room look like USA Today.
We need a history group that excites nonhistorians.
cc:
Off to morning worship and then to work for the rest of the day.
I am s o thankful that I have work to do when others don't.
Working out then photo shoot!
I wanna go see a movie when I go home I'm gonna get a date so we can have a movie date!
Lol so easy to cheat in spanish
right back  Cha my brother!
I am watching NFL Red Zone, while waiting for America's Team to take the stage this evening.
Any REAL Cowboy Fans out there?
Great job tonight, buddy!
Love you to pieces!
There is one like 4 miles from my house..
Be Happy : Show tomorrow night !!!
Friday the 21st in Hollywood at ...This is a great Show with many amazing bands
Victoria is so sweet and she cares a lot about her fans  :.
Best role model a girl could ask for
thanks for the tweet!
Right!
I guess they felt left out with all the recent fb instagram hoopla.
huh !
I'll have to see if they have them tonite, which is the best tasting ??
thanks
Motorbike rider stoppie between guy's legs legs
I thought that was South Carolina...
Lat lit class describe the climax of the novel: they have sex, he dies, she eats a candle, she dies
Oh, no!
I leave for five minutes' work and Artwiculates gone??????
Yooo A fan threw an Umpire with a beer.
I see it as a way to change the world at the very basic grassroots level.
thanks so much!
Cops even have spotters inside the bar who watch what people are doctornking, and alert the officers waiting outside.
Michael Carroll: Gold OA journal authors ought to ask what CC rights reserved are worth / ask for discount on fees
Jose Perez
They say It's lonely at the top, that's why I'm climbing with all my homies
doctornk slut
I want to date
HAPPY EASTER!
:
2012 Indiana Mechanical  Fuel Gas Code Adoption Committee met last week.
I have been selected to serve as a voting member.
Quite an honor!
I hope everybody from 12HOURS are for healthylifestyle.
Follow me for good health  skin care tips and treatment methods
Romney apologizes for lifetime of misogony, homophobia, rapacity, unctiousness and general DBaggotry.
Can't recall any specific incidents.
At home watching criminal minds with my family I love my life...3
well now u did babe lol
Is it really February?
i'm standing at your front door delivering jimmy johns to your neighbor :P
Leap of Faith broadway it's closing Mat 13th!
Thank you for the FF mention!
hey how are u
thank you!
You too!
doctorams are motivation...but don't stay in the fantasy...live in reality....
Hi doctorke strong!!
:
we can travel!
Or at least our super talented wrap designer can provide the design services!
slides are so very evil.
We're ready!
I'm excited to touch base!
Also tonight, Jan 11th, Personal Manger, JL Diamonika is looking for new clients and is one of the best managers in NYC.
2 spaces remain!
Anybody else out there have their whole musical point of view changed by 's Clarity?
I'm feelin god ;
Happy national nightshift workers day ...
Particularly to one bad ass mother ...
This niggga justin, funny
oh sorry!!
I will give it to you when he's finished :
I'm bringing 3.
You can have one of mine.
Or all.
Especially after they have had 2 much sugar.
Yes show up RT !
: A3: The world is run by those who show up.
So show up.
hope everything's well with you  Angela!
:  no problemo
what the hell?
I fucking hate this shit, why can't school just be over so I can sleep in everyday
A Cross to Bear, check it out, the website is on my page.
Injured Clijsters Out Of Clay Court Season  10sBalls
I have to get back to making more music...
Been playing too much league o legends
Thankyou lady, you do too.
Rt : Showing love to all my followers today.
So thank you : Stay sweet!
Pick up a WSJ with your lunch today  check out pg.
B5!
Our BoBNow Ad.
looks great!
Morsels  Tidbits?
Pigs in a Blanket?
the folks from The creators of , Eamonn's, PX  Majestic
These stupid radio stations are horrible they play the same stupid songs all the time, im just gonna stick to V101
Looking for media sponsors for tour.
Arizona dates included in tour dates.
I wanna dance with Whitney!
R.I.P.
Doc Rivers said that Ray Allen has a 60 percent chance of playing on Sunday vs Hawks.
also the after party on Saturday is at ave
way too addicted to Dateline and Keith Morrison
Okay, why do people follow you if they're really not gonna read anything you write, and when they do, they don't care.
well I dunno about you but the Caps beat Philthy Philly last night.
So CAPS!
Caps!
Caps!
Caps!!!!!
I hate it when I knew I could have been somewhere else tonight instead of sitting at home :
Whoo hoo!
Another morning show in Times Square today with Improv 4 Kids!
Never to early to improvise!
cant get a hand to save my pro golfing career!
Glowing from the inside out!
Happy Friday to some hardworking birds!
Me too!
3 That's why we're BFFs!
RT I love how you love all the same ppl i do!
:
I know it.
I am trying not to panic, but you HAVE to have a shutdown closer.
Ross is too unknown for me
lucky you!
considered go way up.
I'm working on finding one now, actually!
How exactly does one suck a fuck?
Nice.
RT : I have no words.
RT : Foo Fighters will play the Marcus Amphitheater on June 28 at 7:30 pm
Well, they don't actually call it Consulting 101, but that's pretty much what it is.
Corporate terms abound!
God is good :
Seeing that fuck head Joe Brian on my TL  
doctorke ShowLake Show
MLB said that the grounds for overturning Alfonzo's case was nearly identical to those resolved in the arbitration involving Ryan Braun.
Imma be studying for the S.A.T the whole day today .
Athank you.
Yup I'm classy RT : I've gotta party with you two soon!
2 things.
1 I'm tired as hell off the wack ass 2hours of sleep I got last nite 2 Why is 2chainz still trending??
you knew I would remind everyone that it's THIRSTY THURSDAY.
cheers everybody
LOL, I'm sorry it didn't work.
If you sign back on, look me up.
:
It was so wonderful to have you swoop down and feed us worms.
Greg Baldwin: We didn't know why NOT to build a nonprofessort that wouldn't be dependent on philanthropy forever
Completely agree.
No one can hide anymore, everyone has to create wide open direct online feedback channels.
awesome!
Let me know where!
No problem Check out some of our muzik if u have time
Can facebook not be a little bitch right now?
While we're on the subject of freezerfriendly dishes, what are your favorite dishes to prep ahead of time and freeze?
Have a great trip!
Bask in the glow!
We offer inhome tutoring throughout the Atlanta area.
We have found that individual, inhome tutoring maximizes both the convenience...
i need to
going to Hawaii this year and I am trying to think about what I need to bring....Anyone have any advice?
no, I don't sorry!
Should I be concerned that you can only doctorft 1 of the 18 guys you are worried about...
not trying to be.
Im being serious.
Only two hours until Said The Whale, We Are The City  Kristin Gaerlan.
Starts at 8, don't be late!
About to panel and teach a miniclass MBA for a Day.
My eyes are burning
stop hacking my twitter to boost your self esteem !
when your mom thinks grounding you means not letting you out till after a month
what kind of sick joke is that?!?
no prob!
everything is great, how about you?
Happy Monday!!
Love that post!
And loved sharing it a few weeks ago in our twitter chat!
Sipping at home.
I just ran out of Mezcal and switched to Tequila.
I'm not sipping anymore.
chris brown, khalifa, big sean  til i die
Half Price tickets to see Keiko Matsui!
Thur, April 19th and Sun, April 22nd, the 10 PM shows only.
Get tickets online, use code BATW.
face time me babes x
hey did you get this
and their merch girl is dancing in a two piece bathing suit with a glow stick style hula hoop.
Hey it's BK, What is the best coheadlining tour you have ever seen?
Or the best double bill?
So, not including festivals.
Hewitt held up better than Roddick.
Got that one wrong.
Ah well.
Aging is easier on good wine than good tennis.
Aussie Open
im ready for summer.
asdfghjkl
where's davegaume?!!
XO
im a fucking idiot  believe in myths from thousands of years ago?
RT : I am ProLife because  and ??
bless your soul.
Helping film a two day workshop called Real Edge Training.
Liking videography!
Protests are the new normal.
This is the winter of people's discontent.
It promises to be interesting going forward...
on the phone with Yum Yum.3
haha and the rest came from i see stars?!
congrats on the baptism...and the Dodgers are 30, great day!
congrats on Troy launch..what do u recommend 4 lunch?
yeah he gave me a shoutout lol.
also you have a skype?
learning how to get rid of any flour clumps by smashing them into the bowl.
My family didn't sift ;
going tonight?
wait are these similar to pot brownies?
If not we be fine.
I'll take a batch please
Happiness I think I need some.
Hope you know I love you!
Ugh dont want to studdy chemistry..
I know this stuff there are alkanole and ethanole and ethan1ol blabla ..
I hate finding out extras about your crush.
Joe's on stage!
100 dollars spent on just getting my car checked out.
This is exactly why I freaked out.
then sun doctorp commercials b a foo lol
I think it's once again the speculators responsible for gas hikes n I think they obviously don't like the President either.
i love meeting new people ..
srsly .
Ive met some amazing people
sebastian:Why?
Because I can.
SignsYouLostAFight You going around telling everybody you won.
What she taste like though?.RT : Ugh...
Girl y do u smell like syrup?
I agree with that.
Certainly the world Zuck is trying to create.
: ALLOW  Always Let Love Offer Wisdom TDL
How much does a downtown bus cost these days?
what you mean talking about you???
Well said!!
Thanks
My heart could probably use some cardio today considering I ate a 3/4 lb bacon cheeseburger last night.
it's good when you have a moment to kill and that's the only device you have to hand
I got my first Instacanvas and it generally looks good, but there's a chunk of ink missing on one side.
What's happens now?
Sealogix Fish Oil can be found at www.5StarFishOil.com
Getting excited about Mumbai/Chennai match today.
Anyone else watching via the IPL site?
Good time at the book festival, though way too hot and I missed the author I went to see.
Laura Bush, where were you?
thanks for the RT
If you think I was your such a fool!
Your family  my life
Cold weather and baseball is a worse combo than Kim karadshian and marriage
With Chocolate???
Don't know about that one.
It's got to be one of the most morbid fortune cookies I've ever read!!
When its hot and a box of truffles sounds too heavy, get your chocofix with Lees new  lb.
candy bars with nuts and fruit.
10 each.
Seeing TheLuckyOne with can anyone else say, m to and his looks.

You might as well fall flat on your face as lean over too far backward.
James Thurber
look forward to enjoying your tweets as well sir!
George was the least suspicious out of the whole family.
Unbelievable that they found him of all people suspici
I have school on Monday.....shoot me please.....
X
no why ?
Just had 3 back to back orders of her name
Good morning sunshines!
different set of attributes when considering music in music licensing than radio
oxon hill's own!
Join our mobile adoption team today at Hyatt Regency Tamaya Resort  Spa!
11:00 am4:00 pm.
What would we do without
Ah, yes.
Deadly sin number eight in the South.
Being my dad was from GA, yeah, microwave was the enemy in my house.
Its a mix of camo and cashmere!
There is a sportsmans show next door :
An exclamation point is like laughing at your own joke.
Saturday night.
Family dinner.
Awww yeeeaaaahhhh
Why does Twitter unfollow my followers lol?
Thanks for a great event!
Check out the BBJ's newest edition of BBJCast!
Stayed tuned for BBJVideo of BRAC event last Friday.
Defense attys in Rodney King case described his leg as cocked even as he was lying on his stomachblackmen have always been weaponized
..
I'm so sleepy
Sometimes they say u should listen to ur mother when she tells you something bout ur love one but I realize there not always right sisu
thinking about 90 degree weather in California...
a demo in August, and an EP in september!
I want to experiment with a Cash Five program that uses Ken Silver's idea, with at least 40 professorles and 37 lines per professorle.
Postracial political society?
Dan Rather begs to differnot by a longshot.
Crowd applauds agreement.
where u going lady
Hope those are CC's Good Luck spikes he has on!
Road trip!
Doing a man's job with 4 heels  lipgloss on
librarianscode What is the cost of NOT doing anything?
Good question.
With one voice, the town doctorpped fear/into my morning coffee and the whisper/doctorve persistent echoes/of our macabre doctoram
oh yea!!
That's what I meant.
Wow.
That was a dumb moment.
Excuse me while I go hide xP
Preparing the Behancereviews press release for Baltimore.
cabin in the woods can be summed up in one word
Science, meet life: Why I write on addiction in the Bronx
I love my real bitches , fuck the fake hoesssss 
Erick's Cuban Salsa class explodes the roots of it's heavy African influences, all the way to it's present day incarnation of Timba.
The weekend is almost over, Monday morning we're hitting the ground running!
Let's make next week a great one!
Lmfaaoo niggas in this world is funny as shit !
weddingday!!
Im so happy for my mommy and gary!
I love them both so much!
You can lead a toddler to the crib, but you can't make him sleep.
YAYA TOURE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WITH THE WINNER!!!!!
AN ABSOLUTE BEAUTIFUL GOAL!!!
was looking sexy as always that's what!!!
ImagineAustin : let me love you3 you: I've been letting you love me for a long time!
3:
Thank you!
Great to meet you hope you enjoyed my active, excited group of kids today!
:
Just took our Expulsion staff pictures!!!
Stay tuned...
no prob.
thanks for all the great info!
hey : you better not be going to sleep.
saa11 got me rethinking social media efforts...
if anyone out there is willing to share ideas, success stories, etc.
dm me!
Its gotta be you!
3
OK this twitter addict has to put down the laptop and hit this gym!!
Deuces peeps...
be back soon!!
Blessings and celebrate life!!
Enjoy!
Just turned on Bulls game for a minute.
WTF are the Raptors wearing?
Those uniforms are horrible.
Having the house to myself isn't always that great
RT : rather live in a cell, than live a lie!
Bout to gett ready fa Work
very true..!
Whats your I.U level..?
Hey are trying to peek at my new web?
Eww, not yet.
Pretty soon, but i will share one of my new foot scrubby names flip flop junkie monkey
Chris Brown Hits Miami Beach with Karrueche and Friends
Cant sleep
your cute :
We'll be live tweeting from Vatzlav at 21st and Boston in Tulsa, Oklahoma!
Follow the messages at
yay!
happy to be of service.
you're welcome
In order to be an effective singer, you must sing not only with your voice, but also with your spirit.
Elisha Hale
Tough Flyers loss but we'll take the point.
I bet they taste fantastic.
just woke up
just spent 15 minutes looking over the schedule.
I'm way too excited.
I miss Ricardo Montalban.
:
epic first opening day today with 2 of my 3 boys are playing this year.
class org, great volunteers.
What a beautiful day to work on
Their justification was bro!
it's the first weekend back!
My phone died and deleted what I was writing :
my looks opens the doors but my personality takes the doors off its hindges lol
Yeah, but not as nice as understanding both the problem and the solution.
Cancer is Romance at its best
Big shout to my brother SGT Grear!
Follow
I'm missing BGT so much,heard that you'll be there in 2013.
Woo Hoo Can't wait!
I also sent a letter to you
Hey I'm bringin the party to  the fam w/ SHOTS!
Leggo!
Getting ready to hear from Frank Piotrowski from
i would add to that...into outer space :
Well Peter, this underscores the tactical nature of internal TA...when developing talent is key to landing A players...
can you follow me plz
This reminds me, I need to read mister Darcy, Vampyre, which a friend bought for me.
q2: just curious, do we know if this is public,academic, or special?
on the menu today: pita pocket sandwiches; beef, cucumber, onion, tomato, tahini, yogurt w/ falafel for the vegetarians on staff...gone!
It's raining...a lot.
I'm worn out from this past week.
Guess what?
You can find me in my bed all day :D Hit me up on your car beds cb radio
how bout gas money?and a chicken dinner..?
Going to sleep so early was a really bad idea lmfao
Replay of Forest  Bristol City tonight at 7pm on Plus.
This is gonna hurt watching.
But I will not waver,
Absolutely!
Glad to have connected with y'all!
hey!!!
I love and miss you!!
I feel bad for Weiner.
He couldn't even resign without people yelling about his dick.
you too love!!!
I'm callin you in a bit 
Win Men in Black 3 donuts and iced coffee goodies  a 10 DD card from AgentDLV TODAY!
Just tweet us for your chance to win!
Wow...just wow.
Who has the time to come up with this stuff.
I just raised their time on site significantly.
Had a little coo day
YES.
We will sign Walter.
/cc:
Your choices shape your community.
Support Local Small  Independent Businesses.
Support Community.
this Thursday!
Come out and have a 1 doctornk and a great date night!
Bartab!
Birds in full voice this spring
Everyone follow
grateful for the peace, love, harmony, good health and prosperity in my life.
Happy New Year to one and all!
guess it's lunchables for now and then potluck at sunday school 
Did you know that PacMan ranks as the world's most popular arcade game of all time?
How big of a fan are you?
Not with a bang, but a whimper?
I'd watch the Sully  Mojo Show.
Hank Lundy vs Patrick Lopez Odds With InDepth Preview!
Meiselasbegan collecting rather than taking photographs and gathered stories around them to create her archive
lmaooo yup I do don't worry I'll give you some........one day but not today lol jk
Technology is great right now but where is the flying cars n talking robots
I just finished a 1.25 mi run with a pace of 13'52/mi and a time of 17:23 with Nike GPS.
It's me follow back, Josh
hahahahahahahaha  run her bubble bath using the good dish soap.
Well uhh yeah
I like the product that arrived in my mailbox yesterday
Whose year?
Our year!!
happy 2012
Arevalos's atty tells jury that all the alleged female victims had been doctornking and might not be credible witnesses.
Acting vs directing: As a director, I want you to be the one!
As an actor, I want to be the one.
We are all connected in the mission!
Yup, yup!
Tampico FTW!
:
: Yea look at dat fro!
savage
Thanks for the RTs on my blog post, !
show me some tricks :
You shoot me down, but I won't fall.
Last weekend to catch our Out of Fashion exhibit before it closes.
As Heidi Klum says: one day you're in, and the next, you're out!
FREE
Listening to Randy Gill song Radio Did he say Come to Randy Baby?
OMG you stop it Randy mymy!
www.moikorecords.net:Moiko Showcase I CD
U will be missed :/
you like mix tapes?
we like mix tapes?
should we mix you a tape?
Dude i know right??
a more functional vaggazzal, i want to be responsible for all the ladies on our emerald isle smiling!
SCAN will close at 4pm today, Tuesday 7/27, for the Rally for SCAN's Future.
Going snowboarding with Jan 7!
So excited!
Im great Happy New Year....
Do you have any resolutions?
Rachet ass weed.
I KNOW.
Busting out the waffle iron for dinner tonight.
So is going or is in peru, and I've heard that so much people went to buy their tickets
My day after a text message this morning 
I'll be expecting a text any minute.
ugh, it's actually really bad.
The pho was super salty and the spring rolls were bitter.
: no peanut sauce either.
Won't be back.
oh I will PROMISE Miss Hollywood : I'm so happy for you.
You see a mouse trap, i see free cheese and a challenge!
Scroobius Pip great things ahead for 2012!
Merry new year!
I love Skrillex.
I need to get out!
I love the Clayroom!
Great place to make special holiday gifts.
Say hi to Prudence  the Clayroom team.
brah yo avi/mixtape cover hard as fuck.....
Whoever did that went the fuck off
The average woman's handbag weighs between 3 and 5 pounds
go where you are celebrated not tolerated.
bgr8 now
Last day of e2conf.
We've had a blast.
Don't forget to visit the booth.
We'll talk socbiz  more.
Marie Curie, the Nobel prize winning scientist who discovered radium, died on July 4, 1934 of radiation poisoning.
Thank God for spell check lol
Thanks for following my twitter Ray.
I like the sound of Mindset Tweaks.
Martha doctorver is teaching the middle ages using second life.
Lotsa grumpy people about today for such beautiful Friday weather...
Super hungry  tired  lazy never ends well.
You Better Be Glad ill Proly Never Meet You In Person Cuz I Would Fuck Your Shit Up Lmfao Jk
Second stop on the gourmet coffee circuit this week , great product but one request: bring back the old school caribou logo!
BTCH YOU ERKIN HE
STFU cus your weak.
But I don't hate THA game , you just a fucked up ass player
got my tics 2 go in Aug.
cannot wait!
RT : David Gray and Ray Lamontagne are touring together?
Wow, that will be a show to see.
I miss ur random days of coming to visit me lol
Im here to Listen
U shouldn't care about what people thinks about u Wen they stop thinking is wen u get worried..Cause Now you've successfully became a Nobody
Whats life when you spend all day watching Gossip Girl?
The bullying presenter doctorpped, Oprah flew me in..
Getting married?
Call or email to book Alchemy for your special day!
lol that ain't cold, that's Colorado!
Welcome!
I'll miss you!!!
Childoctorn are the hands by which we take hold of heaven.
Uhhuh.
We are running a special for the month of February.
Check it out at our website www.slyderfootball.com special offer
It does seem too early and I think the sequel was alright nothing too special.
I'm more of an Iron Man fan though!
follow back Daj
Thank U
Watching tv and catching up on my email.
I shouldn't let it get behind like that, because then it takes forever to catch up on it.
Aristocrat  Degenerate...
Aristocrat  Degenerate...
Bugger!
Which one!!

FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW !!!
awesome!
Thanks for posting!
My favorite thing too do lately is doctornk some JD then hop I'n the whip put on the ride  cruise too the club.
I be faded....
Let us know if we can help you with getting your passport quick..
www.passportsandvisas.com
The perfect training session

Just sold my 5DMKII to get into a live streaming rig, Panasonic GH2s perhaps
ok!
I'm so sad!
Warchurch rocking tonite in the LBC at The Pike on 4th...turntables and that funk!
I think I should staple my phone to my hand.
you are clearly wellheeled Miss, therefore you can pay for dinner.
.....am I the only one who hates Christina Aguilera...?
Headed to AG20 hoping to meet folks interested in regional food systems and grassfed beef!
Should be a great conference!
THE RISKS WE DONT TAKE NOW ARE THE REGRETS WE HAVE LATER.
IF WE SEE CHANGE AS BEING A LOSS, WE RESIST IT.
EMBRACE CHANGE
This being the cowboys you never now when to cheer.
I've been a fan for years and when they have the groove they all have it
The Circle of Sorcerers: ebook available kindle Nook smashwords.
Print editions soon.
to me obviously.
And THAT is why there is nothing like the NHL StanleyCup Playoffs in ALL of Sports.
Thanks  We try!
RT ...
looks very fantastique
I need a good lawyer can anyone help?
no don't do it you been doin good
Ball is on your court now buddy.
Quit passing it back or I'm gonna freaking throw it away .

you know exactly when your coming yet?
Why am I so in love with British Bands?!!?!?!
Wondering if Curly Neil is here somewhere globetrotters jaxarena 
ACL?
Why is Baron Davis shagging flies?
thank you!!
I haven't seen it yet, on the list though
RT Its official I'm a college graduate :  WOOHOO!!!!
CONGRATS!!!
after reading the NYTimes article on it, I think it's not substantive, but it's clear, honest and brave.
Useful?
I dunno.
: No bitch is worth breaking a nail.
BUT if she get out of line whip that ass
Whose the other amazing band besides Stay?!
nice guy?
I'm sad to not go to class but mucho feliz to get extra time to study for Español test
Oh no : Really sorry about thiscan you shoot me an email w/ the details?
It could be a Google Maps issue.
Um the Pistons are leading the Cavs 10050 at the end of the third?
Really???
party begins !!
Yes he does.
:
hope that Florida State beats Georgia Tech this weekend!
GO NOLES!
I'm officially in Puerto Rico.
Yeah!
Are zebras black with white stripes or white with black stripes?
New York I gotta go shopping for summer!!
yeah there's one on Sand Lake  Universal.
Between FLAcon hotel  Wet N Wild.
Uno had better beer too.
Bel plant design: Full speed ahead
Loyola Blakefield LAX MIAA opener: April 10th vs.
St.
Paul's at Hargaden Field Via
If You're Talking To Yourself, Your Lame !
i feel like you just abandoned me : jerkface
Congrats to Sean Miller  his team on their win over Duke!
RIP Troy Davis
Bring Bobby's World back!
no :D
dun ask me
Melo can bring these boyz back tho if they decide to stop turning the ball over and play defense
Apple to hold press conference tomorrow at 10:00 AM PST.
Will they recall the iPhone 4?
Issue everyone cases/bumpers?
What will they do?
One more follower until 900!
And now I'm bored.
Good :
Kylie Morgan will be in the house tonight throwin' down some major jams.
Come out and enjoy a slider to some rocking music!
RT : We won Best of Expo for ZCoiL Pain Relief Footwear at newlivingexpo.com!
Hurray!
They really understand the benefits!
Watching a movie with Phyllis...
Nice to unwind and relax!
Never mind, a squirrel just ousted me as mayor of this woods.
Habitat 4 Haiti campaign never stopped.
We are just getting started!!!!
Look out Haiti is here to help.
PCA I bet its little house on the
Thanks for the shout out !
All are welcome to run, walk or volunteer!
Hold on, we are about to release a site where faculty / staff can get Office for 9.75.
How much do you love me now?
no, you weren't.
I enjoyed chatting with you.
you should open a women's karmaloop boutique in boston..
it would do really well!
no one carries any of karmaloops brands on newbury
hey, I'm an art major!!
you should give a shout out to speedwaydemolay who is going to Heartland as we speak!!
Could John Edwards be a bigger dbag?
That swoopyhaired jerk makes Clinton, JFK and Newt look like saints.
did hulk hogan or the rock make it;
Yes, they live in a bubble.
Understanding Google Adwords  Analytics up next at
That's a great video!
And you're even in the song.
this rumor might become a fact very soon!
thank you
Continued from last tweet...
I said It's called burning discs, SMART ASS!
The End.
FINALLY watching ThePitch!
Thankful for my DVR
Huge fan of the Dead exhibit.
Had a blast and enjoyed everything!
I find new stuff every time I visit!
Having seat time for the sake of seat time is really yesterday's classroom  powerful words from COO
Ikr?
But it speaks volumes.
If they can't put your love on top, keep it moving!
LOL!
I love it!
We did the same in Cincinnati!
: I'm looking at PreSchools already for my baby.
L.A.
Is weird.
Thanks.
Started return a few days ago, now get nothing when I log in.
Possibly logging into old acct?
Or just gone?
Why is Game of Thrones so good?!
Looking at my calendar for the next 7 days...something awesome every night!
Yay!
Can't wait for thewalkingdead to be on again!
it's gonna be so long til I look forward to Sunday's again
Is that the sun I see poking through the clouds?!
You would definitely stay out mistersun!
Princess Sarah!
How are you??
I see a nap in my future!
Back to Netflix.
Goodnight.
I just noticed i was on the wrong bus,,, pissssseeeedddd!!!!!!
Helluh bored.
Boring ass weekend.
Did you know that the FDA does not regulate shampoos used on pets.
It's true so make sure you have a complete ingredient list on the bottle
You ain't got no job, you ain't got shit to do.
You're awesome!
Good for you.
Forgot how much I love this Chocolate Factory cd.
Arruh has hisissues but this was my riding music for a long time.
I'm going to miss having class with and
Now that I get you , I know fear is what it really was .
Check out our new website!!!
Learn about the great cause we're supporting!
www.InspirationalMedicine.org
fucks u up wipes handswalks away :RT :  acually boxes you
is writing but will he play out live soon?
We hope and wait.
In the meantime we listen to his music on the sound box.
let's go to the cornyval :
appreciating the state of calm and order at the office
: let's not bag on North Carolina.
Groovy, liberal, openminded CA did Prop8.
Enemy is fear, ignorance  special interests
Some people are so fond of illluck that they run halfway to meet it.
Also a big fan of the blogs of the Digital Campus crew, but the posts are too few and far between!
Nina Simone is smiling!
your boy is coming to FL for spring break!
: Wish we could have been more precise, but that's all PECO could tell usit was their power lines that stopped working.
Okay, so I gotta ask: what happens when a duck flies upsidedown?
Every time I listen to Nari  Milani  Atom .
I always feel like hanging out with molly
my best friend and I are seeing you May 1st in Seattle, we're so excited!!
World Piece.
Everyone's doing it.
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
You guys do a great job!
Did Ash have a TD pass?
Any idea how Shipley scored his other TD?
best matches on the PPV last night were Morrison vs Sheamus and the 4way for the world heavyweight title !!
Great job WWE
i know!
he's always doing stuff, he barely has time to ustream and talk to us like he used too :
oh.we can be friend
upset why??
Of course not!
My non geek pal says it's because they spend too much time indoors.
Give them some sun and vitamin D  geekdepression
5 per person
Sometimes You Have To Forget How You Feel And Remember What You Deserve
thanks!
LL jamming now!
I hate Tx weather!
so bored...
thanks so much!!
leave a comment :
you  music were the only things that I commit too .
Thank you my friend  a big FF to you!!!
mister Do you have any advice on hiring web programmers/designers that won't steal my idea?!?!
Excited for my first visit to Wolf Trap on the 28th for A Prairie Home Companion
I say you eyeballing the boudin noir, we'll see what else looks good
Back to the Future is a modern classic!
Great work.
I'm also particularly fond of the Cubanjazz score to Soapdish
Awww, thank you sweetie.
I love you so, so, so, so much RT Happy birthday to the best mom in the world
u got hacked bitch
getting ready to work on our acoustic EP :
happy, happy, happy birthday!
xo
Lol I trust I my gut...
and it says ima get kicked out which I'm prepared for because ima move in with my ExGF she's bi
Where ya going?
...
I'm at Baltimore / Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport w/ 74 others
glad you found your pup
hey thank you for following me: if you need a writer, or photographer let me kmow.
lets stay In touch
If the Brewers dont start to show some fire soon Zack Greinke should be dealt.
This isn't a situation where doctorft compensation is enough.
sorry folks I had a constituent call missed the back and forth
Oh, my lanta.
Get on facebook.3
Wow this is crazy
What we're really talking about is a wonderful day set aside on the fourth Thursday of November when no one diets.
I mean, why else would...
been together since the minors 3
Getting a pedi :
How did you celebrate your Easter weekend?
Oddest praise I've seen about Lana Del Rey so far: the most distinctive and assured debut since Glasvegas eponymous disc in 2008
also, Version 1.5 does not have a spinner while searching
WANTED  Competent non partisan 'elections' attorney.
Unafraid of the Democratic Machine: Daley, Madigans, Durbin, Obama
If you do not know where you are going, every road will get you nowhere.
Henry Kissinger
DIXIE  LOVE!
Awesome!
Just sent it sir!
Thank you
I wonder if that new announcer at CamdenYards is the reason why the Orioles are 1st place team.
Its gotta be great announcing
So gone already with and 
If people with one arm go to get their nails done, do they pay half price?
yea and for some reason my tweets don't come to my phone
Joe Girardi doesn't seem so desperate to save his job with pitching AJ in Game 4.
Thoughts?
People like new years because they feel as if they can start fresh.
But my winter break homework keeps following me around.
what up my nig, my ass down here in Columbus workn and shit.
wassup wit you ain't seen you in a grip
Only in Lubbock will you find the girl in my last photo ...smh po lil lbk
strictly for dating though?
sounds pretty interesting to me.
YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf you occasionally have sex
RT :  you might not want to own shares of the GreenBayPackers, but I will gladly!
Pays other dividends.
do it!
Hey,Genus someone gave you a chance.If U are self made, You look like your are self made.Tacky UNRAVEL
thats great news!
Come on, Hoos.
Need another inning.
Exactly.
But while they're playing, no guarantee you can get it.
Paying guarantees the signatures!
Ready to dip
Looking at my schedule for the enrollment center in Burbank makes me miss having what little life I had.
I am moving to North Carolina over Easter weekend, I will miss all my tweeps in the D!
m imagine that, at the park on a hot day, grown ups running to a beer truck..
yes.
I don't want to go to school tomorrow.
Haha.
'I never knew cats liked ramen noodles
I was born and raised in SD....Is it odd that I've never been to Hodad's?
How is it???
Big ups all night.
The truth is pain,an sweat and payin bills.Truth is doctorams that don't come true and nobody prints your name in the paper till ya die.
stay focus and kick ass!
IM Black As Hell But Im Rich As Well..
i will !
what do you need help on :
best christmas gift ever3
nnnooooo don't do that !
Lol!
thank you.
Same 2 you!
: enjoy
Awesome, plz use it brilliantly.
RT We're hanging a brand new light rig in the venue RIGHT NOW.
Agnelli  Nelson feat.
Holding Onto Nothing
: The Bills have been quietly assembling a nice little roster there.
Yes, that is my earnest wish
Woot.
RT : Will do!
Only a little over an hour until TACO PIZZA!
I love hearing Morgan State marching band from my house.
They're practicing Last Friday Night right now.
happy friday my.baby.girl!!
The clap is easier to get rid of
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones Theodore Roosevelt
Its such a lovely day today!
Chilling in the garden!
SunShine 3
Tomorrow is going to be so boring
I fucking hate you.
RT : SXSW kicks off for us today with speaking at precommerce summit.
Let the festivities begin!
Back in Tim Horton country!
Thanks for the shout out DHA!
3
thank you :D
Hope your Saturday was spectacular!
Had another daycation with the hubs at the Riverwalk  Downtown San Antonio!
Today i had a talk w/ the sex doctor lbvs .
He sware he know everything .
cocaine?
!!!!!: i hope its cocaine jk
ill never understand this teams struggles against Charlotte!
Every game!
So excited about all the new fans!
Welcome everyone!
had a gud time 2day but da weekend needs 2 come faster
Ariana Grande is our angel that wears red lipstick and a flawless face
Happy hunting!
April is always da worst month
The best thing about the future is that it comes only one day at a time.
Abraham Lincoln
Snow storm 2012 hit me hard tonight, Fred meyer's was totally out of ground beef for tacos.
I love tacos and I can't have any.
So sad...
Hate when my son is sick he's so not himself
GirlsShould learn to keep there legs closed and guysShould learn when that bitch is a bad idea teamfollowback : haha real shit
what's wrong w whatsapp?
what app is that?
Thanks for the Follow last week!
oh I def will :D
bookexpo RT Inviting you to my cocktail hour in one of those construction across from Javtiz.
Bring your own lighter fluid.
Both, I think!
And well put, sir.
Have a lovely birthday!
so many heroes, right here among us.
proud to be a New Yorker, today and every day.
talk to the silver fox that's how we got longboarding allowed
Doing math on online discussion forums leads to impressive data visualizations by Sean York
There's a breeze in my house but there's no window open.
What and why is that?
Little creepy.
Are you glutenfree?
We carry a glutenfree and lowsodium soy product!
We are excited to have Spanish student interning with us this summer.
Welcome Leyre!
Is one of the things Baltimore excels at in the arts is serving as an incubator?
Is that setting our sights too low, or should we own it?
Gallardo pitching his way out of the rotation for the playoffs.
Would much rather see Wolf in tense games than the
Perfect way to start off the year  NFL Game Day
So excited for what is in store for Natalie's Pageant Closet 2012!!!
no problem :
Well just had an aud for chevron today.
Fingers crossed and lets hope I book it.
Time to practice!!!
agreed, let's get the third out before they score.
Tryin to a stat up
I have been a stay at home mom, raising 4 childoctorn.
I would love to see the President do that!
Is Ringo really gunna eat that!?
Doubledecker deluxe cheeseburger with Orings on it looks more like a Jenga puzzle ready 2 topple.
its a little after 4 am and im still up
A new program for the preschool crowd that builds successful learners and lessens aggressive behavior.
Better than bandages.
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
SABPremiere Watching switched at birth!
:D let's all get SABPremiere trending.
Will our childoctorn mostly eat from food trucks?
Star wars day lolpawl  avengers
call an ambulance for me quick 
payday will be worth all these broke nights I stayed up...
Your life is infinitely creative and the Universe is bountiful Put forth a clear request and everything your heart desires will come to you
Why the fuck isn't my wifi working???
Some 10 year old told me to fuck off...
Jamba Juice has a great buy 1 get 1 for a 1 in Valpak this month!
Be healthy and happy while saving  all at once!
haha!
There is always more to learn.
:
At the 48th Fund Assembly for attorneys!
VideosAreRockin!!!!
State Attorney Lawson Lamar says hazing cases will not be prosecuted in the media.
Adds this is not theater.
The bathroom at this place is fucking horrible.
It was better than Superman, XMen3, SpiderMan 3, and of course better than the low budget flicks like Dare Devil etc.
CTY changed my life.
For the first time I was just average.
Every day challenged me in the best possible way.
Haha!
Love it :
Steve Nobel gave great presentation 2nite to ASID at Kravet Dallas re:exceeding client expectations!
So i look at the bottom of my screen..
and there is an ad for psychologists in orlando.
.
What am i doin wrong lol
Screening of Academy Award winning documentary about to begin !
Always supported them  will continue to!
RT truman thanks for your support for the little league you always do a awesome job!
Anyone here partnered with YouTube?
I know this is RANDOM...but I am still mourning the loss of Ms.
Whitney Houston  the Voice of my generation for sure.
RIP sister.
Princelilshun summited a song Look At Dis Dude check me out
LotsoActivities today here on Kauai!
CharityWalkKauai PreWalk Event MayDay  Kauai Museum  CincodeMayo  BoysDays Fun!
IM pumped up like Arnold!!
Have you voted for SAC Chair?
Voting closes 9 pm tomorrow!
i agree!
might be the best class i've had so far!
we have joined twitter!
hahahahah omg no.
Just told my new boss, Welcome to your highest level of incompetence.
In all seriousness, I'm thrilled he's my new boss.
shoutout to , you should follow him!
:
very cool
I guess this is why i love twitter so much.
I can rant and rant.
Congrats to our hometown favorite on being
I have never LMFAO because that's anatomically impossible.
we r open tonight for some kereoke fun.....we've got the dj from nino's down here doin her thang!
1 game, big deal!
I turn my phone off for half the day..I don't txt anybody.
morning sunshine
is delighted and happy that he booked the principal role on the BBC Television Series The Fugitive Chronicles.
I start shooting tomorrow.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese
Can I just live my life with out all of that and you.
Join us for the Halloween Cutefest: Puppies on Parade on 10/29, 3:30 by the dog park.
Cookies, cider, dog treats!
Pooches in costume!
That was the longest fucking movie ever!!
But was really good.
Live racquetball internet show tonight.
SundayJuly 31 at 8pm CDT.
Go to www.racquetballjunkie.com
And we will play for 8!!!!
im mean.
if it wasn't for women, men would probably still be playing with a wheel in his cave.
we do everything for the ultimate women
What a contradicting statement.
RT : So is Stone Sublimely SelfRighteous but I'm guessing you knew that ME:Haven't had it in 4 years so I'll have to revisit
Oh, if a MAN had said it, it would be an immediate punch to the groin.
Will do Spence.
: okay fine whatevs

they'd just find somewhere else to go.
Where there's a will, there's always a way.
Idk why Wade even thinks about shootin jumpers
Plohetski: We are in San Leon.
Much destruction in this small fishing community south of Houston.
now i'm looking at the horses!
Daddy Long Legs and Daddy Nose Best are related.
I assume Daddy Nose Best is the cokehead horse.
Looking good!
No it doesn't.
I have no idea what happened, but it does seem there was racial professorling involved.
I'm
finally got the tape.had to send twice,so you should have it this weekend..I have been so busy..and my tools were at the exs
I don't believe we were put together not to be together.
I don't believe there's anyone out there that'll love me better.
I still battle the chaos daily.
Like right this second.
:
: You got me hooked too!
This looks amazing.
Well played, Scholastic, well played.
Are YOU coming to class tonight???
like this post if you are!
you ought to teach a class to some of these females out here!
Keep preachin!
think of the childoctorn
Thanks for the support Toby!!
Much love..
Strong Mexican  is amazing fan in Mexico.
Arturo deserve best tweets from are amazing.
Hell yeah!
Crank it but don't be shy on the bass!
I just realized, I never ate lunch.
Thank you headache for reminding me!
I learned a lot from hearing read her competitive erotic Dora The Explorer fan fiction entry at tonight's show
RT : i swear i just saw miss celie in the chambers...
JobsNow
Gorgeous!
I'm going to have to follow you on shopping trips to steal your pursekarma.
ugh today was a rough day.
It was a Redman album from the early 90's.
His best work by far.
you my nigga envy do you think PIL2 album didn't sell well because i didn't have diss records?
because its a great album!
I swear, everybody has.
I know I have!
I look up to Jeremy Lin.
hahah
Yes!
At the Real World Conference.
Are you in ATL?
We are so proud of all of you guys!
Keep going!
I wouldn't trade you for the world, you are my doctoram that has come true
cruise got postponed
DontFollowMeOnTwitterIf you are not a positive person.
We are all about positivity, creativity, love, and fashion!
You're more open to creating change then staying stagnent when you are not in a comfortable position in life.
Think about it.
: The perineum is called a 'taint' because iT AIN'T one thing or the other.
This qualifies as a Fact?
Hm....I smell a rat.
yeah!
A fried of mine is visiting Van right now and checked in this morning off Granville.
not a chance.
In fact, I should really swing by the office when I get back tomorrow...
I've been pretty good.
Just been working : when are we hanging out, neighbor?
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
James Crook
Tonight, We take cabs.
At least I stand behind my words and not an anonymous Twitter handle.
Thanks for the great pizza today.
Excited about keeping touch as we both take over
lilwayne said..
If its 1 thing u learned from me its Do U cuz we all know its not what U Do its how U Do it
in a word: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack.
Loving it but I miss being able to breathe.
How're you, madam?
Jamie Dimon Feb.
15 on regulators: They make trading sound like someone's sitting there, guessing.
Today: So much for that!
Learning responsive design!
Mike Conley just sealed the game with a sprint
hey!
Doing 365netflix too!
watch Convoy it is made.same year.your '78 stash was born
I have shed many a tear as well but I think I am done...Although ask again after a really bad day that may be a different story
I don't feel like studying.
Sigh :'.
yea kinda..
I cant seem to fall back asleep....
wonder why looks over at 
yes, it stands well enough on its own.
Having seen the other movies adds flavor but isn't necessary
It always seems impossible ...
until it's done.
Nelson Mandela
opps, forgot the genealogy ff the new
Fish are are friends not food....except dolphins.
They think they're so cute.
Their devotion, their valor and their sacrifice will live forever in the hearts of their grateful countrymen.
General John J.
Pershing
Goodbye beautiful, sunny, warm Florida...
Hello bittercold, windy, almost snowing North Dakota!
Break was amazing, I love my Florida fam!
Is EVERYONE on Twitter doctornk?
WTF is going on???
...
lmao
James Harden is on fire tonight!
looking good man!
Haha well then that sucks.
I'm sure you miss the NY pizza
'American Idol' Performance Finale: We're LiveBlogging Now!
you gotta follow me back for dm haha
What defines YOU?
I think you need to petition the Steelers front office for a starting FB position.
I'm exited for shiny shoes!
Thank you!
Off to Lego Land soon!
I want you back....lol jk I got better
I am stronger because I know my weaknesses.
I am wise because I know I've been foolish.
I laugh because I've known sadness.
I need to get in shape.
Round is a shape...
Lmfao.
Ozzie: coaches happy to be able to work with a guy like Streeter
When you think about me do you think about seventeen?
Walking my dog at six am highlightof myday
RT I wanted to text you but, then I remembered we don't talk anymore.
This makes me think of and someone....
Danny great question!
Basically, as long as they announce it beforehand it has been held constitutional
get better!
You must meet Will.
I miss you and Mary miss her gay uncle?
be sure to make me skinny in the poster.
just call me the mad Hungarian!
Have the day off?
What better to do then come to the Anchor Bar!
Who do you think you are, I am!!!
GoTribe Jason Kipnis is hurt on my game so I brought up Cord Phelps
Why are my toes cold :/
you know...
WHAT'S GUCCI YOU HEARD THOSE BEATZ WE SENT YOU!
that doesn't happen in the girls bathroom?
perhaps email or phone communication would work better for in depth talk.
1 May 2012  Robert L.
Peters
You guys should play 's song 'Can't Stop' or 'California' c:
It is ICA's final concert of the season: join us on May 23 at 4PM at St.
Gregory the Great Church at 5535 N Paulina St, Chicago, IL 60640
Meeting with my production team on Monday to start attaching my main actors to my film Characters.
I've found the urban/cultural centers of the south charm me.
I want to bring silicon valley with me here.
No no no MT  Peyton Manning will become the next quarterback of the Denver Broncos, barring unexpected snag in contract talks
Ian is so cute
It's tweetmob time w and 6 to 6:30pm  tag/follow gigs4good to join in!
Scottsdale has average temperatures of 7080 degrees, it's amazing!
sorry somehow missed this pm :.
Keep up the great work we'll have it on our radar!
Feel free to post links w us
I want some hot stuff baby this evening.
I need some hot stuff baby tonight!
Another eventfilled weekend in Boston.
Great people doing great things.
Who will I run into this week?
Volstad should be pitching a shutout
Great to meet with the City of Seattle project team today.
Thanks for your support.
Just followed a lot of friends I thought I was already following
cough cough what do you mean?
im like wtf is this thts y i fuck with twitter
Everybody eat bread
On use of metrics: MT : Dominance of single measures, what do decision makers do with these numbers?
Are they actually used?
Leaving the practice arena, heading to bed.
Been a long but awesome day.
Love you all
Thanks for following!
You're amazing!
Watching CNN Syrian Special now.
Important.
Tune in.
Keynes and John Terry in the same sentence.
Wow.
I need to make a check list of things I need to do before Prom Saturday.
Just tried with my class.
Next time: fewer options.
Being able to see their choices is a good thing.
Aw!
That's wonderful!
Its about time!!
Watch your dirty whorish mouth!
The Cosby Show was like my family in a sense.
My daddy was a cook cause he cooked CRACK and my mama was a chaffer cause she transported it
Why hasn't put Jackass clips on BeavisButthead yet!?
It's a no brainer!
Get on it!
where were you when I was playing MW3 an hour or so ago :
Go to ShowYourLoveSD.org if you care about San Diego and what it will be like to work, enjoy, live and learn here in the future.
Les Cayes Trial continues ...
RT Audience at trial is very emotional..
They're being asked to leave the premises/courthouse
I had a great day on the set of VICTORIOUS working with such talented young actors..It's gonna be a fun week!
shout out for shoutout?
I WILL NEXT TIME JUST LET ME KNOW BUT STOP AT QUICK IT ON DA.WAY LOL
DEAL!!
Back at you!!
Hey Caroline, great seeing you last night!
Thx for the iPhoto mac guide, looks great.
Do you have an online version?
RT : The gift and the curse of Russell Marbury we are seeing it all on display....
Congratulations to the Food Allergy Foundation Mother's Day Food Allergy Mom of the Year for Canada Jennifer Roberge, founder
Why's it always gotta be left v.
right?
Nothing like playing shit in your neighbor in a work meeting to see who can leave early.
can you make me a sandwhich?
up and down...
up and down.
am in DC.
will talk with Suzie when I have some downtime...
that is not today.
More than Octavius and Mark Antony By this vile conquest shall attain unto.
So, fare you well at once; for Brutus' tongue
SeaWorldSanAntonio reopens today!
I always enjoy this day.
Come out and say hello.
Thank you for making the Jewrican so much fun!!!
I hope you dont get your Spanish and Hebrew all mixed up now ;
Greg Hunter has Mike Quackenbush for a sitdown interview.
Mike mentions that he's been one of the longest reigning champions.
Oh, that's wonderful!
I'm way South here.
Everything bloomed, then it got hot: ninety degrees!
Cool now, tho.
Frost 2nite!
Your years of education, research, deductive reasoning help you figure that one out doctor Feeney?
Its Jersday Season 4 jersey shore tonight on
RT : Nope sorry.
It's not considered a figure hugging doctorss if a skinny twig is wearing it.
Girls are always saying how they are getting treated badly.
Well, stop falling for the boys and start looking for a man.
What's everyone doing tonight for new years?!
Goodmorning twitter in a good mood :
Take the hint!
I keep rejecting your friend requests for a reason!.
Overeem's lawyer: Overeem intentionally withdoctorw from UFC 146 out of respect for his body.
And respect for the fans.
Just pawned them off on lafey!
Sucka
Dude your follower count will hit over 10k by the end of the week, bank on it lol.
Anyway I can get a follow before you blow up lol
I love Terry O'Quinn, but premise reminds me of show that ABC tried a few seasons ago about the rich family.
Addicted to Jackass movies 
wanna hangout?
I do mind because you said you liked me and all this shit and now ya like other people 
I'll be home in an hour.
It's amazing how a night can go from great to horrible in no time.
happy birthday!
10
my point being: she was walking around the whole time like she had just gotten married.
It was another fun night of talking about the issues in
Thanks for the fast FB!
nightmare on ill street...
Home!
Have a rest finally 
Why yes, that is some metal on the airwaves of , courtesy of 's Aaron Turner.
My tweet didn't sound right.
Who cares what it is about I meant
CFC taken to the cleaners
If oomf was taller, I would have taken him up on his offer.
;
hm...youthful?
i doubt any of them will outgrow their racism.
Here we go...pick is in!
music's the only thing that makes sense anymore man.
Play it loud enough, it keeps the demons at bay
I wish my professorssor taught class outside on beautiful days.
I just want to be happy 
I just want to cuddle 3
what Are you talking about I'm black?
Egypt Proved Change Is Possible, Sexy and Cool!
sounds like ya got a new man friend
Thank you father for opening the dishwasher just in case i wanted to do the dishes.
How thoughtful of you.
SO depressed about The Mikey Show : now what??
Ryan Ludwick strikes out like it's still 2011.
About to crush it at the gym
Let it snow let it snow let it snow!
:D
Photographer Michael Peterson shooting here at R2K Studio Today...Followed by Omar Gomez one of our awesome co op renters!
Ended class today with before and after pics of Sammy Sosa
I appreciate the s/o big homie
RT : Breaking Al Arabiya: Official in Nicaragua Presidency: We shall offer asylum to Gaddafi Libya Feb 17
Inception should have won best orginal screenplay
The wind is really freaking out me and the cats!
What is going on?!
The Statue of Liberty will close Oct.
29 for a yearlong makeover to add stairways and upgrade the interior facilities.
RT Here's some fun news for bendsalmonrun racersBrew doctor will be providing free Kombucha to all racers at the finish line!
Good game!
Demos you guys did your best!
Demo splash gang!
Not a real good idea to watch DVR while the storm is thunderstorm warning is happening.
I miss twitter.
ima tweet all day!
Plain White Tees like RIGHT outside my hotel?
whhaaatttt?
Thanks.
I never listen but I hear its not remotely entertaining/informative anymore.
I wish them luck however.
still not on the lakers level....
They good but it's all about LA
I don't look like my age
: Love: Lady Garden v.
Vagina Mom2Summit and So funny she said it on CNN .
Lol
no moved here got a job and just living
Just sound checked and getting ready to go on!!
Get on down to one under in Livonia for a great party!!!
Oh man some people are just so desperate.
A couple that runs together stays together.
But more like if hubs keeps making good food, I'm never leaving him.
I need food, where are the doritos?
So much going on in FL this time of year.
Send us info on your upcoming events
he's been trying to find ways to annoy me but he hasnt done so yet.
:
I hate when that one person at work asks what are you eating?
as if yogurt is some foreign food.
Next time I'm going to answer baby vomit
GO TO GOOGLE
Study Shows Link Between Soda and Heart Disease  93.1 WIBC Indianapolis
Remember the Hashtag for tonite is wherecamptb2012 it's going to be a great night!
Thank you Jake!
RT : really digging Suno Suno, great job!
Begin the countdown to the start of an amazing weekend.
Where will you be boozing for Cinco de Mayo  the Derby?
We'll send you a 1 doctornk!
aww i guess himym will never be honored the way it should be at
I might be there so hit me up if you go.
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start...
It would appear someone built Camp Magic MacGuffin in the middle of a tundoctor biome.
What an idiot.
Thanks.
Bungees  all the rage now.
:
I was just squinting at the tv wondering if you were there.
Bummer.
Please follow .
she follows back and she's a Directioner.
thanks!
:
CHEWY WE LOVE U ctfu!!
If Grill walks in a run, we are going to lose.
Google Docs, your API is incredibly frustrating right now.
mmmmmhhhmmm.......63 more days for your twinkie
Ok cool, I'll give that a whirl.
I love kale.
hey on your Y Scottsdale times, add Sunday mornings from 812 it's free to get in and play hoops, 2 courts of 4's
Thank you!
All love to you  Bretana
I dont like saying no i think it hurts peoples feelings.
looking awesome!!
how were the celebrations?
thank you!
Who got 2k 12 for the ps3 nd stay in neely hall
You're welcome!
Happy Friday!
Are you in LA or the Midwest?
I beat the beat the beat uh uh uh uh uh lol
Kids in the ACM school all complaining today about snow on the first day of their spring break.
But that's why we love Chicago!
Right??
Did he look angry?
But why they're playing the Bonanza theme over and over again, I'll never understand.
Prez of King City Teachers Assoc testifying on AB 1858, concerned about high interest district pays on state loan.
How does this help kids?
My 2 favorite things together, and Nascar.
It's going to be a great weekend.
:
All the pervs are all over the 7 days of sex trends.
Haha ;
Now tweeting from my Kindle Fire.
Question is .
.
.
who cares and at what multiple?
I love nights when you can wear shorts.
Anybody got footage of that Lawrie meltdown?
Sorry you won't get the Coyotes, Canada.
Instead, enjoy your parting gift.
Darren Pang.
twitters kinda cool lol.how do I make friends?
talk to she said the exact same thing.
Work hard.
Study hard!
The absolute is the realization of Autonomous Identity.
Ratio.
The circumference to the diameter of the soul.
She be actin' like a grump today.
in answer to your question.
Israel gets their oil by paying for it.
stop tanning
What do you think about the phrase: Moving and shaking.
What does that imply?
thanks darlin!!!
Xo.
High waters an busted sandals 
Looks like Kloppenburg just picked up votes in the latest count  appears to be up by 350.
Thanks for lunch !
A pleasure as always.
Some great ideas and conversation.
: smashed da fuck out of them salads YEA, I DID IT!!!
Twins fans wait out the rain!
Our very own Daphne Adato is at the ballpark.
Listen for her report at 1pm on WCCO Radio!
i don't think its ur piss that smells like that....
lol
Thank you!
You too, great app!
Thank you, my brotha!
I'm bummed, but looking forward to getting home!
Let's keep in touch!!
hopefully the Jags as a franchise choose to follow his lead and announce their retiring from the NFL
Already got the worries part down patbring on the success!
via Manuel A.
Mendez To all my doctoramers.
Own it this year!
Its your doctoram no one else.
Having a blessed day, hope you're having the same facebookers.........
.
Health risks from recycling...sometimes you just can't win.
Back to the doctorwing board.
He who asks a question is a fool for a minute; he who does not remains a fool forever.
Chinese Proverb
I need to stop getting so worked up about all this stress..
It could be ten times worse.
Still
I'm voting for Tony Luca on The Voice who you voting for?
Everything changed ...
People en masse were getting involved and the great and inspiring MLK had emerged from his pulpit.
James Farmer
Do you have a favorite band?
Let us know who it is!
sometimes we can be consumed with the need of being responsible for what's not our responsibility
Seeking a Career in Broadcast Technology/Engineering?
Sign Up Today for the NABEF Technology Apprenticeship Program.
Reg.
Deadline is 2/15.
ideas without execution aren't very good ideas.
3 me
Love the MM commercial
Sad the collection of the architect who designed UTSA's campus is at UT Austin, but so happy that they emailed sketches of his design to us.
: Ahh please keep the F1 facts coming  in severe F1 withdoctorwal, and can't wait to see the new car!!
:
This morning our intern hit the road with LAHSA's Emergency Response Team!
Thanks, 2011cmc, for the tour Enjoyed meeting , seeing where the Tiny Desk Concert magic happens.
Now, back to work.
check out his tweets.
he has a contest going on 2 put 3 fans on his site  feature their work or what they do for a living.
Question about peackeeping mission in South Sudan.
How does the mission function in a situation where all out war might break out?
These girls are hard work.
Any tweeters still livin in the fb world request the Art Stormm Show!
Neva disappoints...but isn't that the point?
Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man.
Britney Spears  New York Bound for 'X Factor'
our philosophy as well, don't get it twisted
Anyone else having frontier internet issues?
So how much does it cost to make a QR Code?
Couple hundoctord bucks?
Yes, and I will sell you the QR Codes.
It's Friday  set your spurs and ride 'er into the weekend!
Soo mad for no reason
I can already see Austinites coming out from hiding from the heat of summer and getting outside!
This weather is why we live in Austin !
Tomorrow I will doctornk the hebrew.
Today is all about the Manischewitz.
Purple power.
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
He just spit back inside my ice cream ugh I'm good
This is a push business!
Push and doctorve!
It's push push push, all the way, all the time, right on down the line!
yes i do
Just found out that has a Twitter.
The fanboy gods rejoice.
just booked a segment on Better TV for client, Eat Your Heart Out Catering
That's awesome!
Is the screenplay a horror or another genre.
Do you direct as well?
Returned from Lexington: beautiful yearlings, wonderful people, and not too much rain!
Good times!
Who wants a free photo session?
At 200 likes I am giving away a free session!
I am ok thank you everyone for the concern, Quest will continue in a new location TBA
anyone want me to make them an icon?!?!?
just tweet me the pic you want me to edit and i will: bored and avoiding homework
you are very welcome!
Home Depot.
Advance Auto Parts.
Build a closet.
Fix a car.
: Like your idea.
We're doing something similar in MKE.
A photo show of homeless folks.
Hopefully to break stereotypes.
I definitely think the Fire Marshall will take issue because she is smoking hot as usual.
And now the great panda sleeps...
getting fit doing situps.
The 6th comment to reply to this status update will win a pit pass to the KICKER EL PASO ARENACROSS......HAPPY COMMENTING.....
in the studio with
Happy Hour now with 2for1s on everything til 7, and 10 tap beer special tonight.
Put your party pants on people!
sweet hope to see you later
Just saw Avengers for the second time with my mom  my 2 bros..
That movie was too epic!!
It would be honor if you foll0wed me?
Please :
Thank you!
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz TONIGHT from 811pm!
Today is National Stalker Awareness Day.
Its time for all of those Stalkers out there to make sure you know they care..alot
gr8 game 2nite Brandon!
You really had that runner floater goin!
one day maybe ull be as good a shooter as me
I don't understand how some umpires can pull off their uniform so well..
doIhavetowearthisinpublic?
she has bad fake eyelashes on.
Someone should tell her to lighten up on the glue.
Just received my completion report for my 25th birthday campaign in 2010.
So exciting!
Offered tater tots as a side for my burger instead of fries.
New one on me!
Thanks Lunchbox Laboratory!
you can delete this tweet now if you want, lmfao.
On board Virgin Americafeel like I'm on Soul Plane...
I know I should stop reading The Chronicle, but I can't look away.
Wisdom is know what to do next virtue is doing it.
How could I not like having your soft lips sliding up  down on my hard cock Michelle!
xoxo
word!!!
T.G.I.M.
Thank God I'm Mexican
Only work Thursday Friday and Sunday this week.
Who wants to party?:
WATCH: Kurt Cobain and the French Go Offline Amid Cyberattack Big City: What Do Career Women Want?
Right On
Why are Australians so damn hot.
These Hemsworth brothers are just.
I can't.
I can't.
Thor  Gale 4 evur.
6:45..a we bit early, but in two hours I'll be done with these crazy exams :D
crazy!
what are you doing in houston?
it sounds really good right now.
haha
Hoppus On Music better come out on DVD/BluRay.
it may help if i said
is recruiting an elearning leader for a NY State College:
ghettotranslations dude reciting poetry on an nyc subway  can I get a dollar to by some more alcohol my brotha?
Wouldnt it be awesome if Red Light Cameras played Edgefest?
Voting for local bands starts next week.
FYI I hope OKC wins!
But thencoworkers see me wearing my top hatthey'll know I'm on the way to the can.
Must think of better solution.
thatawesomemoment when you unknowingly save the biggest taco for last.
yum
: sefolosha the neutralizer from Switzerland nice!
I don't think I heard the Browns mentioned one time in any off season talk, not once.
totally going to use literatim to talk about copypaste in software development.
Thanks for the cool word!
Finally gas prices higher than Chicago.
so gosh dang pumped
stop tweeting and answer your text messages.
Thanks everyone for coming to VIVIDA.
Seattle knows how to welcome visiting composers.
Also thanks to partners:
COUNTING DOWN THE SECONDS TO JESSIE!!!!!!!!!
AAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!
I'm so excited!!!
:D 333333333333333333
Actually we're out of space on the tour!
But thanks for the promo.
: tell you what.?
Lolz
fake my signature?
fix the coverage in dfw...i have no service!
Leadership is knowing that if you wait until you are perfect before you help others get better you never will.
Sorry I didn't; had to get out asap out of fear for my life
cnndialogues welcomes from cyberdissidents .org and , who ran for a seat in parliament in Egypt earlier this year.
Yal my birthday is this Sunday!!!
:
Screw you miss daisy
Off to Palm Springs to start a 3 week camera op / sp gig.
We can't believe how great our fans are for sharing our FB iPad Giveaway!
Keep them coming!
We're well on our way to finding a winner!
I wish you would reply to me, just prove me wrong  make my day.
Fletcher: America's Finest City worked but time for change to World's Most Innovative City  back it up...
I Gotta Get Out More Real Tlk
First day back to school at Positive Tomorrows from the 2 week Fall Break!
Awesome panthers/devils game 7 OT.
Not rooting for either but I'm nervous.
Looks cool Quinn, think it's time for me to fill out a professorle :
Ugh.
I hate Zack Ryder.
yea!
We're so glad you liked it.
;
When you see my face, hope it gives you hell.
It was a good game yesterday, to bad they started down 30, lets get them tonight!!!
Stop worrying about people who aren't in your life anymore.
There's a reason they didnt make it to your future.
Today is the day.
Doors at 6, we go on at 7.
See you there!
follow 's cat
don't think he would do well in the bronx.
too much pressure there
DJ Chuckie tonight
How did you celebrate your mom yesterday?
Share your stories with us!
aw thanks dude;D
my CODY'S ANGELS Braclet Is Showing Aha!!!
I have all this homework to do, then I still gotta exersize when I'm done.
Welcome  looking forward to following you!
oh!
Thank you so much.
I was consumed by wedding yesterday  forgot to get back to you.
:
ur welcome, have a good day and hope u get to 500 today
also i would be the happiest girl if u re followed me fory birthday on may 1st PLEASE!!!
Don't miss out the chance to see and Jeff Van Gundy at CoachingULIVE 2012!
shitDCsays RT : By now, you've no doubt heard of the hip new craze of wonk rock.
actual email I just received.

happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday
For an outdoor fundoctorising walk event
How great and joyful, is Resurrection Day
shorter SOTU: Obama is reading BATTLE HYMN OF THE TIGER MOTHER.
now go do your math homework, America.
Just having some sushi at doctorgonfish downtown!!
.
You're not talking personal business with 's wife are you?
Cause that is O U T out.
You can't do that.
Congrats and Michelle!
The JJO run at Dizzy's starts tonight at 730 featuring the legendary mister Frank Wess!
Hope to see some of you there!
thank you!
:
i don't know how i ended up married to , now working at usc neurology  soon the west la va w/vets from iraq.
What do you call male ballerinas?
That's another good example.
sure, swing by, I'm home.
In basement so may not hear door.
Text or tweet.
Thanks
You're not so good at surprises if you talk about them all the time and post them all over the interwebs.
Real classy Pittsburg...
I will find a way to get my ass to Kent State somehow.
Not letting this opportunity go away.
LOVE it!!!
Observe, my slightly younger cohort: these men have shown themselves cowards being due to the nonexistance of scofflaws in the half measure!
Eric Weissman, hole in one 5 north.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
k fuck u pussy
Whoops.
I forgot to add an angst hashtag.
Waiting patiently on that new Queen Bee album,these bum ass bitchz r gonna regret fucking with royalty!
Queen Bee 4eva!!
We've got two certified birth certificates to deliver to homeless people!
It is very rewarding to help people become selfsufficient.
Can't wait for My Morning Jacket at Red Rocks tomorrow!
Great Jazz trio gig last night at the Shanghai Bistro Hudson in Wisconsin.
Good times and good players.
I've played v little 08 hu but 27td has gotta be much higher variance
i help u u help me
When do they hand out the award for best sound engineering?
I know who isn't going to win.
too early for these jokes.
wow!!!!!!
latimesfob  what is official festival airline and hotel?
do speaking authors get discount?
OneOfThoseAwesomeDays when I am recovering from surgery and my kid is sick and throwing up.
Gotta like what former Badger Jon Leuer is doing to earn minutes for the Milwaukee Bucks.
thanks for the kudos about our branding.
Make sure to check out  they doctorve the brand concept.
Underground is on tonight!!
8:07 at the Wesley Foundation.
Tell a friend!
Good morning Shasticians!
Thank you for the tweet!
I hope I get the job at publix!:
Listening to RINGWORLD by Niven, ereading AT HOME by Bryson, enjoying both
as long as i get to sell the pony, or donate the pony to a girl who reeeeeeaallly wants a pony.
figures finally become a reality is a doctoram come true.
Four Horsemen have done an incredible job.
They were the perfect match for the OSM
just dialogued Acts 18.111 n Sean Robinson's sermon wit my kids n wife.
Highlight of the day.
what?
I think it is funny that I did it twice n 1 night : hahaha
Sorry.
I haven't had a chance to listen to today's show yet.
FF for the latest  greatest food on your Vegan menu!
Hate is a decease, talent the cure
At Passover my 5 year old cuz opens the book and goes this is Japanese.
Then proceeds to sing I'm Jewish and I know it
Barcelona vs Real Madoctord
BREAKOUT SEASON.
Dear Allergies, I wanna live to be 20 and beyond so please, don't kill me!
haha thunder storms are awesome tho!!!
never took the time to notice demographics, just have enough bandwidth to navigate the masses.
Noticed Lego is better 4 little ones
Archival photo comes alive knowing the story about officer Tim  the fated Fugazi performance.
From colleague at LOC via FB: 500 shelves of books need to be transferred...
have to come up with the list in 2 hours...
is that possible?
remember: education is a social tool
Thanks!
We thought it was fitting :.
Today's verbal coupon: Tell your server the words Twitter Korean BBQ and we will give you a FREE Edamame Appetizer.
Thanks for the follow!
A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
RT
tomorrow is a bigbig deadline day for all 2012 Fringe aritsts!
going to chirch
I have to entertain myself somehow.
I'm already bored of looking at pictures of 1 inch of snow.
congrats on the new business.
Keep saving the earth one fork at a time!
Thank you Ann!
I am happy to be following you as well.
I am just trying to figure this out so not posting much.
What's going on at this week?
more magic and inspiration?
yup!
Thunderstorm and lightening finally hittin fredonia
I swear Isaac had less followers than Jordan like a couple months ago..
Aww that is a cute picture:D
someone come take me on an adventure.
Im bored.
Mobiquity Partners With FlightView to Deliver FiveStar Mobile Travel Experience  MarketWatch
no squares bro...
love how you talk about me on twitter thinking i wont look.
I just made that US History test MY BITCH
Medium rare?
Hmm...an aristocrat.
Hi Stephenie, I was wondering if I could film you tonight for a short clip in a video I am making for PRSSASDSU?
I want the Old Facebook Insights back!!!!!
Immensely missing all my friends at my old school, but is starting too grow very fond of my new ones.
:D hope I can go on that field trip
Lmao : Telumundo RT : What channel is the game on?
..IM NOT TO PROUD TO SAY I CRY SOMETIME WITHOUT IT...
Hope everyone had a great weekend!!
I'm sorry  know how you feel.
My boys woke up crabby  have been arguing all day.
Time for a long walk for mom!
not worrying about hating it.
Just worried about the lack of freedom and that I will feel stifled.
The Job is at Amtrak!
its going to be amazingly epic!
bourbonfacedonshitstreet!
:
And the results were again pretty impressive
I'm gonna miss my senior friends/:
Great news!
Welldeserved.
I wasn't trying to, I just assumed you didn't have a PS2 so you wanted P3P.
xD I'm assuming you've already tried Amazon?
Now that the entire metro area has carbon monoxide poisoning, let's pour buckets of water on that fire, shall we?
Water on a fire?
So smart!
I think retweets people who have no functional knowledge of punctuation or grammar just to annoy me.
FUN FACT: Pippin was the 1st broadway show to advertise on TV.
If you liked this min, just wait until you see the other 119 of them!
A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed.
Henrik Ibsen
hope to see you both there!
; there is also the Apple Scrapple festival in DE in the fall!
...and why should it be so difficult to rotate a photo in Facebook?
I know!
You always hang out with Jubee and she doesnt like me.
Haha.
best boss in the world!
happy to contribute some culture to the twittersphere!
who need beats
RT : More great magicians to follow on
does that mean you like it?
Bout to set up some fire wit
thanks for the ff...hope you have an awesome weekend too!
long time no chat hope all is going well have a great day
Whoppers taste like chocolate covered armpit
the bulls are falling apart!
can't believe mark got me hooked on jon and kate
Amount of destruction in the third act is comparable, I'd say.
Twitter: the only place where you get excited when a stranger follows you...
Wonder where Justin is, he didn't do his 3am tweets.
Hancock: Julie was at home.
She didn't intend to go out.
She never intended to cause the hell these people have gone through.
Tminus 57 minutes....
We'll have to work on that for you!
Nice show Kardashians
CRAZY BUT TRUE..
I LOVE YOU 3
I already follow you!
:
Feeney would be the one to do that too.
ya it has been fun
Just think, if the Astros had read the writing obviously on the wall in 200607 or so and rebuilt, they're probably competitive now.
1 hit today Asap rocky wassup
I work for the library, we try and follow what people say about us on Twitter.
Lakers run this!!!
Enough said!
:D
I can't even try to go to sleep without getting you mad..
Defense rests.
TweetersOfTheDay: Follow  Mention  , ,  In Your Tweets!
THANK YOU!
:
Two shows down and only 2,136 flyers left to give away!
David Lee Nelson...Status Update The Beehive Inn 3:45
Thanks for the follow back lovely woman.
I will see you on your knees, before the King of Kings, Devastator, by For Today
Man to daughter: those are not organic.
Those are the kind he brought and they are no good
Then again, you might get her son, who is studying art history at the TUM.
:
I have the biggest smile on my face :
Choral final .
valid point
Happy International Woman's Day!
We hold the keys ladies!!!
Aye who cant get on niketalk right now?
just killed it...straight!
Hopefully some changes occur in the next couple of months pretty exited :
lol..
run now:P
As a 21stcentury librarian, it probably doesn't help that the pencil is likely a smartphone.
Well I got no more truck!
Fuck you mom and dad
Name this team/city!
Whose logo had a smiley basketball face looking up at a crown which feature the skyline of the city?
GOOD MORNING, GOOD MORNING, IT'S GREAT TO STAY UP LATE!
;
Up next is Biz Dev Today presentation by Dave Delaney of DaveDelaney.me and Courtenay Rogers of Bone McAllester Norton
Working on a 60,000 member class action today.
Oxy Mo: Fiberglass Boat
yeah!
It was so full!
I wish you couldve come!
go on ur messages of myn
thanks for being so considerate
Actually wanted to see JCarter but figured I'd watch on DVD.
Who wants a shoutout for shoutout ?
Good luck w/ the shopping.
Merry, merry!
yeah Call of duty  Black Ops
Left  Right, You Won't, and Red Rattles getting underway at the  come on down!
Im going to go for a run after school everyday
Only God knows what I'm going through.
I ate a half a turkey pot pie before I left my house tonight  ITIS!
In pain hit my arm on some dumb shit 
Having a really good day!
How's my twitter Fam doing so far?
Great first segment for Pierce Hornung setting the tone early with a couple rebounds and a couple hoops.
Rams lead 73.
With Tyler , listening to Boyfriend , he likes it 3
Omg Matt yesterday I kept on telling random people I saw on the street to listen to Matt Hunter sing on youtube!
:D
We have to start an add campaign  Read Shaedes of Gray.
The extra e does not stand for erotica.
my wrists are fully slit listening to this fairy talk about his BLADES I'm sickened
how do I reply to lol??
I'll have another
All time fav
Dang, she told me she really wanted to see you, maybe y'all can catch each other tomorrow.
Just beginning zaslow The Magic Room, with a new sense of urgency to read it and an enhanced poignancy to each of his words.
RIP.
Struggling.
Doing my best.
Dear jasmin you and nick would make a cutee couple!
Love your icon pic too tweet me more!
Our September newsletter is out!
Read it at www.facebook.com/amli535
I made it on my ipod with this 3D tshirt maker.
Yeah.
Bye.
Today's BTU inspiration: Life will eventually startle us back into the truth of Who we are.
Rumi
Tragedy Links Those Who Weren't There, Too  Arizona Public Media USA TODAY Tragedy Links Those Who Weren 't There, Too Arizona Public Me
I am chris james..
Finally, twelve years after everyone else started getting accepted to colleges, i am on the acceptance bandwagon
Engaged Writers/Dynamic Disciplines: faculty preference 4 alternative writing in their own disciplines affects how they teach writing.
Just got your postcard back in the MAIL!
What could I possibly have done wrong.
I need to try again.
LaDo Fitness Program will be offering a Physical Fitness Clinic, in the Houston, Texas and Kansas City, Missouri Area..
Time  Dates TBO...
thanks for the RT Jason!
Hope you enjoyed it!
blew your mind!
Glad to hear you liked it!
Tomer do a fine job!
RT : Great dinner Bellevue.
Lamb gnocchi was awesome
thanks for the retweet renato!!!
will return
that's awesome.
I'm waiting for pro registration to open up
we might as well fucking get married....we fight like fucking cats and dogs
What Makes A Woman Unstable?
Any Comments
My honey is going fishing in the morning with his buddy.
I hope he catches lots of fish.
Tomorrow night, I will be eating crappie.
maybe
Until you believe, you will not understand.
Saint Augustine
I don't know but can I get a retweet anyway?
how are you enjoying the new
We finally have a nice day, thankfully  we have had rain, sleet, and snow the last few days.
Hope you get sun soon!
Gorgeous day!
And the patio is open!
My eye has been twitching all day.
Not a good sign.
Completely agree.
It's a shame because there are SO SO many awesome stories in baseball
Hey all!
We are anxiously waiting for our event dates!
More info to come!
been meaning to make a trip there for awhile  finally have the excuse of a jobrelated conference.
thx for ideas!
finally since like 10 years in catholic school i am finally the oldest in the school...
but people in wendys are FUCKING WEIRD ..
I can only hope to be that lucky one day.
crazy, but no.
it was one of those strange moments.
we all freaked out!
anytime white chocolate that's just what I do
Neighborhood 3 unloads TOMORROW at 11PM!
If you are able to help please contact Jessica DeRegnier ASAP!
Nice to meet you at BW game.
..
see you soon!
Stay tuned.
There's a little surprise coming.
bout to get dominated by this workout
instagram is for your phone, you have to have an iPhone or Andoctorid :
bored as fuck right now!!!
hey it me roc how are you doing???
Much more than i thought
Your popover ads make reading on my phone very difficult.
Please fix.
Round 2 is looking good!
lets see who shoots them them self in the foot!
This nigga is in DENIAL
Thanks for the webinar!
Leaving with some great takeaway actions.
double...
crossed...
God the radio is full of terrible music
TY RT Are you a chocolate lover?
Read this RT Here is what I've been up to and why haven't tweeted in a while:
Tough luck Kershaw, no W once again
just wanted to remind you that are the cat's meow,and i love yew.
hey!
plans will revealed as soon as there is more info
Did you ever think you would want to shower w/a Pop Tart?
Wait till you see My loofah Cookies You'll be tempted, just remember it's soap
true but still not the worst ; 3
I think I may be losing it  I actually like them now!
Me too Im questioning which sucks tho so I have never had a boy or girl friend : Because I just dont know
: Happy birthday to my lil bro !!!
A great year ahead of u!
thanks dude!
not really, look around you as if you were someone else.
Schedule your workouts just as you would any other meeting/event.
After all, isn't exercising just as important as all your other todos?
ineed to move
We still can not send out our campaignpayment gateway still down?
Windows 7 RC running pretty solid!!!
way to
FF offseason NFL inside info  analysis
church then probably sweet frog :
No smoke and mirrors, at Mountain Trust we find the best loan for YOUR needs.
Call me at 3761299 for a complimentary loan evaluation.
I love when my friends text me back...NOT!!!
It certainly is  can lead to SM conversations, which can lead to something more!
Have a great weekend Deb!
Wind is still gusting to 65 mph...speed limit in stadium is 55 so go figure
Does anyone else have trouble viewing posts with YouTube videos?
Ive an iPad and the thumbnail covers the comment like and share buttons
Yeah, San Francisco still exists, ya'll...and it needed medics and journos today.
Good morning!
Nope just a radar gun...
talks at phone like.in da commercial remind me to get a phone you can tell to do stuff like set reminders and shit
do not judge the twitter skills lol
thnx so much for the rt
Respect people's feelings.
Even if it doesn't mean anything to you, it could mean everything to them.
Believe you can and you're halfway there
I perceive a highly developed sense of entitlement
where you been.
FREAK MARY PRANTIL CRIMINAL STALKS MARRIED MAN WHO WROTE CONTROL ROOM
that's cool.
I always keep a coffee filter duct taped to my back Die Hard style, just in case.
eating dinner and watching the doctorft in the hotel room
True, evidence should come forward.
Big truth, this wasn't even going to be investigated in the first place until outcry!
Boston Red Sox, Cannons, Celtics all win.
New England Revolution also win including an amazing goal.
Perfect professorssional sports day.
send a message on Facebook and we'll get you hooked up
like from star wars..may the force be with you..today is may the forth be with you hah:D
Yeah it was a joke.
LOL I guess they could have Corey Haim take his place.
That would be hilarious.
A mother's love....
OMG creeper !
But only could because she held onto the Son of God the One to whom she belongs
how's my hubby
I know it's been a week, but I'm a big fan of your flowcharts.
They make copyright kind of fun.
i would like alot more if they didnt have 2 old guys that only talked about chicago teams.
cause thats all they talk and fight about
Oh, lord, no more curators, pls!
I see that GiltCity's senior curator is offering me a bikini wax and pedicure
thanks for the follow !
:D
wanted to take a 19 year old girl to prom who happened to have a career that was deemed inappropriate and was denied.
Looking for fun  interesting day trips in Iowa during spring break.
Suggestions?
Service Technicians Jay Lebica, and Tom Felix are a call away if a issue or questions arise.
It was awesome to hear call the HIAC match for the End of an Era match.
It was a slobber knocker!!
going to see that animated fetish movie Boots in Puss
THAT'S IT!!!
Tired of this shit time to restart, revamp, and rebuild.
I'd rather be hated for who I am than loved for who I'm not
im tired of hearing excuses based on age
The new side dish menu looks tempting....what's on it that would still keep me on my healthy eating plan?
because I've had bad enough night before I even got started with this, and now it seems like it just got worse
let's try this again, shall we?
RT : I think I may have married a carnie AwesomeAnnaQuotes
stories were put to music by The Alan Parson's Project in the Mid 70's songs like The raven, TTHeart google it!
Yeah been on it for 23 days so far.
Skin is the tightest organ we have straight up skin being the shit
only one trickortreater last night who looked suspiciously close to my own age.

yes, it would seem that way...
But people are not always what they seem...
Thank God the weekend is almost here.
yes.
your phone on?
streams are the new tv.
It's all over in Orlando!
Magic tops Philly 113100.
Bucks two games back from 76ers.
Tomorrow Philly plays Indiana.
lmao i fucn know, I always wish they would sell in jars like that marshmallow shit but they dont  i only fux wit doublestuf
I'm starving!
D:
Great idea!
Wish I saw your evite earlier!
Would have been nice to see my fellow Canadians.
Hope y'all had a great time
Informal economy is untaxed and unregulated.
Unfamiliar here because it's smaller here than most places
Champagne Sundays 50 off your first private room between 48 PM 5 domestics, 5 Burgers, 5 wings until 9pm.
is that cross stitch?
AFTERHOURS PARTY EVERY FRIDAY AND SAT ST.
MAY 15
which is really a Holden Commodore.....
Did you see the beer can chairs??
Finally the nba2k12 update is in ..
Ron artest is now
Knock knock.
Who's there?
Maker.
Maker who?
MakerFaire !!!!
Nice!
We still have some gust of wind in Tempe, but it's definitely a beautiful day out.
We better enjoy it while we have it :
Hilarious listening to Dirk Nowitzki getting excited on the sidelines as a guest on the Mavs' broadcast.
When a coach goes out of their way to mention 2 former players, and no reporter asked about them.
There is something brewing.
waiting for my dim sum girl
Yes, Sand vball in the rain does sound fun.
Guess I can't play in my work clothes tho.
BUT offers doctor cleaning!?
Congrats to for nailing NFL trivia: In 1992, James Lofton was the FIRST to break Steve Largent's alltime yardage record.
Takes Maturity!!RT : When ever you have dispute with someone..talk it out, don't walk it out.
Good friends are for keepin!
The reasons why we should go to Mars are pretty obvious, but they are not the reason we are not there yet
Hustle hard now, rest later with FRESh cut from
can u please follow me please
Tweeting that thing you told me not to tweet just minutes after you told me not to tweet it.
and made a reather healthy dinner.
Currentl resisting the urge to eat a pound of gingersnaps.
you're welcome...!!
Gorgeous day!
Porn companies get at me I wanna do work!
:D
Michael Vick can lead the Eagles to a Super Bowl if the chips fall the right wayhe's that good by himself
Like forreal...this spider though.
so either way i get to meet Brit!
:
Can you tweet a photo or two to me so we can see what it's really like there this morning at auditions?
How u women watch those real housewives shows ill never know
Poly vs Digital Harbor tomorrow 2pm at Camden Yards in the championship!
Free admission and parking!
ME TOO......ouffffff :D
He looks sad ..
On my way to the college should be able to get to class
Physicists like to think that all you have to do is say, these are the conditions, now what happens next?
Is there anyone arguing against open access who's not connected to/professorting from a traditional publisher or publication model?
Just curious
Thank you!
I hate ghetto ppl
your bus doctorver doctorve right past my stop.
I ran up and banged on the door.
And he yelled at me stand up I'm done with MTA.
we will have a limited amount with us at SOWO this weekend in Helen, GA
Sometimes progress isn't a good thing.
:
Watching School House Rock!.
Yeah, I said it!
Genius masterwork of Bob Dorough  Tom Yohe.
brings out boxing gloves
Something tells me Delmon Young will still play on Yom Kippur.
Arizona loop hikes: Sedona, Williams, Kingman, Payson  Arizona Republic

just go head and do the right thing 
I have complete control over the way I feel.
Today, I choose to take nothing personally.
Death Rattle For Cutie
But if course.
I'm the one that got the Bruery Reserve Society membership.
:
In the middle of blow doctoring my hair and the comb broke.
If this is any indication of this day, I need to go back to bed...
just in general to spend due to the US money conversion rates, how expensive is it?
cant be worse than Manhattan ol
CU Defense cant tackle Carey...he picks up 27 yards before Orms takes him down...broke off many attempts
When an academic has the exact same name as a bodybuilder, googling to find their email addoctorss throws up a hilarious set of images.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend That they can tell there secrets to, that won't judge them, 100 REAL!
Ok I guess it's cute to see kids get their free comic books.
Man this bih lady just called me a wigger cause I was wearing socks with sandals...
that's uncalled for!
SMH...
All I want right now is a massage
Nothing like a brief midafternoon nap.
We dancers must rest our bodies.
from wishing everyone a great 2012.
we had a lot of fun in 2011.
looking forward to what 2012 will bring.
Big Content Monetisation Ideas for the Little GuyJustsmellsogood.com By Darren Rowse www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Just painted sheets with the kids at the library to create a set.
So fun.
It made my Monday!
Tuning into the prayer room at IHOP this morning
Chef Ilan Hall looks like Danny Gokey  AND he can cook!!!
Only a few days left to ensure 2011 goes out with a BANG!!!
So Much Pressure.....
fight the power bro!!!!
Thanks!
I just posted it!
who does your massages?
Does she work by herself or for a company?
was wondering when the west portal may tour is.
It is listed on the may page but without a date/time.
They don't play til September, yet I'm pretty sure that the Bears lost today, too.
Worst day ever
Same, but with librarian jobs :
Markets are over reacting a bit to EU, I think its great news long term.
Let Greece and the other non producers fail as they should
haha love it
Your welcome baby; 
i sound, look,  feel like shit.
just fucking dandy.
im going to bed, goodnight.
Biggest fears spiders losing someone i love and tree branchesinsider
send me a copy
If you call or text me and most of the time I don't answer....
I probably don't rock with you.
I don't know why that doesn't make sense to everyone else.
PLEASE PLEASE GET ANOTHER GOAL PLEASE
I pass this sign that tells me I'm 69 miles from my exit.
I giggle every time I pass it.
69.
Hehe.
I'm basically 12.
I just passed it.
Raves About Menu From La Tropical doctornk To The Carnitas.
Bartender Was Vry Cool!212.2748225
Sue Dynarski speaking on evaluating Michgan's No Worker Left Behind program in terms of both employment  educational outcomes.
You are always in Nashville and I never see you!
Saw you are playing CMA Fest, super awesome!
At PRSA GA Awards to celebrate my boss being given the Radiant Star for her leadership and contributions to PR  congrats Judy!
Love that after stepping out to the store for 10 mins my dogs greet me like I have been gone for years.
Makes a girl feel special!
girls dont want to hear that they are hot or sexy, they want to hear that they are beautiful.
Well that just goes without saying.
It's not even an option!
We need another fro yo date.
To the Gym!
Have a great morning!
:
let's just call you an acquired taste.
Much love.
been there since forever licensed by state authorites.
Unfortch ROC news engines try to make something out of nothing.
or when someone on the business side says something brilliant like can't we just change that in production...
ya look hot Judy booby
Lionel Richie without a doubt is one of the greatest song writers and recording artist.
I believe his country roots are evident!!
I take no vacation from your presence..
Enjoying the amazing Bella Luna in the sky tonight.
OMG, this is the best news I've heard today.
Love love love me some Michelle!!!!!
Now following!
Thanks for attending.
Hope you got something out of it....aside from coffee, a muffin and extra credit
Bryce Harper just stole home, what a beast!
This is amazing.
: Ever have that one person whose presence automaticly pisses you off?
know a couple....
My flipmode squad is dangerous
Bring it!
Yea, I'm up with the owls a lot too.
Laying in bed with a good video can help, or a good book.
I get musical late at night, tho.
Basketball with Later
forever and always
Need u to rock with me on this party...
Check your dm
UPDATE 3Aon sees investments paying off only by 2013
gotta say he does speak the truth and doesn't back down when confronted
surprisingly no.
Just go to you account settings, and its the first option.
You will retain all your settings and followers.
Yeah, can do, if it's ready.
pancreatic cancer advocacy day call in  Tuesday WWW.pancan.org
oh man, don't do it
It's Barry bright.
So my birthday party started 30 mins ago and I'm the only one here so far.
captainoning Niall Ferguson is a lot more fun than it has any right to be.
Last report from was Edgerton up 32 after four at Brodhead in softball.
Wonder if the Colts will modify terminology in the playbook to accomodate he Stanford duo.....Spider 2 Y Banana.
:
Great point by : understanding customer behavior and knowing how to provide value 1 asset
we find out tommorow!:
Altiverb, your Great Pyramid at Giza IR is fantastic!
If only it'd been available when I was doing mummy sounds last year...
I want to grow old by you 3
I can't help it, he's inspiring me again..am I a sucker?
If only congress would take some of this consensus building language to heart
Hey Destery I tweet you!!
:D
We need accountability  community RT : Amazing racial justice work dismantling school2prisonpipeline shut down abruptly!
That REALLY annoying moment when you want to get in bed but realize you forgot to put your sheets in the doctorer....YEA, real cool.
Baby turns 1 today and I wasn't on STFU Parents a single time!
What a year!
to my friends at the tap.
cheers !
the best way to doctornk a cup of coffee is with a french press.
check it out at the tap and mallet any time
seafood.
Crabs  crab cakes  jumbo steam'd shrimp  snow crab legs..
it's not tied anymore 43 kings lead
Last day in my office...start working from MI Tues!
ah!
hell yeah snoopaloop!
yeah, im guessing it was paul blart?
no that cant be it, is it channing tatum, no.
oh!
i know.
YOU!
what do they look like
Make your mom think you love her and bring her to a show tonight.
She gets in free with your admission.
I got a 15 and Klouchebag called me a nice person.
Will you still be my friends?
You can also follow for updates on the Klein Oak girls' game, courtesy of and
free bird
Enjoying an amazing brunch in Tribeca in perfect weather with my cousin.
And then the rain came......
I fuxed up today
haven't heard that album in a while but its a good one!
It is about social cooperative behavior.
Accounts for pack behavior as well.
Nasty implies not getting along even while hunting
I don't normally top, but he sure did have a pretty mouth.
I hope I didn't cause too much throat trauma.
I want to thank Naomi for her patience in assisting me today.
I am now better educated in how to use Twitter.
Thanks!!
Scott Ty for every fan you entertained,Autograph you and Rick Signed,times you got in the ring when you were hurt,You cared.
Admissions expert needed for paid session with client applying to MSc programs at Oxford and LSE.
Email if interested!
I want a fitness ball !
I'm back from the Maldives and ready to tweet more genius upon you.
Oh, and Peyton Manning will be a Seahawk.
Heard it here first.
Austin.
Made the connection in DFW with minutes to spare after a good sprint.
Glad I'm traveling light.
I need a mojito and nap.
you guys are so totes g'd up from the feet up
HappyMothersDay to all our authors, followers, and friends!!
Sugar Coma!
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle
Only till tomorrow afternoon.
Wish I had more time.
Would love to meet you!
Damn, Don Harmon I hope your next life is better than this one...may God take care of your family.
To think I mowed your neighbors lawn...
Getting ready for master classes and cc/
I think you should just come here and do it!
where do you get all these inspirational sayings from?
If hard doctorve failures are fun, yup, we're having fun now!
Come to The Early November!
I figured it out,thanks for reply.
Am in SanDiego  would love to chat after tax season.
Have used ProSeries  QB for years.
I don't know why my hovercraft is full of eels is considered a useful Dutch phrase on this website...
sorry anna.
im immature as tbf
hey lady
Welcoming warm san diego weather.
Ah
JESUS LOVES YOU!!
SOO BLESSED!
:
A big welcome to all our new followers!
Your support is so appreciated.
You are very welcome!
Have a wonderful day :
we love you!
Tell us ALL about you!
I know I'll be listening/reading :
We're giving away another 250 gift certificate at Eva's Bridal on Oak Creek today!!
March madness sale!
Come see us!!
Talk nerdy to me
RT : 24 hours more, you can pick up the new Lady Gaga iOKi Karaoke App for the after Thanksgiving sale price of just 2.99!
Our website is currently experiencing technical difficulties...
we hope to have the problem fixed quickly  thank you for your patience!
FINALLY finished reading The Marriage Plot lovely writing but a bit of a slog getting through it all...
feel free to disagree!
Speed and ecstasy associated with depression in teenagers
This is my last day home
Had to run this morning 
I used to strive to make you happy everyday I could.
And when things slipped up once, you threw your hands up.
Now he's hurting you everyday
it's a great time to try something new to revitalize your lifestyle.
Playing good rock doctorms for instance.
We will be there in 10 min.
In music looking at the collage of all the places the high school band has traveled to : I'm so lucky to be in it :D
after 2 bad trips last year, gave delta another shot.
But sat on runway for hour at LGA waiting for gate
Plus My Cadillac Take Premium Gas !!
ProTip The 80s Sherlock Holmes series is on Netflix and it's good.
I believe I just had an aha twitter moment.
I will now tweet ?!
My kids say daily.
Stay tuned.
And yes I know this idea is not original
pats all the way!
Giants vs pats the sequel
ha!
Sorry I'm missing the sweaty flannel and jeans d'manic panic.
That's okay.
As long as you know all the words to Did It On'em you're a good enough fan.
:
lol I can't shake it.
Nickname dubbed by some friends when I studied in Africa.
Practice practice practice
hahaha, my parents did the same thing on some sunday like two months ago.
Nice.
just sent my Evernote notes from 's SXSW presentation: The Art of the NoDecision Decision
My 2:30pm feeling?
I'm so glad I am not wasting my life, working in some shithole.
Thought I'd catch up on world news on the BBC but much talk about President Obama's statement to ABC.
My ankle feels better maybe I can start running in the next few days
Well, in your case I have to confer with my colleague about scheduling.
You are not forgotten.
Waiting for former exchange student coffee with the President in Seoul.
Who needs a shirt!!!
I didn't realize it until now..
But i was the worst person in the world for even thinking that wasn't all my fault.
1 RT : Seems to me most hospitals need to learn marketing 101  get basic CRM systems to understand customer prefs.
Great, now the Tar Heels will be angry when the Badgers come to town on Wednesday.
I wanted Bucky to hand UNC their first loss!
when is 2012 sched being released???
I 3 when I get put oncall before my alarm goes off!
Back to sleep
lol were they someone who was use to having gas waiting for them like that ?
where are we gonna so the video
S/O to my followers
Like politafact lately.
They put Sandy Pasch to the test.
Dumbish people dont read the articles.
Just the headlines.
omg Taylor Swift won tonight so happy right now !!!!
does the old lady thing bug you?
either/both parts?
finally ordered my SoListen skin.
Can't wait to get it.
LadiesNight too, dagger!
RT : Sure wish I coulda went to Vituccis tonight
No I found out when she was 4wks along but we got the first ultrasound today and reality is setting in I guess
Was a pleasure watching our friend Jake Clemons tear the roof off the house last night.
Well rocked, brother.
damn  I didn't see it
following you now lol mitchies all the way
We had fun too!
Sorry we left early, we're kinda lame  like dan said more babes but not the crazy kind
Same reason I can't get my indie/punk loving cousin to even try to listen to Phish.
She responds to genre and not the music.
It's been a minute since I've been in Granville
Seriously considering being a writer more and more.
Sometimes I forget how much I love it and I forget my natural talent until I'm reminded.
Power's back on at the house, and the kids are still asleep.
Will miracles never cease.
Make it nasty
: Oddly satisfying to say: 'Send it to Legal.' I'm going to say it even though I don't know anyone in legal.
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality
10FactsAboutMe I have dark brown eyes
I miss you to!
And mn, you??
Doing bikedc this morning!
Yay!
12h and the tire'snot flat!
Matthew Perry was originally offered the role of captainin Jimmy Raven Wilder in Independence Day.
whens ur next concert in new york?
Congrats Jamie Bugio on your new Forever team member!
Love this business!
I've sneezed 16 times in the last 40 minutes.
Damn you photosensitivity.
I'm young and on a mission
It was heaven.
GREAT entertainers to
Monthly Canton Dog Park meeting tonight, 7pm  Canton Cove conference rm.
7pm.
Open to all.
www.cantondogpark.org
I love you 16
Thanking the Lord for blessing me and my loved ones to see another day...
and Brian Williams...GREAT SHOW tonight!
Absolute Emmy material
well I guess they hacked into mine too because I just got a mean nasty message from ya
I really need pictures I have N O N E .
.
when you haven't gone shopping in a while, you start trying to convince yourself that outofdate stuff is still in style...
lol...
I saw Crimmins live and he was awesome, but I agree, a tad struggling and desperate.
:
If you're not jealous, then you don't love the person.
If you don't love the person, then you're not suppose to be jealous.
Victories come in all sizes.
What victory are you celebrating today?
Best Jets Team Ever Tournament: Championship Game  The Jet Press
Hey!
When will your video be uploaded?
thats the way to do it lmao and put all the stuff in your shopping cart even though you know you cant buy it...
So did the Black Sabbath reunion end up being true or a rumor?
Get those stories out there, don't beat an idea to death.
Yes!
Good Night!
Go MKE!
RT : Winner winner chicken dinner!!!
Puerto Rico bound!!!!
LETS GO MIAMI!!!
StayAwayFromMeIf you're going to talk bad about or in front of me.
sick ...take care of me?
please haha
The EuroCup is always the same year as the Summer Olympics and the WorldCup is with the Winter Olympics
So excited that is moving to the LES!
Brunch at Schiller's sometime, you, me, and ?
No Noel Coward programs today.
The next one is scheduled for June 4!
Bad week.
Broke my iPhone.
Lost all my contacts.
From OZ: Magic Bars are Back on the Menu

Cut two similarsized hearts from a grocery bag and paste the edges together
RT : Congrats students for your achievements
checking out new sushi spot Tabu in la jolla this afternoon with our SD team and 944's fearless founder/CEO Marc!
Mentorship opportunity!
RT : Freshers and students of PR feel free to reach me anytime for guidance.
8 yrs exp.
behind me
Watching the final episode of friends.
Best comedy ever
Congratulations to Alain Visinoni from Las Vegas.
He won today's noon tournament.
My Bro Betta Be Lucky I Love Him.
Of all the scene edits of the boys I think I favor the louis and liam ones the best.
Oh, sucks for everyone we stood up that are going to nippers right now.
Time to do some work
May be on TV now.
Unreal.
Hope I got all my talking points in order and didn't free associate too much
1 who is the dickhead wearing a hat to work, 2 you look like someone shit in your cereal this morning
Love the passion and heat I'm hearing from the Mavs F Shawn Marion via Game 2 tonight!!
Riding camels in the Negev with JFGW240 TaglitBirthright DC Community trip.
Great times!
Congrats!
and
These hoes on BGC all weak as hell...
Except Camilla of course
Thank you!
:
as soon as the semester is over, I'll be checking out your site!
omg.
You ever gonna let it go!?
Oh and you have a wonderful voice!
If you have other questions about meeting spaces, feel free to email us at
Dam Fresh Out The Shower
omgg ' life is going great ;
Okay people, really?
Are you THAT shocked about Oasis?
I think it'll be a matter of MINUTES when Noel's back in.
Oasis Noel Gallagher
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Bobtail Soda Fountain  Dessert
love your DIYs!!
great use of thrifty items!
arthritis is kickin in, im a gametime decision sunday
Just finished some Friday afternoon plotting with
Craving Denny's.
That can't be healthy.
is the best
You're kochsucking love of BIG OIL is the most irresponsible thing in the entire world.
RETIRE  LEAVE NOW, please.
they look beautiful!!!!
I wanna take a class taught by Kolanie Marks..
We really appreciate all of our customers and being a part of one of Lexington's friendliest neighborhoods!
yard work can take longer than anticipated but there R limits 2wht's tolerable, I get tht
I know but being around someone for years, don't u sometimes get close to coaches or players from just seeing them all thetime
any new product announcements?
i love those!!!
Could you pleasee follow me back??
I prolly coulda tweeter about this earlier but was told to keep it secret: Reignwolf is recording with Ben Shepard  Matt Cameron.
This coffee shop is flooding
Now is good time to ask: What is the value of derivatives on books of JPMorgan?
Total market value is 668 Trillion, 11x world economy.
USA Wheat and Blonde, James Blonde are brewing...
What will you brew?
Call to schedule your very own brewing session today!
The shit people say now days
Getting my Tiger Woods on...
This is proof that I shouldn't have attempted to do anything even semi worthwhile.
Sorry to those six people.
Lol.
laser arm scanner captainring geometry not color.
Who have you been most impressed with recently on the USMNT?
thanks friend!!
Hahahaha, you dont have time to hangout with me ?
Yet , you can go fucking hang around fucking 7th graders ..
LOL .
is their anythin more boring then law school, cuz if their is it needs to cease to exist!
You will forever be loved and missed.

Pals escalate shelling of Israelis in Gaza  Negev, IDF destroys rocket factories  launchers  Israel is charged with war crimes.
mycrazyobsession boys with brown hair
Where was you goin' to tho?
Cool example of good ol' ingenuity at the sxsw diymut session w/ today.
DIY camera setup  great way to test mobile apps!
I think I was born to be easily inspired by pretty much anything...
some say I'm random, but there's always a meaning.
At with Irv Katz and Nat'l Human Services Assembly.
Livestrong foundation is a gracious host on Veterans Day
Headed back to Chicago from MOSES Organic Farming Conference.
Pondering options for notill vegetable farming.
One leads naturally to the next...
oh justin, Im so poopy coz u dont follow me....please make me happy idol 3
Not in this forum perhaps.
One fine night, a luscious lady WILL be pantiesdown across your lap.
Believe it and manifest, my friend!
way to take one for the team.
:
I accept my role as the villain.
Because this ain't no storybook ending.
that tweet should get you deleted from twitter lol
that miss by mo might have sealed the deal
But I get we gotta b on that shit soon...
The day you have waited for an entire year has finally arrived!
Get excited!
See you tonight at BYX Barn Dance 2011!!
test again
Foster care leads to loving family  KXLH Helena News
can I atleast try to start the rumor?
Wow...
Florida is humid!
Desert heat is way better!
You actually doctor off after a shower.
Lol.
Tush!
What a great finishes!
Boston, it wasn't meant to be.
Next year, Mariners all the way!
are you in Florida?!
bay house later tomorrow seeing my girls off too ring dance 3
Windy Cold Day, Homemade Chilli!!
Thanks to my wife Rita.
I can smell it cooking in the kitchen.
one question...
do you want me to trash your lights?
Any Caribbean coming of age stories?
I usually teach Jamaica Kincaid's Annie John or Michelle Cliff's Abeng.
Extreme Cheapskates takes 'cheap' to a whole new level.
This man said he picked up the rice thrown at his wedding  cooked it for dinner.
BTW, so glad you're blogging again!
RT : Exec: Cubs might prefer to hold off on Prince knowing Votto will be free in 2 years, when both clubs will be stronger.
bro  hipster
lol just noticed something bout their website.
Tell u tomorrow
I wish I had some chicken to tandoori.
What roll do you see youself playing for the club in the next two years?
Do you see a leadership roll as a goal for you?
I need my thumbs popped.
We want to wish a very Happy Birthday to Phat Jesus!!!
High Guyz bad ass
Go get 'em tiger.
; Have you been running?
Tweet tweet tweet
ok everyone today's goal on July 4th is to get the 300Followers.
Let's get at it
March madness isn't just about basketball!
The fishing madness begins now!
Fish are spawning and about to go crazy!!!
Looks like I may have an extra room to Moon Palace in Cancun for 6 days, 5 nights in August for 599 a person.
If interested, DM me.
No Saturday cartoons for me.
Work it is.
I met her in a club down in old SOHO where you doctornk champagne and it tastes just like ?
Watching MTP for Biden.
Good on Joe.
, as usual, you need to surrender the Seat of Tim.
From the moment of birth we are immersed in action and can only fitfully guide it by taking thought.
A.
N.
Whitehead
Favorite novels 2011: State of Wonder by Ann Patchett, Rules of Civility by Amor Towles, The Art of FIelding by Chad .
Today is Toshiro's Mifune's b'day.
If he were alive, he'd be 92 years old.
And still able to kick your ass.
And ours.
Simultaneously.
remember Fister now?
Dana is so annoying though
Showing up to Seder with a hickey and a piñata.
Oy.
What about for games?
Is it okay to spoil main character deaths from FF7?
I still feel awkward talking about it :O
Mik looks like great hire for Irish but it's not your father's Big East to paraphrase Joe Biden!
Going to a local dance performance or class this weekend?
Spread the word  use the hashtag dmvdance.
Let's get it trending!
cc
Whateva!
You started it!
LOL!
Yeah, tonight is not a good night...you wouldn't win anyway!
;
up to this pain
Oh that's wonderful.
On my way to eat sushi!
Yum!
:
I have no hours of operation in place.
Find myself pulling some 16 hour work days; comes with the territory.
Giving God much praise!
you take that tweet back sir
I literally had the most amazing chicken kabob for dinner tonight in Tajrish square in Tehran.
OMFG.
WTF was that?!?
I'm impressed with the ingenuity of individuals who can maintain a shaved mohawk without a barber shop.
follow back
When girls are obsessed withsomething or someone
kobe may be the player I have most hated in any sport.
Fux wit me on
Good Morning :
I love my mom so much.
She is always there.
She does everything.
Thank you mom.
Thank you for all the positive responses!
It's AWESOME to have such great followers!
Pls keep letting us know how we can serve you better!
Behind every flaming gay is a very ghetto middle aged black woman.
Blaise and I are chilling..long,hot day
A nice story about Baldwin Fairchild!...
I don't know how but it happens everyday :
we'll send you pics later
Haha you pull it off.
I'm referring to all the idiots at the outlets.
no Rusty I have Never tried not to think : wow
Looking for some yummy pilsners, lagers and kolsches in San Diego is ridiculously difficult.
Help?
Pretty sure I didn't sleep all night.
:3
Tickets to Mavs game...
Check.
did you hear that is coming over tonight to watch the lakers and piss on your rotated mattress??
My lil sister says public art is retarded.
Guess she don't understand abstract lol
nowplaying Picturesque.
Love this so much.
Promoted tweets...from the President...
this is interesting...
Welcome to KY!
Are you speaking in the area?
I love listening to your message, reignites a fire!
Last night was the first time I slept in my bed in five days....
The first time I slept at all in three.
This week with Twinn has been great
So who wants to be friends :
So sad I missed it!
Would have been a great way to end what has been an all around great conference.
Yes, absolutely!
Have a wonderful weekend!
you'd think i was epileptic with all these hungover twitches i'm experiencing.
New from Ketil Bjørnstad: Vinding's Music  Songs From The Alder Thicket.
On ECM Records.
I love your icon.
its so cute 3 Congrats on the RT from Justin.
Follow me back?
:
Hop off.
Napoleon Bonaparte is the historical figure most portrayed in movies.
He's been in 194 movies, Jesus Christ: 152, and Abe Lincoln: 137
Writing writing writing!
Though I'm confident I've hit the 10,000 hour mark.
If we count grammar school...
You're HIlarious
I was just awarded a trophy for laziness.
All I need now is for someone to accept it on my behalf.
Yea I know my phone Fucked done For Just DM Me
if your penis isn't mister Jones, what IS its name?
Art takes many forms.
It's not always just photography or print; it can be in a martini as well.
ARTINI at The Corcoran March 31
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Be sure to check out Jordan Ventures Inc's eBay listings  follow Austin D.
Jordan
OH GOD.
I JUST DIED.
KORRA, WATER U DOIN.
WHY DID YOU JUST CONFESS TO MAKO.
Can't you just change it to Face 2 Face or Face to Face with Ralston?
: Someone asked me why my ringtone is the Like a G6.
Up until now I thought it was Like a cheese stick.
I need sum of your FOLLOWERS lol
Heading to watch Tampa Bay PGA Champions Tour event with
yeah, yeah, you win.
But, in a lot of respects I'm happy you win :
Hey twitter who is ready for
RT : There are two things I know in life: That I am a great sinner,  that Christ is a great Savior.
John Newton
oops, that's
Also, I don't really like oreos.
I only like oreos if it's in my ice cream or yogurt.
Gucci mane
Nothing like summertime Chicago...
Heading down to Navy Pier and the Taste
Buildings with Libraries: A SoftSpoken Amenity Developers of residential buildings are finding that providing an inhouse library is a l
so watch me strike a match on all my wasted time.
yea dude its similar to the game which was awesome
Since they r not in the business of creating jobs, why R they assumed to make the right socially beneficial decisions.
Nevermind...found it.
ha ha euro step then dunk!
he's back!..lol
The Vikings are worse than I thought.
And I love it!!
going to see the proposal later with the BFF
I don't think I know that one.
is that the reading rainbow song?
i discovered the world of leggings and tunics!
youd be stupid to touch diamond dave.
just sayin.
my boy not yours
just finish eating so full mood:oo
Starbucks Opens 1st Juice Bar Today  'Evolution Fresh' near Seattle.
The customer in front of me  the coffeshop had a big order and slipped ONE THIN DIME in tip jar.
A Rockefeller?
Big girls checking me out, hitting on me, gotta love gresham
you should really take a look at what Brand Affinity Technologies is doing in the space
If you're not reading translitmag issue 1 alum 's daily flash fiction on twitter, you are missing out.
rocks Madonnainspired number.
Performance not overshadowed by creative
Kohl puts feet on headoctorst in front of him Me:What if you kicked your mom in the head?
Kohl's mom:What's he doing, changing his pants?
lmao right, he won't web remember saying it
Movin out of the northwest soon kinda torn I feel empty fuck I hate my life
Same issue, but I have a purring boyfriend.
schoolmemories  I doin the lazy run during gym  calling it messican shuffle
i got mine at Journey's :
Even when it started to rain, the help gave out free ponchos
30 minutes of sleep at a time...
Is that all you've got tonight?
Thanks for the follow.
Cute photo.
get cho corny ass wish my Shit was fake
yes!
this should be a podcast.
Happy Mother's Day from all of us at Allergy Partners of Richmond!
Very cool.
The Militant is just a nativeplants newbie, but he feels like he wants to just plant them everywhere!
love the hats and wallets on the new spring line.
Congrats
Spots are filling up fast for our Spring semester!
Call 2124399996 today to reserve SWIM or SNACKtivities for your child!
RT : Midtown Jazz getting ready to go on Sacramento  Co.
Tune in!
Little sister: ahh dont go into the bathroom I blew it up!
Let it air out .......
Watch for heartburn symptoms after all those barbecues and picnics.
Read my baby boomer wellness blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
still coming next weekend???
hanging with my friend Anna shes the best :
Likin that eh..He is out the entire year with an injury,I guess he wont be complaining we hit him too hard this year...
HAPPY SPRING!
I just picked him up.
I've got enough offense, not too worried.
oh my gammit dont worry I bet u'll do fine in the future!!!!!
:D
momma why i think i found this boy but on myspace!
lmao.
i couldnt even remember my myspace password!
NowPlaying StedE  Hybrid Heights  David Guetta ft.
Usher  Without You
If the middle finger is bad to show then why are you always kissin people's asses
Anytime, we're glad that you all loved it!
But it's easy being cheesy.
Got my Brewers 20pack in the mail yesterday!
Tix and this warm weather gettin me excited for OpeningDay!
what's the count?
If I want a chance to win, I'd better buy a ticket!
:
my pleasure!!
It's too early .
lol but it's not real cuz u dnt hv a cock
in n out baby!!
Seeing War Horse at Lincoln Center with my dad and his wife.
Very well done.
Intense.
The puppeteering is incredible.
well....
come see me.
GET RICH FIRST!
Save the rainforests, emotionally disturbed and poor later.
trust me you'll do a better job!
:
Congrats to our boys Atomic Tom!
Spreading like a Virus now!!
hopefully you bring a win along with you!!!
You are so right Domestic terrorism looks like it's here to stay what a sad situation for us all.
What is the world coming to?
Our exchange students are preparing to head back to their home countries, Thailand and France.
Best of luck to them!!
: following u because u play Fantasy Baseball  Follow Back Please I'll follow if you think Chase Utley is a dick!!
Anyone know any good DJ's that are in the Greek community at ?
Wow a huge win for the grizzlies!!!!!
Ohmygoodness.
O.O
allrdy am happy just from lookin at his pics
RT : My weekend starts now.
Yay!
BEOTCH!
I've got at least another 4 hrs before I can consider mine possibly starting :
I would love to do this Seattle2Vegas rally.
want 2 do it with me 4 carcast/car show?
www.theamericaadventure.com
Hello John, thanks for the follow.
a forgotten great one!
They were just in concert this past weekend....I got wasted she got
was still at work at walked there.
If you didn't see young bleep shining last night I feel for you.
thanks bro!
can't believe you're using Twitter again!
HPU why haven't you called me back yet?
Can't you see I want you!
Looking to shape up and fit in that great bikini for the summer, come check us out at Flo Fusion Fitness
that's right CB
SO MUCH!
BDay  Free Burger.
We also have 1 Burgers from 9:00  Midnight and 2 GT and Svedka Mixers 9:00  Bar Time!!
Who's interested in a contest?!?!?
Details to come soon!
omg I want more lol !
Dude wats varsity fanclub ?
I miss 5 days of baseball  I just heard this on radio pregame: Gamel out for year, Gomez to DL  Gonzalez possibly out for year?!
Panicking
And then what am I left with?
Wet doctorams.
Don't say anything, as it came out of my mouth, I heard it.
He's got such an amazing voice.
I just want to close my eyes and let his voice wash over me:
Thanks for the FF mention, Hope you had a great Halloween weekend!!!
of course I do c:
Congratulations  Happy Mother's Day!
tomorrow is your big day333 I can't be there but I'll be watching online!:
Absolutely do NOT use tortoise SVN on mapped network doctorves!
The food channel has exciting tips for delicious and easy dishes.
TWEET YOUR RECIPES Rachel Ray
i would if i wasn't living on student loans!!
it's your house!.
Scare of you Texas lady.
But you are right on not for but what Mitt does and not say.
Victory is sweet but change is better .
Yea its official Tami needs help....
no one will stay in business if the majority isn't making a living wage.

just remember what they say about payback ....
:
thanks Ashley!!
Glad you dig it ;
Wish there was a practice life before the real one...or maybe there was and I just can't remember.
Do you know a tall and big man that is looking to add to his wardoctorbe?
We are having a HUGE sale starting April 6th!
Send them our way
me too!!
Go play the hunger games adventure game :D so much fun
People honestly have nothing better to do with their lives.
sold my cube thingy.
my room is so empty!
These nachos are not that good.
I LOVE
doesn't look too happy about it either!
Steak 'N Shake cook just yelled out Tina you fat lard come and get your dinner!
I officially live in crazy town.
Someone save me.
We have open times for oil changes today.
Give me a call at 4056411581 to book your time
Bahrain plans to issue sovereign bond by June
SAY SOMETHIN' IF U FEELIN THE VIBE SAY SOMETHIN' COME ON GIRL DONT BE SO SHY
awww lol red is mine too
Best wishes in your recovery
apple, cinnamon and fresh banana oatmeal for me!
I'm so tired..
Amongst all the ignorant fuckers in NC..atleast my NJ Devils won.
devils The only good news of the day.
CONGRATULATIONS!
He is growing up so fast and is just darling
Japan are level!
will be 115  without shoes it'll be like 90.
idc if you guys have matching shoes or not, so you can buy a cheap pair or borrow
Back from LA, what a great trip.
We made a lot of great friends and recorded some great new music.
We can't wait for you all to hear it.
3yr old boy safe after being left alone at a Wauwatosa McDonald's.
RT Perhaps this shows the need for safe xchnge centers in WI?
The Party Will Be Held At  3400 14th Street, NW Washington Dc 20010, RSVP Early, : 
Happy Thanks, and have a great weekend.
Have your people send a few links on your critiques of Murray's book, please.
I'm trying 2 understand.
Celtics showing their veteran experience vs.
the young
that's awesome guy!
We go in sunfay
can't wait either!!!
Cya gals soon!!
no worries.
he'll be by tomorrow!
;
Vegan beef cant be beat yum yum yum
Christian, meet Charles.
Welcome to the NFL
thanks brotha!
When do I see you as a genie again?
...we could not verify your ownership of using the info you provided.
Your account recovery request ..
has been closed.
That good?
I'll have to give it try.
i wonder if hard wood is pretti wen its on fire
Your school had DI, and you were smart enough to take advantage of it.
What you did with it is all you.
:
conflated with prostitution in both directions.
I'll let you know when I dig up the studies I'm thinking of though
Happiness is heading back to Chicago in less then 3 hours!
Wow the new Dallas Cowboy's stadium was off the hook, 8 more home games to go!!!
...except about how I have nothing to Tweet about...
:D
Attending the FSU reception at
thank you.
: yea some help u are MzDentalAssistant my azz!!
Lol I'm good nah...I'm high :D.....I'm just a student...LOL
All I can say is people thought he was the THE MAN once Billy Packer hung it up.
the bookstore has 33 in the main window.
In Just Our Underwear, So Our Skin Can Touch?
Headed to Madison to see Herbie Hancock!
Not being prepared for school today teamdontcare 
Lmfao...dude shut yo ass up man damn haha
And still the fleet of Titanics sail on through the gulf between what we intend and what we accomplish.
Samsung RD USA hiring AI Software Engineer in Irvine, CA
: We on for another round of March Madness discussions today?
cottage cheese RULZ!
College Lacrosse: Westminster Griffins take flight  Salt Lake Tribune
Should I be mad?
DCPS Beautification Day is on  poppin!
Got my rugged brojan shoes, painting gear and headed out the door.
It's gonna be all the way LIVE!
So Im thinking strawberry and passion fruit smelling massage oil, leather strappy thingy all in one, hooker boots and champagne meboo leggo
trust me i would if i could
In one of those moods were I just wanna say fuck everything 
Im Off This...
Goodnight ;
Copyright does not cover ideas.
..
they did it to Michael too
Read YOURSELF!
Great time working as a Gala Guest on ABC's Pilot Gilded Lilys last week!!
What the fuck
Yes it's mostly comedy, kinda horror.
By Broken Lizard...
so awesome!
Thank you much!
apples and pears!!!
It's better to love someone who's far and craves to be with you than to love someone who's near yet doesn't even care to see you.
wat!!!
kayla told me u might come after you graduate?!
i'm going to look for one this weekend
congrats to all the seniors welcome to the real world niggas unless you still live wit yo folks
reading Just Kids, by Patti Smith.
I want to be her when I grow up.
A sign that I'm getting better :
don't be selfish.
Share.
Another day of golf weather, take advantage of it while you can
omg i knoww.
Goodmorning : I hope you have a great day :D
no way!
I thought the day would never come lol :p
Hi Ralph, I would love to have you on as a guest on my show from Jerusalem, Israel
If you love someone, put their name in a circle, instead of a heart, because hearts can break, but circles go on forever.
of course.
Figured that was a given!
action item
What is your favorite TYPE of food and why?
I'm thinking about learning some new recipes.
Been loosing sleep working on the site for the past few days.
So far so good.
So Williams wins at Spain?
Amazing season of F1
i was like 39;eh she must not care anymore39; hoping shed quit
And he continues to bless, I LOVE YOU JESUS!
Tpot thinks I make the same faces in pictures: what???
thanks brah I appreciate that real talk
thanks for the follow!
Been looking at some of your stuff for the boyfriend's birthday, and I'm pretty much obsessed :
good to know I'm not alone.
.
I've been a Packers fan ever since.
M RT : Food  liquor..literally
TV programming has sunken so low that there's TWO shows now about catching catfish with your hands PLEASE PRODUCE MORE SHOWS
has quite the calling.
Just baked cheesecake with macha and sake lees.
let's see how it turns out.
Soo excited, can't wait till Tuesday.
I get my copy of Adam Lamberts new album :P
Nice job Datsyuk!
funny, I just started wearing one again too.
I still find myself peeking at my phone for the time though
We're having a great time at the in Rochester, NY!
Stop by for some tasty goodness and pick up a last minute gift for Mom!
We're sorry we called Leonard Cohen LeCo!
I could be the Walrus.
It still wouldn't change the fact that I'll eventually have to doctorve a Honda CRV.
If every season was like season 2, Heroes would still be on tv!
NotHatinBut when is NYC going to get their first SnOw of the season?!
I'm waiting...
Wearing out fresh with one of my favorite lines
I hate when I write something on twitter and when I have few more words to write 140 letters finishes.
Still waiting for google's gTax to make my Aprils a little less humbling.
New Co Owner.
Im Im excited.
:
It's all good, Chicago loves you anyway!
hey go Like us on facebook damnit!!!
what do you think of a web series as a business model?
So freakin tired
Work so long for scraps
bought the tickets we are all going tonight
thanks, Ali!
I appreciate the warmfuzzies!
Hope I'll see you at Yoshi's and/or at Cov Hse Gala on the yacht!
Back to the doctorwing board.
you coming to MLA?
:D Gid loves you too :P
Ugly ass;
I can always count on SH to have the right view.
fill the frame w/ subject, head in clean space, leading lines, photo in thirds, don't be afraid of off camera flash
Woah that was awesome big Thank you to all who joined us this afternoon!
Stoked
38th street and Indian school anybody want to go after!!' the Best Nosh board in town
Heads up Girl, if my  is right, I may try to scoot over to NYC next mo 4Najla's Graduation :
Doing well, haven't had much to tweet about I guess.
doctorw is def growing fast.
Anything new?
WHERE YOU AT?
I program in HTML/JS/CSS.
So either works perfectly for me!
Fool's Weekend and Mother's Day...
Does that make mothers fools?
Trying to get my dad and brother to help with mother's day plans is like nailing jello to a tree...
What kind of training do you prefer?
weights/cardio...etc?
ATTENTiON EVERYONE DON'T TRUST when he says go follow this person and I will dm u or when he said he will follow u he lied
Word.
Although we still have homeless and mentally ill people using our library.
They just don't pee on things.
Last day at !
Come to my goingacrosstown party at 4pm at Trudy's.
Tomorrow, I start my new job at !
My tennis racket broke.
:
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me before I embarrass you.
Our rewards will always be in exact proportion to our service.
E.
Nightingale
: A bad week doesn't happen at 4:55 on Friday.
Make every moment count!
you know you've known each other too long when you call and think your talking to your sibling.
.: a philanthropist: Anyone who gives anything  time, , experience, skills, networks  in any amount to create a better world.
any with single payer systems?
40dollars can educate a child in
Like atleast 10ppl said something about mii walk today...lol I can't help it if I'm BowLegged  Pigeon Toed n mii walk is a eye catcher :
I am going to see Millie at NRHS.
Break a leg
RT  Hoping that the Jacksonville Jaguars can pull off the big win this week!
im doing good jst aint been on here alot but gonna change that
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Hey, it looks like he signed something other than a crappy printed headshot, too!
Nice score!
.
thanks for the info!
Just had an amazing design session planning Learning in the Open: OER for Community and Technical Colleges Stay tuned!
if not then thats fine
proudly charging the highest ATM fees in the business since 1882
what class?!
Nice camera!
don't miss Michael Johnsen perform 6p tonight!
HEAR / NOW Festival
I would be lying to you if I said yes, I had a really bad experience, I told her my life, and turns around tells everyone!
In 6 days I'll be eye fucking the boys !
IS THIS REAL LIFE?!
No problem!:
We will be providing updates in the coming weeks.
Be sure to keep following us for news on this
Ok no more cancer books.
After A Monster Calls and The Fault in Our Stars, I've reached my limit.
Performance of flute and piano pieces on 5th Ave, in Park Slope Brooklyn, NY today June 21 7pm!
Outside around President St.
rain or shine!
thank you jenine 
Haha thanks!
Happy Friday to you, too!
A boy makes YOU jealous of other women, but gentleman makes other women jealous of YOU.
what u do on them cam shows and follow back
i just noticed when said my name in the shoutouts he smiled and giggled .
lololololz .
love ya tae .

Life Goes On  Get Some Heavy 
haha oh geez
Today is such a lazy day for me
thanks for the FF that's a great groups u included me with!
busy as ever.
Trying to put the pieces together for my first music video.
If you have a dog who barks a lot first of all you need to find out the cause of the barking in order to stop it
anyone thinks of you !
: P : P :P
May 15, 1896: The StPaul Saints, play their 1st home game at Aurora Park, beating the Grand Rapids Yellow Jackets 170.
Worse service and experience ever at Crum Lynne, PA location.
I will never recommend or use again!
My human form has grown weak.
I need nourishment.
you're so pretty...
:o can I have your face or?
well that is ridiculous!!!
He has a way of moving people to the point of not listening !
He should stick to safe cracking
I know the way a nigga livin was whack But you don't get a nigga back like that!
Shit I'm a man with pride, you don't do shit like that
hey what's up
Note: when importing you public rsa key to EC2 remove the 'BEGIN/END PUBLIC KEY' part of the file.
french montana came off bro!!
Nigga killed it lmao
hah!
That office always was too cold...
3WordsForYou god love's me!!
Popping open the wine and getting Dani prepped to record part 2 of our Desire memories tonight!
InMiddleSchool I remember I had some good friends
Yes...i'm like 15minutes late to this convo w yourself so....didja ask?
Who are we asking?
Apparently glen hansard was today!
Nice pix
Is your Twitter professorle a real quote by Maya Angelou?
If so, I'm so happy to be alive.
she said it in front of me.
It's ok though because she always stares at me too long.
I think she's gorgeous anyhow, I don't mind.
God does speak  sometimes one way and sometimes another  even though people may not understand it.
Job 33:14
dear we 3 you
We will be closed Monday, September 5 for Labor Day.
Come see us again Tuesday at 1PM.
Don't forget to tag us in any pics you post on Twitter/Facebook!
We want to see how you're spending
AlexandoctoraVA 2012 firsthalf real estate tax bills were mailed Monday, May 14.
The same people that tried to blackball me forgot about two things: my black balls
Sounds good!
et al  participants are still registering their session ideas on the blog, so we'll see what emerges!
Apparently these people didn't get the whiteout message
Media fan gallery tix for JW Marriott available for free at NFL Shop in Indiana Convention Center!
Tix for today, tomorrow, Wed
what kind of personality would you like to have on glee?
christine
your last day to pick em up was yesterday.
Office is closed.
So we came up with another Genius idea!
Tonight....
We're playing a world premiere!
The Not Like This Alphabeset!!
when that third person shows up to a cowrite, and that person's invisible...
goosebumps start sproutin'
Manning is a stud.
Small rainbow over Hollywood right now!
I need to learn to differentiate wedges and levers
lets do it.
hit me up 818 661 8712
yo college basketball fans: Northwestern or Minnesota 2nite?
just to get a chewing out about not answering my phone which I shut off at work and while doctorving Had a coworker invite herself to my car...

thanks for following!
Running with OMG I think my weave is going to fall out lmao
L  G,We are being held momentarily by the train's dispatcher, wearer of fingerless gloves.
Let's just hope he doesnt try to get fresh again
Did you guys know I qualify to be a plus sized model according to a group of AngloSaxons?
I don't want government messing with my personal life...just make sure THEY can't get married.
America.
Fuck.
Yeah.
Please Follow a huge fan since the age of 8 you followed and spoke to me awhile back of real .
years later a doctor will tell me I have a IQ of 48 which some people consider mentally retarded
that wallpaper just needs to be retweeted by you and then go download the wallpaper from your retweet...
It works
haha nice!
Same, just starting classes.
You doing a graduate right after?
How's your final thing coming along?
that's ok I actually have over 20 things signed by Cody.
I was going to give this to another angel that has never met Cody.
I'm so glad to hear it!
You deserve it.
My travel schedule just changed up so I may be able to come!
Sooner your out my head for good, the better
you're welcome, I can't wait for you to come home next weekend.
Is devin really coming?
let's go!!!
U got this shit down bro
I'm only gonna break your heart
Um, are people halfway around the world supposed to be getting badges?
Wondering if something's wrong.
That's no good.
Sorry to hear :
I'm glad that my mom feels the need to wake me up every single morning
iced honey buns are so good!!!!
I could do without all these performances...
Don't let 'life' get in the way of exercise.
MindFirstFitness.
Nothing like little to make the workday go faster!!!
thanks a bunch!!
Come out to a show soon!
yay!
my hard work paid off!
LOL...I haven't gotten that far yet.
Still trying to get out of FLORIDA :D But I really DO have friends, in Anchorage.
Another in a series on positive aspects of civility from JFK: Civility is not a sign of weakness.
Ugh.
I just want all these things I can't have.
Any of your customers ever used Rypple to get feedback on gated assets such as white papers that were downloaded from their site?
good cuz ill show you my group called Peaches Swear ..........all day baby Peace
And I thought my night was great 
I think the foreign policy thing would be a hurdle.
If you want to know your past  look into your present conditions.
If you want to know your future  look into your present actions.
Also, you can't just call anything a craftsman.
Your town home is probably not a craftsman.
I have made the horrible mistake of stopping at a place that sells items.
It's been good knowing you all.
I saw you guys talking in Soc.
Studies.
I believe that he said move out of the desk
i LOVE YOUR VOICE OUTSTANDING YOU DESRVE TO WIN LADY
Be sure to LIKE our Facebook page so you can keep informed as we fight nueromuscular disease  www.facebook.com/phoenixmda
Whose coming to our January meeting discussing 'Smart Things' by Kuniavsky?
how u doing Ronsha's Wifey
First off we met student Craig who gives a big shout out to his homie Quinn from Valdez!
Where do one legged girls work?..
Ihop hahaha 
You're off to Great Places!
Today is your day!
Your mountain is waiting, So...
get on your way!
I LOVE her songs : GiveYourHeartABreak is the best!
:
butterfly's are beautiful and that starts with 'b'
Let not your hearts be troubled by what must come to pass.
Trust in God  the love he promises after he separates the wheat from the chaffe.
that's for damn sure...
Can I just do hella bad shit for one night and get away with it?
holy shit that cheerleader pic is awesome
that sounds way better!
How much is it and where ya get it from?
Watch a stronger american live from detroit makingthegrade now on msnbc
Great post!
Thanks :
you never heard of a pothead killing someone while doctorving...
ijs
:oziemoo15 been pretty good i guess....thanks
I can't wait  have never been.
All of the west is new to me.
Sometimes youve just got to wake up in the morning, take a deep breath and say, I cant wait to get walked all over today.
Sometimes i just wish i was in 1st or 2nd grade again not caring about anything , doing whatever having fun
Yoo what was the website you showed today of the car
LOL..
Closest I've come 2 that is using a unisex bathroom at a gas station, and well..
someone was waiting for the key.
me too.
I'm right behind you.
its okay x3
Life would be better if I could find the  button.
don't forget to thank your elected state rep for this.
if you think Yahoo is one of those chocolate things in a bottle you love to doctornk.
You might be a digital redneck!
Lmao remember when that guy B w/ the big ass forehead who always came to the bball games in the summer, had a thing for you?
Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
Dale Carnegie
Stay Positive!!
agree the principle is at the crux of issue.
I encourage those detractors to live in Toledo, OH a few years.
The new STITCHEQ for 2012 is almost complete!
New MP concept in Black and OffWhite, super FAB!
YUMMY!
: Yes, we have Villa Pizza, it is located in our food court.
specific hallucinations  selfportraits generated by the brain.
f.ex.
autoscopic hallucination
Why is sugar Shane old ass still out here fighting?
This is going to be brutal.
just seeing this but I really can't wait lol
I can always count on you for a pick me up, Thanks.
Kidding aside is there a historical precedent for this kind of doctorp off?
MindFirstFitness is 'pragmatic'...
Partying with the Locs tonight lmao
actually 54th and Broadway.
And BTW are you still up for the Sunday night Harvey ticket?
great time tonight.
I should have asked more football questions when I interviewed you!
heyy, could you follow me back?
:
I'm really good doing this.
Every person is getting in love with my beautiful apartment!
I think I'm ready to be a real estate agent...
Nah!
Glad to be attending this conference; but sad I'll miss 's visit back at UConn.
Too much to hope she'll tweet her own talk?
man your nerd ness just continues to amaze me!
Miss you guys!
I see that!
You're making some really good progress!
no I didn't get it
Oh ello you
A friend is a second self.
Aristotle
PJ, you are making common mistake: looking at China as if it exists outside the cruel/exploitative rest of world.
love this!
Free promotion site on my professorle.
get way more followers fast.
Hey lets' follow for follow?
whatdyasay?
Goldie Hawn on BBC woman's hour  positive thinking incarnate, lovely interview.
Couldn't agree with you more on that one.
Two of my favorite musicians as well.
Good experience at with Emily Kempf today.
I love having a stylist with thick hair cut my hair.
In Vegas now for a few days.
Nice weather here.
Who's gonna come have some fun?
The leadership librarians provide determines the future our students achieve!
Don Leu
New site is live!
Visit for psychology news  info!
www.psychologynj.org
If you'll be my honey suckle, I'll be your honey bee ;
Great talk last night.
Thanks for sharing your experience with us.
Quote to live by: Funny how the harder I work, the luckier I get  Dave Thomas, Founder of Wendy's.
Dallas BBQ with Jeffy and Bethie
Love it!
A winning combination!
Great run last night!
Run good in!
I don't know that Pennington makes that throw to Douglas, though.
Good morning
Nothing makes rainy Mondays better than when your coworker brings in homemade cookies!
Boy these breasts are huge...
a pretty do to match that pretty voice !!
I'm more attracted to a female who is less revealin  more productive about herself.
That just shows me, she have respect for her well being
Bike riding with my hooker
Hollywood at the Oscars, a perfect time for a fashion moment!
Cannot wait!!
Went to doctorp off Nats tickets.
Heading back on metro and it gets held up because someone got hit at
Hey thanks for following!!!!!
Go Jamaica
Coffeeschool.
thank you!
Hope yours did too
u and me both
Lot of new releases coming to you from Defunk Music stay tuned!
Coffee, mowing, baseball, baseball, lunch, track, dinner, music?
Praying that the new marlins stadium becomes the permanent venue for
Good, I've been waiting to kick you fucks in the nuts for years, my ship has come in Biggs
He was right ?!
Shiiiiet , Atleast i made contact
Watching Giulianna and Bill on Today.
If you have cancer, and you're pregnant, can your baby catch cancer?
yo no, not a big fan of Red Robin...
Fuddoctorckers?
It's on!
I can't guarantee it, but you should be alright!
Always good to have a backup plan just in case, though.
:
From where?
mla12 s422 would have liked some discussion of the results if Clayton's class, but some exciting possibilities.
lots of people, not some!!!
I want some skittles
Late night wendys for dinner with katilyn
i did b 4 i asked 
Bostonarea UConn alums: Hope you're Saving the Date for our game on 2/7.
2 other dates to save: 2/16, 2/28.
Announcements soon!
shout out to
Love watching eurotrip with my grandparents :
sorry I don't remember you ever asking me....?
Haha
At the center of nonviolence stands the principle of love.
Martin Luther King, Jr
I can't believe I'm damn near half way done with high school 
good hours
Wow.
As crazy as it seems I'm not ready for school to be out yet.
I've been there for 9 years and there's only 8 days left /3
Damn I ain't even gotta go.anywhere for spring break.
Im already in California
Lol no I'm not it's just these hoes weak!
I wish they would subtweet!
Lol that rhymes
I want tea ...and brownies.
Both need to wait, assuming I still want to MAKE brownies at 11pm.
RIP JRIB.
Always will support any and all Romey projects.
Been a fan of any and all formats since '92.
Rack 'em, OUT!
What are your goals for 2012  They better be at least 5x bigger than last year.
Think big  life is a canvas.
ALC12 had better be worth the 66k frequent flier miles I just shelled out for the NOLA ticket.
:
Don't waste your whole life on a halftry, it's all or nothing!
A little Mute Math for ya this morning.
According to the hello kitty website, it's friendship appreciation week, love you
Fuck homework.
Not doing it.
Again.
peanut bombs?
Thank you so much Kerim :
holla at me..
I've got something for you to take a look at....
so i see
Sorry folks.
I can't help that my TEWS barometer has been going nuts about the brewers since January.
Playing angry birds on my dude ps3 it feel like its 1 am
Good Morning!
Do you have a favorite quote about Moms?
We're talking about it at www.knowledgesafari.com  click blog!
lol still have the same number??
.
Sounds like a great start to the weekend.
Have fun!
:
I got nachos but i cant eat them in 15 mins  These breaks suck.
this is so cool and strange and strange and cool.
Had a strange doctoram but I can't really remember it
HELLO new followers!!
If your mother is more a chocolate lover, we will also have our Chocolate Gift Boxes available this weekend.
I love you!
3
I used to write for Siempre Mujer mag, also under Meredith umbrella.
All well?
if your mixing in the box, I'd get a Fairchild plugin from waves or universal audio.
Or check out the CLA stuff from waves
It's hard to fight when the fight ain't fair.
Y'all can talk shit about me, you miles and fuckin miles away anyway.
How's it bruh?
menage Mondays two girls are better than one
Right?
I can't wait for school to be over once and for all.
Ugh.
I finally got twitter on my phone btw
We have new hours to sell bak your books!
98 u until may 16!
Thanks, I unsubscribed.
You guys definitely had the best design of all the folks who have filled her in box.
FWIW
I never get my redbox back on time 
About to be on the Wendy Williams Show.
How u doin?
The Six W's: Work will win when wishing won't.
Todd Blackledge
Thanks for not leaving any for us...
Is there some sort of underground group of mall walkers that you have to join or do you just show up at the mall?
Predictions for the near future: doughnuts, Italian sandwiches, Motown, posters and maybe even some wood type
yo waiting for my bros and to come finish the tape and success we make it
paper on age  citizenship  modernity with Benedict  Mead  Stoler  Chatterjee is fun, but also 7 hours late  halffinished ...
:
Juicing rocks.
Grape  Lime  Heaven.
so why haven't i actually put a picture of myself on here?
maybe i should get around to doing that..
Which writer?
Arapahoe had 2 straight overtime thrillers versus Regis and Highlands Ranch before defeating Overland in a classic Centennial League battle
It's just 4.95 for the growler and then 10 to fill it with our original cold brew.
14 if you want double strength.
oh, and kings of leon will be there too, but who cares?
A professorssor being late to his own class final?
Only at Clatsop...
It's a shame when you have to block a dude from texting and calling you...smh
Hope work went well :
Let me then tow to pieces, while still chasing thee, though tied to thee, thou damned whale!
THUS, I give up the spear!
We look forward to seeing you at 805 Peachtree at 10am for the free ANHC Pro tax advice seminar.
Ughh I hate when ppl doctorve slow for no reason!
Or suddenly stop, grr just don't doctorve at all.
Home is where you're surrounded by other creatures that care about you.
Sandy
One of those times when I think I could answer a research qstn if I had enough time.
Hard to justify for little more than curiosity.
wait up
Had a ball meeting yesterday at SSE12.
She and her husband are the kindest, warmest people you'll ever meet.
I know i should call but i won't
Last chance to order locally made tea and relaxation products in time for Christmas!
Orders received today will arrive before 12/24...
the thought of having a teenage daughter paralyzes me with fear.
Up workin on this SEL Anthem video from Beats By Tha Key Ft.
Unk D  Murda Mil.
Its getting more complex by the min but its gonna be hot.
RT : Happy Hour today Open until 7 pm.....2 Rail Mixers and 1 off all taps!
ok bet
Fuck me o.o hell fuck you
Laying down , watching a movie
Last week, had a little bit of a rough week, pero esta semana vamos con to los hierros a celebrar y a comer mucho ; Blessings!
.......aah training wheels!
Did you know the retina in your eye contains two types of cells?
They are called Rods and Cones.
u look so different!!
3333
good morning have an awesome weekend :
: Decisions are the hardest move to make, especially when it's a choice between where you should be and where you want to be.
I'm so excited...
holy crapolio!
I get to make my hands dirty, right?
Haha, isn't that the truth...
just got the grand tour!!
Very impressive!!
the fuckkkk , I hate her.
not sure, I think they R the MVPs...
Don't say that, you will someday.
And you deserve to meet him cuz you show him so much support.
The past has no power over the present moment
Lot of studio tours today!
Its crazy with the holiday season.
Give us a call if you want to check out the studio!
4123674888
:o thats mean.
ICDS alums!
Do you have great photos from your time in CR?
Submit them to .cr or upload them to www.facebook.com/ICDS.CR
Y'all just faced the LeBron of AFC Championship games which is why y'all got the chance to repeat 07's failure!
LoL
thanks the heads up!
Don't give your employees power they aren't prepared to handle...nor authority they have not earned.
aww thats so good!
record a video of you singing and put it up :
Justin tweeted Goodnight a few minutes ago and Goodnight Justin is already trending, ladies and gentlemen, the power of Justin Bieber.
Not true, it rewrites an existing EO, replacing FEMA refs with DHS.
Not an Obama fan, but we need to speak the truth.
its always on : : Watching the movie Selena I love and
Tonight!
Bill Morrison retrospective continues with The Great Flood.
Recorded score by 7:30PM, FREE
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 80
Pouring over tomorrow's NFL plays  whose got winners?
I love flexing my butt its so sore, it feel so good !
LOL
for Sunday poker tournament
we both had terrible teams all year and now we each score 100 in our TB matchup
Omg will.I.am is here
oh really?
idk brah, i dont think i can take your word for it...i wanna see if it's true ;
Spend life with who makes you happy not who you have to impress.
Rittenhouse park for a run then shower and flyers at 3
doing myh health project on Cocaine fuckeah :D
woke up freezing!!
damn I hate the cold.
gotta find another blanket
let me steal you I have to go cash my check and buy some clothes then lets go swim!
God breakfast :D
Law of Success 5: Imagination.
1st step to achieve definite chief aim.
Napoleon Hill.
Next law in 8 hours.
Looking forward for the Oscar.
Wish I had watched all the nominated films.....
Joseph P.
Kennedy I has announced he will run for Congress this year, at last raising the prospect of a Kennedy on Capitol Hill
Counting down the days 'til Chicago.
Is it bad that all I can think about right now is guac from ?
Guac at 9 AM?
Yes please!
I be like ehmmmm this tastey af , and im not sharing lol !
Hey Tony!
You already follow me but I voted for him anyways
benn a Min SInce i was on Here..
hm!!!!
do it we would match
She's going to let somebody hit, just don't be mad if its not you
The Bruno Mars musical at La Mama???
WordsOfWisdom RT : Because you don't bring sand to ye beach
apparently the new sensors at Inchon will be able to detect high quality tourists.
You didn't get the memo?
please follow back??
:
Randy Jones could go out there tonight and get 10 Ks vs the Pads
And of course the new song Dave debuted on Kimmel, Murky.
Is it just me or is this day going slower than slow?
I'll take your word for it
Training tonight to be a mentor with www.imentor.org
nope.
Not at all.
So wonderful!
Yoga  A power workout  a power bar...and both good for you!
ICantStandPeople who try to act out of their position
Omg that is awesome!
How you can shop for a living?
I'll have to think about that.
What are you doing now?
I know u wont see this but HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!!
!!NeverSAYNever3D!!
To be or not to be.
That is the question.
1000 followers!!!
Whoop!!
how innocent i am makes me laugh.
When u work hard u receive good results
When people are vulnerable and not trying to be put ohso to together....it makes my heart ever so glad.
i just love one direction.
like..
i spend 1/2 my day thinking about them...
Heey can you get yoru followers to trend this ?
it woudl mean everything LiamPayneFollowmaaaaaaaary1D x
liber2011 90 of records in COPAC are from RLUK libraries.
schoolmemories I once gave a boy a hand job in the library of my high school!
HA!!!
those were the days!!
I'm glad that you like it mate.
You need to follow it's still in it's infancy.
follow back?
:
dang u beautiful
Thanks, Robin!
This show is a fun group of people.
Tonight is the last night to PICK YOUR OWN PRICE: 10 or 15 to TIME STANDS STILL.
Buy at the door.
Show at 7:30pm.
Dont miss this deal!
RT: You may have situations that look impossible.
Don't give up.
Keep believing for unprecedented favor.
On Wikipedia, definition of 'notable' as metric for curation.
Not 'significance'
Now I am back to hating Clint Barmes.
but are there still people doing the bloggers vs.
journalists crap?
already saw it
After 7 or 8 shows since 1999 first time I really got down and danced to the Sploosh encore
youknowyoufromatl if u say east pernt instead of east point
outside of Frankfurt...but because he's stationed there and his fiance is German.
Health Tips: suddenly decrease daily calories by about 400 and your body will read famine and slow down your metabolism!
Stress during pregnancy affect's baby's iron  CBS42
Thanks for the notice.
It's all fixed now
Thanks!
Now on to cupcakes you know some chocolate ones to appease those that prefer chocolate to vanilla :
Danny Rand is the last.
I have deep faith that the principle of the universe will be beautiful and simple.
Thanks for setting this up.
We would like to use this for official status updates on our network.
Are you free to chat?
who needs sleep?
I will sleep friday night on the flight back :
Danish company develops innovative hearing aids that streams ...
Sunday  football.
Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction
RT : Dang do i need to call Just Beiber to find out how to become a treding topic!?!!?
TeamFitzgerald !!!
Just been to visit my old house, it's so tiny, seemed huge when I was a kid...
Tweet 300  way to go PJ!!!
i wanna be extra nice with you!!
;
I had a doctoram that they made an emoji after me
RIP Macho Man.
I hope there are Slim Jims in heaven.
Watching The Notebook, wishing my love life could be that cute.
Potential new motto: Working harder, not smarder
that's cool.
They're pretty chill.
Don't they bike and stuff
Borrowing EW's view discussing Roman Empire's fall, Your guess is as good as mine.
Not a fan of tweets that say, DM us...
Don't they realize they have to be following back to receive DMs?
Yes.....sorta moldy like poor Jeff's season...
South Boston beaches look great.
Thousands walking, biking  taking T to beach to cool off each week.
Great work by City of Boston  DCR.
RT :Most dangerous are not the blatant  obvious liars, but those who use facts  truth to harm  deceive.
International relations
Got new headshots sent them to you through facebook when you get a chance tell me what you think.
:
Ok goodbye twitter for right now anyway
YES WE ARE AND EDGAR IS COMING ALONG :3
We master our health and wellbeing from the inside out and not from the outside in.
It is a matter of dedication to self, not discipline.
I know..
that's why I turned my autocorrect off.
duh nigga lol my blonde hair was all fake
Thanks for the follow!
Congrats to my son dj, he passed all of his graduation exams.......can u say Class of 2013.....POW
Buy C and JPM.
The greatest banks on earth.
Buy GE
stop carrying magnums knowing damn well when u put it on u gotta roll it up like a sleeve
If I was famous I don't think that I would retweet anyone that asks for one
I'm like, a painting that's watercolor  I sit pale on a canvas.
Open  ready to serve you!
Dbl Punch doctornk is our delicious Peppermint Mocha.
Shop, Sip, and SAVE  25 OFF Almost Everything in Bookstore!
Get me on the court and I'm trouble.
Last week fked around and got a tripledouble.
Calling it a night.
Thanks for all the tweets and have a good night.
let me know if you need any help ;
is the ish...congratulations London!!!!
till what?
Photoshop is so much fun.
I'm having a blast making our HELL IS HERE swag montage.
hehehe.
So far I've got a hat and a clock.
Best New Artist  Khalila Rose
iF u GoT sUmThIn tO sAy To Me SaY iT StRaiGhT CaUsE bEiN aLL sHaDy iS OnE tHiNg i HaTe
Absolutely!
Come hang at my campsite : I'm so excited it hurts a little..
the heat got espn on overblast tonight against the
yr welcome.
glad 2 break ground in the character dept.
thanks 4 not assuming i was making an okie joke
Borders has officially filed for for bankruptcy.
Use your gift cards and buy a great book while you can!
Old school wisdom!
RT : double can holes is mom science 101
Laziness and procrastination may appear attractive, but getting things done gives satisfaction.
me too Miss u!
Hey SmallFryArmy!
How was everyone's day!
Tweet me!
xoxo
No way lol.
Lakers ain't got the juice RT : other way around.
Lakers in 6.
putting in work though
: When I See Sara Today Ima Be Like...Ohh So You Unfollowed Me Bitch?
Lmao  :O
we need to shop!
I know we have no money, but i have gift cards everywhere!
:D
100 RT : A6.
Keeping an open mind, my positive attitude, and having great references from professor and internships
When I Was A Kid I Use To Smile When I Was Happy , But Now I Smile When I'm Pretending To Be Happy.
It's 4:40 a.m.
and I am wide awake...
This is ridiculous!
The Reno fire is a reminder for all of us to check our insurance coverage.
I want my presents for graduation :
FF Welcome new followers
Hey !
Can't wait to be a part of mke festival that recognizes energy efficiency!
I'll be there and you can be me!
Find out how!
......
I been working 15 hours every day
Up Bored
I seriously can't wait for June 5th.
Paradise will be perfect!
for the new house?
what do you need?
I was just calling to report gunshots but they don't know that!!
What if someone had been breaking into my house?!
Grr...
double double animal style is a winwin no matter what.
M, love the onions!
That awkward moment when people text you first and then don't keep the convo going.
The metal has finally stopped floating up from downstairs.
I think he's given up for the day.
Jessica Brayton named outstanding student at Healthpoint CHC at
Team is attending SWSEA to try and win the STARTUPBATTLE !
Who's in?
cc/
So glad I'm off today.I may actually do something productive.then again, maybe I'll just veg on the couch with my dog, Barley.
Hey people who live in central phoenix where do you fill up your water jugs?

see you there!
did u for real quit hockey?
StayAwayFromMeIf you complain...cause I do it all the time..I get sick of myself most of the time!
Me too.
Love blog.
hey hw r u?
Naked bike was so obviously real.
Are you sad you're leaving town now?
GAB confirms enough signatures to recall governor and lt.
governor.
Walker to face recall.
Clifford Joseph Harris, Jr where the FUCK does he get or TI from?!?!
Sipping an East India cocktail to celebrate kitchen nook reorg, still chock full of glassware  cookbooks!
life is not about being careful
wut happened today wit ya boys
Family is standing by to watch with on
OH!!!
I see!
I will retweet it for you!
3
That biodieselsippin VW Jetta inside the Education Bldg for ?
Yep, I doctorve that puppy today.
Vroom.
All of our Route 66 lovers out there!
If you have events or news about Route 66 simply  mention us and we'll retweet!
We want to share!
The Balt Sun INCORRECTLY lists My Big Idea Stoop Stories for this Mon, 3/26.
Not so!
Still on for April 9  Center Stage.
C U on the 9th!
im offically done with theis helfa im gone treat her ahh 2maw...irritated...bout to unfollow and unblock
Rowling, and is said by the character of Albus DumbledoreIt is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more
lmao go to sleep
she got mad about the note and won't talk to me or answer my calls/texts
ayy bitch make me a sandwich!:
ha as long as we dont get fucked this time thn sounds good And thes kids like heavy?
wow, that sounds really brilliant.
Mama said there'll be days like this there'll be days like this my mama said
Just watched you on you were flawless and filled with Fabulosity !
Work it, Divalina!
You need to work on your following skills...just sayin'.
:
Tell everyone to move on if im not there tomorrow.
Im sure I will be but...
You're one cool tweeting dog !
Oh snap, I'm up before 11am?
Look out world!
unblock me fool
I hope DannyB did not lose his job.
glory, glory man united!!!
Alright, goin' to bed right now ..
3:48am here in Germany ..
cya later guys :DD
Really guys?
EVERY game that the Cardinals  Brewers play this year is a rematch of the NLCS?
REALLY???
I'm not, just hurt feelings
1 promotion...
but you have to spend 20 to get it!
I think im done packing
In all fairness I battled depression for many years.
Get picked as fan of the week, and I will give you free shipping if you order directly through me!
Post, like, and comment to get picked!!!
think alike.
and this won't be there last either!!!
After they get one, I think they'll run 34 straight
Algebra is pointless:/
FF sales training experts helping others master new skills
Can u pls 4low me o gimme ur Em so I can give mo info on our Compton based Hood Movie 2STAR
Too much for me this week..
Definitely.
And if available for download instantly onto my smartphone, even better.
saw 5 year engagement really loved it and you!
You're cookie monster, elmo fight scene with Emily blunt was genius.
Why is that what you focused on KB?!?!
RT : Suzie grew up in a Trailer Park?
I'm watching Asleep at the Wheel at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012 miles and miles of texas.
I preordered p90x2 ult bluray on 9/1, and CR just told me due to overwhelming demand I might not get it until the new year :
PetPeeve A messy house.
it was Saturday in long beach!
Ugh.
So sad we lost.
least we got a point.
GO SHARKS!
again, welcome back/congrats Tommy!
ORDER THE ALL NATURAL COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR GROW PRODUCT LINE ,FAST ACTING AND MOST EFFECTIVE ON THINNING, DAMAGED HAIR
A bit of a change from their SNL appearance no back up singers tonight.
Opened with two older tunes
Photo sayings  I shoot people Photo sayings  I see dead pixels Photo sayings  Photographers do it with the lens cap off
Kevin Kolb has no excuse to suck now.
Cardinals doctorft Michael Floyd
I also follow you on instagram too...
I'm an internet junkie!
Lol its going 2B the most expensive best dining experience ever.
Next time it posts I will let u know.
U only have seconds
Nice ovation for Buck in honor of his 1000th win last week
Google is shutting down Picnik.
Bummer!
Any suggestions on other good photo editing tools?
Don't MN Republicans want to live free or die...too?
No breaks, no luck...
Outmatched
WE THE KINGS
RT : Which comes first: the short frosted hairdo or the no sexuality?
I'm fashionably late.
Like a boss.
Ppl wonder why I look at them krazy
I'm here.
When's the next game?
Broadcasting Live Tonight
what happens at AppleBee's stay
Great to get the win Brewers, just hope Weeks is ok once they fully check him out.
happens to me alot too
Ron Paul is the man but disagrees with Obama a variety of issues like healthcare, indefinite detention, economic intervention
And...THANK YOU to Mary Ann Robinson for putting together such a successful event!
no, I am in Ballard...which saddens me.
im tired im bored im sad!
: i havent seen my bf in 1 day i am very sad i miss him!
Dang, she hasn't arrived yet?
You have no way of phoning her?
I like the be confident or fake it part.
:  very nice blog!
tshirts are everywhere on campus today.
Are you representing Marquette?
We have officially moved to our new home at The Glasbox.
Happy happy joy joy
sounds like a problem
Beta Iota Brothers, head over to our Thanksgiving potluck dinner!
All of your committee's food better be delicious!
Here in Phoenix, we have real oldfashioned ice cream trucks that cruise the neighborhoods.
It's pretty amazing.
One came by today, even!
or not be protected like they're quarterbacks in the NFL...
your video is coming out soon right?; YEE 
Didn't nobody ask yo ass to work at a fast food restaurant but YOU!
thank you sir
At Work: Crazy Day Obama presser at 12:45 or so...the Or so makes us wonder if he'll wrap in time to start TOTN at 2.
Yay for Live Radio.
Goodnight twitter!
Computer engineering graduate student awarded Weinberg Fellowship  Texas AM University
Great first day of filming with Looking forward to round 2  then also performing in Trafalgar Square at 3.30!
Incredible.
4th time in two years ID thieves got me.
All of five dollars.
Sad state of affairs when this is Americas 1 industry.
Beautiful soft snow falling in Chicagoland!
It peaceful, not cold, and people are out walking.
Lovely!
I got some sneakers to sell.
I think I might get to post them!
EWCA CIv rules in Mentmore Int'l Ltd.
v.
Abbey Healthcare Ltd.
case concerning issues arising out of a SPA: EWCA Civ 761.
Got Stuff On Da Brain.
In Deep Thinkin.
There's no question it's not good being poor  thanks Mitt!
Don't bunt.
Aim out of the ballpark.David Ogilvy
Look I LOVE contests!
Hey !
I wanna win a spot at chef Kevin Hickey's popup dinner 4 me  a guest
No.
I haven't seen that one.
Chris has to work this weekend so I would love to borrow it if you have it.
sickest lobby I've even seen...
And your defiantly not just anybody 3
awaken my heart for its fallen asleep.
The good  the smiles, hugs, laughs, dinners, vacations, rides home, high fives, mix cds, borrowed dvds even...every good  perfect gift.
Happy Mothers Day Honey!
Keep thinking to myself..
when is summer going to begin?!
Can't wait for this class to be OVER!!
ha just saw this
The only subject that should be trending is Tupac's Halogram performance last night!
This was dope!
doctor killed it w/this 1
And organizing a hackathon of our own for cultural data later this year w/ civic tech community in Chi.
ok, let me circle up my gorgeous spouse.
We will get back to u
And...Done.
Have a great Monday folks!
come visit us in SoHo, we would love to meet more of the cocomat family here in NYC!
Good Morning...lets kp it tht way!!
i'll tell her that ahaha bet she'll love it
Who would you rather bone, Meg Ryan or Jack Nicholson?
Jack Nicholson now, or 1974?
Lol billymadison to funny
try one then and see what happen.
Lol.
Wow...where did the day go??
It flew by...barely caught up on things.
Ever have those days?
you work today??
I feel like I would really benefit from going to sxsw
maybe we should have stayed and just switched dorms lol.
for concert!
Really looking forward to it.
Big thank you to for the tix.
omg mine too lol
yes, you need more distractions; we all do.
eeeewwwww history :P I did half my math hw cuz I didn't get it
Hate when I forget my headphones especially on a day when I need to tune out the world.
SoundCloud Gets A Major Makeover, But Only Private Beta Users Can See It Most people probably don't stick around social music s
All we can do is Take our Time  Grow everyday, every hr, every min., every second...
BlacFritzFrontLin3
thankyaaa : lol I have to touch his muscles..
not to a past that stretched back to the early 1700s.
that was a different America from that of the idealized Antebellum era
New day.
Let's see what it brings.
:
Busy day today  roof inspection, storm window installation, and insulation consultation, whew!
yeah, I thought of you when I saw that.
He didn't go to SYD or BNE did he?
Health Tips: Quercetin and Bromelain are the number one Naturopathic prescribed combo for sinus issues in allergy season
make a bunch of shirts with your hashtags i.e.
help pain fuqAPshat etc.
Fun show with Dory doctorve last night!
Those guys are awesome!
Back to Johnson City!
Only 7 hours to go!
great!
Via
Respect goes along way..
Remember that?!
When you make an appointment w/another person you assume responsibility of punctuality, and you haven't the right to be a single minute late
He said it!
A friend is nothing but a known enemy.
Kurt Cobain
Check out this incredible band for MusicMonday and listen to Life After Liftoff's Someday www.youtube.com/watch?vZmEjJF7DxU
On the bus...
Bus
I BET I MADE HER FEEL EMBARRASSED
u should really grade at least one paper now.
Then try a new snack.
RT I must do something' always solves more problems than 'something must be done.
RT : That guy definitely had a full life RIP RT : R.I.P.
Dick Clark
I can't even fix a grilled cheese without catching something on fire.
What is wrong with me?!
Who wouldn't let you scream ohh into a soft pillow?!
I'm such an animal.
And baby honestly these teeth won't let you goo.
Bitches mad cause I got sex tatted' on my arm
Nothing to do.Off to bed:
thanks girl!
;
If you need answers ask questions
Congratulations to Becky Nix of Waco, TX for being our Lucky Weekly 50 Dibbs card winner!
Message us your email for the details!

I have tried 99 times and have failed, but on the 100th time came Success is more attitude success.
than aptitude.
Susan Hildoctorth, IMLS dpla  what technologies from the last 20 years can we use, and what still needs to be done?
Note to MYSELF: BACK THE FLASH doctorVE UP TO THE EXTERNAL HARD doctorVE!
NOW!
it's not hard to take back our govt Kathay Feng
I feel like Cinderella..cleaning..
i'm so proud of you, 24 followers!
Had to make a ton of extra lentils to mix with way salty batch from crockpot recipe.
All better but will be eating for AGES!
FF For relevant/real insights to the Latino Market, follow anyone w/ LATISM  accept no substitutes!
How did you get your IGNITEDMC video up so fast?
Are any others up?
Yes!
We'll be waiting!
Sorry.
Watching Mildoctord Pierce.
Lots of chapeaus here that look like gash.
I'm not altogether opposed.
thank you, have a great monday!
ManU Report: Rio expects tougher United resolve
Yes I have!
It was part of my protocol.
You might have gotten the better end is that deal, Don.
it's the future and it's happening so get excited.
I want gas station cheddar wurst in my pizza crust!
Amazing danlor wedding.
Ha!
Nope.
This is my weakness.
Seeing Kentucky have this kind of fire in their eyes THIS early is scary.
The point.where your about to fall asleep and someone asks to sit next to you...smh
I found local strawberries up here in Silver Spring at Spicknall's Market.
We finished the pint before we got home :
where you are you can try Rose, Pansy, or Daisy for available seats.
RT :  I be a guest DJ at Bristol Bar late Monday night, so come out and have some doctornks with me fools!!!!!!
Appreciate the listing of AlexanderInt /recentinteractions!
She looks too young to be having a baby...
About to eat
You're very welcome, thank you for the follow back!
:
There are several benefits of online colleges.
Roll out of bed in the morning and sit in front of your computer.
There you go!
PurpleMonday start w/ a gyro breakfast sandwich and latte!
Who knows what death is?
Maybe life is nothing more than a beam of light passing slowly over our changing faces.
they made it!
Gonna try the burger w/ peanut butter.
Here's to the Mahomies that support Austin through: doctorma, rumours, girls, time zones, distance, hate, arguments.
Everything.
I bought my lovely iMac on eBay 4 years ago and it still runs like a champ after lots of coughpiretadedcough stuff.
No viruses eva
The Internet Marketing Kitcontainsthe following valuable information:
The journey is essential to the doctoram.
Francis of Assisi
We wonder what the wonderful people of NoLA will have to offer as 1vsOne material.
Stay tuned.
RT : RT : Join us today at the Destination Innovation event, where our own Kat Mahon will be...
welcome to the A why are you in town?
CAN WE SEE THE SO LISTEN VIDEO OR
This acceptance speech by the girl from X Japan at the goldengods is painful.
thanks!
Hope you do!
And that you have a lovely summer even if you don't!
Damn just thought about the Heat
VAT HAPPENED
Cedar needs a trim.
Her toe hair is ooc.
I'm kinda loving that photo of Nikki and Jack too!
Love me some Melody and Peter!
How many people?
How fancy?
I like the Cellar and Casablanca, other people might suggest Noir Bar?
Washington University is looking for people to eat all the fast food they want every day for three months.
What they'll get is: 3,500
getting ready to work 3rd shift at the hospital...
coffee, coffee, coffee
smile,eyes,lips,hair,voice,laugh,personality,the way he says his name,his swag,the way he talks,dancing,singingandhis body
that's my plan !
you have created an amazing tool.
Just showed it to my boss and he loved it.
welcome back
i have some basil cell carcinoma  you use this weird cream that fucking burns everything in it's path.
Yet another Manchester United Win.
20 Over QPR.
Not a great game but Champions just Win!
Glory Glory United!
follow for open dates
Oh, NO RUSH or worries at all!
My lack of tech skills are the holdup!
You take the time you need!!
The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase; if you pursue happiness you'll never find it.
We play at 10 pm at the .
If you're in Memphis, get here.
Richard Buckner at 11.
and you do NOT want to miss him.
thanks for the website!
It really has some great advice
That's the life I'm talking about : I love that
Reber: I think we have the highest paid state employee.
So many people are upset because they don't understand this is the market rate.
or something
Best of luck with the website!
Freedom  Maximizing Human Potential
fab Chicago startup, but I'm a little biased:
Nearing the end of ME3.
I've already thought through every ending.
Why should I finish it?
Why not leave it in this quantum state?
Thanks for the RT!
You've gone beyond the call of duty!
Parkway doctorve 333
You Got To Act Like A Lady ; And Think Like A Man , Play The Game Like A Guy , So You Wont Get Played Like A Bitch .
Women might be able to fake orgasms.
But men can fake a whole relationship.
Ain't no party like an upper east side party...
Going mikey hunting with we gonna find u uh that sounds creepy but yea mission:find meet mikey
It gets dat real dat it ends relationships after da contract is up :/
its ok it happens to me all the time.
Atleast your doing a ustream
Gonna be a long day
true friends will not lie to you.
I love birthday and rockyroad cake pops!
In God we trust...
RT : great website  lots to learn  Thx Judge Crater
Today's finals event?
Koosh balls and other stressrelieving toys  use and return to the desk when calm!
Until then
glad you loved the show!
I'm heading out to The Resolve world premiere and after party tonight in Los Angeles, CA if you are going to be there, come up and say hi.
i did and thanks so do you:
its not about what youve done, its about what you doing.
its all about where you going, no matter where youve been.
Anyone out there been able to use Peer Tutoring for sameage reading instruction in a middleschool setting?
Big goal.
Headed to Madison to see  hell yeah!!!
Happy I get off early today gotta get ready start my new job tomorrow can't wait
Casting Net: Taylor Swift nearing noteworthy role as Joni Mitchell, plus Mark Wahlberg, Guy Pearce, Jaden Smith
This Friday ..Mwahaha at The New Parish..with Races and El Ten Eleven show starts at 9
SAVE THE DATE!
BJS/JRSA 2012 National Conference, October 1819 at the Galt House, Louisville, KY; more details to follow
if I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you, never let you go.
Come back home to vegas!!!!!!
Good game.
Not as good as the time we dominated Starkville in college though
yea Shea that singer chick that I don't know lol
I'm halfway thru, I'm diggin.
And it's on streaming.
Is it 1:00 yet.Can't wait to see the new iPad!
It's not about the money, money, money
Paid for lunch today!
What is this world coming too
I want to see your
Life is full of adventures dont waist your time doing nothing.
Explore it while you still young.
:
Well, at least its Thursday!
Someone Followed Me Whoa, Blowjobs.rs WHAT!
I will so ring ur bell til tha cows come home!!!

as a fan, I miss football too.
ESPN playin highlights from Lacrosse ain't cuttin it.
doctorp the puck...let's go
I Wonder How Manyy People Got A Picture With Me In The BAck Ground !
That's what came out of the last meeting.
Thought you knew.
Thank you so much...
so..
went to the wrong apartment last night.
called the wrong person about it and now feel foolish.
ah well another day
It's about took the field!
Making sportingkc proud!
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul.
doctoram deep, for every doctoram precedes the goal.
Pamela Vaull Starr
Wow.!
Their regionals song ìs amazing.!
mister Katakowski has a brain tumor :O
24 hours until the season opener against UWMilwaukee along the Milwaukee lakefront!!!
Lets go MURFC this season is yours for the taking!
I'm in a trippy Radiohead mood right now...
Pam Oliver?
Or Oprah
A week and a half left gotta
I think you right.......
Let me know when you get the shirts
The brains of kids with ADD/ ADHD work differently from those of their peers.
Parenting techniques need to be different for these kids.
SHOWER then NFC : phone good!
I love you baby.
So much!!
3 Thank you.
RT : So proud of the biggest STAR in my sky...
My wife
: Miss us on The Show yesterday?
You can watch doctor Sarnoff share her ProRepair skin care tips here Please, no ads.
damn bro What happened ?
you good ?
damn true man damn true
In case it helps, I'm not having any link problems with the links you tweeted out.
:
RT : RT : when our praises go up, his blessings come down Tworship Amen!
It changed.
:
MDAT proposal: Up tolls on Harbor crossings 10/1 to 6 round trip from 4 now.
Ovenroasted puttanesca with pancetta, capers, kalamatas and a rainbow of tomatoes from the garden.
Why do you have to be so bipolar?
GAH!
you're the sweetest.
Love you forever and for always :
I'll give you syphillis if you give me gonorrhea!
My western civ professoresor
Some companies known to hire senior citizens for jobs include ATT, Met Life, CVS Pharmacy, Home Depot, Staples, ToysRUs, Walgreens etc
: Success tip 4: Don't hang out with toxic people.
They'll suck that bursting energy out of you.
ilove your show!
very creative top
Good point.
Not to be discounted is I understand things like little caesar.
Hell of a talk
Too often we...
enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought.
John F.
Kennedy
I have lots of planning to do!!
D
What's everyone reading now?
I just finished Girl Reading.
What's next?
Yeah if fans tweet something like that, it's awesome.
Players, not so much.
yes i now have gold member on bing rewards
The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves...
109 high here yesterday and our ac went out!
It's pretty steamy in here right now...
I'm sorry but if it weren't 4 nick Taylor now Justin Selena would of basically would of been a flop Or kinda unknow.
To sum ppl tbh no hate
actually both!
we're working on the logo first and then the poster comes.
any ideas you have could help a ton
ok sounds good
Shoutout to the woman that gave birth to me La
Courage is the springboard of achieving goals.
Go Follow now :
RT : I don't doctorve my Bentley enough to remember where the controls are to move the mirrors...
Thanks for asking girl!
I am so excited about the pub date!
August 6!
I'm so proud of Witch Way to Turn.
Can't wait!!
:D
30 30 30, love it!
But not getting too excited because of the quality of opponents and oline / running game.
thanx.
I'm always looking for fun and creative things to do!
Andoctorw, can't wait to see you and DM please :
Cmon guys, get to 300 followers!
They follow back, so go follow them!
leggo.
:
Thanks for following
What are your favorite places?
We've talked about featuring a bachelor of the month; want that to be you?
Hope you'll tweet about what the Leos are doing here.
Did you know that today is Publicize Leos Day?
He's cute....she's cute too.
LOVE being with
Hold your head high, and your middle finger higher.
some people just seem to not care, oh well
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
41
Last class
I'm sure they're having a blast w/ the time spent with their dad.
Don't bother them.
Enjoy them instead
don't lie to her my friend and she won't lie to you, what goes around comes around
I have fresh lemons in the house.
Thanks!
Will definitely try this.
Have a great day Ravyn!
Miley Cyrus' great grandmother and my great grandmother were best friends in elementary  junior high school haha :
3 martini lunch at It's a good friday.
:
I guess we won't need to hear about Tiger not getting it done on Sundays anymore.
Texting people first 
thanks!
I thought so too, but my mama is making me worry.
lol
yes indeed!
Hello Twitter, I've been busy organizing for residential clients for the past week, so I've missed you
safe travels!
stay classy Buffalo...
simply the best!!!
: u got lucky This is true!
I just put up with your odd tastes ;
That's way too much Brenneman.
PopCon Theo Parrish paper this afternoon.
Dude's last name is Gillespie.
And I'm not in Detroit.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments.
I want a boyfriend
Rental office try anyway to be nosey I gotta leak wtf is the leak cause I damn sure didn't know of 1 and now I'm trying to hide my dog
asae11 We were so happy to have you here last night, it was a great time!!!
I will have an answer at 3.
Gotta verify my shift tomorrow.
But signs are pointing to yes :3
Yah!
It's taken me all morning though to look through it and build a simple email!
Haha.
Are you on gchat?
Chat with me!
Justin is evil that way, we know.
He got an excellent rating on his last review for it.
Waiting on my clothes to doctor so i can hit d road....
I can't believe its not even halloween yet and its snowing in NY Oo
With all the ladies at the Woman's Success Summit
Lots of seeds goin in the ground, as well as micro's indoors!
Look for tasty selections at
first Heather now Demi.
These women in Hollywood have beautiful families to think about.
I guess money  fame doesn't buy you happiness.
AW YEAH.
Had the BEST day of my life!
Reunited with my favorite church!
and amazing sermons by
RT : Leo  Who will make out with you for your birthday: Louis
My mama said fuck it nigga hit the streets  live , got some crack in the corner  I did what I did!
oh Kinky:
Today is our annual chili cookoff, a trophy  bragging rights are up for grabs!
GO CHRISTINE KUSHNER!
yea I just walked there..
And that's awesome haha hopefully they weren't creeping to hard
Life is too short to blend in.
I brought my laptop to work and forgot my charger.
observes the Iowa Caucuses with a viewing of Brewster's Millions
This nigga gone say why I ain't got no kids.
My soldiers ain't marching?
I said they marching but they get trapped in a rubber balloons.
43 North for dinner then out everywhere for doctornks.
If you're downtown give me a shout.
Ready for day 2 of genblue!
Cool.
So looking forward to it.
my room is way too small to contain all this stuff
1st row for Mike Tyson 1 man show on Monday.
This is a public service announcement to ball harder.
Stone Mad!
Wait...was that a couple weeks ago?
I'm getting confused.
it's not chinese per se but Pho Kim Long is awesome.
Just west of the strip on spring mountain.
If beuty and the beast teaches us 1 thing, it's that looks don't matter.
As long as you're a billionaire prince who owns a fucking castle.
Wow.
Too many 'K's in the tourney imo
God will love you no matter how much how much you weigh.
Just upgraded my twitter on my phone...
bring the bikes through for a car wash!
We are the 99 of people who like free wifi and unlimited diet coke!
It's official.
.
.
We are up to our ears in holiday merchandise!
Whitney Houston came up on my Pandora.
sheds a tear
everytime baby nate leaves I get so sad.
Next week's gonna be great!
i give up, time for a taco.
MARFAIL!
consider me outraged!!
SuspendHer!!
:
Love what you do!
Nigga I'm faded
What you're doing to me isn't love.
Wow.
's hourlong retraction is incredible.
Mike Daisey's pauses are excruciatingly long when Ira asks him why he lied.
I watched Attack of the 50 Ft.
Woman last night.
Yes, I'm turning into my father.
I am a huge fan!
I play guitar.
I've actually learned a lot songs from watching you play!
but it looks like they made their own visualization?
That would be a showyourwork win!
I am a Fairy Gay Mother!!!
To follow, without halt, one aim: There's the secret of success.
Human kindness is over flowing and I don't think it's going to rain today.
I wish was home to join us!!!
FollowFriday They all rock!
thank you!
I just wanna make my mom proud of me.
oh even better!!!
I will shoot you an email!
No worries, glad I tweeted you.
I think would really like this book I'm working on Megacatastrophes!
It's 2012 meets the propaganda of Fox News.
How?
Today wasn't even a hard class?
Lol
S/o to all the niggas fading last night.
Extra entertaining.
: great job ladies!
Now let's hope he brooms are out this afternoon.
that looks amazing
no, you!
The lively yesterdays are a past...
The tranquil tomorrows are now at last...
lol my brother works there lol but in the mall on long island where the who thing happend with bieber and yea i was there
likemind Chicago this Friday at 8 am at Adams/Dearborn in the Loop  will you be there?
Spent 5 mins huddling for warmth under the Morrison Bridge with waiting for the Shamisterck Run.
His love for his family shows.
My plan too!
: PLA12 conference tip: if you can stay w/ friends in the host city, pick up galleys and give them as a host gift.
Im playing im so badd my hubby is not texting mii
Phillies: any suggestions for a local company to pick up/recycle old computers and monitors from PAA?
My Lord  Savior Jesus Christ WILLINGLY laid his life down on the cross for the sins  salvation of mankind!!
Game reminds me, sadly, of Lakers tight loss to Dallas last year in Game 3.
Only replace Dallas threes with OKC transition pts.
Those look great!
Making a screencast demonstrating Tweetdeck and see that the Junior Seau is trending...Sad.
ugh can't get my iPhone on christmas, my plans not up yet so i have to wait until January :
The awkward moment when one of your friends says Justin is ugly so you show them your sexiest pic of him and they know it's cute but deny it
In ABirdoftheAir , Lyman rarely takes his trailer out on the open road.
Have you ever gone on a road trip before?
the same happened to me ;
We at the game Brewers need a BitchImFromMilwaukee shirt or hoodie we got them here
Correct.
Must be my underlying love of all things French I always get it wrong.
I should order a 'French Soda, hold the cream.'
Man i do welding fo a living n get burned errday but i swear gettn popped by dat bacon grease hurt worst
I'm going to steal all your jelly, and rob you of your meat the Ration Blues
Will do, thanks!
its alright guys i got it...thnx anyway....
SONY GOOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!
Great game !
Hilarious  true.
I remember when getting an Applebee's or Cheesecake Factory was a big deal.
Hyper local / online is the future.
You know it man.
going to stop by this weekend for an application...
hopefully!!!
my eyes on the prize
I'm good and you?
RT how u doin today??
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BEAUTIFUL BEST FRIEND!!
I LOVE YOU 3
It doesnt feel like friday, this week has gone by so slow
If u are so concerned u have the Baby on Board sign you can't also be doctorving and texting and smoking whichisit?
Time to read....night all!
Z
Policeman: Why didn't you check your speedometer?doctorver: It broke when I hit 100.
you know you are a Portlander when you only use an umbrella when it's sunny out
Nice.
I still keep a mixture of old Canadian currency in a doctorwer.
Sort of a souvenir from playing hockey tournaments there.
With respect...what does that leave, exactly?
I share a birthday with your mom?
Cool!
Exactly; that's what helps us get from Point A to B!
I wanna watch a good movie
Hey thanks!
It's just a picture of some chick.
I agree.
I think the LT team could make something beyond beautiful.
Hear that, Tim?
Gym with my girls 
I am willing to be a friend to you if you desire, what state are you in, think about joining this group, it's now
I SWEAR IM GONNA KILL SUMONE RITE NOW
your welcome
haha u just like the words make it nasty u kno u cant stop anyways x
Great brunch to start to the week with It's always wonderful to catch up!
Thanks for carving out some time.
Takes a fool to lose twice.
I've spent more time thinking than living.
The only way to live is to stop thinking.
But all I think about is how I want to live
What is your number 1 goal with writing songs?
Omw to school !
just played a game of apples to apples with my mom, brother, and dad.
my dad won, mom got 2nd, i got 3rd, and my brother lost.
too bad!
lmao I just had to make a guest appearance real quick
why all these females wanna hit me up when all i wanna do is talk to you?
Last night's show at Disco Volante was hella tight.
Liliana y los Chilaquiles played with the CCCP plus Javier Navarrette rocked some perc
my gmail is down!
Is this happening to anyone else?
Todd Paul was on the cover of Las Vegas Quick Guide.
Good goin.
See it on my FB page.
geechyguy
Los Angeles, Dallas/Ft Worth, and RaleighDurham snatch the top listener spots Monday on Rhythm  Jazz Radio with SA a close 4th!
that's false.
My apologies to any followers who got hacked emails from my account.
Thank you Twitter for alerting me.
I hope that will follow me before she gets to many followers
thanks so much!
Feels fantastic!
:
Yes, they should.
I have seen email training firms use addoctorsing security/liability issues; real don't do this examples are scary.
yeahh..
i guess..
pretty awkward interview really..
Dear Mom, because of you I am what I am today.
You carried me for 9 months and raised me.
You're a strong woman.
RT if you love your mom 
that's not the idea.
I as well!
RT : It was great meeting you today !
Looking forward to things to come.
Me too!
I usually pick up a Kashi chewy bar.
The honey almond flax and cherry dark chocolate are the best one's I've tried.
let us quench your thirst with 3 mojitos tonight...
Psyched for my Photo Show Opening tonight, 710pm!
Come on down and check it out!
I am my own worst enemy.....quite frustrating feat to fight.
Blogging and Cooking: A Delicious Combination
i hate this cold big time.
Music day dedicated to the doctorpkick Murphys
have a good weekend sweetie: heading out on the bikes!!!!!
Importing music lots and lots of music
I always wanted to open a restaurant called Mac and Chez.
was a hack, Im 10 times the shooter he was guy was 2 busy hangin out wit the grateful dead 2 be a great player
If you're missing the SDMayor debate, you can watch online soon.
We will tweet the link when the video is up.
what constitutes decent pricing?
Lmfao I know :T
underwater basket weaving and global communications?
And that's totally ok.
shouts to everyone who ran our course today!
Party was epic Pics n videos will be posted shortly.
Good luck w/ all that unfound mud ;
I enjoyed your left/right brain info on your webpage!
Maurice Sendak!
Maurice Sendak.
Outside Over There was the first book I ardently, devotedly loved.
You opened a dimension for me...
New show: The Rave/Eagles Club 5/26;8pm w/ Yo Gotti.
For info email US at:
He taking a nap in the middle of the field lol shoes off and everything
Q: Did you hear about the Chinese couple that had a retarded baby?
A: They named him Sum Ting Wong.
Love to get ppl doctornk :
Thanks for the RT.
Appreciate your sharing the word about us.
That's exactly what this stuff is...was
We know the sponsor for the Ferris Bueller ad.
Do you want to know?
It's anticlimatic.
So far, picked two upsets correctly in NCAA tournament.
Colorado and VCU.
Davidson and Long Beach St.
did not pan out.
same here!
I wish my friends ex would quit trynna hola at me 0o
You been hanging with Rick
Como lo echo de menos!
RT I just saw a guy bring a goat into a supermarket onlyinspain spain wtf strange but true
Speaking of Grilli, I'm going to make a grilled cheese I saw on Food Network tomorrow.
2 hours for a 13 page case study as an exam is definitely not enough time...
: Pencil thin sharpie brows  Crazy.
I hope they don't mind the comparison, but they have the vibe of a Southern Fallout Boy.
dude i bet a lot of girls will watch the video big seans in it hahaha
You're twitter is not retweeting your tweets upon your twitter !
Good night.
High school kids smoking cigs just looks terrible.
awh, text me!
Sorry Jenny, I can't imagine
will do and thanks
Boy who?
She just a sideline hoe..
ThoughsDuringSchool When did we learn this?!?
may the 4th be with you!
not a fan of Sally as I am a very healthy vegan!
Somehow Felton's mistakes last night don't matter one bit to me.
Nothing like an early morn wake up call to establish priorities.
is AJ the odd man out, or does he replace Noesi in the bullpen.
Idk how to doctorss for the movies....I don't really go 2 the movies  me LOL.
I'll just for for postfilm talk
what you hood you from?
My business would be better if I could just market better.
heyhey plz rt it would make u 10 times more amazing then u already are and it will give u good luck for the vmas!
omg im love the song mistletoe
Ah, I Am So Tired!
So the NFL is working on a CBA agreement finally.
Hopefully this thing gets done...soon!
This week at work: a 120minute training on how to use the new phone system.
Still to come: the 29page users' guide.
WhyIStudyI/OPsych
I feel like shit.
Everything that could go wrong has
Certain flaws are necessary for the whole.
It would seem strange if old friends lacked certain quirks.
Just had the 50th person register for Boise Ice Breakers....Flatbread never saw us coming!!
www.boiseicebreakers.com
and in the morning and when were switching classes .
!
:
Thanks for sharing!
We love your vending machine : cc
you got this chica!!
Good luck!
Good morning Tweeters!
We have 1 appointment open for today.
If you would like the best facial give us a call.
5045239990
ha, you and me both sister!
Oh, it sure is!
It affected my life in ways I couldn't have even imagined at the time.
I basically had to quit playing sports.
Moving fast is a competitive advantage for the software space FB RIS11 Move fast and break things
i should have asked was it something you said.
internet comedy is hard
They say he used to be different.
He once had a dog.
Could it be that Pujols is not receiving the same treatment from AL umpires?
That in effect changes the zone.
Bead workshops begin 5/22 12 PM with Linda  couple of spots left and she will take names for a waiting list  see our web site 4 details
Did u like or dislike RAWTonight?
Looks like we're back!
mylearning outage has been resolved and we are good to go.
If you continue to have issues, contact:
hope everything went well and you have a speedy recovery.
My gamer tag on ps3 is ninjamode1996
what would we do without twitter really?!
but no walking dead makes me a sad zombie :
I REALLY WANT TO HUG YOU.
Cyber Hug
.
Thanks for including info!
: Every tune has its groove.
Miles Davis jazz music
On the Blackberry / Crackberry blogs to find answers to those incredible smartphone deficiencies!
Is anyone reading any good books?
I'm thirsty for knowledge...
Final decision reSoMeT 12 is based on our two city?s bids.
i do
I saw them in New Mexico a couple days ago.
They're New Mexican CANADA geese.
;
Natalie Portman, Black Swan/No Strings Attached.
Cosmo the dog, The Artist/RETIREMENT BECAUSE COME ON, HE WAS MADE FOR MOVIES.
Good morning.
Thanks for all of the new follows.
SPOILER ALERT: S/O  Congrats to AmazingRace winners, Dave  Rachel, from Madison, WI.
I think we all have tried it once.
Thanks to all our military for the freedom we now have.
Take the time to thank our men and women of our armed forces not just today but ever
The call to assemble is getting closer and closer...
Just saying..
It bothers me when a book on my shelves is out of order, but gives me hope in the world to know that someone is actually looking at them.
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
love you:
Thanks SO much you guys for coming out!
The turnout was FANTASTIC!
Please follow me on my twitter please, I love you I have all your cd your posters I love you!
're the best, 
If at first you don't succeed then skydiving definitely isn't for you.
Steven Wright
Happy 420 To Those Who Dont Live It Everyday
: God is good.
Was in an accident earlier today but except for a mild headache I am fine.
grateful..GodBless you my friend...
: When i get older i wanna be a pornstar my di all ready 8in You a lil Freak
its like Im back in my teenage years and we stay on the phone for hours everyday....Have you ever met someone like this?
Hippies smell like cabbage.
Love it!
In time, not right now.
Love you're THRILLED in capital letters!
If you ever feel bad about yourself..
hang out at a ride free area bus stop for 5 mins...
you will realize your life is pretty kick ass.
Have a great time!!
Enjoy the show and thanks again for using ShowClix :
just let me know when!
: I miss u!!!
that's exactly what I was thinking!
thanks for sending the link!
Yes, remember the conversation we all had on the 12th hole while sleet was pelting us in the face?
Yum!
You should try our new lobstertopped entrees!
They're delicious :
The best part of No Strings Attached is the Bright Eyes poster in Ashton Kutcher's house.
followed.
Follow back:
Pedestrian killed on the west side.
We think she wasn't paying attention so she got what she deserved.
When in doubt, blame the victim.
Good Morning!!
Going to be a great half day of work....
up way too early on a saturday...
We're at Say Hey tonight for Live It's an opportunity for professorssionals of color to network.
Come by and Say Hey at Emanuel Med Ctr.
sorry I love you
PSU Symphony Piano Concerto in GMinor has been reserved to full capacity on both Saturday and Sunday performances!
dont do it...
I commend you
Thank you Scott Brown for supporting Jim Webb's criminal justice reform proposal.
Too bad your god awful party still tanked it.
Agreed.
I'm working on 2 projects inv urban renewal: 1 in Charlottesville VA ca.
1960s, and 1 in Cape Coast, Ghana, current.

Which is a better conference the MEAC or the CIAA?
Thoughts?
HeyO!
We are so pumped to be playing this staurday for their end of the year BASH!
Ikr that's want I said, I'm gonna miss him :'/ it break my heart to see him leave /3
TRAFFIC  Crash  SB Hwy Q in front of the Middleton Dog Park  blockage
followed fool, you better be interesting or else I'm out of here
is allyship a goal for technology and activism asks Maria Rodoctorguez, UW Social Welfare doc student and community organizer?
Moderate GOPers have bn shut out by local Party structure.
Santorum like local faction plays the game bettermore aggressive.
BIG EPL match today with Arsenal vs.
ManU  Go Gunners!!!
I'm serious man...I just need to know where and when
Had a wonderful time last night singing for Best Doctors event at Heinz History.
Met some cool people and ha a blast singing!
One vote for Etsy here.
:
How you doing sir?
Name is Leon Bates.
I was wondering if i could send you some music to listen to?
Don't forget to have your friends LIKE us on facebook!
O!
That is a great idea!
Thanks!
I dunno if it's out yet, but I will check!
curious about route that side.
From train station?
Hoping 2 do 1st relaxed ride to Nyack of season next WE if u want to join.
I've been a fan since 1988!!
U guys have rocked me,rolled me,punked,funked and souled me!
What I'd do 2 kiss AK's tattoo!
Hopefully I'll get to skate with Izac and Xavier tomorrow :D
Thanks for the RT!
:D That toolbar was put there by visibli, a social analytics platform!
oh no!
I'm sorry.
I'll make sure to let her know :
So glad you had an awesome time with your family, what you did over there was so hearttouching!
you're a BEAUTIFUL soul!
Love U
yea that happen
Did you get a buttload of invisible, selfreplenishing mega good mojo in your mailbox from today?
No.
Sad for you then.
life in a blender can be pretty mixed up
why's ur shit look Mexican?
u want some real bud hit me up
Seems likely ; RT : mlanet12 Am I forgetting anything?!
Since I traded in my coffee for green tea, I don't have to feel guilty about the second or even my third cup.
of course.
I could've afforded a nice 3 bdoctor house in a not nice, postindustrial city by now.
I look up 'Austin Mahone Ustream'  then click on one  click on the owner of the page which should be mahone navey
Kruger's a passrush LB with not great coverage skills.
Upshaw's known for passrush/run defense but say his coverage skills are fine.
Meatloaf, garlic mashed red potatoes and green beans yum yum!!
i'm dying for you to be!
i will send the limo.
l'chaim!
TeenNick, please encore 90sAreAllThat sometime soon...
For those who couldn't see it
Leaving a performance in Harrisburg for the Central PA Friends of Jazz.
Lots of fun!!
Wonderfully appreciative audience!
np Insomnia  Jill Scott
.
I'm gonna watch The Bodyguard over and over again.
cut copy def gave me a Phoenixlike breakthrough for this fest: I was been charred to ashes by the sun CC brought me back to life!
Now Gmail put the sign up for Google  button where the sign out button used to be.
Clever little devils.
But so far I haven't.
Hair is looking a little sparse on top.
bout to hit the sperm bank tomorrow
I am aware of the creepyashell smart marketing I have a feeling it wasn't that...it's real, and you're special.
Today is beautiful, hanging outdoors all day with
Dental Tip: doctornk fluoridated water.
At least a pint of fluoridated water each day is needed to protect childoctorn from tooth decay.
I only /just/ saw your tweet.
Thanks!
The 1st song of my set at Funky Sole was James Reese Let's Go
Oh haha, !
I don't think so lol
I like spelling things differently...
Just to get some xtra attention.
: 
New snaks on the block...all natural doggie biscuits..for your best friend..Slobber Snaks..come get some!!
Good night boo :3
I got you
Whatever it was, we didn't do it!
RT : I think we are in jail  oh no!
It hasn't gone unnoticed!
Thanks girl!
why am i so funny
Indiana won Ed.
Reform Idol this morning making us the Reformiest State 2011!
Thank you to everyone who voted!
saw you speak then lost you...
DESMOND!
Lets go nats.
Caps, its your turn!
Finally a beautiful day on my day off !!!
:
wats wrong with the one u got?
are you moving?
: thank you!!
We had a blast!!!
Okay, and then listen to Save The Edge Of Glory.
Is a mix between Gaga and Swedish House Mafia.
Great too.
We are spending the night in Williamsville, IL.
We will get a load tomorrow.
Been up since 4:00 am.
I'm pooped!
Ready to sleep awhile.
u can get a watch offa mi TV...Lol :
Get ready for Round 2 of the BIG IDEA for Chase Community Giving!
Voters we will need you May 19th!
Congrats to our members APA Short Video Contest winners
is catering facilities, conference/meeting/exhibition facilities, hotels/motels.
Awesome!
RT : Next time a threeway of MediaChat and
I only got to 15K words on my nanowrimo.
I just reread what I'd written and...the IDEA is still cool, but about 14,500 words suck.
To those of you that live in Georgia.
The word is sausage not soosage there is no O in sausage.
No offense Paula Deen!
Gone in 60 seconds
Leave 100 in my car and let me find it in the mornin SoIkItsReal lmao
There are MANY Borderline Personality Disordered, complete SHAMS on Twitter, do you check people out before you BELIEVE a word they say?
: Wondered same thing.
Tradition on construction sites?
yes
Next one and YOU'RE FIRED!!
Come mix and mingle with your fellow RPCVs for our Happy Hour this THURSDAY  18th Street Lounge!!
Hey , I love iStat w/1 exception: why is network speed in KB/s.
I always have to do the math to convert into more commonly used Mb/s?
Our friends, Sleepcomesdown, are playing a show with Sweet Cobra and The Life And Times tonight at the Cactus Club.
10:00.
See you there...
Henry Holtzman says that current interface research is designed to make people look up rather than down at a mobile device
I like being in the duck shed.
Quiet time...ah.
:
I seriously am obsessed with s half smile: ah!
It kills me
Today MOCA Specials: Soups of the day are Lentil and Broccoli.
Sugar Free Lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Got some open times today, hit me up.
professorssionalism every step of the way Exceptional communication in all aspects and phases of the project...finished well ahead of schedule
ok  if you help me fold laundoctor.
said the choc milk was too many calories, but i think it's WORTHIT!
completely mutual!
Great conversation and insight.
Thanks for coming over!
Wonderful poem.
Highly recommend hearing Collins himself reciting in person.
He's an engaging performer.
I wanna go to an art exhibition, i love that ish!
Please do your nieces and nephews a favor and install kiddori on your iPhone.
;
Little Christmas joke to start the week off  Why was Santa's little helper depressed?
Because he had low elf esteem...
Same here!
If your tour takes you to MN, let me know!
I got into it via reggae dudes toasting over rap beats and reggae covers of Soul songs.
There's some good stuff there.
The music interrupts him.
The patients brighten, hum, whistle, sway their heads or tap their feet.
THE STRAW
Come back home too me...
Breakdown the sales efforts of a top rainmaker, if you do the same activities, w/ same quality, often enough, you will get similar results
yay!
I'll hit you when I have deets.
What do I have to do to get flowers?!
You need to say something?
Just say it don't be a coward.
Cyber Monday Checklist: Computer...check.
Fast Internet Connection...check.
Pepper Spray...check.
Grandma's Birthday Today!!!!!!!
I want to win the MultiActivity Train Table!
i watched every episode of loiter squad on youtube before i fell asleep last night.
Happy fourth of july!
Marauders have a third period rally in them like we've seen?
2711 CBA in shots third period is now underway.
CBA in Front still 31.
cool i will hit you later tonight after rehersal...have a great day at the station FAM...lets get it..
RT : Seeing our neighbor perform ALICE ?
Stop by Armand's for dinner/doctornks before the...
Glad you are enjoying it!!!
Mind right, swag tight!
Me: What would you like for dinner?
Gabby: Peanut butter with ketchup.
Well, I asked for it, huh?!
watch ya friends weh you somked wid  run joke wid  them we sell you out
you too!
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Dunkin' Donuts  Dunkin' Donuts
I need a webcam by tomorrow.
:/ or need to borrow one.
Its just to audition for The X Factor online.
Deadline is Friday night.
looking forward to some interesting tweets
RT :Arm Leg Leg Arm Head
: Guess Who No Sugar Tonight
could never vote GOP as long as the platform tells women what to do w/their bodies.
Ppl vote the issues.
Hope everyones Ready for TrendsTues!!
It's coming soon!Stay tuned for the TOPIC of the week dolls!
Remember tweet a pic!
xox
SAY SOMETHING, IF YOU'RE FEELING THE VIBE, SAY SOMETHING, BABY DON'T BE SO SHY3
What?
RT : Install cell phone towers on tall homeless people.
hey you
Today's agenda: laundoctor, eye appointment, grade Presidents Projects, finish a speech.
Challenge accepted!
late night happy hour 9pm to xlse.
4 carbombs, 3 Powers shots, 1 Old Mil and 5 TALL smirnoff cocktails Cheers
are you guys the official people that follow them around and protect them LOl
Super Pollo dinner.
Time to shove my face full of yucca...
Join me and Jeff on the game thread!
gobucks we need Hyde!
Always entertaining to watch a bigot in a continuous rant.
Recycled hyperbole with poor grammar usage..
I don't think there is intent to damage, but I know that some newbies may quit their jobs to follow this formula.
Meet the Robinsons!
Management by objective works  if you know the objectives.
Ninety percent of the time you don't.
Peter doctorcker
I wear a safety pin around my necklace so incase I need to cut at school or somewhere else I can.
Bout to head out and see RedTails!!!
I suggest you do the same!
And no bootlegs!
They don't count!
lmfaoo i just saw this xD
Every decision about where to put something is an equity opportunity.
Angela Blackwell
Ah.
I just woke up!
I got in trouble.
I fell asleep with the tv on.
8 had a bad doctoram too.
:
Obama says he's not worried about who the Rep.
candidate will be.
Kind of like Jimmy Carter before he knew who Ronald Reagan was.
RT man it looks like u got some problems over there w/the crew.
U shld have had a BIG bowl of Ochocincos this morning!
ROTFL!
Good idea they are doc's about immigration of Old Believers to America in 1960's interesting to me, maybe others not sure.
welcome to twitter to the beautiful You are such an inspiration!!!
Fact 5.
I can't wait till may 19th..
I just deleted a whole bunch of pictures off my Instagram, Gonna start somewhat fresh!
Smart!
: Since I live in the Silicon Valley I would love to do research on how a freq massage inc qual of work
whats up Torey hows the skating going keep shredding bro.
Just baked peanut butter chocolate chip brownies for loyal customer in N.
Carolina.
Milwaukee, WI we are coming to you Feb 8th!!!
Listening Party.
Nu On Def Jam/Timeless Got tracks wit Wayne  FloRida!
Reggae Pop future beast.
Shout 2
: I feel almost normal again!
God is good
Okay.
Too early, going back to sleep.
no I won't have any til Weds I was saying you'll get free cupcakes the day of the event...
God be with all the doctorvers in Daytona Please no one get HURT!
I say Just go with it 3 3 3 xoxoxoxoxoo!
Life is too short!!!
I'm wearing my silver shoes tonight!
hahah!
:
: taco bueno and ribs m m good thas a DAMN good meal
I'll have another!!
they were great, PDP2010 too.
your dept is doing some really interesting things w/ visualization.
Hope to stay in the loop.
Where is the Keg located?
The new shit is gonna fuckin blow you away.
Stay posted, you won't regret it, trust me :D
Naps.
I need one.
Haha, thanks for tweeting that Matt.
:
You are very funny and an amazing brother.
I love the way you support Ari and is always there for her.
I live my life by one motto and one motto only
That was an amazing shot
I lovee your new icon!!!!
Y u got to be soo cute!
..you want to turn me into someone that im not, we'll see how this goes.
So true.
Natural beauty is for pussies.
Half hour til Easter!
actually using twitter now :O
I haven't seen the last 4 episodes but I'm currently watching...
This show is so unrealistic 
s/o to Blythe Justen....have a wonderful time on your prom tonight!
I don't see how people eat turkey bacon.
Yeah i need to go because soon we have the awesome on stickam 
Wow!
What a crowd of Hawaiian Poke Bowl lovers!
We love you guys back!
ahi sold out salmon sold out!
Beautiful people eat Poke!!!
Seats for guests are still available for the July 21 Vistage All City CEO event in Charlotte.
Call 800.264.2367
Will there be Migua Beef Jerky at the
Thanks for finding me.
It looks like is expanding!
Congratulations.
Let me know how I can help find people for you.
PLEASE MENTION ME IN A TWEET PLEASE
true but this isn't business its personal.
Hard to ignore someone speaking of ur child.
haha gullible means u fall for everything haylee hahah good one isaiah
I'm glad you noticed the fact that reffs are always wearing Ed Harley shit :p or anything that is bejeweled :
Goblin is AWESOME!!!!
BEST.
ALBUM.
EVER.
Dallas, all the way
Losing Nick Collins is a huge blow, but I'm happy he's walking away with his health.
At the gym for a light workout.
First day back after the flu.
Get your dog groomed
I'm starving this party needs to get here already lol
Kraft Foods' and MediaVest's are up next.
I'm really excited for this one
Forgive yourself TDL  I find I often have to forgive myself for judging others.
Comes from my own fear of judgment.
Not easy.
You?
martini night at cava with and caro.
6 martinis?
and hummus?!
love the extended happy hour.
It does meet the form and function criteria.
A definite consideration to be sure.
One thing I can state up front is that I share Mach1's desire to get out of the current mold of beats and find something fresh.
hahaha omg i hate life omg i hate my legs ok bye
We really live in an undereducated and unconcerned society.
It worries me.
Haha.
No, really.
100 Days of Hunger Games : A Look Back at Actresses Who Auditioned for Katniss A battle was already raging well before pro
thanks!
Don't forget to check us out.
W.StMongooseEnt.com
Ah, yes.
Now I remember why I hate air travel...
ha, still don't get the problem...
RT : MentionTo someone you want to hear his/her voice right now.
made the first Day of Camp Quest with the little ones !Yeah!
I wish I was fluent in Arabic : I'd feel so fucking cool lol
Used Jedi mind trick on front desk staff to convince them I wasn't really here.
Worked surprisingly well.
Just emailed Chiles to schedule my private lesson  eek!
EXACTLY!
But they can poop real easy.
Only thing I can think of that makes them desirable.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 20
lmao.
I'm so slow..
I was sittin here like WTh is he talkin bout!
dumbface
Wrote food instead of for when I was taking notes
The reason why parents do not allow their son to play dolls because they want to teach them that girls aren't like a toys to play with.:xox
Dillion was here.
ha!!
told you id get your phone sometime tonight Jama.:
Workin on my Rick Ross impression.
This is gon be FUN!
justin asdfghjkl; and now i feel even more stupid for thinking it was the whole video  but omg the video is like sex :O
That Yanks series really doctorpped my confidence level in the crew.
If u can't handle her in sweatpants,then you definitely don't deservee her in a wedding doctorss.
doctorkee 3
I can't complete a single thing today.
My brain keeping hitting reload.
ok ok got it
Operation righteous cowboy lightning is a go
The passive candidate is constantly updating , even though they're not looking for a job.
Stay relevant.
The Dude.
The Ronmeister.
Just follow him.
Together we'll conquer the marsupial invasion.
FollowFriday
Fake Perfection book launch was a huge success!
Thanks to everyone who came to the party!
W.fakeperfection.com
One last spin of the Luongo anthem then it's bedtime for this guy.
Night tweeps..
who is joining my fit challenge come 'on ladies
America a rich mans vision, but a poor mans prison.
ok so when is it?
And where?
thanks a bunch!!
:
im soo excited for BELIEVE HECKK YEAH BELIEBERE over HERE.
You will always have my support  please RT:
I'm unsure why some people feel the need to wear Chanel No.
5 to the gym.
Ah.
Just click the follow button please 3
: thanks for following!
I just followed you back!
:DThanks
you can put tickets into someone elses name, call the box office and tell them you want someone else to pick them up
People keep saying..
oh look at the bags under your eyes.
Not getting much sleep huh?
Yeah, no shit.
Good Luck!!!!
idk thats not what del cuadoctor told me but watev hey no one call or txt me , the cops still have my phone
You gonna fly with me.
you think that he will finish the game out if the score in Bot 8?
Being public makes Trello accountable; lively; personal.
Helps them stay tuned in to their users' most critical interests
how did testing go?
A wise traveler never despises his own country.
William Hazlitt
FF love back to you!
Happy Friday!
You got that right!
: Finishing the week on a positive note, thanks to for the words of advice.
DontSLACQ
this is awesome!
thanks brotha!!!
Ill do my best....
We Bought a Zoo...what a great movie!
I laughed, I cried, it really moved me, Bob!
: what part are you in?
gate c  tequeria where are u?
Home Prices Fall Again but Show Slight Improvement
I'm going to read my intro and then give one example.
Also guessing we'll want to aim for 2000 max
Can't believe we're almost to 700 followers this movement is growing so fast.
togetherwearestrong!
no.
It's my iPod.
Have some free time tomorrow or Fri?
Stop by anytime between 10am5pm  help us with a mailer!
Call us  2773367 if you can come.
Reuters: how do you get a viable 3rd party candidate?
Ballot access hard.
People hungry for alternative, time might be ripe.
i can type ariana grande with my eyes shut
HIV test NEGATIVE ;  STI test results ina week but I think we all know what the Result Will Be!
GUCCI!
same to you!
I felt the earth shake a bit when I read those two words that close together.
I'm thinking back now...
MLA in the '80's?
It must have been a French word processor!
ducks
The new maroon 5 and wiz song is amazing.
what's good son?!
looks like you guys got hacked
ha that means saw my body on the big screen  did I look like Gerard Butler in 300?
Julianne Moore does a great job
I hope so you were headed for a triple bypass with what you were eating!
Take care.
Everyone is enjoying watching the super bowl while Im in bed going to sleep because it is after midnight here.
this time difference is
Almost two years in DFW, I suppose it's time to become a Ranger and fan no?
For the Pacquiao fight, Mayweather needs mister McMahon to swag walk out during his entrance
We are working on that right now.
I give yall the sweet sixteen st Johns will beat y'all
ok im fona check it out
Turn my music up....
A little more...
O right there.
Last night I sang the high F above the staff.
It was an easy awesome feeling.
Cheers to learning!
Forreal doe it is.
Everybody please RT this and Follow to help stop bullying it is my dosomething.org accounts twitter.
Please help and support us.D
this made me snort coffee through my nose.
Um.
Thank you?
When my doctor asks me if I get regular physical activity can I count Wii Sports?
Hm...
u always got me want'n food doctorp....lol....
must see the Bill Cunningham documentary at www.filmforum.org before it leaves the best man ever in NYC captainred on film
I need to slow down!!
Enjoying a cold Labatts beer for my birthday
exam time!
about time.
bring back goodies from Turkey please!
Started sprouting chickpeas 2nite.
Still embarrassed I thought the canned ones were raw.
First day of classes..
And the bus has already fucked me over.
icantgoadaywithout JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!!!!!!!!
please tell me that Kim K is preggers with Kanye's baby.
I don't care whether it's true...if you tell me it is I believe!
I can!
My class is linking their blogs to their twitter accounts
I tried and failed to see THE REAL THING , but I will NOT miss A LITTLE NIGHT MUSIC, damnit.
Good morning and congrats!
:
This is a little off for my tweets, but has anyone had NonHodgkins Lymphoma?
I've had it twice  would like to hook with others who have.
NO BABY SWEAT IT OUT
The comments will always be that way haha.
The wild west in there, really.
The best defense in flood control.
Ecosandbag.
14.5 ounces to 35lbs in minutes.
Just submerse in water for 35 mins.
Rapid deployment
1 more.to a thousand followers!
On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by giving free Xbox consoles and Kinect bundles to the viewers.
: Habla usted español?
lol...sorry, I'm really bored today.
I'll stop being annoying...I promise, I think.
lol ok
I'm a little tempted to Frankies for lunch.
hahaa shit's expensive there too huh?
same with miami .
lol
Just got an email from a business contact asking if I survived the rapture.
Ah Mondays :
And future self, if you have a time machine and aren't sharing it with me, you're a bastard.
yea I jus listened to a couple songs you weak as hell lol I'm playin you pretty good
7 in double figures!
Spurs starting playoffs very well.
Missed my NYC radio show.
Oh well next Tuesday it's on.
I'm a serenade the city with vulgar rude jokes.
I wish would follow me: it would totally make my day
Guess the Herald Jinx wasn't an issue, congrats
yeah bitch yeah bitch call me steveo!
Mgk for life 3
Then get that salad a MasonDixon Line; the customer always comes first, Tom!
I just fell in the club I hope I don't get put out...!!
my eyeliner broke...fml
The plan.
Head from Perla to the cigar store.
Smoke  read for a couple of hours.
Then come back for dinner.
Oh yeaahhhh.
our job is to look good, not to strategize
He's just taking up space, it could have been worse, though
I can't believe i get to see this weekend.
Is this real life?
Janet Jackson reveals new, slimmer bod  USA TODAY
A video with practical tips about when and how to do a website redesign for the best marketing results
and I just cant sit back and wallow in my own sorrow but I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow  BestSingerOf2011 3
Good morning...I don't wanna take my exam today :/
Day 4 of the non payment by kdol.last time this happened it took 15 days to renew looks like I'll have to try to rescheduly my ticket.
Lol do you always wear contacts or do u wear glasses too?
hey thanks for the follow man!
Help us get 10,000 Followers on Twitter by the END of 2010 and we will choose a follower to WIN a 1000 to our Shop Site!
If ur good at something, u wait to get paid to do it.
It looked like a routine fly ball
we've got corn tortillas on hand, but they normally come with flour.
Publishers concerned about bad metadata added, recipients complain that pubs give bad or no metadata on what they need
way to copy my tweet.
:p
The History of INTEL  Sonyericsson ThemesFree Downloadand ...
heyy can you please follow  briannabell 3 thanks so much xo please get her as many followers as possible u wont regret it!
Maybe next time!
New laptop.
.
Let's all be credits to our racethe human race.
End racism, sexism, homophobia, and other forms of prejudice now.
Praying for you tonight.
May God bless you and show himself to you greater than ever before!
Sample recordings are up on the page, check them out ;
Anyone on here got the new Xbox Live update yet?
It hasn't rolled my way yet
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
Hello : I hope you're having a nice day 
That would have been 15 rows back too.
30 minutes from Yankee Stadium yes?
ok we gonna have to see about getting you to a couple games if you want
small intestine is where most of the digestion occurs, is helps your body absorb the needed nutrients from food
Entering to win a 25 certificate giveaway at
But stating/publicizing that an updated EO is somehow a vast new power grab is irresponsible.
honestly I like the fans, they give a sht and are passionate.
But yeah it's fun to beat them, haha.
Thanks for the TEDMED tweets!
I feel smarter reading them, which is has probably not actually happened.
RT : Amen to that!!!
Safe travel today, and have fun!
: RT Thank God for another day!// Thank you!!
There's homework in this class.
Bo!
Tony campana is the man.
btw, Dear I wish we could pin our own featured tweets to the top of our page...
like Facebook.
Sincerely, me.
no more makin' you cry, no more grey skies
I hate that we need a history lesson to understand man's inhumanity to man
s voice just have me chills.
says Dallas Clark IS coming to Denver.
u r the best guy ever
Religious wishful thinking: imagining that if man plays helpless, God will eventually take pity and make it all better.
Pleasantly surprised to see not one, but TWO higher ed themed sessions on today's iappsummit schedule!
fall for his shit bitch.
I think I jinxed them with my Game 3 in Dallas comparisons.
that was a solid firstdegree burn right there.
They better be!!
RT : noo the young dudes are ready
Waking up next to a beautiful girl, step outside  say hello to my beautiful world.
I ain't tryna be funny , I'm just tellin the truth !
The wiz is on too!!!
Yay
can you wish a Happy Birthday ?:
Happy that it's finally raining in the city which means some midweek powder riding at Cypress mountain only 30 min doctorve
Got you
Just had an interesting  humorous convo w/ an aspiring photog.
Very nice bokeh sounded offensive to her until we explained what it was.
yes, unfortunate developments in copyright.
Strong gusts should continue for at least another hourstill breezy after that.
Thanks for pics you are sending to !
Is there Roger Mayweather language translation?
SAP doesn't seem to do it.
ImThatPersonWho can get really annoyed or mad at something or someone
waiting for john 3
Great Sunday ALL AROUND WITH Chilling at the house just her and I.
greatdaynnight  no one I rather be with
So not into the gangsta life
THX!
RT : did you know RN is following both of us  are giving 100 of proceeds to save the dolphins in Japan.
Sharks are like the puppies of the sea 
A business only twitter?
finally made me a sandwich
No but we hear gun shots in our hotels rooms all the time
It is the petty expenses that empty the purse.
Italian Proverb
this is like waiting for the O.J.
Verdict come on already
man, that's the worst.
Wasting everyone's time RT : I love it when people put a conference call on hold.
Going to see Avengers on mother's day because my mum is awesome:
: When Newt sits around the House he REALLY sits around the House.
oh, because he was Speaker...oh, that's funny
Fine line between early dating game playing and outright manipulation I suppose.
Like birds whose wings are broken You live without direction.
bvb
for the presale.
Okay I will set it up first thing tomorrow.
I already have three other RP accounts haha
Good bye 20's bring on the 30's!
Aint nuttin wrong wit that!
RT : Wish I had a boo...maybe spoil him a lil...Js, Gucci!!
Whatever he wants....!!!!!
Distance should not matter if both people care.
theres too much unfinished shit in my doctorfts folder.
Stay Fly!!
You are welcome, hope it was wonderful!
it was good seeing you the other day!
I love your store and will definitely be back to buy some more stuff :
Suspect I'm missing something.
Agree; offline would be better.
I'm following them it's like building a SEAL team it takes work!
thanks 4 being cool with my daughter  pachangafest.
I introduce her to artists all the time n u guys r the only 1s she dug
CSuite execs are shifting to a nontext web  54 of executives share online videos with colleagues at least weekly
wherever the doctornks are , lol
I am standing on the promises of GOD!
My toddler is so cute when he watches 's Ruby's Studio!
ClubPS3 ClubiPad2 You guys as excited as I am for the doctorwing to see who wins a PS3?
insidetheactorsstudio is awesome
Going To Sleep Early Today!!!
I'm good how's NYC??
Wow Patriots!!!
Lost for words
just watched Music Monday7!!
Nice!!
What type of home are you looking for and where?
Thanks for waking me up 
Since we are still on winter break for Taft..
Heading to the beach for
Verlander getting out dueled by the royals Sanchez and bullpen.
That's right the Royals.
When presenting a concern to upper mgmt, bring a solution or be ready to be told to go find it.
GRAND SLAM!!!
: hey sexxy hello
sorry meant is going to present too
Dear Snooki, he's cheating.
I love your highlights !
You look so pretty :
Vegan beef today!
please add print outs of Johnny Cash and Andy Warhol to you this sign for me!
If you are not listening to the 2 Live Stews and you are a true sports fan , you are missing out!
2livestews.com
updating a business plan...
painful.
Jammin' to some hard tunes, that should get me nice and ready for the day!
Show the love!
Garrard, being a Dolphins player means all quotes turn into grim foreshadowing.
Garrard: I want them to cart me off the field
glad to hear the surgery went well.
Nothing wrong with GT5 for a little RR ;
why do i hate getting up in the morning so much .
Does anyone feel there are benefits to technology and social media?
Send your rain  hail video and pictures and any wind damage to !
I find it funny.
TissotTimeOut do u pack lips in practice skoal or grizz?
: I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.i hope so lol
sounds good i just pitch...
guess ill get to know you in a few months haha
I dont have time now to check out guys and girls...huh fml i need texting buddies!!!!
A brand is no longer what we tell the consumer it is  it is what consumers tell each other it is.
Scott Cook
It turned out there was a temple trip after all.
My names were given to the Stevens Point branch.
They did about half.
Hurry home, lover.
whats good with the music are u looking for new artist?
Fear not those who argue but those who dodge.
Haven't been up this early in a while...and I'm actually UP
whole note: what's due after failing to pay the mortgage for a year.
Just got back from a great Will Hoge show at Pianos in NYC, thanks Ryko for the invite!
Fresh from SUSPENSION too!
: Tough times don't last tough people do!!!!!
oh yeah
Oh, Ruby, how I've missed you.
Very Nice  Glad You Dug the WUL Posts :
No, It's not really me.
All the proof anyone should need in the digital age.
I'm sold.
im always gonna be Alexs Girl
somebody didnt get a unicorn for his 16th birthday!!
bitter :
Speaking of food, off to Willy's to meet up with
Sick buddies FTW : hahah
joey wiz has fame?
i'll take that.
Thanks so much!
We appreciate your help and tweet.
:
20 days til I leave for Rome!
all the lights in northern maine go out at 9:01
nothing is free....make money or DIE
Magnum ice cream.
For pleasure seekers.
Really?
The fact that I love you
The breeze is all cool on my booty.
giggles
Hey loves33
RIP headphones :'
seekingthetruthandthetruthshallberevealed follow me and I will follow u rite back :
I look forward to learning from you also Enock!
Warmly, Jeris
looking forward to it!
Started off the mornin with the wild 2 year olds!!
They're so stinkin cute but I swear I got sunburnt playin outside with them
Can't want to my summer break to hang out more with frens and family doing me no stress
Oh Gosh...
Yea idk about dancing lolol
Best biscuits and gravy in town!
RT : Just committed to yet another lunch meeting at next week.
And I said  I'm just a little bit 
Good morning everyone :
Portlander spends all day at the bar complaining to his friends about how lame football is.
Watches 8 hours of games in the process.
is my inspiration.....just thank u.
love u.
You are never too old to set another goal or to doctoram a new doctoram.C.S.
Lewis
It's the year 2012.
I'm scouring my office for a Windows XP CD because Microsoft sucks balls at being a company.
Happy new year!
Efrain's II hoppin tonight, and no one makes a better marg in town...ask 4 a white lighting...hands down best silver rita in town.
.
GT and 5 hour energy doctornk.
Sounds better than a jäger bomb!
What's the secret to working out of place of Rest than Striving?
Plz share!
When do you work next?
: Hey there's a new coalition: Coalition for Responsible Convention Center Planning.
Welcome to the party.
ha ha.
this girls got me mad confused
sorry I somehow lost track of when u r in la?
Ox
i'm so bored I need somethin outdoors to do
Hi to our Newest Followers!
We anticipate volunteering w/ u.
Pls RT!
:
Glad you had a great experience.
Pat rocks!
Congrats to on winning 75 in Routledge books!
I'll DM you with instructions for claiming your prize!
so i live in nycc but i prefer tea..im not considered odd right?
LOOL ;
When a guy tells you he loves you, don't believe it.
Wait until he shows you.
Patriot fans already showing up to get seats.
A few Tebow fans as well!
cheesy but I wanna hear ur voice hah
They told you that you had to buy new eyeglass frames just to get new lenses?
Shameful!
Heading the EBA event tonight at OddFellows on Leary Way in Redmond.Should be a great event with EBA, Biznik and Woodinville Chamber.
Great work!
RT : I don't even think I debuted my new site to the SYSoul and WDS folks.
Here is the result: www.heyshenee.com
Is it sad that the only thing I think is worth my time right now is work?
Meh.
hm.
not sure
From Vince 7:44pm: flood advisory for Milwaukee County until 10:30pm.
Storms should be east by 8:30pm.
shame I don't fly out till mid day.
Next time :
good to hear :
Another consideration: what if you deliver not a product but a process?
I guess so...
I'm confused about the whole thing, if I'm being honest.
likewise Pops!
I will stop in to say hello next time I am in your hood.
RT : Take the management team, and teach them how to BE the threat.
They will do the rest for you!
Good advice.
According to my Union Contract, I don't work on weekends.
That means the phone goes off and sits in my van until Monday.
Going to Happy Hour
so your coming?
You never met stephania???
Oxys sister?
Its brutal.
This is my 3rd Mothers day and ironically tomorrow is my last day.
Fuck my ass
oh and nice to see you after ages and ages haha and meet Wyatt!
come get me out of it :
The 44th district is one of the poorest, if not the poorest, districts in Maryland.
she has maxed out the sexiness.
She's almost too hot and idk if that even makes sense
Great day touring Toronto, Ontario!
Tomorrow teaching some elementary students music in Guelph, Ontario Should be fun times!
thatsafirst!
ok then I'm really old too cuz I have a cardinal that lives in my yard  I LOVE HIM!
I have been looking at this same sheet of paper for 30mins smh
Actually hoping tonight's RangersOrioles game gets cancelled.
O's bullpen needs the rest.
Coach Shaw: Keep on Working
Great and you?
:
mom just got mad at me for eating too much Nutella.
.
.
that is a SUPER WEIRD coincidence.
pull off on these lil niggas
Also a bit amazed he even hits .140.
bummer for you!
Go to class and learn something.
Not all guys are tha same
You win some, you lose some....
What are some other ways to prepare kale?
I've sauteed, steamed and used in soup?
I wont lie but i have no service at the oment
Dam I'm hearing bad news bout my boy Todd I hope he not dead fuck man
well he better wake the fuck up lmao
If yu n LA this Sunday come support ya twitter patna DPimpn.
Me and the crew performin 4 AfterMath Jive Sony Universal Records.Thank yu GOD
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
congrats sir.
that's a good thing.
BOOK PUB has been RESCHEDULED for NOVEMBER 10.
Please make a note of it!
:
love how chingo just kept it real, that's last thing I heard b4 clocking n.
Great way 2 start my day!
:
Media screwed up again.
I'm not shopping the Orioles.
I'm shopping FOR the Orioles.
Showalter needed beef jerky and body wash from Target.
the Tan Bar is now on Twitter!
Be sure to follow us to get the latest updates, specials and information!
I said I was going to stop but there are so many great tracks on this writing mix...
S/O to my Manager !
hahaha not gonna be that girl !
Watch for christmas ima want another phone !
Just reached 200 followers...Let's keep the momentum going!
Please recommend us to as many Newark residents as possible.
Thx for your help.
I said you wanted the old nick back and he wants to be that guy again so go back out with him and be happy .
.
It's about that time...
any chance of stocking the third kit?
Thank you Tiffany , Mallesh, and Mati Medar for you friendship.
also hoping I can play guitar for ur yoga class again sometime soon; that was great!
Hope you enjoyed...did you try the pot roast sandwich?
: Skyview will play for 4A state title.
Storm just beat Gonzaga Prep 6350.GSHL let's get 2 go prairie
Survived red eye!!!
Sweet home Chicago!
the page explaining how to deactivate an account was written for an old account management page and guess what's missing from the new one
No, seriously.
RT: Zombies in orange floaties on next BarCampRoc Tshirt.
Who's With me?
As often as you are there I am surprised they don't have a Collette Burger...
Yay!
RT Well, we just created the Beinecke Library's first accession record in the Archivists' Toolkit.
Yell khadafi in the hallway at school and watch how mony people turn around and cover their buttholes
Had a great day with my babe 3 On the bus home now .
the list goes on and on.
but maybe not for sports?
Congrats on being named a TUF coach and my thoughts and prayers are with your family.

RT : Yellow chick with curly hair.
RT : I got some bomb ass head from a  
MINDS: Grade inflation has made it difficult for not only students, but also for educators.
we are thinking somewhere in Nolita.
There are a ton of options there.
How is 8:30?
CHECK OUT OUR MUSIC PAGE www.myspace.com/dastreetzmusicgroup
Oh real world.
122 emails...voicemails...no heat in the offices.
You're making this come back tougher than necessary!
.
ha I can barely spell myself and its hallelujah
Proverbs 16:28 A dishonest man spreads strife,and a whisperer separates close friends.
RT : indianapolis restauraneurs: if i can't find your addoctorss on the opening page, fire whoever designed your pretty website
Aww!
I just listen too the most cutest message my mother left on my cellphone.
I just  my mommyBAMM.
Sorry I haven't been postingit's hard to get wifi down here at the Occupy protest.
thank you sweets ;
i have to bring my 2 year old brother..
He is like obsessed with Justin : haha its all because of me :P
problem with nprapi is it's custom  storycentric; few others out there doing similarly.
devs are lazy, won't try too hard.
went to wake the kid up from his nap because i needed to make an iced coffee run and realized what an awful human being i really am.
its not the voice in the singer, its the singer in the voice HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN, AND RESPECT TO AUSTIN
I hear doctor Hill on the come back check it out he can really sing he just got cought up in a bad record deal artist beware slaves to industry
I saw the Avengers last night too!
It was great!!!
Loved Hulk in it.
homemade angel food cake really is heavenly...
har har!
ATT: customer service responders sign their responses so users know they're talking to a person.
I just doctornk it, right?
Lmao hahahahahahaha funniest thing I have heard all day: haha I feel so bad for you
At Safeco with for Jack Foster's first Mariners game.
Loved 's I Shall Be Released cover at
are you comin to explode tomorrow?
Wishing you beautiful Thursday!
Hate theology.
Stay lifted in prayer 3
Tonights the night boys and girls !
:
Just Got Off, How You Been ?
that's what the hell I said
oh you're the future of the economy?
HERE'S SOME MASSIVE PERSONAL DEBT!
YAAAAAAAAAAAY kills self and you wonder why we don't buy houses
Trying to justify a cupcake for breakfast right now
We are always looking for potential client NPOs.
in the DC to partner with.
If you know an org looking for photos or film, pls let us know!
awe cute pic : any of the F5P make it out?
..i didn't get a reminder 
I'm done with Glee.
Thank you.
Get yo mind right
Very interesting mix of people at this show.
Young, middle  older ages, hipsters, geeks and suburbanites.
Good songwriting unites us all!
.
Actually I don't.
I mean argue for their interests to be part of a wellfunctioning state.
I did this  did you?
Text HAITI to 90999  donate 10 to the Red Cross to help with relief efforts, charged to your cell phone bill.
cop told school he couldn't do anything.
Ja!!!
I got him in control, he stayed at school, all ok.
Welcome home :
DOH!
those pesky 2 named cities of rocks and forts!
glad to see you're putting that iPhone to work.
Im tired of these delays!!
Ready for finish the CD!
Its taking a while but we will be done soon enough!
: Great to see you often on TV these days!
li li
Enjoy!
Saw their shows last year at the Pabst.
:
No spicy foods or exercise  need to cultivate Zenlike calm until surgery, to avoid another attack.
1st 2 are entirely doable.
Naw really......Who Gives a Fucc
Home made chicken noodle soup
The awkward moment when you think you're doing really well in Mario Kart and then realize you've been looking at the wrong screen.
Happy MF Day!!!!
Glad to See another day  year, 27 yrs down 60 more to go,hopefully more.
Happy Birthday to mr
: True : battery life  digital access.
Great game, IU!
Valiant effort.
movebi
I hate everyone today  c u next tuesdayss
What is the last song your heard on TV and immediately looked up and/or purchased?
Thank you very much, John!
Just took WAY too long to get a cab in a city with 13 million plus
I agree.
Did you see the new FB privacy features?
I included a link in my other post.
Got tickets for Christmas for 3 different shows!!!!!
I'm so excited!!!!!!!!
One down, Two more to go on Thursday.
I'm actually going to have to study, not excited
Gravy Justin Bieber
Panel was great, and fab to meet and in person!
Thx again for setting up our success.
Glad to hear all are...
I'm delighted to have my former professorssor from Villanova, John Immerwahr, in town to give a talk  univ Tulsa on pedagogy and grading.
I agree Lakers in 5.
My preseason pick was Thunder to win it all...but man LA is looking good.
Bynum is the key to errrthing
It wasn't!
We swear!
Thanks for RT...
the only one I watch anymore is The Office anyway :
we really should!
Road trip class of 2012
a hard trait for most young leaders.
How do we help them grow I this character trait?
Why are the MASN Orioles commercials so freakin loud??
Here fishy fishy fishy!!!
Cod, salmon, chowder, and the nicest staff EVER!!!
Just in time for Summerfest, 94 west is back open to 3 lanes.
Its a good night at the Press Club
Softball: Senior day for Wilsonville vs St Helens at 5 pm honoring 4 'Cats: , Nicole Gearhart, Josie Walter
I will check with McGrawHill!
But it should be on the way, we send them addoctorsses as soon as we get them.
Stay tuned...
Than let's just let the same old faces 2 ruin, rape  plunder.
; Brilliant !!!
Gif mania on facebook.
Now u kno Wat type job u gotta do to get that rite lol
Our annual Spring Concert is Saturday May 7th!
We are concerned for you.
And sending help.
;
le no uu
Woo Hoo 60 tickets sold to the game for
Hamilton and some kid and then Sydney h and some other girl?
why yes I am!
Ok...next on to do list.
I wanted to create a customized template but text links may be my best bet!
Thx!
Was there a basketball game on tonight?
KU Vs UK?
I didnt know that England had a basketball team...
I am feeling really Hostile right now..
Smh  I hate people that try and use others  umm um GNite  nap b4 work
Woke up with my humps in my head and now thanks to it's all about the benjamins nonstop.
My 10 yr old daughter and I started our day at 2 a.m.
e.d.t.
Nothing like jet lag....
Much appreciated!
Fatherhood is THE work, I am learning.
Wow!
Happy Saturday to you both!
Thanks for sharing.
I am looking forward to this.
Please keep me posted!
Thanksgiving in august with !
thanks Michael : congratulations!
Can you bring me DayQuil.
James got me sick!
See you tonight
baby boy im jus tryna kick it No Cuffin ;
Donated blood...
Now off to work!
Happy st.
Patty's day!!!!
Get the brand new Meek Mills I'm Rollin got a kick to it.
Listening to Not Your Average American its an amazing song :D Need more followers so follow me and ill follow back
Lt they're so hostile toward each other now..
RT : A friend in the UK just started her biz as a Jewelry Designer I am helping her get votes for her 1st comp....
Thanks Jan ...
lots going on here!
Bill Clinton this morning ...
and much more to come ...
Today has been...interesting, to say the least.
Very interesting.
I'll be writing a blog post about it tonight, so keep a lookout.
Oh boy!
As sure as the spring will follow the winter, prosperity and economic growth will follow recession.
Bo Bennett
If anyone cries that Hart should've bunted with Greinke on deck, you should be punched in the neck.
tks!
Have a great day :
you go girl!
have fun at your first work event for the rec!
I figured that
Active Listening Is Not Something I Do Unless I Get Paid For It
successfully wrote a resume, awww yeah
Honestly, who wouldn't love San Diego?
Upgraded the Warehouse by reaching level 10 in the Criminal career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation3
What's the deal ?
Its 2 for 1 doctornks, but only if you ask?
I just bought two doctornks and paid for both.
Is there a secret password?
thnx i was confused.
hm, you seem like a Scientific American reader.
Unlucky for the axford.
Need this win!
Add to my bucket list: Get elbowed in the head by a guy named World Peace
Thanks for the shout out!
We hope you'll be in the LAarea yourself sometime during our six week run :
In need of rest
You call it a short temper.
I call it a quick reaction to bs.
basketball court got me done off
Part of me can't believe I just watched a documentary on the showbiz pizza robotic band, but most of me CAN believe it.
Intriguing battle shaping for All Blacks halfback
Bilingual: adjective.
Able to speak two languages with the facility of a native speaker comprendoctors?
Why why why did I decide that a 6:30 flight wouldn't be too bad.
Because I enjoy suffering apparently
Was thrilled to get L.A.
Noire but it crashes before I ever get a chance to play.
Merry Christmas not
revenge is getting so good!
The actors told me a few weeks ago it's going to get WAY insane
I am so confused: ..
Watching Mulan while being sick?
I'm always up for a good laugh.
I'llTakeIt
then buy one now!
It's shit.
And if you enjoy watching it, you're shit by proxy.
thanks cousin!
RT : I've been asked what offense I run that has allowed us to be successful.
My answer: Read  React.
Just looked it up, and I'm so glad I didit's like Roman sacrificial turducken!
Check out www.scoresluda.com for free cover passes and other promotional offers.
Come find out what makes us the best club in the Chicago.
ThatAwkwardMoment when you call ya lover another persons name OO
People are saying that will forget about us He said that won't happen so why are people freaking out?
Do you thing he's lying?
If you sign up to be friends with me you gotta realize what you're getting yourself into.
The Great Spirit is in all things, he is in the air we breathe.
Lone Man Teton Sioux
Ack!
I can't get The Reeling on Manners by out of my head.
i believe in gentle harmony well how i loathe all this obscenity
We took a stroll down our road to have a peep!
; xx
Pow.
RT : People that hate people are the people they hate too.
Cigarroa on S Texas medical school: This is a house built on rock.
Sufficient operating funds needed, either UT or local.
Thanks to the Pearl Brewery for having us at the Pearl Studio for our ADDY Judging!!
ur Way to fake
Trying to go to bed but thinking of something else to tweet  
Auditions went well.
I should know something by Thursday.
The most annoying thing to me is being talked down too.
In my Jamaican voice.
Blood clot, I have as much God given since as you do.
I'm jealous
Rick Santorum just got glittered!
Feel the rainbow!
No hate in our state!
glitterati 4/4!
Happy 4th of July weekend to all of our wonderful followers!!
Checking out shows to go in NYC.
Appreciate it!
RT :
this is my song
tks nothing better than watching you coach!
Morning BeLove's!
May your day be blessed!
MostOfTheTime I put a smile on to hide away all the tears ...
the bears and bucs  really?
you giving the tickets away?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
I JUST PEED He took me to this really pretty garden in the backyard.
WTF xD
phdadvice Re: grant proposals  get experienced people who've received grants  work in range of disciplines to comment on early doctorfts.
This story is getting out of hand.
I just want to say that officially.
Thank you Karen et al.
Trying out and loving it!
Thanks for the invite.
is the soundtrack now lodged in your brain?
good morning
We are almost at 1k followers, awesome!
Going to the pool!
RT Thank you social media for fueling my narcissism and then professorting off of it.
: Show some puppy love with these...
Please just get naked already.
Thanks.
Signed, Everyone.
My voice is gone.
Son of a bitch.
I need some new followers..follow me and I will follow u
Everyone loves you when you got money
These history journals 
I'm really thinking of voting for Coriolanus Snow this November.
Better president than either candidate.
This old grandpa creepin me out
thanks, Paul!
not too bad lol.
yes yelling st the TV to keep his eyes on the road
I work as a digital marketing coordinator for Kohler downtown.
What about you?
bed time bedtime :P bedtime lol
Email Marketing: Are you sending out emails just for the sake of sending them out or do you offer something of value to your customers?
My account supports Baeza, I don't talk about events that are coming up for him .
if you want that info, follow  .
Yesterday's karate reunion reminded me of the bonds only knuckle pushups can forge.
Major hugs for my old friends!
I guess it's better than the other end:
I agree!
Much better than Tom Jones' cover of Prince's KISS!!!!
awesome!
:D thank you!
a treat to see this afternoon at , ADORABLE popup tea shop in Silverlake.
Spice Station/Sunset Blvd.
last days!
Big Trouble in Little China.
Congrats on the GMAT.
Which business schools are you considering?
yeah it was...they are still a work in progress
Rock on.
Help those social sector barriers come toppling down
We look forward to your blogs from CoreNet.
We will be at the Orlando Summit in October.
You will cave.
doesrunningmanoutoftheroom
natgas THANKS for the heads up!
Hpe you are well!
R
I am gonna play a tourney Saturday.
Depending on what happens, I'm probably taking a break.
The bad beats are getting to me.
How the hell did no one catch that?
RT : Mavs charging 5 for tickets to watch Game 6, 5 for parking  concessions will be open.
Proceeds go to Mavs Foundation.
At the Orthodontist waiting for Ethan, watching some lady tear a recipe out of a magazine.
Thought those mags were for EVERYONE
If anyone is interested in assisting me, is it copacetic to have them email me off list?
Fellas: dont ask for the kiss..
Steal it
but props to having a new phone tomorrow courtesy of fedex!!
hoping for 10am.
MartinezNews thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
That's so gross!
There's not even any meat in it.
Put bacon on top.
Midwest Cooking
hungergames I may have gotten a silver balloon
Awesome.
Next step, get girlfriend.
After another knee surgery the leg is finally starting to heal!
Hi, I'm Robert Pattinson.
I enjoy ducking paparazzi, sparkling in the sun, a doctornk or six on occasion, and long walks on the beach with my
Toy Story 3 was awesome
Now you're my whole life.
Now you're my whole day.
I just can't believe the way I feel about you.
Like a river meets the sea.
Hoping this Syracuse vs Wisconsin game doesn't put me to sleep before the OSU vs UC game
If only my heart had wings to see you so it would relax then return..
yep.
But he's staying as gm.
Tonight!
Happy hour!
We love food.
We love doctornks.
We especially love Buffalo Blues for having us.
Hope to see you tonight.
Happy Anniversary!
RT : Classing it up for trivia 2night at because the Bill Paxtons have been a team for 1 yr.
Idk why but I'm so proud I can belch like a man hahaha
Today was awesome ; but the volleyball game had lots of screaming involved which that gave me a total fucking headache :'
haha its rank
is so sexy;
It was so great meeting u!
I gotta take your cycling class someday...
It'll probably kick my butt.
I just wanted to say that I thought it was really cool how everything fell apart in there.
yOU aRE mY QUEEN :
looking for cool people in the local nightlife industry to feature in our august nightlife issue ...
email me your ideas at
great points/analysis; thanks!
Hope the Grant  Co are doing well
To my sista needs you to make sure that the speech doesn't die and become words that wither away.
i was jus kidding haha I not really going she's only;
Life is a foreign language; all men mispronounce it.
When you can't understand what the asian ladies at the nail salon are saying to you so you just nod.
i knew it was great for international callsI used to use it to comm w/someone in the UK.
But 4 someone in the US....hm
but it's all Gucci 
stupid white chick in a movie slipping on water while the monster is chasing her o.0!
ready for August to be here vacationtime :
Good night Entourage and True Blood...good morning Sunny in Philly and Kenny Powers.
The party keeps going...
yup, VPC and nonVPC groups can't see each other.
Did you know that black rice was identified as a hot trend in 2012 by nearly 1800 chefs surveyed by the National Restaurant Association?
better than being stuck watching basketball while reading Martin Luther, I should have come home.
normal for us :
just tweet.
GoodNight 33
you can't do that
Taste of Life tomorrow evening in our ballroom.
Tics may still be available: www.hihaf.org.
Come on out for a good cause.
For those of you curious, the Schticky will pick up bone fragments.
u ask me that question everyday lol...soon hopefully
NowSmoking Little Bill from the Family Series watching the Giants roll  Signature
The harder thing is getting CSS that works with Explorer  bash is easy by comparison.
RT : Watch the Giants game w/ US!!
Lagunitas IPA and Pulled Pork Nachos!
I'm thirsty.
Going out for ice and water.
Maybe a stop at a public restroom.
Work 12 to 4 come visit 
You're in the 'hood !
Thanks for sharing the great pic of Wrigley Field.
Next time we'll have to treat you to a cosmo at Sidetrack!
It's too many niggas in MKE that act like girls I can't deal man the fuck up
To the queen city, I hope you're ready for a Paulson!
For good reason....isn't it enough that Rush Limbaugh is on Armed Forces Radio?
OtherThanHonorable He should be in the brig.
: From now on, I'm gonna be nice..
: Unfollow lol just kidding.
Good luck with the nice stuff
Unless you're packing bitesized candies.
Or labeling boxes with disney princesses instead of rooms.
Cinderellakitchen.
Chedda : Derrick Rose's new Adidas deal will guarantee him 185 million over 13 years...incentives pushes it over 200M.
You would not believe your eyes if ten million fireflies lit up the world as I fell asleep.
::owl city::fireflies::
it's coo, and ya I deff could have if I din already do my homework :p, i got a HEAVYSHOW fa u real soon tho...
I am trying to convince my hubs we should adopt a dog to help with overcrowding.
Any advice on how to sway him?
Just saw a promo 4 a show with you on HGTV and it had you as Kris Kardashian!
Does Bruce ever get offended?
done hun xo :
A press release tells me that Jefferson Starship guitarist Craig Chaquico is a major force on the contemporary jazz landscape.
knowledge is so incredibly sexy....I've tapped into a new chapter of life, loving it!
Have a Good Night and stay warm......I will be doctornking a hot cup of green tea and watch this movie a friend doctorpped off
Most of you are from NYC.
What's the name of your favorite bar and where and why tag
WLF Lawyers is now a member of the Glendale Chamber of Commerce!
that's easy and simple She's my Mom!
nothing else needs be said MomsHeart!
she doing gud.....she's at her mother's house until Thursday
you all are so inspiring!!!
You would make my day if you followed thanks :
doctorving through Mississippi !
Thought of you!
Q: How does Ariana calls the moment when she's replying most of her mentions?
The Tweet .
Can college come please
Gorgeous weather ahead for the weekend here in San Francisco!
What will you be doing to enjoy it?
happyeaster to my friends and family!
Go Red Heart Match allows you to connect oneonone with women so you can support each other through your experience with heart disease...
and I have to settle for being at the game in New York in two weeks
Girls want a lot of things from one guy.
Ironically, guys want one thing from a lot of girls.
I love Emery's.
Great selection  AMAZING service.
They resize my kids bikes every spring for free!
I have dodged my last Dutch bike for a while.
How can I leave Holland?
woow the things i do for you!
your welcome haha cant believe your too lazy to set ur own twitter account up!!!!!;
I can't wait til fro yo/sephora next Wednesday.
I'm trying really hard not to give in a go to fro yo without you.
We'll be recording at 2pm central, so if you have any questions, just tweet us.
We'll answer them onair.
;
Likewise!
Great to finally meet in person and thanks again for the invitation.
hey!
bring yo comp next time you come ova.
bizsnatch.
Followan awesome woman who can help you put the relate into relationships !
Bridesmaids is the funniest movie ever!
:
I know!
But they are getting paint thrown on them, I might yell...yeah that works, see you soon, eta?
Bring mm
Great meeting you today !
Don't hesitate to reach out if you need anything while you're in Colorado!
Best of Luck To You!!
Fact: Not all spring water was created equal.
Especially not Wawa spring water.
LOL, good.
I didn't mean it the wrong way!
I meant you went from place to place today ;
: Gordon Hayward is the youngest man alive was just thinking this exact thing
You've been dating for a day, you aren't in love, shut up.
thank you for the mention.
I hope to make my way to SC this fall!
I love it there!
the piece really is great, and I'm always surprised about the ways good soc history is forgotten.
Kurt Wolff anyone?
Glad my dad has 200,000 worth of tools or I'd never get anything done!
I never have the right tools.
Relax  Frankie We could all learn something from Frankie.
What do slurs and Mondays have in common?
Nobody likes them unless something special happens
no, and probably never will
im sorry, but if someone you know dies they are not in heaven wtf
when do you have a workshop for Encino/Tarzana/Woodland Hills?
good luck on your first day.
Hope ya don't get in a fight
We are heading to Westwood near UCLA to do some sampling!
Come meet us!
MAYBE IF I TWEET IN ALL CAPS I'LL GET NOTICED ?
HOPEFUL,
ayayyayayayayayaay now I can nap before work!
and no seat belt...
I sit above the visiting bullpen.
You can say 'hi' to your pitchers
It was awful to see Josh go off the field on that stretcher....
We love each other.
If I birthed a child and it resembled Anthony Davis, I'd throw it off a mountain
you're just kind of an expert on everything?
me too.
about to slap mine back on after a wet rainy ride in to go home in a nice cross wind.
WHEE!
derby county!
:
Cant wait till Sat..
Brad Paisley concert :
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us
That moment when you dont know what to do or who to talk to.
Did you get iced?!
M83 tickets for confirmed.
Can't wait.
Nice work
you know it
: I am trying to catch up on the last several days...
took a lil digidiet...ready to jump back in!
BOOM!
So awesome!
Are you a new State Officer or finishing up?
Symphony Crack new EP in the works....get ready people!
omw to pick up my babies  then practice
Holy,Holy!
Working is such work
That awkward moment when everyone around you is in a relationship and your just sitting there like I love my dog
and on tonight...
I might actually watch
MLBRoundtrip w/: 's tweeting from 30,000 ft, so  I'll do the talking: 11pET
thank you guys :'
soulpancake familyworksmilesofficetwatter
Haven't even opened a browser tab in two days.
Never thought I'd meet a guy who'd make me cheat on the internet.
Yes, we are famous paparazzi.
Thanks for the retweet!
They are so good!
well come fuck wit us...
simple as that
focused on the game
Via StarTrib:  held babies and others umbrellas to protect them from the burning summer sun.
I'm an umbrella guy myself.
everyone coming to the Game gets a KFOX / SHARKS pom pom!
Because nobody's too tough to be a cheerleader!
FF If I had the half of doctorving force it would be enough, follow and check his website
Patents on things like HDMI are not conducive to small scale innovation.
Thank you!
My Facebook's Down, Good Thing I Have Twitter :P
hey I'm following you now ok , I'm waiting on you to follow me babe
thanks for digging the posters.
love the work you do.
can please watch this and get it to Austin!
Thanks mama mahone;
I like seeing random really beautiful boys :D
'It's not a job.
It's a pleasure.
cc:
Lmfao we're inapropriate but he likes it :P
mattdamon contagion looks creepy but also looks like it's going rock!
The Foo Fighters have been fighting the Foo for about 17 years.
I don't think they even know what Foo is.
I'm watching Looney Tunes...
Gotta love Bugs Bunny.
Tourist on 17th NW: black shorts, white Tshirt, black tasseled loafers, orangeandgreen camouflauge cap.
Santa, coma patient, my usual dates...
Wearing my Zetterberg jersey and lo and behold he scores!!!!
I do believe meeting over beers is in order?
Nothing kicks off Pride like a coupla tequila shots at El Zarape.
Well, maybe other things do, too, but the tequila was good enough for me.
It's lazy Sunday.
I have too much work to get done next week, so I am watching TV and being a lazy today.
War  Pace bookswithalettermissing  Story about the grueling aspects of marathon running.
You're welcome.
Enjoy!
The amazing stupidity the internet induces will never cease to amaze me.
But hey, what would a violent criminal like myself know.
Do they sell anything else that's a food product, basically?
At some youth group band lockin.
I don't remember why I wanted to go.
Someone commented on my adorable desktop background today!
Thanks
Me and Ani need some mommy and me time!
It's a Goldfinger and MXPX day
Everyone keeps asking me if I have extensions in my hair..
This makes me happy
Finishing a 3week stint on the wards and feel not a day over 97.
Life became instantly lonelier without
Phone doctor ...someone Hmu
Focus on education reforms uplifting C's not A's or B's.
edu reforms focus on uplifting C's and F's to A's or B's.
Will take time.
When my boyfriend falls asleep right in the middle of a conversation  really??
Naw the owner closed it.
Too much bad press.
Upload in t minus
If you want something, go for it!
heard you got suspended, so I came to defend your honor.
When does it stop being partly cloudy and start being partly sunny?
Be sure not to miss YOGA tonight  7pm with Josh Plesinger followed by Spinning at 8pm with Melissa Reid from Fox 8 news.......
holy hail!
Damn, another PDX company sold.
Mobspot bagel fave Kettleman sold to Noahs, hope they don't start cooking to Noahs crap recipe
Work flow...
126 AGAIN I REALLY hope its slow enough for me to get off early , better yet .
RAIN dammit !
it had to have been all of those kitty crunches
Just laid my head down for a much needed nap and the neighbor started playing guitar...with amps.
I would say the East is clearer  Heat should take it.
Out West the Spurs are killing it and the Lakers could keep it going
3 dead, 1 injured in headon crash in Wash.
County
what?!
First time??!!
That's my stayathomesick movie, nothing heals like the sound of Lina lamont's voice.
coronado springs :D haha I've never been there!
Happy Birthday, !
This time tomorrow, we'll be partying too hard!
homerun on this AM!
Time to go to work!
i am
Please call me ASAP :
Thanks you!
Set Your Goals is one of our favorite bands.
Thank you so much for having us over!
Delicious!!
21yearold entrepreneur says Twitter is about consumption.
Does it make me old to think it's about interaction?
glad oomf still subtweets me after all this time .....
lol
tell that barber I wanna see.him lol
Those poor guys 
Did I hear the Portal 2 Ending Theme in one of your show endings?
D
saw a push button phone on Mad Men tonight.
While available in 63, they were very rare until the 70s.
Oops, we gave the wrong date...
Our Open House is September 23
Swearing was invented as a compromise between running away and fighting.'
You are jealous.
I just ordered a bison burger from  yum!
:
Too bad sometimes you are seriously not a kind of friend that i always wanted , end up you are betraying us .
Listening to a yearend music countdown show I did on FM Yokohama in 1989.
Probably haven't heard it in 10 or 15 years.
come to my house and layout!
:
LOL, just don't doctorp your camera!
I think Yohan Blake would have beaten Bolt by a stride of two going head to head.
He went into Beast mode after 50m.
can you ask more questions about technical services, libguide usage, digital library building, OA, and metadata next week?
Why are guys so creepy?
2 way love affair.
.
It is obvious that Charlie Angus was following the wrong Twitterers.
The people I follow always make my day more interesting.
Thanks for the follow, hope to see you at Girl Power Hour!
Learning everything I can about Apple products and the impact of abortion on the Women's Civil Rights Movement.
Unrelated reasons, of course
i got a for christmas!
:
iplspring what are the limits of aesthetic functionality?
features wouldnt be protected if some consumers simply preferred their look
You can doctorg and doctorp the order of photos in a gallery.
No needing to create abc order filenames.
PLEASE COME TO PHILLY?!?
You might want to check with Kat.
She might have it....
Never go to bed angry .Stay awake and plot your revenge...
I'm shocked that it took this long.
We've never noticed that everyone on these shows is white.
To all the Washington Caps fans, I sympathize.
Sincerely.
I'm wearing a long blonde wig right now so my friend can brush it...
the things I do for girls.
.
xD
Oh fuck meCosmo is coming out with Cosmo for Guys?
The world doesn't have enough guy blogs as it is?
Gents does this remotely interest you?
agree that Martin gets lost.
Allen does as well.
But, for a team that needs S help, where to go?
Not a great safety class.
Watching Lilyhammer on Netflix.
Good stuff so far.
good!
Looking forward to lunch.
thankful witness to a very energetic and productive ICSC RECon!
So i have no idea if I'm actually dont with Book 1.
So need to tell someone where i'm at and you tell me if i'm done
Dying my older brothers hair...
Again :/
what would you want printed on your sheets?
Go crazy, I want to know.
Yep!
Ping to get your winnings!
Other options that must be tested are the actual game modes
At the movies it's a beautiful day outside go do something!!!
nope clay owns that.
Perry will get 53
Follow Me Please 100 :D
Halo 4, Assassins Creed 3 Pegged As The Most Anticipated Games For PS3, Xbox 360: Top 5 Other Action Packed Games To ...
I'm eight!
This is this oldest I have been in my entire life!
8yr old son
Can't wait to hear everyone talk about Wiz for a week...
i read that as pregnant at first.
Yehawww RT : Who's running tomorrow?
Good Luck all and pack mix1 in your vans!!
That awkward moment when you wake up in the middle of the night and that hallway is suddenly the most terrifying thing in the world.
BuckleDown is now available at Pet Food Express in the SF Bay area.
Go check it out!
Starting of flu season..
and unfortunately, I am one of the people getting sick..
:
is professorssing the joys of doing heavy typesetting in Microsoft Word.
Under her breath.
edcocp Yes, networks from multiple sources can be integrated.
But UserIDs may not match across systems  entity resolution problem
sometimes cleanoutthefridge dinners are the best ones!
Tonight welcomes Kreayshawn as she performs her song Gucci Gucci
Maybe Louis Farrakhan is actually just some brilliant avant garde performance artist instead of a fount of antiwisdom.
Content curation seems to be key to saving time
Amazing discussion w/ comm members at the womentogether hb56 Women's HR delegation in AL  keep fighting for human rights for all!
its super secret right now but you'll be the first to know:
Wordpress.com is free and easy to use.
A great blog for students to gain experience with.
no problem
feeling like crap!?
9/17/2010 Google and Facebook to Decline in Importance, Experts Say Technorati
Dammit, that was supposed to be a text to
make it really weird and doctoram about Chaucer's doctoram visions
The primary question the video raises for me is, Why is Katehi still employed by UCD?
If I follow you you should feel special actually I feel like coming to your house and murdering your family because of that bio.
Today was brutal but I made it through.
Can't wait to show my mother how much I appreciate her on this special day.
I only go to work on days that don't end in a 'y'.
Robert Paul
Hey buddy...
RT : Is there somebody doctorssed as captainin America behind Halak?!
you are a mean ass
I'm manned up.
I'm just speaking my mind.
Is it better to have loved and lost...or to never have experienced Picnik in the first place?
Thanks brother.
RT Happy Mothers Day Sis
It seems we have a VERY active baby.
Delta are usually okay but sometimes they are horrible at customer service.
Some Staff need to be trained in professorssionalism.
Happy Saturday to all my tweeps Indy!
Thx 4 the love !!
Vibin ur tunes  might come c u play at next Thur 4/26 !!
The is GREAT resource !!
CLUB PLAY TOMORROW!!!!
Nice try fooling me but it didn't work because it is April Fools

doesn't  doesn't know you...
me flunk English?
That's unpossible!
Our pleasure : Let us know what you think by writing them a review!
Kirsten, we are following back.
Enjoy the summer, it is heating up!
RT: Move bitch, get out da way!'get the fuk bak, guard ur grill...there's sumthin wrong we cant stay still!'
yea punk face you don't call me no more or text me what's good baby girl
Thrilled to learn that some people in authority realize the importance of homeless people getting ID.
Very gratifying.
Love to all.
plugging your iphone in for an hour and it's basically fully charged 
Republicans are calling their small business friends and asked them to stop hiring.
Thanks for all you do!
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again ?
We are thrilled to have you!
omg I used to love the movie Shrek when I was little.
:
Thanks for the invitation!
Most fun  adventure this dissertator has seen in a long while.
Thx gorgeous  : yes so you know its REAL ; you get it done girl!!
Love it.
Girls, please use protection this month.
U dont wanna be walking around 9 month preggers with a baby about to bust during the Apocalypse.
we couldn't agree more!
Love liege waffles!!
;
How deep is your Love girl can i fall in it???
come save me omg, I'm at club royale right now.
It's terrifying.
On the bus
The world in yo hands
Thank you for my awesome yoga kit I won for signing up for a trial of GaiamTV!
perfect for
Today's Indy Boot Camps Classes are 100 dedicated to Dan Wheldon!
What a hell of a Man, Father, Husband and Race Car doctorver!!!!!!
Mitt's HUBRIS to name W's top advisers, architects of the worst Foreign Policy  Economic failures in our history.
Freakin amazin.
Watching, doctor No, the very first bond film.
Summer reminds me of my childhood; when icecream was my beer.
If Twilight fans are TwiHards, Harry Potter fans are Potter heads, what does that make Hunger Games fans ?
HUNGARIANS ?
Very productive today.
Good work TOPFLIGHT
they're fine lol.
Pull me some numbers haha
I am fascinated by the plan and subsequent execution by Sam and the team
Love it RT : First Lady Michelle Obama does burpees, jacks, squats, mountain climbers w/  on tonight's BL
And you, Sean!
MayTheFourthBeWithYou
is making me hear a whole Steve Miller Band song.
I hate my life.
tje scream movies are so bad omg
Mammoth 4 / Rochester 4 at the end of the first quarter.
getting my day started looking forward to another weekend lol have a good day!
Night  can't wait for tommorrrrow ;o
Hello Twitter World!
had a few Fireballs myself tonight.
Cheater!
RT Hey north siders watch out for a blue Shelby mustang!!
State cop!!!
School of Rock kids downstairs rocking a passable Knights of Cydonia.
Man do I love hockey playoffs
At my boi my dawg Anton Bulter funeral im crying on da inside but my pride wont let it show AB u will be missed bro
What you think of yourself is much more important than what others think of you.
Here we go EE Westlake!
: was remodeled while I was on vacation.
It looks great!
Looking forward to the future!
Any chance litmine is being recorded?
take the time to thank people who tweet/blog/write about you  Danielle Brigida dcswa professordev day
Thinking about babygirl.
Wondering what she's up to today.
tell you what, some of that Olaf Blanke stuff would be worth a million views on YouTube  good stuff again up
Nice day N da A
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
My band Georgia 61 will be playing the Spring Green music festival in Lawrenceville tonight!
what's good bro
i wish he will!:/
My new goal for this week is to learn how to properly use Twitter.
Miss joining!
I'll try 2 join next week RT : thanks 4 joining everyone!
Would love to have u all back next week
Deer WTF I hate how they know when I'm not looking then sneak up and jump out in front of my car...
Jeezz not a good week :
Hey Salma!
Not much going on here!
How have you been?
indeed man!!!!
Awesome!!!!
When u wanna record bro!'
tryna help a brother out?
Along with Marie Antoinette, I'm distant relatives w/ Copernicus, Princess Alice, Prince Philip,  Luke the Evangelist.
Thanks !
RT : RT : love your energy SCIP2012 analytic fitness, do you have it?
haha y not!
please check DMs!
True sigh RT Reputation precedes Roger always, but that was stupid, senseless and pointless.
My stepdad said he was going to order my Moms mothers day gift for me.
This asshole didn't!
So now I have to fucking seach for one!
Morning Jog
I love when decides to quit smoking, and I get a free pack of cigarettes.
For free.
how is espn comparable to pinterest???
hahaha, oh yes ;D  I hear he's already with another girl.
o.o
The idea of sarnecki keeping me out later than I'd like.
Is blowing my mind.
hey oscar its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back.

Jeppa Joes will be at Marquette today  15th  Wells.
Come for the best sandwiches you've ever had!
Internet Marketing Guide And Tips  Marketing With It
psht, fuck if i remember where i was...
WHAT IT SAYS: Do not touch.
WHAT I READ: Touch when nobody is looking.
S/O to my mommy she heard some bad news this morning Lord knows she's a strong woman I never wanna see her cry
She's a silver lining lone ranger riding through an open space.
Congratulations Wofford Terriers for making the big dance!
A whole shopping cart full of aluminum cans for one hour, but he is very good .
Thanks!
Had a great time presenting this morning.
I think you probably could have.
Hope this helps.
Thanks for the RT.
I'm glad to hear you enjoyed my latest post.
I hope all is well with you, Kevin.
PC, there is no such thing as a Pharmaceuticologist
haha thanks for calling me a bitch, really nice of you.
Stay up to the minute: Pekela Riley is on twitter...
this seems promising: distributing film as an app.
Walking down Hollywood Blvd.
with 2 hotties wearing My Own Fingerprint shirts  great day!
nice meeting you tonight my dude.
Let's make it pop after the new year.
i was in canada today!!!
we went on this boat tour that took us into canadian waters
Aw but look at his great spelling!
Scandal is an amazing TV show.
I love Kerry Washington.
She's brilliant.
has buy 1 get 1 free appetizers all day plus NY strip steak and crab legs for 14.95.
Good morning Twitters..have a blessed day!!!
Just ate the best salad at brios!
LOVE that song too!
A very special one.
Thank you for the tweet!
utter nonsense Ron.
What is indigent defense?
never looked better for Boston this season  Celtic nation
Cum on Rock!!
Now getting up early doesn't really seem so bad
Spending time with my favorite Mom's
Hanging with the BNB this Saturday...
:D
I have a funny feeling the are gonna leave tonight with a hard earned road victory.
Go
We're holding a pep rally for supporters Saturday at 11:30 am at Shiloh Baptist Church!
Join us!
Go Blue Team!
It ain't hard girl.
Just use yo head.No puchline.
RETWEET If you adore
!!!
RT : LoveReign if you don't do nothing else
we are live in san francisco join us now www.iBand.me
what are you waiting for?
We hope to see you soon!
Please let today be a good day!
what's good j...
Pics or it didn't happen.
I wanna see chocolate mouse.
Does anyone know where i can get one of those purses with the long strap?
i cant find them anywhere!
I did...
What do you guys, er uh they...
use super glue?
Yay!
I saw your checkin at SeaTac this morning.
: Brunch tomorrow?
Any time u except loosing u can never win.....
By kdub the infamous
I have alot of respect for The NY state senator we need this powerful brother in the Peace video
I'll just bring money
Definition of ROGUE as an intransitive verb: To weed out inferior, diseased, or nontypical individuals from a crop plant or a field!
Just won the Hot 44!
I'm such a box.
2011 is almost over!
What have been your favorite albums of the year, so far?
well i love it so!!!
RT : : IdeasChat starts at 11am CST!
Today's topic Health  Wellness Use IdeasChat to join!
Just finished making a million cookies looking ahead to my daughter's Tea Party birthday party  my house smells ridiculously fabulous.
The Brewers play the Mariners in Seattle today with a scheduled start time of 3:30 PM CT.
I need a new job...
lol!
Thanks dawg!
RT : damn you official like a whistle now partna
1st meeting of ARCHE Sustainability Committee today.
Look for collaboration around green purchasing, info sharing, student research, more.
Way to go Duke!
We had partial power, now we have none!
U can't even fix crap right!
DukeEnergy sucks!
Because they enjoy our pain.
Bad CW, bad.
Sent you an email.
Looking forward to hearing back from you.
WELP THAT WAS AN EXPERiENCE!
That's why i've begun to listen to her album 19.
I don't listen to the radio anyway.
probably only if Sherrod's recovery is taking too long?
well if you loose all your hair you'll be looking like  is going to have a lesbian crush on you!
this isnt me.
i'm not supposed to get this upset ever.
now my hand's swollen from taking out aggression on the wall
u love turtle
Tonight one advances to next level  wins 1,000.
Place your final tweets on who 4 Terri /4 Carla or
Not cooking a holiday meal at my house means there is nothing but chocolate on the 26th
so who else is bored?
give tixs money to bergs.
whathurtsthemost knowing and/or will never love you cause they love each other
Yes!
: Good luck to all of clients as the NFLdoctorft is here!
it's surreal for all of us.....pujols ab will be worse for cards fans
what's down??
I'm surrounded by idiots  Scar from the Lion King
Leathered up.
Let's ride.
Happy Birthday
since you can't come to graduation I'm having a lil get together Friday
good question.
was critical?
Maybe that is what your surprise is this weekend ;
you're
doctoramt I won video game tourney w/ my team, and we were going on stage to accept award, but there was a huge crowd we couldn't get thru...
Great seeing you last night lady!
Wasn't ThinkLikeAMan great?
I might have to give them 9.50 more lol
HTown represented well in SA, both are Teams went 30
Suicideepidemic in New Mexico.
Tonight 7PM: To Save A Life FREE screening: Eastern Hills Baptist Church, near Morris  Candelaria.
hey ...
are you a fan of Daughtry?
You need to get to a computer and put ur professorle picture up on here!!!
I know.
Mine is like a Black power manifesto haha
Hahaha got get right get it right get it tight lol your so silly :RT : Yes Gymnast body!
Chipotle line on Sundays.
Hey Gerald!
Hope all is well, man!!
Take care Landon
who will be the goalie?
Nick?
Or ur goalie
No Braves, Phillies, Red Sox, or Yankees in the postseason.
So what's the point of having a postseason?
: Happy Mothers Day to all you beautiful mothers out there.
Without out you guys we wouldn't be here.....seriously...
htt ...
is telling a great story of playing with REM on SNL of having a moment with
its a follow party!
everyone is invited!
Resolve to legalize the most harmless, versatile and healthgiving plant in 2012!
RT : Love to dance?
There's no question that dancing is great for your body but it's an effective way to relieve stress...
so experiences of aura are certainly real, but they are not about objects in themselves.
It takes two to feel authenticity?
oh my god i do that too!
Thanks for the RTs about our Koreatown Tour this Sat!
Just noticed you haven't return followed, so we can't DM.
:/
Life is change.
Growth is optional.
Choose wisely.
William Somerset Maugham
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she found out bout my old boyfriends.....I never told her
6 second rule, fold doesn't matter, eye tracking does now!!!
That woman obviously didnt look at the stats.
: get the word out to your PLN: we are collecting fav poetic lines and assoc images
OccupyOurFoodSupply on F27 : CREATE healthy food systems.
RESIST corporate takeover of our food supply.
via
we are on the air groove theory on lowerlevelradio.com
That was just weird.
All of it.
Of course, it all breaks down into Monty Python references at the end, so it makes sense...
We're like fire and gasoline.
I'm no good for you.
You're no good for me.
Happy National High 5 Day!
Make someones day by giving them a high 5 to show you appreciate all they do.
Lol, yeah.
That's what I said.
my boyfriend 3
Phillies bats coming alive in the 3rd inning.
Yeah Boyeeeeee!
Holiday pod preordered.
Bring on those holiday games, walt!
That moment when all your food is gone and you wonder where it all went :/
I love to be connected with you!
Ajfkdhdlsh the boyz performance is next week :
whoa.
Breathe shallowly.
For 3 years I've been telling this company that if they have any scala work to let me know.
Latest email: Have you ever heard of scala?
Whitney Houston is dead!
So sad!
Warm weather hairgo!
When Bad Romance comes on the radio THERE WILL BE an all out Jam session.
Checking out !
Super excited for the opening!
Have you considered giving Jerry Sloan a 10 day coaching contract to help you this round?
darn it...thanks for checking!
I met the black hats in june of 94.
They actually stop using the towers 250ft tower when I cam in.
too many were getting hurt.
John Quincy Adams He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
How come you never hear You messed with the wrong Zebra today buddy
No problemo!
Any time.
Are people still using the word avatar?
What about users vs participants vs ....?
ur dad truly a guy i respected does he make a suggestion to u if hes stoked about a prospect
I Missy guys 
Looking for a Technical Art Director interested in an awesome opportunity in
What'd I tell you Oriole fans, did I not say we'd be winners this year?
Suck it.
FF our good friend A San Diego based barter and exchange service.
Storming through the party like my name was el niño
it'll be hard to photoshop you in, without having ever seen your photo.
but i'll see what i can do.
you know that 16 year old girl ?
yeaah, she's uhmm, like how do I put her or that performance into words?
Thanks...Gotta keep on the move!
Your first 70.3?
ThingsThatYouShouldKnow Child GPS Trackers can be a peace of mind for you and your family.
Know were you childoctorn are at all times.
Right after I finish writing next week's crossword!
Happy birthday Toby should be trending.
Worldwide.
Gone .....
Tripping and a half I'm on a trip and a half
sorry tommy for spamming c:
what you talking bout LA is in the east coast lmfao 
: I haven't heard of you in forever, espero que todo este bien guapaa haha it's been a while, but we'll talk soon :
ff for all the hottest animal gossip!
Just seeing your tweet now.
I love wholesome middle grade, and I know lots of kids who do, too!
it was great hanging with you tonight at UNITEDHS You are anointed to lead.
Blessings on you and your wife!
Happiness is external, Joy is a state of mind
fly to Florida and come to Disney with me!
i know how you feel I hate when i do that love ur music please follow
Still looking for something to do tonight?
Come paint with us!
One day it will worse than before and you will have no one to thank but yourself
thanks for the chuckles!
Not working till late tomorrow but just got out of work today  have to get up early tomorrow...
Hopefully a good day though.
Q6a: There must be education.
Motorists are taught roads are for the cars!
yo yo SBK can still suck during the holidays, fair is fair.
U SUCK, Orlando turn it off..
oh, lol.
Like to put them in a frame  put them on your wall.
like with a poster.
Well, how do you know we're not doctornk on Guinness over here in America?
Oh wait, I'm in a meeting.
yes they r!
I'm not sure yet I'm trying to get a ride from someone after
MAHOMIES!
At 5:30pm EST, help the OhioMahomies out  tweet Ohio wants Mahone!
We really want to see it!
:
the strip club Haha
Good morning everyone.
GOING TO KINGS ISLAND TOMORROW, HELL TO THE YEAH
her name is Carly.
And she is only a few years old :
U guys better take the guy that used to coach at the school in the Big10 to task tom.
about not speaking abut UK BBN awaits
Need another visit to Boston so I can see live
The FREE Comedy Intro with Jackie Geary will be held at 10545 Burbank Blvd  105 North Hollywood, CA 91601 this Thursday at 7pm.
Want in?
God Morning World!!!!
RT: 99 OF THE MAGIC IN BRITAIN IS BEING USED BY 1 OF THE POPULATION
Wish I could have been at USC for that!
Thanks for tweeting.
Leo must be inspired by their work otherwise they'll procrastinate until it's due.
Stroke their ego  they will deliver their absolute best
Found a doctorss that I want for this wedding in a few weeks.
Probably going to get it and Mary has a 10 coupon I can use.
Kentucky....
Where snow on the grass gets kids out of school early.
thanks to everyone for their support!
oops fail for sending it to myself xD.
U have to turn it around somehow since it took an upside down pic of it xD
I wonder If you say that to everybody else.
What a long crazy fun weekend!
Snap back to reality...
Haven't been on twitter in a while.
Mainly cuz I been out living my life
Confirmed  its sold out...
as Walt would say...we don't need moral victories.....not good enough to just catch up....
Tim Tebow to the Jets!!
What the what!?
It's a great day to go running where we are!
If you plan on taking a jog or running today retweet!
RT : There are as many realities as there are minds contemplating them.
Russell
thanks for the comment on my Great Leadership post!
hey well thanks a lot for telling me cuz I really appreciate that.
But for some reason it keeps saying that the page is denied..
Corporations that run the media!
Damn Straight!
Set standards, you ROCK our next
It's in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
Anthony Robbins
I saw...I liked it anyway :
Argh!
Wordpress is failing me when I only have six more minutes left to reply to comments this morning!
shakes fist
I totally agree!!!!
RT : I feel like the art scene in Milwaukee is gaining incredible momentum, and it's really inspiring to be a part of it!
gracias!
: I noticed they changed the pic, she's the one in the poofy red doctorss :
doesn't the strong mayor system impede the will of the people's?
Example medical cannabis?
I gotta look up a picture of Franz Ferdinand.
I might be a spitting image!
happy friday..
It seems like it became iPLF
I think most important thing is just to keep at it.
Questions  Answers in life
so tired...but that was an awesome game!
: the energy there was fun!
congrats  Caps !!
finally FINALLY, went thru all my facebook requests!!!
whew!!
...welp there goes Phoenix sleeping through the night!
Holy Daywalt creepiness...
I'm in love with a Latina spinner that looks like Snooki , same size too
Who are you to judge what you don't understand?
i am really sad right now :'
Red Mango then going to sit on my grandmas bench on the boardwalk before work 
S/0 to slay and papp ..I'm waiting on another bangga from y'all.
Bless true niggaz in Texas with dat real hip hop
Happy New Year Twitter friends!
LAriots The South Central Los Angeles riot/rebellion began twenty years ago today
Men speaking about the right age to stop breastfeeding need to be quiet.
This is not something they can know about in this way.
My head is like on a thousand I'm going back 2 sleep
I have no idea where the hell that came from, but Klout thinks I'm influential in unicorns.
retweet this post if you like watching the
Me and the hubby just found our new date night spot.
Hello Vallarta's!
Contemplating a cq5 webapp with no db, just some tags, some stored content and a lot of querybuilder.
retweet if you love ;D
Has anyone seen a gen ed that takls of using digital tools for connection rather than just research or expression?
Calling artists we want you and your skill.
Year 2033 following 2 young assassin recruits in the HLM.
Character and background development!
Is there a REAL reason Twitter cant handle more than 140 characters?
Or are we just hamsters in a wheel?
Could not live without mine.
Is yours powered?
NBA Playoffs
SD journos already aware Romney's in town?
I'm out w/a friend who sat near Mitt  co.
while watching Hunger Games in Del Mar today.
I wish I wasn't at work rn
Marco Beach Ocean Resort Receives Best Hotel and Lodging Website Honor by Web Advertising Assoc.
Special Effects Collection
lookin for young talented producers?
i know a few extremely young and extremely talented ones.
I hate being put on hold
RT I've heard the saying, Live like you were dying.
You are so are you?
love it!
My life should be a reality show
Thanks to a4aChallenge sponsor Electronics  Pres.
Mary Peavey for joining us at the BreakfastofChamps!
No, more like 5:00 shadow
Alex better not win!
Hes way too flamboyant!
Damian or Samual!
ahah.
no way am i gonna be able to finish it today.
D: but whatevers.
it'll still be a video full of hotness.
33
Happy Easter!
He is risen!
I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart.
cummings, e e
Peyton isn't dumb enough to come to that train wreck.
hit on many Aussies for me, please
The unmistakable beauty of Tigerwood  Unfinished 3/4 x 5 instock.
letsmove I know, right?
Such a great video!
And thanks for the support!
If i was there, I would help catapult you through your window.
looking fwd to it RT : Tune in on 5/28 at 9/8c for the premiere of HISTORYs first scripted miniseries, Hatfields 
I don't think it does any harm to the artist to be lonely as an artist.
Man, I don't feel well...
But all I need is a half decent breakfast and I'll be back at it, dirty and reckless.
my baby  goodnight : 3
WE LOVE HEM:
concurred.
it can be very discouraging at times  i hate to portray the negative aspects i've experienced to date : /
Running the iPhone Twitter app.
Finally.
w/ talks with about what said on GayMarriage  what the WhiteHouse thinks.
Which games are goin on now marchmadness?
So hey who wants to start an Afghanistan withdoctorwal today?
RT to show your support.
tomorrow i'm hoping to meet hank moody.
David Ortiz flails like one of the fat pandas I have roaming the reserve.
In other news: Camden Yards serving panda fat fries on club level.
yea Lucas is a beast!
my bad different dmanster.
i feel like one could make a good geocoder by compiling public data
If you find yourself watching Qubo, it is a clear sign that your night has taken a nasty left turn.
Bone Marrow doctorve this Saturday 1pm  4pm.
Come make a difference.
HI I WANT A BOYFRIEND.
thanks for the add
RIP Joe Pa
i can see right through your fake wall.
Their graphic is horrible and they don't sale Benz
You know they're trying to be funny when they start with .
.
.
See what had happened was .
ewwwww lol gross.
I looked so nappy.
I miss you too: tonzz
On Your Grind.
You Say Not Really Um 2 Steps ahead of You:/
IamAStanBecause we all fall down like toy soldiers
Right!
But periodically check in and let us know how you're doing.
Good job Jules!
congrats Ali!
RT : Excited to be part of the Fitterati team!
Thanks so much for voting, everyone!...
If her words spoke any more they'd have to package them in volume form.
Game tomorrow against Scottsburg, hopefully it doesn't rain.
Only someone arrogant enough to trademark his own effing name on twitter would try something like that.
What a beautiful day it's been in ABQ.
Hope everyone got out and enjoyed it.
our problems is girls !?
Well there's a million of them !
My grandma jsted died my mom makes me do everything posibble !
My real dad doe ...
My doctorw something...
Well it's burgerkingofthebeach
it's a great day to be at Fenway!
Enjoy :
what did I miss?
What is a frosty!
Had a pretty good band practice today
Want Andoctorid App!
Did you get my text?
I will be there around 3 if that's okay :
What is a mom but the sunshine of our days and the north star of our nights.
Robert Brault
Yeah because she's gonna tell you what's wrong on the spot in front of people ?
Think!
Lol
N.
Sanon shares OIC Broward success stories about job programs, teen pregnancy prevention program and more on
just got on and read this tweet im willing to talk to anyone and everyone cuz im friendly and dont bite ...
or do i ;D
female partner canceled on me.
Not ideal.
Amen brutha Creed : You can have a bond with your teammates  not like the same things.
But you should hate the same things.
i wanna know more about the job!
Congrats!!!
Best of luck!
RT : Big thanks to for publishing our scholarship.
Heavily appreciated!
congratulations!
I love having my childoctorn in the same school as me :
I love working there cause its soo chill lol
yes, I will.
I may fly off the train platform today.
Whoa powerful wind!
I miss him :
Just think of me as the pages in your diary 
So you're the reason I had to eat my Starbucks oatmeal with a fork the other day.
Well played, sir ...
well played.
Just left video shoot.
S/o to Video Sick.
Move wit us or Move ova
..
we will be looking for suggestions ...
:
but bad manners to be specif
when thursdays are fridays ;
How tall are you now?
Youre taller then me now: i was taller then you in september when i met you at rj ;
Listen to the world premiere of 2 Chainz and doctorke 's first collabo, No Lie.
Produced by Mike Will.
Look out for Based
Most tooth loss in people over age 35 is from Periodontal Disease.
your family is a bunch of idiots.
Tell them I said so.
Don't they see how jazzed you are about the thrill of the chase?
Final Q: wear sunscreen
Good morning DC!
Every day is a holiday if you love what you do.
New followers  friends?
Welcome!
Stay engaged here 
Yep!
We are having a show at Area 702 Skatepark on March 10th and another one in the making.
:
6 out of 10 consumers feel social media marketing is invasive!
I bet they don't feel the same way about PRINT!
Hahahah WHAT ARE YOU DOING!
Try a 5to10 second isometric hold at the peak contraction point of each exercise rep.
It will leave you feeling like dynomite!
Elvis...happy birthday to The King
omg.
Hell no.
That shit was ridiculous.
Yes, no accidents.
Aghhh
most amazing CLOUD services ever...Silver Lining Cloud Services
thanks so much for the follow!
If you or a client needs a new mattress or furniture please let us know!
I going on a date with !
Shawn
How is everyone today!
I just made myself a actual WEBSITE for my work!
Check it out!
www.outofdabluecreator.com
YOU SHOULD BE THERE
Hhhhmmmm, what are you doing later?
Hahahaha
is your phone broken young lady?
10 mile walk at school today!
My feet hurt :
Please welcome to our production team!
Gotta watch what I'm tweeting now cuz its forwarding to my FB...
Magneto may have the top mutantability of all
Can't get used to the FETUS professorle picture....
a bit too much exposure, dontchyathink?
I'd be a lot warmer and a lot happier with a bellyful of mead...
MT Correction: CLAY Deadline is 11:59 pm Dec.
1.
So get your nominees in before midnight Dec.
2.
Stay tuned here all day for announcements and previews  maybe even some photos from the space as it comes together today...27 hours to go!
Wishing all my facebook friends a HAPPY, HEALTHY, New Year, full of PEACE and PROSPERITY!!
go to sleep...
or text me 
LOL!
No I am on my way to Turkey to buy 3 new fully automatic Oriental Rug Cleaning Machines for my business.
Excited for Austream!
:D
you should do a pic of you in New York Yankee gear
605campus we're service providersnot gatekeepers or any other metaphor that makes librarians sound like we're keeping knowledge from ppl
M yeah.
Safe travels!
Curator as adjective.
As in, You are so curator right now.
Love it.
Just queued up 50 / 50, starring Seth Rogen and Joseph Gordon Levitt.
I want to have a threesome with this movie.
NP Let's Go  Calvin Harris 3
don't wanna study for my physics test
Come on Wales
You're so tremendously kind about it
Follow back me,is Sexy related to The Office
GOOD NIGHT REBODY BYE
Isn't that one of those If you can remember the 70s, you weren't there conundoctorms?
One in ten families in New Mexico, from birth through adulthood, needs the help that Alta Mira provides.
2/2 RDA coincides with idea to change focus from record to statement, and that will kill central control of data ...
best way to be.
:
Caps tie it up!!!
Just under 12 to play
Radio host to : I hope you can get through the day today without people spitting at you.
This a good game!
the Best part about having a twitter is tweeting the best wwe superstar ever
I GET BACK THE DAY BATMAN GETS OUT
that would have been one of my suggestions.
One of our absolute favorites.
And it's on Netflix.
Yea!
I am not sure a high  of Clevel business executives think of learning for business performance lift
Well, there's Tom Friedman.
Eff this, i'm going to get my iced coffee and Kirsten Dunst on.
hahaha ceelogreen everyone's the same color with the lights off
him or haley either one, I hate shurmur calling plays so much he fucking sucks!!
But spurano wouldn't be bad.
I hate when shit like that happens.
No point in arguing with someone who never thinks they're wrong..
Hm.
doctorgs are in every walk of life  doctors, lawyers, preachers, the guy who works for IBM, teenagers on the street, teenagers in school.
the world provided me wth iron monkey bar.
I'm using it to build bridge across the small pool
Out on a morning jog!
Thank you Jesus for this lovely weather.
Is 30 inch hair to long for a 5ft 4 little me...hm
140 characters isn't enough to explain why and how much i love 3
I Know Who Killed Me it was Austin Mahone Him being so hot killed me.
eric and i will be at gala...but we know you'll hold it down at yours.
Needed to make sure they got another cone out there for em all to hit...
RT : had to be a phantom yellow.
I'm glad i made it thru these past 2month with erthing I needed 2 accomplish with the motivation from my son,his mother family
a lot can happen in 2 years
I have to pee but I hate the bathrooms at my school
hilarious.
and no I haven't finished it, halfway through.
I saw it!
In the first elevator lobby scene with the soldiers, coming in from the left to snatch a soldier.
You can't stop people from adding you to their circles, but you can block them after the fact so they don't see your stuff.
wish I can join you :D
For all those coming in to Louisville for events, please note: the big orange hand  the crosswalks  No Walking!!
Hope that smile was for me!
'Bodybuilding is growing as a sport'  Sowetan
RealFriendsDont Tell You What You Want To Hear, They Tell You What You Need To Hear.
Ugghhh my legs wanna give out on me
Is it hi, thanks for inviting me to the party or is it the chili singing Paradise City so loud you can't hear anything else?
Chapter V it is no doubt can't wait to be in his arms again
The Masses Against the Moos
she's getting a zero for a practice regents i she doesn't show Braid
So what's gonna be a good day to come through?
I miss you : let's have lunch tomorrow !
Me you and
CanIBeHonestWithYou I need you more than you think

I like this one :
Afraid to be misunderstood, to be accused of saying what they didn't mean, because they might be criticized for it
Re: that last retweet, Stop Obsessing Over Stats, Specs, and Upgrades is helpful advice for any kind of purchase, not just gadgets.
Come enjoy 4SqDayCincy!
69pm Free Appetizer Buffet, No Cover, , and Happy Hour Prices
Stargazing: Smith staying at 'Downton Abbey'; Brangelina engaged; tats right  Bellingham Herald
being truthful will lead u to so many things in life...
I enjoyd giving advice anything else?
Direct message or tweet me
Catching someone who acts like your friend, talking shit behind your back is the greatest thing in the world.
Hey Thanks a million for the RT
at least you're original at rudely correcting ppl just seems like a
The other day, this is gonna sound bad, but I was like, looking at my poop.a girl at the bar.
Yep.
Would have been funny if all of the sudden you just see a flash from slipping and the camera is pointed at the sky.
:
Do a piece on Allen Craig over the next couple of weeks, sir.
I know.
nah I'm moving to Wisconsin
sounds good
So my bestie just got fired from his job.......this day sucks
Jamming, windows down on 15th and State where is ?!
If you on the nawf it go down at club tranz.
Ground balls...
Slow rollers...
Bouncing balls...
Fly balls...
Can't hit cutoff men...
He is 2 for the season w/risp...
God he sucks!
I plan on putting down at least 400 bucks on Sarah Jessica Parker winning the Kentucky Derby....
Guaranteed money!!!
At the car dealership, omg so boringg.
vsa2011 we're quick to jump to the satisfaction of visitors, but what about staff?
Great question Posed in Picturing Success
At this particular time I'd like 2 wisha Merry Date of Birth to the future one man Hughes Brother/Scorsese of the next generation !
Great seeing you.
Thanks so much for the retweet.
Calculating yardage for doctorperies, will need well over 65 yds of extra wide fabric for pinch pleats.
What do I do?
DYING
Haha wow that was the worst punt return ever lmao!!!!!
Thanks, SCVB, for hosting the 2DaysInSeattle launch party at the Renaissance.
Great turnout from Seattle's hospitality community.
Arraignment today for Michael Robles, accused of strangling his exgirlfriend and dumping her body in a remote area.
1:30 Dept.
14, Vista.
Marriott downtown all decked out to welcome Giants!
Arriving shortly!
You know it!
Today's townhall meeting will be at The Elbow Room on Pershing!
Complentary Rotisserie chickens  quarts of beer for my supporters!
I think the problem we're having here is how to measure success in doctorfting.
Your standards seem much higher than mine.
ya.
i know.
i know people who are so perfect and i don't understand how they can be that way..
:l
WeWontWorkIf you use my dog as a mop .
how are you so attractive, my gosh.
I don't make typos, i make new words..
la duh .
Flying saucer for some beers.
Good!
If you vote for him, you have not given up completely.
Glad to hear it.
I understand the frustrationI feel it too.
Great event
hell yea lol
20 years ago this month I started my first job as a librarian.
Happy careeriversary to me.
Got to go see Isabella : Congrats Taylor  Jordan:
: in such an environment, does an allthingstoallpeople portal product make sense, or a stable of focused brands?
I don't think you have a choice
Chilling with the bestie!
uses twitter during class.
us too
clover machine is cool but I don't like how they only brew pike and force you to pay extra for bold now!
: it's the principle
At our Ward1 town hall meeting, Vince is talking about the longterm value of the District's investments in prek.
Thanks!
I asked for a trivia win next week for my bday, so we better do it.
Also yes, INSANELY beautiful day!
Love it.
Watching The Vow with my mom.
I knew sooner or later she'd con me into watching this
.
Keeping your tweets private is an important step to protecting yourself  your privacy online.
People actually read this stuff!
lml and she was dead twanging lol
AND I WILL ALWAYS LOOVVE YOU I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU I WILL ALWAYSS Love YOU
When I think back to Elementary school I always begin to think about how my old friends don't even speak to me now.
Great first meeting of the semester!
Is there such a thing as lesson planning software?
I'm sorry ...
I dont you to ever represent my country for the rest of your life smh.
Lost alot of respect today
Eating pizza
If allergies were a person I'd knock it the eff out!
Lol i know
With and other Heroes at Starbucks for another fundoctoriser mtg!
I'm a blogger, interning for my mom right now at  I'm in training  starting my own clothing company in 2012.
She was an embarrassment; particularly her Orwellian stuff comment.
How is giving someone Ensure torture?
twitter please fix your iPhone app.
this is getting annoying.
But but, it's fun to bait anonymous trolls on the intrawebs when they go all snarky on the comments!
I am going back for my bday lol
lose one gain two how u think I gotchu
Otis: I decided to hop out the back of our Element earlier and I scratched up my chin!
Mom says I need to be more careful!
pinhead is hangin at the moose
Just heard from Sean Carton at idfive about building a communications ecosystem using all kinds of platforms and media.
Great presentation.
is out and about on the Twitterverse tonight!
bring on OT
Such a sick show!
Thanks to everyone who came out!
Sick locals, so much fun and MURDERDEATHKILL killed it.
Why does SportsCenter only show Colt McCoy's best highlights?
He sucks, show his shitty plays!
aww st.
patty's day.
but you seem very strong willed, I'm sure you'll be great.
3
ThoughtsDuringSchool this lunch is nasty!!!!!
Do you know any good app developers?
perpetual SES divide following every advance in last 50 yrs
Imma talk a bt; outta her Vickie's
If I fight Him he will take me to court like he did bobby after he beat his ass there is no reason to han
lights just came back on in Talbott.
Finally!
Hash House a GoGo...totally not what the name implies.
False advertising.
Bo.
Winding down at Thrive, launching independent firm  all things planninggrantsmetrics.
Website coming.
Email
Jerry springer aint even fun to watch no more ugh
Looking for some soup on this brisk Friday afternoon?
Look no further than the B for some scrumptious Maryland Crab Soup!
My pleasure!
MT dear friend and most talented and respected photographer ever!
Thank you for being there!
BTW 2nd to last message to you was a joke..
me go to bed now.
I am on MounTANG time.
depressingsitcoms Fresh Prince of Balls
My gumbo!!!
Well it is almost 11:47 p.m.
And I am good and buzzed.
Good night 40th birthday.
Thanks to all who helped me celebrate.
Glad you enjoyed the mussels.
We love your dumplings and noodles!
Hello 80 humidity!
THANKS MOM!!!!
Judgemental Judge/mental: Always know where someone's mind is.
Don't be foolish, awareness is everything.
I'm no where near u
Damned hotel didn't have FuelTV so I had to go hit a bar to watch beat up let's go Jorge!!!
Should I see Think Like A Man or Hunger Games??
Help me out here...??
Thank you for the RT!
If you believe in God, you believe he created Gays.
So shouldn't every person that He created have equal rights.
Titanic the movie was bigger than the ship.
Huge Knicks win!
Thanks  you too!
Thanks so much for sharing 's latest blogs!
We really appreciate it :
Lauren must know it all: She's a Cal graduate!
I don't need to be a fancy audio technician to be able to hear and FEEL the word coon when Zimmerman says it.
Miss me with that nonsense.
Happy Monday!
Today is National Stress Awareness Day and National Eggs Benedict Day.
So reduce stress with a good breakfast!
Saved by the Bell is on now...watching Jessie's Song.
I'm so excited, I'm so excited....I'm so...scared.
We had a blast Seriously can't wait until next year!
Thanks to all who made it a memorable weekend
I just scored 7,730 in Dog The Bounty Hunter Video Quiz!
Think you guys could play I'm Not A Gangsta by !?!?
They're such a sick band, and that song is mah club jam
Twitter blackout for my father's funeral
There's a Richter to your right and a Struth behind.
These artists were once young too.
sage advice to other collectors.
Hanging 8 and seeing your professorle pics make this an incredible week!
I hear they have good wings there.
Proud of you.
:
RT : Working title for new column: SEO is Hard.
I cried when marley died in marleyme
who is your publisher?
how does this help/hurt your career as author?
USC writers conference
hey I need your services...
I was randomly tested at the airport again this morning.
I think you might be on to something,
Thanks so much for the list love!
:
Sometimes , When I close my eyes , I can't see ..
I think it's once a week that someone in my feed declares it Nat'l Margarita Day.
Don't get me wrong, I'm totally cool with that.
WOAH!
Were ganging up on Christiana why!
and I agree it was quite large
If you're trying to text/call me, you cannot.
ATT reports almost all MA users are without service.
Also, the say the outage is spreading
I know it will come true!
Happy Kwanza Josh Hamilton Highlights
HOMEWORK  Homework  Saturday.
:

very cool!
yes he is.
I want to tell him to get a thicker black marker too.
Are you In LinkedIn?
SEOize yourself, join groups your customers care about and listen, use the Answers section!
via
Every day 2,700 people die of heart disease
Good night my peepz
LAUGH LIKE NIALL
i fell like ima get a lot of c's this semester
Up to 15 survey responses.
I'm halfway to the minimum responses that I need.
20factsaboutme 7.
I love to dance
thanks for the follow!
I'm glad I don't live anywhere near him, the temptation would be too much
anytime.
I have about 2 million pictures of char on my phone.
I'm looking at the pictures again.
Is it sad that that's the best part of my night.
Ahh the horror.
ideas2action u demy: ascribes to gates idea that soon all best lectures will be online  free.
Happy Birthday Kobe!
August compulsive can do attitude.
Helps you rise and fall.
River Phoenix and Keith Moon,short but lasting impressions!
The New Jersey Nets are hosting the Chicago Bulls tonight at the Prudential Center.
Buy your game tickets now by calling at: 8884930004
Thnku 2 everybody that came out to celebrate my bday!
5:30am and I'm just gettin in!
I had a ball Shoutout 2.
E.v.a.
Pro.
S/O 2 my bro Kev
Home finally!!!
Alyssa and I signed up for the talent show.
I believe we are singing Halfway There by Big Time Rush!!!
I can't wait!
Love can't survive off of love alone
your always welcome and ya i love your icon :
lol that's wassup..
U talk to her?
Homeless man just said I looked pretty today...
I'm wearing sweatpants butthsnks
sorry had to go offline, hope 2b back soon.
thanks for visiting sweetie
is going to be at smbmad ford.
Are you bringing your students?
Some tickets might be around.
ME TOO!!!
as soon as i finish working out and change!
see you tonight
I'm following Can I get a follow?
What should be the next song we cover?
Lets hear some opinions.
I just can't get this coding thing to work!!!!
Holy shit!
How do you do it ?!
yup so your in 8th grade
It makes me very uncomfortable.
Only made half of my 1000word goal today.
Better than nothing.
Stress that assessment doesn't necessarily kill innovation  depends on how its conducted.
Whoever has my catchers glove, give it back!
Going to be a shitshow today game with
Feeling so alive right now.
ChangedPerson:
Wednesday: scholarships to help students achieve their potential  Leeds Metropolitan University
With the Howard Williams jazz orchestra tonight 710, at the garage tonight.
I had to follow just because of her bio.
Haha.
Thanks for pointing it out.
Bryce Harper is a beast.
Throw last night was ridiculous.
Happy Friday!
www,varsityjackets09.com we rock the Burgh one jacket at a time 412 973 8262
Headed to AACU's annual meeting about highered student success in San Fran!
he looks like a 13 year old or a pedafile haha
Oh, you're using opera.
I cannot help you.
Seriously, I can't.
why do I have a feeling this is going to OT?
did you hit a shot today?
Visiting from outoftown during springbreak?
!
Whoever traveled the farthest will win a prize!
Just show us your id when you come in!
Could you please endorse our product?
It would make life so much easier if you had one to get around with in Berlin!
Cupid's Got A Gun  Nicki Minaj
the mere fact you used spiffy makes me proud to say you are my daughter.
Hv camera  video so removing those will get noticed ;
Model Call: Hair model needed for a shoot at Naz Kupelian Salon!
Models must be open to new hairstyles and hair colors.
DM me!
Paid!
what's up with Stevie?
Is he just getting old and needs a rest?
Just seeing it.
2012 just started and I've already been Rickrolled!
Going to the movies tomorrow.
Then airshow and bonfire Saturday...Meh pretty good weekend.
Hey, it worked!
Congrats!
how much
Take anything of mine away but take my passion they can't not
HEY You guys should follow !!
They just made a Twitter and only have 1 follower right now!
they're pretty cool too!
:
Today's Word: Grace.
Through grace I am made whole.
Where in NWQ is the new Grind located?
And what are the hours today?
Time to do some babysitting :
Try Sea Change by Aimee Friedman.
lmao wow funny
Missing school made my day awesome xD lol.
You're mean, bitch.
So my home girl said she have sex with her man twice a month yet she don't think they relationship in trouble, WOWZERS!!!
What y'all think?
under what?
Joomla Service?
Agree or disagree,...Everyone needs, desires and should be loved.
PERIOD.
No one person is better than another.
All.
but really to the line,  I'm going to make do much fun of you when you're 18.
me and cashier cracked up.
High5 for mom's w/ a dark wit.
Eye contact.
Love it.
checking email
PickUpLine: Do you believe in the hereafter?
Then you know what I'm here after.
I hope your mom gets better:
Yeah I think so because I've been having the same issues.
Laggy and sometimes monsters just stop moving
Happy Mothers Day!!
We thank each and every one of you for visiting AudioADD.net and spending time with our content.
Our readers are amazing!
Spent 9 on the lindsey lohan playboy, though I felt like a perv buying it
Awesome night last night.
Best one in a long ass time
If the good die young, what am I still doing here?
now following;
contact if you want to take an amazing class taught by J.
Buck Jabaily.
Catching up on news of the KDEpowered Spark tablet.
Will send out good links later.
Exciting stuff!
..our species is young, and curious, and brave.
It shows much promise.
Carl Sagan
Happy birthday to the homie enjoy your day.
Valentine's Day is tomorrow my daughter is my Valentine's always Love u Pumkin Mommy's baby
someone come redhill with me tmister?
On the come up
I hate negative ppl they always got something negative to say
WOW!
What a great FF championship game!
Congrats Tx AM on your first FF  first win in school history!
Great game ladies!
thanks for the add Sistar.
thinks jason stathom is sexy
Thanks for posting this .
I will be submitting for some auditions ,
the txts are delayed
Quote by Abraham Lincoln: Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Thanks for one heck of a show today.
Happy Easter to you  your family.
Thank them for sharing you with us today.

PeopleNeedToStop sending people fake freebies.
Follow us for real free samples today.
Got a solo in Apologize!!:D
There will be snacks.
I hope iam not going 2 be late 4 the bus
game on RT : Ready for baseball?
Three weeks from today Pirates pitchers and catchers report to Bradenton.
Let's go Bucs.
HAH!
following that logic maybe the atrocious timing of red lights is meant to encourage red light running and more professort!
Avengers was great.
3lb 3D glasses sucked.
Get your nose a stunt double if you see it in 3D.
I haven't done it on mine yet
Who do you think you are...
I AM!
Wonder what happened at the track meet between shady and liberty
rattle a few off...get me in the car.
Lol.
I don't believe that you are the real Bill Murray.
Can you prove it?
lookalikes, delirium, dj booth, shots, twin female djs, randomly running into dc peoples, private cars, and losing my voice.
typical LA
where did you go to school for photography ?
EVERTHING MUST GO !!!
UP TO 65 OFF !!!
FURNITURE SALE !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
she can sing, demi can sing.
Why can't their be a duet?
Does it matter by their reputation if they can do a duet or not?!
God is moving right now on your behalf.
What are you doing?
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?: 88
0 Award for Best Alignment of Sales  Marketing
BUT I DONT FOLLOW YOU RT : I hate both of yall!!
So, Mother's Day is a different kind of bad than Saw 2/3/4, but still bad.
I could see you being a mixture of meg and stewie 3
With McBride  Esperanza in the front ranks, it couldn't B a betta time 4 the bass.
Yahoo!
Looking forward to the event tonight.
Woot!!
There's AWESOME POWER girl herself LOVE the new avatar!!
YOU ROCK!
D
did u try cartoon hand signals?
Thanks, Nina!
ehugs!
: Thank you!!!
thankateacher teacherappreciationweek
you're welcome.
Glad you came!
It was a delicious meal at They know how to make seriously good  and fun  !
Just saw you on NBC Nightly news!
Can't wait to see their professorle on you
HAPPY EASTER ERRBODY!
What art offers is space  a certain breathing room for the spirit.
John Updike
thanks for the dm.
tried to reply but need a follow first
Let's do it!
It may even be ready before you go on tour.
We WOULD have to doctornk a bunch of bottled beers first though.
Right, with the Roman Empire and their plans to take over the earth.
Theme was spot on for your world peace statement.
Been a day of fishin' now for some country music HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO Y'ALL!
BE SAFE YEEFRICKIN'HAW not doctornk
not sure just decided too haha!
nah its cool .
but it was awsome!
i always forget on sundays that a new episode of Khloe  Lamar is on,  it makes me do mad!
Hopefully my mom recorded it!3
I have officially become Joel from Parenthood the TV show.
are you one that wishes death upon me?
I didn't send it to anybody!!
Ahh, makes sense!
Thanks.
what did you buy?!
See Wendy Williams Without Makeup in Stunning Makeunder
Excellent!
Canons ought to be lovingly lugged.
Well yeah, just push the button.
Who couldn't do that?
I have two Matt Wertz CDs.
He played at my summer camp like 3 years in a row.
Had dinner at my stepmoms parents house.
Super loud here, had to escape and go outside.
And why is he a dillhole??
Happy Holidays!
Remember to be safe.
It's Time To Get Ya Shit ..
Don't Forget To Close The Door
Help yourself  others create wealth by helping people save money by shopping online.
Simple.
Easy.
Beautiful!
www.marketamerica.com/lasko
Not sure how I feel about the NYT's headline for article on Ferriero: Collector in Chief Hoards Nations Irreplaceable Stuff
Obviously I do.
Lol
Thanks for the shoutout to Beezow!
Not going to Owens Party?
So...
Did you read it??
FromTheMixedUpFiles Hope your travels are amazing!
Yay : Kennedy did really good at the doctorll meet!
Enjoying a lunch break with Nathaniel Philbrick's Why Read Moby Dick?
Thanks for The Retweets!
I love you too!
Thank you so so much.
TREES going up in smoke all over the Nation.
...good morning family Distractions can and will be seductive, and they also make it very easy to procrastinate But merely filling you
Many words can describe this Knicks season.
I'd say the one that sums it up best is bizarre.
SICK..
this is such a bummer.
Should be an interesting night at work.
STARBUCKS HAPPY HOUR TODAY!!!!
COFFEE!!!
Maybe you should take a nap.
it's more calm and the water is nicer
Good morning!
I am healing!
No big deal ConversationFail choose your words wisely
S/o too them pretty bytChez :D
RIP Dick Clark.
Ball doctorpping will never be the same.
i'm mad now i want to fight
New Orleans, LA  need females for photoshoot.
Nudity involved.
Pay is 300 dollars.
music is whats up
To my right is pissed off white trash redneck conservative, and to my left is aging hippie liberal douche.
or i must be daydoctoraming because girl your like a doctoram come true.
;
Can food doctorve all day!
Put your canned goods out for your carriers to collect today please and thank you 
Be as you wish to seem.
Socrates
It's not like you care .
Okay, got a nice list.
Give me a day or so, it's Oscar time!
Thanks everyone.
We experience moments absolutely free from worry.
These brief respites are called panic.
Aphorist Cullen Hightower
WAR Scarecrow!!
RT : ONLY 100 FOLLOWERS TO GO BEFORE I GIVE MY WALKOUT SHIRT FROM ON FOX TO A RANDOM FOLLOWER!!!
Motivational seminar motivating backups on I 5  Barbur this AM
Totally want an underwater housing to shoot with!!!
AH :D
I feel so weak around you.
I can't help but text you.
anyone wanna do some collab parts for me?
please.
so i can upload the megamultifandom collab this weekend!
:
I never change this is Tigg every day :P
M...
Doesn't caramel doctorzzle make everything better?
Having a bad day?
Caramel doctorzzle!
so prob no Black  Mild smoking in the bathroom either then eh?
I'm good, freezing at the moment.
lol What are you up to?
Pay Per View?
RT : Oh.
But going to the movies would mean getting out of bed.
Orange juice fye
Wish I could be there.
Client meetings want me here in DC.
Have fun!
Just spent a hundoctord dollars on tiger stuffed animals.
I'm so happy.
Great meeting with potential new biz partner today.
Things are moving fast..its about time.
your eyes are pretty lol
Any thoughts on how to avoid having DFLL break a Feedburner RSS feed, which seems to choke in characters at title typehtml?
follow me please 3
Pensoft plans to Launch Biodiversity Data Journal.
Yum!!!!
Hope you guys are having fun :
Ah, I see, so your presence was meant to imply that the event was green...
I think I would have what you did.
So when  throwing that pool party : Bowwownation TeamBreezy let me know
Kids choice awards are tonight yeah buddy
I suppose, and that's why they suck.
ooopsie tell rasheeda I said happy birthday
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Kobe is excellent but no mj.
MJ doesn't get behind by 30 in the playoffs to a team no stars, flu or no flu.
Congratulations to you on being one of the Top 10 winners of the PARMA Competition!
12 more days until Incubus at the Riverside.
Stoked!
Not everyone can be a Barbie....some ppl should identify themselves as Rag Dolls!!
Random thought
hi I was just wondering if the conference call numbers are local or longdistance or tollfree?
thanks
VMart
Great way to support our locals!
RT : just read about Cash Mobs in Inc magazine last week.
What a great concept.
it's cause y'all are the cosmetic queens, no one has y'alls skill lol 
aw, sorry to hear that.
I lost my cat to cancer about a year and a half ago  that was really rough.
hmm that doesn't sound good!
:/
Gruden's QB Camp on ESPN is a little bit too inside baseball  even for me.
your welcome..
: 
Keeping your job 101: learn to let go of your passion for beautiful websites and web standards, and just do what the client wants.
:/

Thanks Meg!
I hope your advisor liked them too.
Check the website for upcoming events.
LIKE us on Facebook!
Working on my SXSW Interactive schedule...one of my favorite weeks of the year.
Do you want to check out the studio Wed.?
A race against the sunset for Richard Jackson's Accidents in Abstract Painting flight...suspense, art, performance
Damn it!
I needed gas a doctorve right by Sam's club
mister Peel and Steed will always be the 1 Avengers in my heart.
DontThinkJustBecause u famous you aint human
hahahhahahhahahahahahahahahaha that tweet just killed me
IDK how we have marble beer on tap.
That is the only good thing about our Hotel
RT : There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
Tried to brush my teeth with my left hand.
Felt mentally handicapped.
The first condoms in the U.S.
were made from vulcanized rubber in the 1870s.
Melanie Fiona's new cd is awesomeand she's a total babe too
Some guy just sat down at my table at this restutant.
Is this the MOST awkward feeling?
There's a good chance of it.
my only thought is obv people in MO MN  CO have zero knowledge of political history.
Do they wonder why Santorum got voted out of office?
Man it amazes me of how much of a nerd I can be.
And/Or BabyZent ?
bringning this one back
Great way to meet people or come out of your shell  VOLUNTEER at the sign in table at BASHH!
Who's up for it!?
: cc
There's a brother at UofC who is working on this exact issue via a nationwide tuition cap campaign.
I can DM his info if interested
Power went out at work.
So, we went to Bar Louie.
Good times.
the awkward moment when you're missing derby for the first time in 6 years....
no disrespect !
I said that I love his tweets !
Fresh Is A Way Of Life
Thank you!
KC is a good friend of mine  we went to college together and she is a theater director in PA now.
Thanks so much!
We're off and running at the Monona Grove boys track and field incitational at MG Hight School at John Klement Stadium.
So hungry my stomach is cramping.
HURRY GRAMMMMMAAA.
Step 3: Setting up Personal Learning Env.
PLE Found top blogs in Photography; next is newsreader; using bloglines
Is he talkingg about me ?!
i think you will be crispy and delicious.
I know!
Agreed to this 1st.
Have game center app though
Are tanning beds REALLY bad for you in moderation during the summer?
Just curious.
Anyone wanna chime in?
Woohoo!
Passed 2,000 followers over the weekend!
Thx to of Humanity Healing International for being our 2,000th follower.
Do!
Joel and George Sanders just had conversation about weird name spellings while being chased by police.
Casting call all done.
Time to film the trailer
oh no!
really?
u liked that one?
i didn't think it was that funny.
step brothers though...classic!
Rogue federal agents feel defied they're going to teach me an 18 year long message that's so out of hand deathPenalty is on the table

talking in the library is ABSOLUTELY encouraged!
can connect u w/ Chicago libs
Had a fantastic time  the decaturbookfestival Sad to leave behind the amazing folks I met.
But I'm feeling inspired again.
DTW here I come
: I LOVE your DP!
thanks cutie :
My mom is going to the nato summit.
What is that?
Mix crush potato chips with pretzels, peanut butter and dark semi chocolate chips.
Enjoy with a cold cola...very good for any sweet tooth!
ALL SHE NEEDS IS CHEESE.
As I listen to Robbie Williams on , I'm reminded of how talented the dude is.
Brash and British, his music is rad.
RE: signs in Lau about OccupyDC: For the record, if you go to Georgetown there's a large chance you're not the 99
Not sure if Saks was the best fit for this TV show.
IJS...
lmao...like I said, we will be very accomplished.
Hope men aren't intimidated by our awesomeness haha
you have school tomorroww?
Congrats to Kastaway for a successful album release concert at Beer Co!
3
Do not bother about folks stealing your ideas.
If your thoughts are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
On our way to Universal Studios Hollywood!
Both of our first times!
!!
THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I hate when that happens.
: Wrote a good one today.
Can't wait to play it for y'all!
can't wait for this!
: For anything that cannot be marketed will inevitably vanish.
Nicolas Bourriaud some days are better than others.
Thank you for your kind message.
Scary to put myself out there, but if it makes animals' lives better, it's worth it.
I know 3 he really is a good guy
hot sex  cold wine...
she left that nigga hanging like a clothes line...
Reach for the stars so if you fall you'll land on a cloud.
HAPPY 31 BIRTHDAY!!!
HOPE U HAVE THE BEST BDAY EVER!!
3333 :
Hahahaha: I was the reporter for the CJ and had fewer followers than , I too would be bitter
are you 80 yrs old?
when are you having dinner??
4pm?
You can meet up with my grandma at the Golden Corral :
hey there!
I'm booking a show 6/3 at Zydeco!
or 2162407582 for more info :
dont think my makeup could get anymore doctorgqueen today
Tip of the day: If you don't want to get a parking ticket then alls you got to do is put your hazards on.
Howdy!
Thanks for following!
Hope you dig the show!
Anybody have connections to ?
Cause I really want to do a video for him
We need to stop complaining about this game, damn it.
Last time I checked we were still in it.
Anyone can catch your eye, but it takes someone special to catch your heart.
Be consistent with your branding across your social media sites
GAIN 3.1 released today on !
You can now upgrade with iOS 5.0 or higher  bug fixes  on boarding improvements.
Thanks for coming out last night misterMayor!
her van has a 301 with a supercharger and 4.10 gears, its pretty boss its almost faster than my mustang cobra!!!
Want to do something with real objects?
Make the physics right  perfect.
Now give it to an engineer.
Imperfect but realistic.
Have him hold the asprin between his cheeks?
How now, brown cow?
With digestive fluid you say?
Along with some hay?
NJudah hit man at Civic Center.
doctorver broken up as expected.
Race moved to the 27th, coverage at 7:02, green flag at 7:27 ....
coincidence?
I think not!!
whoeverimarry I will stick with for richer or poorer thru sickness and health til death do us part
I think I was just SUBTWEETED LOL THANKS HIM!
:: I don't care how it feels  it is not Friday yet.
Please don't get my hopes up.
ThingsIReallyCantStand how movies make relationships look so easy
Who's readyfortheweekend?
Thinkin about the shit I need to do before I leave Wed.
Nails, hair, massage, laundoctor, wax, pack..
Egh!
Seems like this list will never end!
THE WORLD IS WITH YOU THE WORLD IS WATCHING
A fabulous mission!
So thankful for support like this.
: 72 Days till newbounce get icy www.icemen.bebold.org.uk alopecia
In 98's isn't fc Dallas in first place?
It was amazing, and intense, and powerful.
Really makes the everyday bull seem small.
Selfmade Thursdays 10 N.Center St Orange NJ 5 mixed doctornks 20 Sangria Pitchers free buffet, crazzyy djphatboy on da set get there early
messi.
Without Iniesta and xavi is just another player ..not the best in the world !
I'm already super stoked from the photos!
More Chris Rock please!
You guys are about to experience a Peaches crowd on steroids.
GOOD LUCK!
Best advice on bldg empathy I've seenchap 9, Buddha's Brain, Hanson  Mendius.
New nickname for Sproles: Happy Feet!
PLEASE TWEET !
she is thinking about committimg suicide : Please stop her!
She LOVES you!
OLS wants to emphasize reuse of data bein generated.
BREAKING: Police/fire at scene of suspicious death Skyline Blvd  W Burnside.
Body found not in home.
Stay tuned
yea I know !
And can we rent cabins?
It kills me that I hurt you this way.
I know that I've let you down.
I know that you deserve much better.
But that doesn't make it easier.
Tickets still available for Urbanized tonight at 7pm!
Hope to see you here!
One person ruined my day but they guys mae it better hehe
Had the most wonderful nap didn't want to get up but back to work I go..
back at you!
sept...
u need to push that date up to a summer month
Top100Lies I'll do it tomorrow...
Oh crap...
RT owner Doug Manchester wants the North County Times, too.
voiceofsandiego.org/environment/mu
Wants to follow me3 if he does my life will be complete.:
Hey get to go on a date with me.
I get lots and lots of homework in all subjects!
Do you have end of year exams?
:
can not wait till i have my day off on friday
haha, nothing is happening tonight.
I can guarantee you that!
It is baseball season and we have great rockies gear for the
J14Loves1D WhatMakesMeBeautiful is the fact that I don't believe in wearing makeup.
Beauty comes from your soul 3
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
and support the future of Education and Students in America!
Any body else notice dondoctorepers daughter is like 33 now?
: some motherfuckers , get on my damn nerveslol ..who you tellin
This 2nd period has been nervewracking
Matter your Lightsaber size does not, how you use it will.
I dont feel I have too 
Happy CincoDeMayo Everyone!!!!!!!
anyone know where we can get large amounts of ice cream?
The New Years show should have sprinkles and be served in a waffle cone.
To think, i could be fishing right now!
It's too early for this nonsense.
Coffee and some sustenance are needed.
Missing Cheetos really bad right about now..lol
Reminder: All Threaded Type tees are only 16, no code needed just shop away!
www.ThreadedType.com
Yea fuck the world
Sounds like we had great ladies as moms.
Mine was a Tigers' fanatic.
.
Have a great Mother's Day!
thanks hon
Happiness is an attitude.
We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong.
The amount of work is the same.
Francesca Reigler
I love sleep, but never get it!
Movie night, House of Wax :
Can't belive were losing!!!
We got this Twins
Hello Pollen..
Hitting the 11.2 mark today..
11.4 tomorrow..
and 11.7 on Friday..
stay indoors or prepared if pollen is the culprit!
free doctornks now!!!!
4 beers of your choice.
Show bartender.
: Happy birthday to me, ringing 25 in at duh
85 south.
Hello, old friend.
My neighbors are having a bonfire in their back yard which is cool I guess, BUT MY ROOM SMELLS LIKE FIRE AND I CAN'T BREATHE.
SEND HELP.
No better end to a long week than hearing my 5yrold girl hum the theme to the Godfather.
he kinda looks hot, right:?
Those Who Follow !
Issues are Delaying Us From Going LIVE, We Will Do Our Best To Keep You Updated..!
In this sequel, ebook expert Polanka dives even deeper into the world of digital distribution.
hopefully getting paid soon buddy
RejectedMittRomneySlogans marriage is between a man  a woman,  another woman,  a couple of other women
the news makes me depressed.
Some days I really believe I am brilliant.
Today is one of those days.
Yesterday was not.
If I ever get stuck on one side of this, I'm done.
Loving my family  my man to the max!!!
BO IM NOT ALLOWED TO FOLLOW ANY MORE PEOPLE UNTIL I GET MORE FOLLOWERS!!!
THIS SUX
thanks for follow..we'll work together soon
I gotta get in front of a tv STAT!
oh shit....did I miss all the doctorma?!?!
And of course Tim ran out the back door....haha!
DAMN DA WHOLE CLASS FINNA GET IN TROUBLE...LMAO LIKE RIGHT NOW
I really wanna wear my suede shoes...but I feel like that's just asking for it to rain.
Hahahahaha al revés!
I do my doctormming warm up and then gym workout!
How about you lately?
A woman's heart is a deep ocean of secrets, you guys titanic'd
stop bribing people with your cupcakes
house arrest...
?
Retweet of you're feeling generous.
We could always use more followers.
Thanks again.
haha hey a way to get richer :D im gonna go watch some seinfeld ill talk to you tomorrow :D goodnight !
I was thinking about getting a ticket to see Once on Broadway over break, but I'm thinking I'll wait until the summer.
Maybe July 4th at 2pm
I say you're all just too god damn sensitive.
Why can't all airports be like Tampa?
Tampa airport is great.
I am in San Diego in a ridiculously long line.
I wish I could be there!
Practice tonight.
RT : will I see you tonight?
That works :
The Macon Telegraph, Ga., Ed Grisamore column  Chicago Tribune
Woot Woot!
Glad ya like it :D RT I love that Tampico juice especially the red one lol :
sup u!
Americans consume 34 teaspoons of sugar a day and have the highest obesity rate in the world, coincidence?
Man I bet Obama is kinda regretting starting tht war over in Afghanistan .
.
.
oh wait HE DIDN'T
And he'd finish it off with ...one score to bring them all and in his music bind them.
Bro Hit me up its Yoosuf
Had the most amazing GF lunch today!!
Mixed greens, tuna salad, flaxseed!
healthy/happyeating!
's Creative Director, Lisa White, will explain Autumn/Winter 201213 Macro Trends at www.roomhomeintelligence.com in London!
FB has started rolling it out to fan pgs.
About 1/2 my clients have this feature.
Option appears in status updates
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy granny g
how big is the hail?
Hell yeah Harrison!
Thanks for checking us out.
Life's too short to be a boring person.
We're so cool :
In addition to a kind of turtle, a loggerhead is a tool used to melt tar or heat liquids.
Who knew?
I hate the program River Deep!
And Im seeing what you need and Im thinkin its me
Not really surprised by NC decision.
They don't really have a good track record when it comes to civil rights or progress.
Interview went well, now going to help a buddy move and then going to the gun range.
This time tomorrow it will be summer.
hey its my sweet16 birthday 1
yea ur lovely..where u from
Maybe billed in cycles or partial year?
Just wondering if it's worth 150/yr for my limited usage.
Maybe I'll be back some day after my holiday.
So why did you guys sleep in or wake up super early on this awesome saturday?
Miami Heat is the most hated team in the NBA!
Heat didn't even play today!
But somehow we still get thrown in the mix cuz the lakers lost!
w00t!
Happy DigitalSisterhood Wed to both of you!
So my tattoo artist just emailed me the outline she doctorw up for the rest of my sleeve  I LOVE IT !!
we will be in the new house tomorrow!
david says its a lot like yours...
too late!
It makes me tear up, too, because I'll be in Chicago, and performing when she plays there at the Vic!
:
Any AP'S of these prints or this was all she wrote?
is writing his UArts speech.
RT: I have no idea what to tell people graduating from college.
I must pretend to be wise.
you don't know that ;
Kids are chanting ASAP during Exquire's set...
this is what happens when you actually go to bed at a decent time
omg these dms are going to kill me someday I swear .
hahahahaha cause they so burnt they get dehidoctorted.
Ok.
If you don't want your paint scratched, I suggest you doctorve on the lawn.
:The 's on ths scale mean nothing.Nourish your body.
Move from joy.You can just BE the person you want to be.
Starting NOW!
good job!
Please don't watch next week!
Best Friends Forever is my new jam!
Have you seen it yet?
I'm surprised at the way the Vikings and Colts have handled their personnel.
A.
P.
Should not be the only star on offense.
Colts come on man
: haha i understand it perfectly.!
P white girls just spray tan.!
Lolz  ooh why thank you.
;
OneWordThatDescribesHer who is her
Celebrating a birthday with a special friend tonight.
Cognac, cigars  chocolate cake!
Gonna be a late night as it should be.
At Berlin w/ taking shots!!!!!
Hi, do you practice NLP?
And do you like sci fi and fantasy?
been a customer since 04, n now I can't make calls in 3g, data goes out every day at the same time, n ur csr's are horrible n rude!
12 years ago today Britney released her 2nd album Oops..I Did It Again and shattered records when it sold 1.347 million copies in 1st week
FOLLOWERS..
Will u please LIKE us on FB?
www.Facebook.com/MindMystifyingDesigns We got some GREAT deals contests and more :
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
I can spend hours upon hours viewing memes.
yes he is , he think he hip
hey ariana!
how are you?
Sanders wants to spend taxpayer money on a new Chargers stadium when they're not even popular enough to sell out the first one.
Ridiculous.
Need a cocktail already?
Stop in for Happy Hour and get 2for1 on anything until 7:00!
Something I really like about the new printing system : I can do the actual printing part after the library closes
Off to work I go!
RT : hm lol u need to get it will bless u  on payday fo sho lol
your website sucks.
Only the rule followers follow the rules...and believe me we are in the minority.
Me
assuming that burger's from riverside, and by MI4 you mean sandoctor  luis's show in lynchburg, then i'm all for patriotism
Happy Birthday
It's never too late to have a happy childhood.
Berkeley Breathed
Just submitted our files for the WikipedianinResidence panel for AAM's Virtual Conference.
No going back now!
Damn I 4got I had this CD.
This cd will get u action!!!
NP Lessons in Love  Lloyd
this is a woman...apparently Satan had 2 childoctorn
should of came over
: I might not be everything you ever wanted, but Im always going to be more than you deserve.
Scored an exit row seat!
Um are you also dying to know what makes Emily scream in her Barbie voice, I have never been so angry!
doctornkin like I 4 livers and 10 lungs , addicted to green money and black guns
your welcome handsome :
Have to find time to sleep more so I won't be so exhausted
Da Sheckals will be releasing a new single in the coming months.
It will titled Bootymeat..
When and you go bowling and see Johnny and Marshay.
Em what did he say when u went to talk?
I still haven't even eaten today haha
Went outside for a half hour at work today and I'm already sunburnt.
That's the life of a ginger!.
Who Need professorssional Photos Done for an Amature Price
Hi !
Let me know if you have questions.
: cc
Also, genius strategy by Wade saving his energy for crunch time.
Reppin' red, white, and blue with some lunch!
It does help with the darker roasts.
Depends on personal preferences.
Did you like it?
give me a fake right I mean give me a brake!
split his tail!!!
Cowboys got better today when they released Newman.
I agree, this is not the right song for her...thematically.
Well done by Kevin Costner
something wild in Minnesota lol :
RT : Suffered a setback lately?
Fred Astaire got it right: Pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and start all over again!
Ik way too many ppl in my family with cancer  too many friends....I pray for the day that cancer is just a zodiac sign 
how could she hate ZAYN!?
OMFG.
Get up.
Stand up.
bob marley
I see the game for what it is.
No matter which side of the budget repair bill issue u may be on, this is class warfare at it's finest.
pleased to meet you!
uh oh.
good episode?
watching it tomorrow.
Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love.
I know, and what about the preview for next week.
Can't wait!
oh nvm I just saw the other one!
haha I disagree he's awesome!!
Thank you for the follow as well!
Have a great week Lubna.
doctorKE WEEK!
you excited?
3
askthestooges Larry Moe and Curly.
Any relation to Father Son and Holy Ghost?
Had a doctoram that Mike Carp hit a 550 foot HR out of Safeco Field, baseball must be around the corner.
18 days till Spring Training!
sappy tweet, cookout with a great group.
Love this.
what the fuck?
its not sexxi its gay!
Just like your sister says.
your a faggot
webfaction's been treating us pretty well, but of course it depends on what sort of features you need.
Selection sunday is like christmas to some coaches and to others it's a nightmare.
Best of luck to all the teams.
hey thx!!
Hope you're well my friend!
Found an awesome new site for organizing my family: www.cozi.com.
At this rate, I'd say it's getting almost inevitable.
Absolutely.
The timing sucks!
Yes I am!
Soo glad lol
I KEEL YOU!!!
Jerky Boys
I'm boreed.
follow me: I love You..
do whatever the cool kids at UCLA are doing ;
See?
Found a great professorle picture!
Ty and blessings
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate u giving me some head when we leave here right
Don't tell I'm doing IT Academy tutorials.
Actually learned a lot from the beginner's Word session.
Moving on...
What are some simple steps you take each day to support your local Economy?
Let's start the conversation today!
Halloween!
Love it!!
We are pledging to dig more into the underground music scene...got to do better!
Sure do!
Anytime for a fellow, passionate trainer : You're in Yuma???
Why did I think you were in Indianapolis?
Moved?
You're must be so naive not to know who you're?
Things are starting to get interesting...
: so far 3 of my friends have shirts lmao they are excited straight ridiculousness...
Homeowner struggling to make payments?
Contact us to learn about all of your optionshow a shortsale can help www.chicagoshortsalegroup.com
: Blondes only trust a few.
thehairoscope made me think of you cause were both blondes3
Ugh im pissed!
Ain't that the truth...
RT : Wall Street calls Zuckerberg immature.
What's really immature?: Crashing markets in '08  not taking responsibility....
So I'm on my break and some ol man just licked his lips at me...
silly silly silly
The Libyan capital does not belong to Benghazi which historically is part of a differtent nation.
the weather is fucked up, first its hot now its cold
I'm ridin around and gettin it
A man bets his wife she cant make him happy  sad at the same time.
She said Your dck is bigger than your brothers
I love when people doubt me,because it makes me try even harder 3
glad you like it dude!
More power than his dad, less than the female wretsler intern.
C'moon!
RT : And you wonder where Prince gets all that power
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight.
Even tho this is a labor of love and it can get tough, i wouldn't change it for the world.
Thanks for coming last night y'all!
love thunder3
I think liberals are just jealous of the wealthy and are secretly DYING to pay 15 taxes.
Well WORK FOR IT, YOU LAZY POORS!
No problem, sweetie.
:
I'm so tired today.
I didn't even do anything that required extreme work.
we loved The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel
: Let's hear it for World Autism Awareness Day WAAD x
I'm so tired.
Slap happy as fuck.
Ricky's hair
Funniest work email I've gotten ever.
Can't believe this guy sent it to the whole company.
Yankees and Rays going at it right now.
Meanwhile, everyone is panicking over the RedSox after one game.
Fun in the AL East!
I will not look in every burial urn...
I will not look in every burial urn....
skyrim
yeah makes him self stuter
How da fuck we have 5 people in foul trouble going into halftime?
When viewed from a nonmobile device, I should say...
Happy New Year everyone!
2012 will be A Time 2 Love!
This has been an intense round of the Local ChefChallenge.
1 min left
thingsiregret that's it.
Everything else this year has been a learning curve or a great experience :
Hope everyone had a totally awesome Mother's Day Weekend!!
Its crazy what ur lady would do for a pair of lubes
G.M.N.I.: Two weeks.
God willing.
Of course  we all are.
I wonder why professor don't seem willing to build courses that will engage students on that level.
Y'all have no lives :P
I gave my dog peanut butter..
Lmfao!
So so so bored....
I wanna be back Home!
got my nails done yesterday :
get better:
Its 11:11 so I made a wish...
American Violet.
Rough morning does not bode well for a good day.
Oh well at least it's Friday!!
TheWood my movie, one of my favorite throwbacks!
Help spread the word!
Each time someone tweets beatcancer 2day .05 will be donated 2 charities  !
Don't forget to take your vitamins :
My Man Blake!
Love the Avi pics bro!
That's the best fit 4 Payton!
Rock On!
: Exboyfriend's should stay exboyfriends...U left for a reason...yes I agree
Looking at a lot of doctorwings and paintings on was a major ego boost.
Love getting asked back to speak places.
It's the little things....
Updates from last night?
NBA, MLB, NHL ?
On the plane with Juliette Lewis...yeah the homicidal maniac from Natural Born Killers.
CHYEAH
LOL they do make a damn fine bbq chicken here.
Found a notebook in my bed.
Apparently I woke up in the night to write Novel Writing 2: Back in the Habit.
Zayn looks like a rapist
There are only so many firsts in life esp.
w/ kids.
How important is that happy hour?
Only you can make the choice
It's gonna be hard pauz but let's get this win.
I think they're actually doing a sequel to Twins with Ahhnold and DeVito!
Me and Steph on the beat thats a scary sight Chief Keef voice lmao
Awesome video JAJA!!!
Y'all keep on doing your thing
Thank you for leading today, Matt.
The topic was huge for me this week, and I'm thankful for all you guys.
Are you having a good day?
I've read tons of glowing reviews; can't wait to get it over here.
The last good thing i have left and you had to go.
Perfect!
Thank you and for coming by tonight!
I look forward to working with you both!
The moment your born you have less time to live your life.
It's time to start living your life.
Weird Al is ok when he pokes fun at songs I don't like, but he needs to back up off my favs.
:/
This gives me two correct predictions of who the Ravens would get.
Upshaw and Streeter.
Thanks for the follow Jess!
Have a good one :
we don't pop collas we pop colla bones lmao
My bestfriend is not on :
The future of the world would be assured if every child was loved.
doctor Bernie Siegel
RT : Sen.
Dorgan  North Dakota will soon become America's 2nd most productive energy state 
head bobbin lyrics of wutang with the soul groovin instrumentals of budosband staten island's finest 10 piece funk band?
I can't follow anyone.
When is this twitter bug going to be fixed?!
Thank you for joining us where we just enjoyed a gorgeous Hawaiian sunset and a bottle of
Morning Jim!
Sold my bike today, already hunting for a new one :
We have a spring break trip!!!
To mississippi
that duality and instant availability is best example of social media at its finest.
yeah, B1G gonna b about OhioState  UM again.
with Buckeyes being stronger.
Urban has that passion again.
he is home.
you are a crazy doctorver!
D:
my first real hack!
StarFest 2010 in Denver next weekend!!!!
So excited!!!!
love love it, share that yesterday.
Best part: Less marketing douchebaggery :
the best of luck to you love :
Firm in RVA has an immediate need to fill in administrative position and is seeking recent college grads.
RT
Playing 2k at crescent by myself
Should've spent night reading.
Instead I procrastinated by voting, eating, cleaning, folding laundoctor, watching TV.
Now must read.
It's awkward having the office kitchen right next to the bathrooms and having to hear women unspool ungodly amounts of TP while I eat.
Rappers talkin bout they CEO's with no type of publishing distribution or budget jokers
Again Bridget blogged onflaming volume
cannot wait until believe.
Turn to you was amazing, image a whole album!
thank you.
Love you .xx
I love lazy Sundays.
Happy Easter!
just heard you on Madison radio  welcome to the isthmus.
Go badgers!
that's exactly what we gon do
.
Thank you Senator for standing up for what are basic human rights,  demanding dignity  honor from our Commonwealth of
I'm good: Happy dec.6 Hope all is well:
good job, swami!
If they think they can salvage it, then yes, that works, too.
RT : can we give it to the Navajo and Apache?
I got your point.
I'm just saying that D is still the least of Laker issues.
Team needs to continue to improve offensively.
is it ok for a guy who is in a relationship to go out for just doctornks with a female friend?..best answer is if I have to ask then its not
ditto me for hockey.
do they still have teams in Canada?
RT To me, the NBA playoffs exist only on Twitter
If it weren't for UW alumni smbmad wouldn't have such a great venue.
One Woot Woot for Best mascot ever
workflow been here 3 hrs got 11more hrs to go Gotta love working in the medical field long hrs..
HUGE pay check ..
make me    ;
Can't wait until tomorrow, scraps all day.
Why do celebs tweet how they really feel  then apologize?
Opinions are like buttholes
Is there any city you would rather be in than CHICAGO when it is this nice out?
As hard as it is, sometimes you just need to put on your big girl undies and move on...
Dona Ana Co.
Detention Center director: Were stacking, packing and racking them to make them all fit.
They do because I keep getting circle follows from non Germanic languages ha
Things are slightly more under control.
Thanks for the help.
Galleries still need to b rearranged.
But that can b done on Mon.
yep, just guessing.
And you'd need to clientside subtract them from results for a more pure geo search
Will the Governator become the king of illegitimate kids?
Has Shawn Kemp been officially dethroned?
Washing your sheets every week.
i cant believe will is still following this account TT :P
one of my closest friends is a huge fan as am I do you think you can give her a shout out her name is rebel thank you.
A fabulous group of 20somethings in Boston were just sent invitations to a ConnectingCircle to meet new local friends!
Only five days left to take advantage of free shipping!
tfuu is that?
I'm so pissed when I went to the grocery store they didn't have any milk.
Fucking Lebron's fault
Thanks for bringing great music to Milwaukee for the last 20 years!
HEY PEOPLE, Being in a relationship is a fulltime job.
Don't apply if u're not ready  don't give the position to everyone that applies.
positive cash flow in 90 days  he should find lots of proposals that will be able to do that
Lakers bench is almost nonexistent.
Graduated today.
Threw down a belt after.
C question then I'm off to feed the zoo.
Can I do a DateTime.ParseExact when I don't have delimiters in my date?
ie 4122009 ?
Thanks so much for the follow!
NO ididnt doctornk alot, just a beer and a shot but the shot was watered down by pepsi THATS ITT
If I'm Ridin passenger seat in your car and some dumb ass wanna act stupid and pisses me off; I'm beapin the horn if you don't.
Work at 2
oh shit, puddle of mudd?
MAYBE IM THE ONE, schizophrenic psycho yeuhhhhhh
She's at work bby, she won't reply now.
I know!!
It would have been great to see you in person!
Next year :
If you doctornk more Pomegranate White Tea than I do, you do not exist.
Bless up mi fren, a you name whe yu name an yu name cyaa change!!
Yu good man.
...
It appears that there may be some decrement in psychomotor skills premenstrually and during the early part of menstruation.
next pay check I'll pick up something nice for you and nee :
Yes!
RT : Congrats to in his unanimous win in !
Thx 2
At this rate, I will be packing for Boston on the way to Midway.
hopefully it will determine whether states rob the taxpayers to fund insanely risky and expensive ventures like video games.
its a line from a Lupe fiasco song
You can take mine, too!
RT : Nightwalk is my favorite walk.
you are so gross!
I burned off 600 calories doing an hour on the eliptical.
It wasn't for lack of trying.
I just like how my hair looks better.
My hairdoctorsser next month is gonna be like WTF?
haha
Don't forget to follow us at Twitter:
When we have to pick partners to work with and everyone picks me i feel cool
.
Yes, please do.
Thank you for the news!
OneDay, we'll all shine, turn Earth n2 a SuperNova, swallow up the sun!!
3
freaking gross
I did friend you I believe, no Clan Ops scheduled yet.
the last one we got Silver,Elite had issues so all clans get 500xp anyway.
you can keep insulting me.
Ashley, Tashonda and Stacey have been hard at work making the BoutiQue at BodyTrends South amazing!!!
You must go in and see!!
Are they textbooks or just books?!
Hope your tummy gets better soon.
waht a pain to have an upset stomach.
You are a oneway mirror.
So much for the eagles going after Kuechly in the doctorft.
well i think you just got lucky this time
O: HARSH!!
I don't want your bitch.
Oops I mean hoe.
Fuck my bad your girlfriend 
i hope she did !!
she can get me if she want me !!
lol
Worst AB of the season.
Ugh
First cousin marriage is legal in NorthCarolina?!
fail equality All it takes for to triumph is for good men to stay silent.
Met the core of Young London tonight.
About 20 teens freaking out over my American accent on the tube.
oh, they were on their way to a rave
No matter how strong of a person you are, there's always someone who can make you weak.
Anyone in Miami tonight?
Exhibit opening at Tampa Bay History Center on Sat 5  Blue  Gray in Tampa Bay: the Civil War on Florida's Gulf Coast
These recipes have a glaring lack of liquid nitrogen, now that I think of it.
its cool my girl has those nights too and I do too lol
went out and got a road bike.
Starting Monday I will be starting to go really hard.
Hopefully the weather stays good
heard it all before...
Lol
How do all locations have an endless supply of dope music?
What are some of your favorite words?
A Word About Words and her readers share their fav's, what are yours?
I wish I could kiss you again.
The toy can be used in several different ways.
ok, I'll ask the Prepared Foods Team, I know we do carry it at our Fremont, Hollywood, and Laurelhurst locations.
About to go for a run  then to feista tx!
come up here scooter!
Closing the office.
Have a good weekend, everyone!
Pencil in Stephon Gilmore as an opening day starter for the
I Grew Up On The Other Side...
GETTIN IT INN
Test time bitches
Thanks for your support in stopping the Glass Box on the upper Terrace All Alumni thank you.
Today's the day all my friends travel the globe and I weep.
France, Prague, China, etc.
I can't wait another month!
:
I deserve so much better...
and Convey should have a field day with whoever this right back is for LA.
Not so good.
Getting torched by Nguyen from NE.
re Sarah Phillips...I can't get over that we live in a world where is providing key evidence in the hijacking of
Too soon.
I need to let it rest and recuperate for at least 24 hours.
This is some bad sardines.
idunno, errybody been locked out lately D:
The get down
Some people find answers, some people find problems.
Thought for the Day...There is a Difference between a Hair Stylist and a Hair Care Provider.
Oh my that hurt.
thanks Patrick!
We sure do appreciate it : 
omfg I have a question
You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women.
i have never wanted to not come back to chicago that badly in my life.
california has magical powers.
Just met a lady from Argentino that didn't speak English..
New Fan!
I used my awesome foreign language skills, also met a lady from China!
iA Writer does it pretty well via iCloud.
Simplenote / Notational Velocity is okay.
I have been communicating with Kent directly and offered to host him back Hopefully he will say Yes!
I like eggs.

...OMG!!...it's COLD!!
The Divorce rate is higher that ther Marriage rate that's why many couples keep thier name!!
lol thanks bro thats only 2 out of 20 im gonna use all of them for my tape, do you need any?
i still have 55 unused samples
ComedyTV show went off with out a hitch, thanks 2 everyone 4 ur prayers  sa port  especially Byron Allen 4 again reaching out 2 me.
Stacy Robinson w/  Rest in Peace bro!!!
Hey!
I'm so glad you thought of me!
Let's definitely put something on the calendar soon.
I'll send you my avails by Friday!
:
TONIGHT  UV Friday  NIGHT LIGHTS with Special Guest DJ's Sinseven, Curtis Dirt, Xavier  Morningstar along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!
Thanks to everyone for the love and support:Without You Apache Chief feat.
Denny Love on iTunes!!
Common  Blue Skies
Yeah, it's fixed.
I thought I had blocked them, but I hadn't.
I did now, so it should be good now.
Good is not good where better is expected.
Most people get mad when a social network is having problems,how about getting of your ass  doing something?
Theres a world out there lol
Hah if you got a bunny what would you name it
whodat say they gonna beat them saints?
saintsfootball : 3
Don't forget to check out the details of the soccer tournament we are having under our events section here on Facebook!
Finished The Hunger Games series at 4 in the morning.
It was so good!
1 teenage VoiceOver booking, 1 young mom commercial callback,  1 PreK Shakespeare class means 3 very different wardoctorbe changes today
Remixed to the point of unrecognizable.
...
One critical question using SSD as a cache or storage tier is dependent on endurance/reliability of flash
That moment when you shoot a basketball through the hoop and you feel like a god.
no where near there n happy to say that!!!
Lol...
Just had a fascinating talk with a guy from BP about oil spill data preservation  and hes not even here for
hmm, I'm thinking so much for pedicabing tonight, looks like more severe weather...
:
Still going to Corey Hart  Daniel tonight?
this has officially been the longest day ever.
So it is National doughnut day on Saturday, I might have to head to the and celebrate!
Today is mandatory REST day...morning feels so off!
been fabulous.
And you?
What's new and exciting?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 50
What's going on in the sunshine state?
So far this season, only the Jags have won a game.
They got the upset over the Texans!
HES NOT PLAYING NOW IT FIGURES THE LINE MOVEMENT!
I ALREADY HAVE THEM
I'm in daddy mode.....daddy son weekend kicking off....with hair cuts...then I'm taking my son too the studio later..
LEGACY !!!
dam i really thought about it and your crazy!
Not only are you a SEAMONSTER but a ZOMBIE !
opening up the twitter, the FB page, the website...
cause the first gig was that HOT!
boston will now be Federated forever.
FDMF is off and running.....
rumors around the social networks are saying there could be more news to come ;
I'm pretty sure this paper is dismantling my synapses, one at a time.
WHY IS THIS SO HARD WE ROCKED THAT CLASS.
1 Thessalonians 5:1618...that's who you arethanks for keeping it positive!
Would be so nice if my house would clean itself!
Discovered an amazing writer  Mikhail Shishkin.
Where do we know each other from?
I can only imagine!
through refresh.
that way, people just follow refresh on twitter, or sub to the mailing list  get the community info that way
ready for to screw up our home playoff games they will be no help and shit the bed not to be negative but they really are bag heads
myweddingsong One less lonely girl.
Oh no.
LOL
obey is like my fave word now
It's funny how often comedy isn't.
Sittin outside waitin for this damn class to start!!!!
Everyday is Halloween in Baltimore
talked to people there and listened to there stories.
But damn their lives are bad
I love the way the air feels outside when it is getting ready to storm.
Ditto!
Except I've been there, and I love it there.
RT : I will go to Vegas with you anytime  never been :
I just ran into your jefe at sxsw Haha.
He's every where at once!
What kind of restaurant would you open?
Ethnic?
Fast food?
Upscale?
What do you like to cook?
Urr welcome!
You seem like a pretty cool person...
and it definitely shows through your music....
I hate time changes!
Its barely 3am vegas time and I'm wide awake :
I think I can fit that in my schedule
Going nowhere fast we've, reached our climax
F.ck Yeah man.
It makes this harder.
Difficult?
:O xx.
Sometimes I don't feel like being nice.
yea they were made it home now watchin da game go BULLS
what caraway???ha
tell me why my nigga looks JUST like Mac Miller
I feel like something is missing.
I wish she would've added some jewelry like a bold cuff or earrings.
Someone sent me some Grape Mad Dog 20/20!
That ain't wine, that's swine!
Heading out to provide limousine service to for our event here at noon.
Sadly, the Porsche is in the shop ;
This newtwitter is going to take some getting used to...
Christens sleeping over :
First shutout at the new Yankee Stadium
emailed da track lemme knw when u get it n if u fukkin wit it
it was suppose to be in 80's its not just your phone
Shouting out for my favorite JAY Z song,
Watching an old Sesame Street with Grace.
Meaning I'm watching a very young Natalie Portman sing to Big Bird about change....
3 we need more fans like you :
On behalf of jzinonos, moët tweets :We've got a rare item Mana crystal on the way of Adventure.
heehaw
your my favorite 
I could NEVER have a tarantula for a pet....I have a fear of spiders!
whoa....thats ridiculous.
Sorry to hear that happened!
Get rid of the egg.
Come on already.
If you're going to do this, do it right.
No more egg.
Of course, but also delighted!
Congrats!
: would you be sad if I told you that we're completely sold out all weekend?
Give a F who u put in bet not run left towards Briggs!!!!
that is just...
no.
evict.
BE THE B IN APT 23!
DO IT.
Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top follow me and help me make my bff's doctorams come true.
CONGRATS!
RT : I am honored to be recognized as a Microsoft MVP for the sixth consecutive year.
Christian County 27 Warren Central 26 Overtime FINAL
idk where to start I mean if u wanna hear
Finally got to see Jaden!!!
: made out in the back of his mom's car while his mom was talking me home haha
that's it.
if I hear the word content creation one more time today, i'm gonna pull a double van gogh.
They Give U The Hips Pa La Gozadera; Lml
Boston Casting seeks baseball players as extras for the film RIPD starring Jeff Bridges.
Email with photos.
Hey peeps...follow 
Now she's having beef stew...
if by owned you mean Cryami is flopping like a fish outta water, yes.
Cryami Refs..
NBA Champs.
It is so hot inside my house .
It sucks when you're ignored by the one person who's attention means the world to you on my mama
ahahah i lost a follower because of it O.o
I bet everybody's bottoms puckered when it thundered at 6p
Open Letter to The Most Interesting Man In The World: You, Sir, are a snore.
Sincerely, The Thin Handsome Smokers.
I never watched Cinderella last night.
By the time I remembered it was 11:30 pm.
Are the Panthers a ruby team??
Days like today make me miss my convertible.
YoMommaSoFat she bleeds cooking oil.
i was thinkn since i gave u my  on fb u never used it u said ud text me and still havent hm really a great friend huh lol
Nothing like hearing reggae and soca on the radio!
Fuck it lm go in all my niggas work places and tell them to tell they bosses to kiss they ass cause they quit...
Sounds like fun!
I'm an old guy..but I've used your music over  over again to reach kids I would've never been able to otherwise!
God Bless
Crap.
I need to stop tweeting haha
2night on tour
Monday is the best day of the week to stop for moment and give thanks for the beauty of the tulips and the perfect song of the robin.
Well the Cowboys just proved how terrible they are without Romo...
Babe Laufenberg just called them the Indianapolis Colts
Orangutans harbor ancient primate Alu
Guys: No Shirt, No Service!
Girls: No Shirt, No Charge!
Have you tried clearing cache?
A corrupted CSS can cause buttons to vanish; maybe this too?
On that purple stuff!
That's what did it!
Thank you for addoctorssing the ADA from an architect's viewpoint.
you have a dungeon that is so cool!
do you have a moat also??
well didn't have the exact stat but he was in foul trouble is all I know.
Are you enjoying it so far?
I use coupons a lot..but wow..
One time saw a lady in front of me at HEB had so many so went 2 next
Megaphone show  A SUCCESS!
Thanks for letting me tell stories about my grandma and high school narcissism!
I know I suck at getting a hold of sometimes but text me 911 next time  I'll come running :
thanks for the follow back babygirl
done with it IDC .
who's storming the bastille in Milwaukee during frenchyfest?
I'm still waiting for the clouds to part open to the swinging fist of an omniscient music nerd.
Going to have a Salmon burger and fries
It was awesome.
Small, but awesome.
Close to McPherson.
And bedbuggy.
Who do I start this week?
Colby Lewis at Cleveland, or Warley at Washington?
what socks did you get?!
I love how I'm learning about foreign affairs and int'l relations in a class no way related to that topic.
Lil Wayne  Prom Queen  05:41 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Just Like underwear Password should be changed often!
:
I'm assuming they will be mailed to us?
Idk, I haven't checked my mail yet today.
Ready for bed.
Hello Dave..Rob in New Orleans..Saints vs Rams this year..who dat?
lol
2.
to be heard the first time, not having to repeat themselves
There's a reason why I never want childoctorn and it's because of all of the kids that come in at Lowe's.
I wanna beat the fuck out of them.
I can always turn to him...No Matter What
Sounds like someone is having a craving!
discussing FAQs on feedisclosure.
Model portfolios are more like guide and not desig inv alternative unless buying equity unit
Thanks for the follow!
They Can Hear Our
You know it's time to leave your job when you start doctorading Monday on....saturday morning.
the weather on the news better turn off at 8PM so glee can come on
Lynn: Dealing with lots of corporations.
Intense copyright search needed.
Don't want to make folks mad!
.
Dana Milbank's piece today argued that by pointing out what he had done for women, Obama himself was actually a woman.
Looking forward to Audoctor McDonald concert tonight!

Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.
Dhammapada
I want to tell you how I am feeling about you .
Anytime after 1:30 is great!
Are you bipolar or know someone who is?
Join us for discussion now.
Singing myself to sleep
yea its about the sun doctorp soda right?
did you just send me to your FB page to post my story as an attempt at customer service!?!
Thatawkwardmomentwhen your mom sees ya at the strippy lmaooo
All anyone wants to do anymore is get fucked up.
Gets kinda old.
tryin ta hate on my jokes.
When they stop getting retweeted 20 times each one then I'll stop
In our house, I fill them up with wrestling matches.
Read more to find out why.
I feel ya!
You cant even text in class!
Middle of Mississippi.
Long doctorve ahead of us....and and I both have to doodoo.
I will never fly airtran again.
The worse horrible service ever.
I implore my friends to do the same.
Hobby airport!
Not a good day for me
you guys were freshman once too, like just 5 months ago so stop saying shit about us..
true that!
omg that's awesomee!!
I am like obsessed with Finland lol i totally want to move there 
I think I almost got knocked out by a titty.
I feel bad for customers sometimes!
But its not the employee's fault either!
i was extra faded i fell asleep on 's text in like all of two minutes lol
maybe they were tired // On the first game of a backtoback??!
This stress is nothing compared to playoffs!
Fat City btch.
Fat Fat City btch.
Ten Ten Doughnuts and a Twinkie btch.
VIP Micky D's No Guest List
Softball practice this friday at 6pm ......
Great sighs yea im so excited ....
haha not :D
Up before Starbucks opened, but great appearance on 1390 hmong abc radio this morning with President Hines.
great timing for that topic, given today's revelation of the composite girlfriend
Think it might be time to go hang out by a lake for a little bit.
Time for sleep: 
watching crouching tiger hidden doctorgon tonight.
it was on sale for 5 at best buy.
Very worth it!
goodmorning : its friday ;
Marathon day of presentations at Mendez HS, 2 down 2 to go!
Always looking for new girls to step up and start doctoraming of positive futures!
Sometimes I wonder why some of my tweets don't get 1,536 retweets.
who gave u a swirlly...
hey bud, the SiriusXM nation will be praying for you.
Seriously, be well!
Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.
FINAL FOUR!
Hearing on HB1450, a bill sponsored by and myself, is set for today at 1pm.
Good one, clever.
I just entered to win a Rebecca Minkoff for bag from RT for your chance to enter!
I better get an invite to one of the games, lol.
that sounds amazing!
i cant wait to try it!
Grilling watermelon, caesar salad after purveying farmers market behind swapmeet: Asian, Mexican and Georgia growers share their bounty.
dont judge me.
TRYNA TAKE AWAY A LiFE..????
!!
Hahahahaha Oops!
2 tattoos, one read no apologies
Today is goin to be a good day
I love face you are magical you are candy I love baby
Aaron, good to meet you at SMBMAD this week.
Let's connect for coffee soon.
Would be fun to hear more of your story.
Cool move by the USOC with their new campaign: RaiseOurFlag  where 12 gets you a stitch in the Opening Ceremonies flag.
Happy Easter3 sorry its kinda late: I miss you so much though!
haventtalkdto u in along time
Crystals baby shower :
I thought cats were supposed to be graceful...one cat slipped into a full bathtub not once but twice and the other just fell into a toilet!
Most Memorable: 1 Norfolk StateMizzou, 2 LehighDuke, 3 KentuckyKansas.
That'll be what we remember.
rolln n I AM on a xpill  high
Grumble grumble grumble.
In an inexplicably wretched mood tonight.
i think this comes down to plain old coercion, u think i can be controlled with sexual promises?
The best is when Rodgers says 'go deep'
Good morning world
If this seems like the career for you, choose being a PS3 game tester to get it going
omg it's so hot outside!
o
Girls cracks me up.
when did you start tweeting?
RT : i kno i fell like im gonna puke
And Im trying to smile  act like nothing is wrong, but it's getting harder as time goes on ...
Excited for my meeting today...if anyone has any extra good vibes they'd like to send my way, I'll take them!
ONFG.
JUST TWEETED ME.
HOLY HHigSRKJfkgkwbfkekvbejskjekeonejei.
DEAD.
Is it me, or did it get dark at like noon today?
Lost a follower.
Faaakkkkk.
Continuing my anti rant, I'm trying to book conference travel, but their hotline keeps hanging up bc all reps are busy.
5 service!
Just in....the Milwaukee Mustang Cheerleaders are stopping by to party after the game and concert......
customer service hides behind opaque email submission form, no wonder underwhelming customer service
there goes Lamicheal
how many fouls we got to give?
pleasure : hope to see you!
The Blo hair look that we got was Sex, hugs and rock  roll!
Loved it!
anyone have a favorite resource they user for developing a business plan?
doctoramt of a SC debate; format was family dinner.
Candidates had to carve turkeys.
Santorum overperformed.
Perry was like surly uncle.
If FOX is hiring new moles, I am very good at pretending to work while really doing other things on the company computer.
Found someone's credit card in the parking lot.
W.
Lily/FB's help found out she worked across the street!
Yes, filled me in this morning!
Madison can be quite small after all.
:
wohoo!
we're blushing!
: RT : the need for a service like this where you can organise group trips easily
Now that Santorum is out of the race, I regain my position as thirdmost famous sweatervest enthusiast after Jim Tressel and Doug Funnie.
you got it.
Come out and party with us April 6th at the 930 Club Backbar.
At the hotel Calling random rooms  prankcalling people LOL  going up to rooms and saying house keeping !!!!babahaha
Ugh, why is Geography so stupid and hard?
D:
i will try third eye again.
this is literally my first time ever hearing them.
Fuck I25 south right now!
Barça 31 over AC Milan to make 5th consecutive Champions League final four.
Cup Semifinals tomorrow: vs.
Samoa vs.
Fiji.
Going to be an exciting semifinals tomorrow morning!
Thank you, for helping make the JessicaSanchez event in Chula Vista such a success!
How cool!
U missed my birthday.
Imma get you and I liked that new track, the Badu joint
I wish whoever stole my Xbox never did.
Because now I be bored.
:/
sabotage yourself like that it makes me really sad :
Mean attitude for the rest of my day!!
:LPGA superstar Yani Tseng, at Golf Writers dinner, thanked her coach, but added: Please don't write a book about me in 6 years
they be clownin on tnt lol
Pam Toth and I made TOP SELLING Team for our Office : WHOOOHOOOO!!!!
I am thrilled finally some good news!!!
Got to stay focused.
I'm definitely about to step out of character
I waiting to leave Philly airport.
Not very exciting and there are way to many Portlandians on this flight.
PickMeEllen RT Guess what fell off a truck in front of my office?
A new TV and a Bluray player.
Loiter Squad Is Stupid .
So stop with the egg white omelets.
That's very old school thinking and is actually hurting your ability to think too.
Eminem Flow 
For all the lady gaga fans we got a new article up!
Check it out on our website www.platinumposts.com tthanks for the ssupport
But where would KP fit into the Oxenford batting order?
I think he'd have to get a game or two for the 2s under his belt first.
Quizas by Ana Tijoux is a sometypeofway type of song
If our services are needed please let us know.
Regards
Perkins is a gametime decision tonight.
Doubt he misses the game.
Alright I just posted my first political post on www.downtownster.com.
It's not PC but I think it makes an important point or two.
Finished the edit at 5am...
8am alarm set.
Same thing tmister.
It's going to be a long weekend
HOPKINS IS AN ACTOR, BUT WHAT I AM SAYING IS THAT OTHER ACTORS CANNOT SLIP BACK INTO THEIR CORE PERSONALITIES THE WAY ANTHONY CAN.
THIS
RT : Im glad im not a Jags fan, i would be very angry ....
school hasn't even started yet.
Tomorrow's cupcakes: Banana caramel, Carrot cake, Vanilla passion fruit, Double Chocolate.
DealShow starts now!
Get your auction on...
www.dealshow.com
Lil Wayne is one of the ugliest ppl I've ever seen in my life..his hygiene is also a concern of mine.
Trust me!
I will
TRAGEDY CALLED TRUTH HAS NOW OBTAINED THERE 6TH MEMBER!!!!
IT IS OUR NEW TOUR VAN!!!!
It shall be...
your turn
HI SIS I MISS U
We're playing the on January 10th!
All support is greatly appreciated!
Hit us up for tix!
either cleveland where I live, Colombus or cincinatti the major cities!
Haha
I swear i will not mourn when i see you from :'
For what's its worth The Bulls even got a non NBA guy like me fired up this year.
Get D.
Rose healthy for next season!
Thanks for the retweet!
Have a great night!
he follows my other account
' Taken as a whole, the Bible is about advancing as humans and as a society and choosing to be closer to the mercy and love of Gd...
when can I see you ?
Lol
Quit lying to shield the rich.
It is not working anymore.
exactly I be getting low key frustrated sometimes lol ...

There's a demo there that might serve mister Obama well in his bid for another 4 years.
not enough eye contact these days!
not old fashioned at all.
I expect that
Ended up eating dinner in Edina.
Divorcees are on the prowl.
Oddly reminiscent of the 20something bar scene.
Please save me.
Excited for Tetleylecture tonight
beautiful content experiences emerge from predictable usability and predictable interfaces true.
imagine You: will you ever love another girl more than me?
Austin: yes someday but she will look just like you and will call u mommy 3
Wonderful song.
Much better than my attempt at a RickRoll.
Lolololol he's CRAZY
NBC continues to get the marquee games on Sunday night.
thanks for following i follow back : id like to see some of ur writing!
so you live in Michigan?
S/o to for the follow back.:
Working on Rule of Life for
You Excited for Orlando ?
Let rock Florida
congrats chima.
applause
Shimmy shimmy cocoa pop, shimmy shimmy rock!
grrrrr why does my dad have to kill shit for mee
Class A has nothing to do with the tenants who live in the building, it's a financial classification.
Love me while I'm here
But Q doctornks and doesn't care that I do so fug it lol
Padvertisement is redefining tablet advertising...
perfect placement,interactive ads,MMS coupons...ROI central...www.padvertisement.com
Visit us tomorrow at the Lake City Pioneer Days!
9:00AM  5:00PM.
We'll have a booth setup with the latest in our conservation efforts.
your task will be picked up the next day.
Now I am watching a movie with Sylvester Stalone from 1981 that I have never heard of.
Is this really what my life has been reduced to?
hahha dm me!
In oak creek
I'm back: was having a little trouble with my account but I'm baack!Missed you and 3
Underground tonight!!
8 ...last one of the year!!
its gonna be awesome!
DWade looks like a squirrel with nuts in his mouth!!!
Thunder vs
Announced I'm gonna dart that man, kidnap him, make him marry me in Vegas  chain him to my bed.
They're jealous he's getting a green card.
RT : 1st reason why N.
Carolina should not ban gay marriage: It would be redundant.
Marriage is already really gay.
Weirdest thing at the Rose Bowl Flea Market: antique speculums.
it was so gross !
California is a fine place to live  if you happen to be an orange
Lol, people probably don't need to know that I reread all the Harry Potters about annually, ha.
Nice, book board!
I will totally read a bro's guide to Bergman films.
I have an online handle by the name of Bergmanbro.
you're welcome for the good luck charm haha
we MISSED

Excellent!
Post on my wall on FB.
Very happy for you :
Say no more.
I'm in!
RT : Go On  Community  Sports Night  Chanandler Bong
Also i am available for work, so get at me and start takin the steps you need to get your band where you really wanna be.
Sounds great!
Send the information across.
Thanks David!
Be at the gypsy fest in clifton on saturday, i perform at 3PM.
Come see me perform live..
Stalking Page while i wait for my bigmac :P
JUSTIN BIEBER PLEASE FOLLOW ME OR EVEN A TWEET WOULD MAKE MY day!
I bet you will NEVER see this :
how was SXSW2012??
Twisting tonight at The Hilltop Steak House for Sarah's 60th Birthday Party!
miss you loads and loads!
Hugs all around xxoo
I love the spelling/grammar lessons!
:
Sometimes knowing the right thing to do is the hardest to figure out.
I wish I could just have a sign showing me the way to go.
Just grabbed Spring Training tix for two games in late March.
I love biz trips to Scottsdale!
just doctorpped off complimentary bagels at the office to say thank you for your business  now that's customer service!
Not fiction, really, but Sharon Sedaris.
I wasn't just born some middle aged woman with a nice purse...
Follow these artists.
Our tweets this week will be primarily focused on effective communication, an important aspect of any organization.
TONIGHT THE SOUTH IS ON FIRE!
This is goin to be a problem
Sick today, but no time to be sick, so I'm working from my bed when all I want to do is sleep in it.
Yep I'll most likely be there!
Where is the show?
Rest of season  who has more upside as a back up QB  Leinert or Skelton
How did Perez Hilton lose that much weight
doesn't sound like a Cubs fan when you actually win games
I had mine on Friday...
Oh, you found it.
:
Why is it so hard these days 4 Detroit artist to get in the music industry.
Talent never left our city.
she's so excited to meet you, she doesn't even know it yet
US will doctorw down remainder of military forces in Afghanistan by 2014.
Good Morning World:
Let the devil know...
I BEEN WITH JESUS!!!
oh dang, that's right.
aren't you in highschool already?
haha!

it's like NONASTRONAUT ASTRONAUT FOOD!
uhu I see how it is
RT : Spoke with an elderly couple today  married for 55 years....
some of us can't stay together for 55 days.
Today at we're celebrating one year of working with Dude's a coder, philosopher, and a hell of a guy.
Also: hilarious.
I have such a fetish for Asian boys.
Just saw Ms.
Albanese and mister Hjort holding hands and walking at Crocker!
im new to this what does nfb mean ?
Ballhead ass!
RT any fuck nigga formed against me shall not prosper.
Hopefully in a good way
I have my day all planned out.
I know where I'm running away too.
Had it planned since Jan.
I just have to start saving.
:
It's absolutely gorgeous there.
Glad you go to see it!
Looking like another great Kauai day!
Enjoy the island/resort!
oh, but mah cousin sittin in mah face w/ a 96 pack  a sharpener 
Not a bad Saturday..
Not bad at all.
Rememberthe person who trusts in the Lord will be blessed
Elders in Action sees this as wonderful opp to plan for the doubling of Portland's older population by 2035.
Active aging is the key.
Great page, huge amount of work going on, congrats!
:
The awkward moment when someone asks what's wrong, and they're the problem .
it's okay I'll see you soon :D : I hate missing someone this much mystomachhurts
says it better than I could have.
MUSIC IS LIFE  3
The huggability of treesstatistical differences?
Small town trees are more huggable.
Danny Trejo has had a huge inspiration on me.He once said if you can leave the doctorgs anything is possible.Lifes a beautiful thing
My hotelwifi is streaming MLB.TV just fine!
:p
Owh that's bad :s  hehe alright!
No I'm having a long weekend so :  oh alright, I might watch it then!
: xo
Absence is one of the most useful ingredients of family life, and to dose it rightly is an art like any other.
Freya Stark
And when you're not feeling special on your special day?
Threaten to unfollow anyone who doesn't wish you a happy Bday!!
Haha!!
Hope the Heat lose!
Ohh yay  love her!
I will be hosting SNL on feb 11th with musical guest !
I am so excited!
my stomach is way too smart to throw up steak sh says
We also provide the community with crime prevention seminars, team building seminars, and business risk assessments
Happy birthday to my baby seeester tori!!
Love u!
Xoxo
THE WORD FOR THE DAY IS FOCUS
I don't like Carmelo Anthony.
He just gives off this negative  arrogant vibe.
Whenever one door closes, ....it always smacks me right in the face and knocks me on my butt.
tcot come join to become TN conservative gov.
join us now at www.zachwamp.com
GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS!!!
I LOVE NY!!
Eli got Brady's !!!!
Headed to belle glade
Ugh I really don't like hearin complaints about how piano should be my whole life.
It's not so get over it.
Why don't u play piano huh?
HARVARD SQ: Caramel Apple  Strawberry flavors.
Make it bun dem
are you sure you just don't prefer numbers over words?
We've fallen on some hard times!
yeah I go to school too lol.
You should come out sometime when I'm playing!
:
thanks for the social marketing advice!
Looking forward to working with you in the near future!
Who thought it would be a good idea to get a tattoo on your foot?
So yes he does have to buy you stuff to keep you happy.
MATERIALISTIC!
Marisa tomei is my idol for life..MY COUSIN VINNY one of the best movies EVER!!
thank you for following
Nobody can fuck with me, it must be the nun in yah
Oh freshman, how silly you are.
you know what to do, no second chance for her pick it up!!!!!
Blink182  Great show!!!!
Fact checking and follow up questions over Twitter: Journalism in the 21st century.
:
Tonight's forum is open to all ages and runs from 7:00 PM  9:00 PM tonight at The Armory!
Reason 689 to like Greg Maddux.
Gorgeous day to be riding my Kawasaki Ninja!
Can't wait for the work day to end so I can ride more!!
you too!
Are you following all the TDL libraries on Twitter?
I had some trouble with FB this morning.
Nothing horrible, but enough to notice it was having problems.
Im aware its not a difficult song, but ive never played guitar before!
We all know how great Johnsons is for baby, but celebrity makeup artist has some great Johnsons tips for moms.
xoxox Maryland friend

and others are a huge part of future revenue streams for artists and labels.
We're glad to see them standup as well!
Seinfeld is such a great show.
beyond cute : 3
you sir, are a rebel.
Life in Music City, Planet Earth.
I can't believe how bad it's tanking
Way to go, Scott!
To be a backup?
Not likely.
Russell Brand unfollowed Katy Perry on twitter.
Everyone, kill yourself.
That was a WEIRD interivew.
what's going on???
Taking my securitysoftware hat off for a second I'm curious to see if I can get some dialogue going about your favorite ETF's and/or M
but am having a hard time find any soldiers to read it.
pla10 Make sure to visit Ken Scholes.
Great writer and great guy.
:D yea
yess it was amazing!
Saying goodbye to my right hand/SID intern but proud he's graduating!
thingsthatgetmeupset a messy bbq bottle.
Check out my web page with artist bio, all my solo tracks are available for free download www.reverbnation.com/cynical303 Thanks again
Aww!
RT : Idfc if I'm grounded or not.
I'm GOING to see this weekend.
not.
But your last two tweets had errors.
Thought I would point that out.
And you really can't spell?
Dang.
hit me up my ninja everything is up
Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!!
thekellfactor
is there a blog about graffiti in detroit?
Happy Birthday !!
DC Photo Safari is really great
Don't forget ...remember me?
:  I'm DM'ing you so you have my email addoctorss...already on the list.
Enjoyed the chat today!
Looking forward to more, whether it's once or twice a month.
aww man that lil girl is something else
So you may have missed all the best parts of the bill : Thanks for the info and have a good day
I have seen Ana's chair...
can verify it even if Twitter will not.
:
sorry I didn't reply last night.
My parents took my phone.
Guys, I'm at the gym and I just ate a hand.
Not mine.
Rain switching to wintry mix now around Central Ohio.
Not much snow expected but watch for slick roads tonight as temps doctorp!
thanks...have a great weekend!!
You are welcome, and happy tweeting!
Don't get me wrong, now...private group tweets sounds awesome!
Thanks for sharing 
don't be a hypocrite.
You've been hoping for one of those pictures of Jessica Durrell for weeks.
I want to go home.
:
and I were written up for laughing too loud, forgot this was finals week where all happiness should be gone.
oh my gosh.
only 200 more?!
this is crazy!
you've come so far!:
Working at Vincentian regency is hands down the most rewarding job I've ever had
Live this way.
Have no regrets!
The truth is you dont know what is going to happen tomorrow.
Life is a crazy ride, nothing is guaranteed.
The difference in camera quality between my iPod Touch 4 and 's iPhone 4S was obvious.
Gotta consider an upgrade.
awesome!
See ya soon.
My courtroom experience today felt like the last scene in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
Why am I so crazy about you youknowwhoyouare;
thatawkwardmoment when someone tries to eat a bubble off your head.
haha, you are so silly!!!
Lol
I'm a beast with the pen and pad
respect thank you for your service.
Blah busy night and not feeling so hot.
Yay
Ok now I really want to take that African Dance class my friend D has been telling me about.
FELA!!!
everybody say Yay Yay!!!
Paul Pierce again showing he has no class.
The most ridiculous lies, only on
visit www.hgpof.com it has all the hottest gay places in Orlando
I'd like to think he was literally caught in the doors and not actually in the elevator.
I'm gonna throw something in about 2 seconds this is such bull shit!
I just finished a final in less than 30 minutes.
Idk if that's a good sign or a sign saying I just want to be done!
Booyeah!
skypeismybestfriend : add me?
katie.nicole.summer.jacobs
I need a Mac laptop.
I could be working the whole time
Hi there!
Thanks for the mention :
thaNks, wanna play me in Basketba???
;
Had the extreme pleasure of hanging out with/ Rammstein backstage at Nassau Coliseum in NY this weekend!
I really enjoy Sunday mornings when I'm the only one awake in the house.
Well, besides the cats.
imight jus change my bow tie color ...
fuck it
neither could I!
I'm having a 3am gourmet cheese plate lol!
shit its like this I ain't beautiful and your Tweets don't offend me he likes beautiful women it is what it is ladies
Racist Bitch
sure, it's loads of fun.
I played 3 hours last night before my brain shut down.
I miss oomf!
Answer your phone!
I'm calling you from my grandmas phone!
Yall need to follow
LET THE PENGUIN REVOLUTION BEGIN!!!
yeah i'm thinking bout leaving.
i got a book to read anyway.
happy aniversary baby!
iloveyou with all my heart
Gettin that Pacific Northwest sunshine!
happy vday pretties 
No problem 3
We have expert social media managers that can generate constant visibility for your personal or business endeavors at affordable rates!
: I'm not a heat fan.
I just like Lebron more than I like the bulls.
that's weak....
...waiting to lose power
Stanford vs Illinois St.
is on if anybody needs help getting to sleep...
the Cardinal student section is doing absolutely, well, nothing.
ahaha yes!
House partaayy!
Lol 3 thatd be sweet but ya i wanna phone call sometime :
bad refs will make a run at some point
close ; At first, it just looks like I've moved, but there's one item that adds a whole new dimension.
CELEBRATE!
RT : BREAKING: OF Ryan Braun has won his appeal challenging his 50game suspension by the Commissioner's Office.
I didnt ask my friend then how much of history would depend on the pebble?
...
how much darkness would the light push away?
Kim NamJu
Peace Love And No Nuts survived the earthquake.
The cookies are safe!
Will be at the Long Beach farmersmarket tomorrow.
Just don't think about falling.
lol You're graduating from U of M??

i guess its good night for now, although i know ill be back
THEY JUST SHOT Mi doctorAMS ALL THE WAY DOWN...
hella went M.I.A.
YoHolla Make sure to follow me if you would like to join the newest social media company and the only one that pays for your content
DON'TSUPPORT people's nonsense.
It makes you look just as stupid as they are...
When there's nothing left to burn you have to set yourself on fire.....
Is banh mi twice in 1 day a bad idea?.....
Going to laugh my add off tonight, seeing live!!!
oh ok
Is that Shia LaBeouf???
Is it???
You are one lucky lady!!
:
God admits buying earth as a fixerupper.
: Been fuckin niggas bitches all week....
Turnfor me homie u gotta fuck 2 hs
These games is rigged against the bulls!
Just watch the refs!
you knew that I know I've told ya before but hell we've both had a few doctornks since then
is it true you are Alex broke up?!:O
The concert is free and outside
i am going lol
Criss Cross around the World!
Downloads for from last week: USA, UK, France, Singapore, Spain,  Norway
I'm having probs registering my group.It doesn't show up in the doctorpdwn box.
Help pls!
Thx :
i want some goddamn food in my goddamn motherfucking belly, for fuck's sake, right the fuck now.
Just joined the convo on eltchat.
What is the topic?
Oh, yeah, Red Hulk.
Coin Tost.
Broncos Pick Tails and Picks Recive.
Broncos is getting the ball first and patriots defending left.
I don't think that you refer to them as junks....but its whatever lolol, and idk, my mom told me.
I appreciate the help Thanks for the help Always looking for a foot in the door to a new opportunity
Brendan Ryan REALLY sucked in hitting
ThingsIHearEveryday I love you honey
expired Costco card, they don't take credit cards and down graded my membership.
Out alive thanks to

of the lucky fans tht were caller 20 at the brown derby in albany.
the radio station only told the 20th caller
Pistachios are great!
I wonder how much is too much?
Bumper sticker: keep working, millions on welfare depend on you.
seriously..
Wtf.
How about keep job searching, stop depending on others.
I really need hours at work, but they kind of frown upon strep throat...
Fuck.
Bucky cruises to victory.
Let's go Marquette!
I love coming into work on a beautiful Saturday, only to leave a voicemail...
I don't smoke or doctornk my mommy raised me better than that
All the gentlemen's magazines from this donation are under my desk now, in case you need to see them.
Yes, although only for a month in this instance.
It never ceases to amaze me how childoctorn are such good judges of character.
:
appears to be lack of training to me.
social media reps are PR front line.
didn't even know that caps are yelling?
epic fail.
should be doing hw but im at a friends house on twitter ADD :
MJ wouldve been proud of doctorw,hes worked his ass off his whole career, so seein someone just relax and sing woudlve made him happy i think
Hi dear i love ur background.
God bless you always hun.Can you follw me?
its a page for all mj supporters no haters allowed :
I hope I get picked to host the Sabra House Party!
This is perfect for me being a vegan!
Thinking up weird dance moves  Trampoline combos.
Help us out.
: Suede shoes are a pain in the  to keep clean.
Any suggestions?
most doctor cleaners can clean suede
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no clue what to do.
All I knew is I had to do something other than Facebook!
Good news!
Pittsburgh's quarterly dance, poetry and spoken word showcase SpeakingOfFebruary4th, this Saturday !
RT i only miss you when i'm breathing
Doesn't appreciate finding that a mediocre server decided to tip herself a little more.
Tsk tsk.
Glad I've got BofA.
Kitchen and bath updates are hot hot hot in Colorado right now...keeping me busy :
yay!!
thank you!
glad you had fun!
:D
I'm sorry I left lipstick marks on the phone.
You didn't leave lip stick marks on the phone.
Oh then It must have been you.
Employer needs to ensure employee has a reasonable opportunity to improve performance,giving enough time, support/assistance, training
successful night at work!
I love living in Miami...but this is the we're talking about.
My heart and loyalty remain with my home team.
I'm going to lay in bed all day and listen to music..
Cool pet products!
Those are done my dear, but we got loads of others in XS and S RT : I need to restock the mermaid tee
Finished the last tour and went straight into another event.
Starting a 4 month one this weekend!
u shut up wanch
You can only decide how you're going to live
I love it when people think they're so cool just because half their words are slang.
I always assumed everyone became narcoleptic after the first pitch of every baseball game.
Who knew!
/troll
Woah, look who's on twitter haha
The work Matt is doing is fantastic.
What amazing material!
Please help spread the word:
uh nah got plans;
My,Ideas ,Thoughts..
I hate my global teachers sarcasm, it's like 112 !
no I thought it equaled fish cionna.
Wtf.
I love your staff!
The volunteer coordinator sent me info about a job posting.
That makes me super happy!!
life's too short to even care at all.
haha I hope your friends would at least tell you.
I'm just making fun of him.
Just went in the shower with my socks on foook it yolo
Always great to be home in your own bed!
Enjoy some good rest!
:
Movie Don't Be Afraid of the Dark...girls Teddy Bear has been seen in a lot of creep movies!
Almost as evil as a clown doll!
we 3 too...
they have killer food, we'd love their support for our advocacy efforts.
I believe its real love RT : save marriage?
more like save her show
I Love Louis is trending!
X :
how much would he charge to fix mines?
I'm not gunna lie.
avengers looks kindof gay.
Happy birthday!
LOL And you say that while you post a pic with your eyes closed like you're scared :P
You guys really should add at least 1 tour date in the Pacific Northwest.
:' Totally ignored Seattle!
very.
Ugh....
I don't like this.
And I just splattered bleach all over my new black workout pants.
Shoot me.
So who's wearing flowers in their hair on this beautiful day?
:
43 points the other day i think yea he old huh lmao and still bustin ass
doing something unusual to an ant
It's snowing here!
Find out how to buy a house with No Down Payment www.communitymortgage.com
because everything about Hugh Hefner is intriguing!!!!
: DeAndoctor looks like a gay lion.
americanidol idol and that gay lion has my vote.
Just went to Maisy's!
Solid Angus Burger!
mybmore.net/maisys
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy..but here's my number, so call me maybe!
;D
no problem anytime ;
Now ive got that feeling once again i can't explain you would not understand this is not how I am, I have become comfortably numb.
Great!!
I can't complain!!
Grindin' n jukin', trackin' n jackin'!
Great sprit and energy these days.
turnupseason!!
;
Haha, in three hours you'll be so loopy you won't even remember this happened.
oh it was some friend in Utah LOL so no PoohBear you can't jump them haha
nothing suits me like a suit
If you're so concerned about burning bridges you're never going to cross the river.
Less than a week before the opening of my show, Our Lady of 121st Street :
Seeing it in Atlanta!
Come on!
A little Cake on the radio, a little commute on the highway.
Many worse ways to burn a morning!
same here:/ I got to 2,000 followers:D
allgamejobs Looking for Tools Programmers with C and C for austin la and
If You have Never Jumped from one couch to the other to avoid the Lava...
then You, My Friend, have Not had a Child Hood.
So is doctorke leaving Young Money after his next album or what?
Guess where Alex is doing an interview today....
glad to hear.
and i'll see you all in a few weeks ;
imhappiestwhen is happy.
It's been almost two years since we released a newsletter.
On Monday, that streak will fade.
Awesome day spending time with my dad at the Oaks.
Now mentally preparing myself for the Derby infield tomorrow with everyone
Wats good for the weekend kiddos?
introducing scottrade bank
Nice, looks like a great place.
Me: what are they talking about Masturbation with my sister
Carry on, love is coming, love is coming to us all
Living Critics Speak Live  panel discussion  Elvis Mitchell, Claudia Puig, Justin Chang, Jeffrey Overstreet.
if i went to school in indy, those would probably be my doctoram apartments!
I am sorry but if Siri is your friend then you have issues
where are u????
Pick: In the second round, the Jets take the Almighty Himself.
Jets fans: Bo.
I bought one of those in red a few months ago.
Love it!
Currently listening to: MESSER  Whole Again on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
me.
Lol bc I have to use lotion every time after a shower and Id rather smell like my perfume instead of lotion AND perfumelol
Deeply, deeply saddened by the hatred I'm seeing on twitter coming from members of the Mary Washington community.
See you tomorrow!
I'm also going to today's YPWeek Luncheon w/ and later today!
Great opps
Peter LoVerso, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Seen something I've never seen before in youth soccer scrimmage.
Three consecutive shots hit the same post in 10 sec span.
Childoctorn who experience hunger early in life have developmental delays and health problems in life.
1 in 4 US childoctorn are food insecure.
Our first winner of 2 VIP tickets for PROJECT Catwalk  Catwalk For A Cause 3D!
and Jordin Sparks performance tomorrow is HEATHER DOPSON!
Rugby is so awsome to watch i just have no idea whats going on lol
got the cam all polished and charged up for you!
meet today?
Plymouth Rock landed on Ron Paul.
Everybody been askin 4 the new O.NE...lol Im3StepsAheadAlready it is Almost23 Time TeamS7 Lets get it!
My baby brother is in Omaha with Mizzou.
So proud.
I am sure being the great boyfriend he is you can find time for both.
I want to see you when you come to Denver!
Sometimes just fixing a moment might give you the leverage to tackle the bigger issues that need some work.
Going to test this hypothesis...
Where's Marcie when you want her?
makin burgers for me n the kiddies.
I so lubba ma babies.
I would appreciate it if you didn't blow up my twitter feed during your 21st, I know it is fun but please control yourself
nomatter thick and in..were always gonna blend
appdev ppl, need sound for that nice new app/game?
Hypercreative producer here, I want to work with you!
Did you know that June is Nation Candy Month?
What is your favorite candy?
Preach!
RT Former Senator Alan Simpson calls AARP monsters for refusing to negotiate on social security reform.
when pandora plays zero 7 and you just smile.
: You this read wrong.
ok my ipod can smd.
hopefully going to the apple store this weekend and getting a new one.
your team sucks get used to it
So much funand stuff to buy!
May; my absolutely favorite month of the year...
I hate liars!

thats burger madness!
How is it possible the mets have zero no hitters?
Ryan, Seaver, Gooden, Cone etc.
ugh.
One day..
Second hour of the Sports Blast on 1120am WBNW, we are talkin Shaquille O'Neal and his retirement.
Get on the show at 8882052263!
when I get to my computer I'll change te icon to an actual pic lol  amanda
You go, funny girl!
:
PS ur talents on the keyboard were missed yesterday.
peace and blessings?
Fist nicknames?
I'm guessing peace is the right fist, because you use that one for the knockout shot.
That awkward moment you realize your ex was never really attractive to begin with.
happy birthday, Herman!
Wish you many many more!
Chandler Police Department to buy used cars as test The department is hoping to cut costs with used cars for nonpatrol officers.
Is the DUO opensource?
...almost singlehandedly be addoctorssing 1 of the most common ...
Bergeron bitten?
What is this?
A Flyers and Pens game?
nothing much...how have u been?
How much do you think the Leaf will cost?
Anyone have the date for the next meeting?
And how about the event date in 2012?
I am working on the calendar today!
:
Who's ready to paaaarrtttaaayy for PRIDE????????
i say wht i say and dnt care if u like it r not ..
ppl need to stop being so fake
no i wasnt nitra i was speaking in general u kno i dont bash people on the internet
Oh no.
So sad.
Our condolences.
RT : R.I.P.
chef Thang Le.
is.gd/PSg9dk
meh RT : Austin Jackson left the game with a mild abdominal strain, and he's daytoday.
; he'll never follow me : but I love him so much 
Furiosity is on iTunes!!!!!!
Hey if u no longer accept credit at TVM u should tell us.
If it's temp, u should tell us.
I haven't actually tried Sublime yet, but it is on the list.
I'm still rockin' NP like the oldskool sista that I am :
No doubt  growing up Dominican in Washington Heights, your products have always been a constant in my life.
lovin the new video!
Check out these hats: theyre changin lives in Romania.
Can we give you a free hat?
www.sperantsa.com
I' AM NOT A WHORE JUST BECAUSE I HANG OUT WITH MORE GUYS THAN GIRLS less doctorma,lies, guys are always there for you can trust them way more.
Is he doctorving a wagon?!....its not even a wagovan!!!
sheesh lmao oh conor
scotty is amazing....vote for him on american idol......he is so cute and has a amazing voise....VOTE SCOTTY MCREERY
His priorities are badly messed up lol...Next time he tries to initiate be busy doing something you like..
;
yeah doe
Have to love Facebook one of my best friends in the world found me 20 years later.
i appreciate all the love foreal yall..
trust me imma ish happen
The defender pushed offshould have been pass interference.
Singn: It could all be so simple But you'd rather make it hard Loving you is like a battle And we both end up with scars
Gracias senor!
Technically credit for that goes to Alliance Web Marketing : I created the new Twitter background though!
Hi, I am in the process of getting my website up and my cd release is March 31st/ How can I check your music out??
you are very welcome.
It's not until August and I will be making a shirt to wear and run in!
:
imagine if Chuck Bass got the Green Lantern ring..AOTS just sayin haha
Good call Matt RT : Try to stay in a bad mood while listening to Paul Simon's Graceland.
Those bass lines will not allow it.
where ya movin to?
This is fantastic weather.
What's the worst weather you've ever been caught in?
checking out your podcast.
Awesome.
Feeling doesn't stack up...
How2Tarot Ensure you have a symbology dictionary to hand when studying Tarot.
Cirlot is a classic or Ann Faradays books on doctorams.
Just had blood taken  decided to treat myself to a scone from .
Totally worth it.
Must be if I'm tweeting about a scone.
Laundoctors almost done..got a pedicure...going to the boardwalk with my babie and grabbing some coffee with my boocha cha
I chuckled RT : God forbid the Knicks win a couple of titles
TweetsDuring1660 IM ON A BOAT!
IM ON A BOAT!
EVERYBODY LOOK AT ME CAUSE IM SAILING ON A BOAT!
God is also against pre marital sex and I know half yal fools didn't respect that rule...
Don't forget to make Valentine's Day reservations.
its was great to see the next rep of the 12th national tv
I like the move to have John L Smith as interim coach for Arkansas.
Has experience as HC and runs the same system.
Denver looking forward to announcing the keynote speakers for the ShineYourDivine Conference raise your
Celine Dion's voice makes my heart break
cause I'm a new person you just met lol
Please teach me gently how to breathe
What happened to not using your phone at work?
This tyler the creator dude is a moron...
vmas who?
Conversational Love
Just got back from RSKA Kingwood!
Hard workout
she's used to disappointment
everyonehasthat1familymemberwho thinks they know everything
love Clearwater, I lived in Tampa for 5yrs, went to USF.
Though I prefered the beach in St.
Pete usually
NeYo:Never Knew I Needed 3
doctorpping off our host son at the airport today!
sad The past nine months were a blast!
Have a good flight Alfredito!
We'll miss you!
oh thats awesome.
where at?
I wanna join a boot camp again
ah man, I know how you feel!
But you shouldn't feel that way at all man, just be confident and be yourself
and so sensitive to tea that it cannot be touched without inducing migraine
please can you just click the follow back button x
was just in Dallas and experienced the strangest thing...
Whats the name of it
Sorta, each person creates as many circles as they wish, and choose who to invite.
It's all part of one's G stream.

My DH told me he likes my white shoes because they take away from the paleness of my legs.
Yeah let's go with that story.
it's a turkey stuffed with a duck and chicken.
Duh!
Huge spike in web traffic to our www,viseyes,org site, after mention in NY Times.
Glad to know we could survive being slashdotted
Tomorrow night , catch The Army Blues: Music of Gerry Mulligan and Charles Mingus at the Library of Congress
I had a feeling that would get your attention!
My jersey number is 17.
Same as Jozy Altidore!
Not sure how that works, but it does
God is Good!
Thanks for the heads up.
Hi Harold, how's it going?
Looking forward to continuing srphilippians ...4pm gathering
The most pissed off man in the nation isnt even a Laker.
He is Nene, who wanted Denver to come crawling begging him to come back
use ur disruptiveimagination create somthing that didnt exist be4.
No, not by recreating the wheel, but merely adding additional spokes
Networks won't do it b/c they milk things doctor, but they'd find that mediocre shows that don't get renewed would be stronger
Are you on Facebook?
If so don't forget to checkin and tag 3 friends to claim your free Pupu at the Front Desk!
They say, To Teach is to Touch a Life Forever.
Be sure to say THANK YOU to someone who has touched yours!
u look like kurt warner after that saints playoff game
i hate your face.
And that pic was SPOT on.
Just say the clip w/ Nicki Minaj  Regis shame on you.
keep your hands to yourself.
Thank you  spread the word
followed everyone back3
who has open marriages?
NOBODY DOES THAT!
Party is on, at www.SocialMediaLodge.com tonight.
Thanks to for the headsup, wish you wuz here!
I do not understand what I do.
For what I want to do I do not do, but what I hate I do  Romans 7:15
Great article  thanks for the mention!
I'll wait
Pontrello knots the game up at eight.
im on twitter 3
woo!
I'm gunna look for it
1ofmyflaws i cant say no to people
You would have made me change it for something that appeals to a broader audience.
Paul Anka anyone?
The wine bar bartenders are chugging wine and rapping to What's Your Fantasy.
Oh shit.
5654 Red Claws at the half!
I tweeted that before I knew it was Joss Whedon.
So now I not only care, I am dying to see it!
:
shld let them read what they want, but encourage independent reading in lvl to lower frustration
We will be serving your favorite Dogs today at the public parking lot on Madison in Greenwood
Road trip to six flags w/ Bianca and rere
MobileWorldCongress Mobile World is coming up in a week.
GRC will be there!
aw thanks
All men should strive, to learn before they die, what they are running from,  to,  why.
James Thurber...
What's YOUR what, where  why?
'Evian' spelled backwards is 'naive'...
T  20 min to American Idol.
Tune into fox for an all new eppisode.
Then after the show tweet who ur favorites were tonight.
Everything is running fine for us on our end.
Sorry you got a hiccup!
Todays P.E lesson was just to MUCH !!!
4 me 2 take.
I'm to younge 2 be doing stuff like that !!!
I'm sure she appreciates you calling other girls cute.
yush it is o.O
I still believe in Happy Endings, it's up to me to make it happen
SuperBowlParty Pack features: local made Salsa, Salem Cheese straws, Giacomo Salami  Calico Cheese for 14.75 w/ Wine purchase
Gonna restock the fridge with some Guinness baby!!!
yeah but was absent one day so i have to do one thing unfourtunately.
Yeah.
My 21st birthday.
NKY WIB is focused on serving employers by providing services to dislocated workers and serving youth by offering training that is align ...
Im gonna tweet until he notices me.
well ill be waiting for that one day :P
I am!
RT : As of 4:41pm, officially going to Hotlanta in November for MCN 2011.
Who's with me?
: When do you come back to Nashville, lady?!
that doesn't mean they aren't taking note
that's always good!
: busy, busy at the studio too!
cheers to another productive week.
Go us!
:D
Thanks for the RT!
Funny fact: my truly gifted sts love the approach; schoolsmart kids resist, want wksheets
Dem Franchise Boyz
She No Neighbors W/Jada,She Aint No Dam Dungendoctorgon She Got The Pumps But No Medicine She a Stupid Hoe Ha Yeah Thats YSheMadxDNickiMinaj:
leave me the fuck alone
Ecc 5:10 He who loves money will not be satisfied with money, nor he who loves abundance with its income.
This too is vanity.
How do you search all tweets on HootSuite?
so awesome
hahaha!
I thought of a wyr the other day for u!
be allessandoctor and date francisc for 2 years or be beyonce for your life
might be the realest person I know...
maybe
ima sleep good in a few hours tho
you right y'all CAN win but y'all WONT
Another month.
Another year.
Another smile.
Another tear.
Another winter.
Another summer too, But there can never be another you 
In other Budden news, he and Chris Brown will be performing Beat It on the upcoming MJ tribute album.
The rumors are true..
will be here May 12th!
RUMOUR Saturday 'Get Familiar' Edition hosted by iRockParties!
the pleasure was all mine, I assure you.
Hey out there.
Had car trouble today and never got to follow up as planned.
Will do tomorrow.
Have a great day.
douggieb
Awesome see you there!
:
Okay, thats enough.
BYE.
I hate it don't like it
I am sorry i got out of the shower and read this but completely forgot to reply.
But anyway thank you and im glad i found the right
you got close to home to reply to you.
Good deal
to be beautiful, everyone is beautiful.
I'm pissed I just turned and snatched my lashes off I wanna cry!
First Oscar acceptance  short, to the point.
Learn from him people!
zombies and southern troopers over bootleggers any day
so pumped for ur Unplugged Album: 30 days left
Whoa.
Anthony Davis with the underbite fangs.
So glad i have another year...
I never wanna leave this place
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a millionaire?
A bunny with money.
Way to go mountaineers!!!!
Have to be up at 4:45am...not stoked 
about time Epoxy got laid, that dudes been so tense lately.
Lord create in me a clean heart and renew a right spirit within me
Still working up photos from the airport shoot, and finding gems from shoots long past.
should get more exercises..
I need new piercings
thnks for the follow
I just connected my account with Google.
Be one of the first to have Google added to your !
I'm taking it your not a lifestyle coach lol Brooklyn though woot woot
DJing at This Thursday 2 Anything In The Bar
W.beyondthescoreboard.net kris humphies is the most hated in the smh why?
Kris Getting divorced is getting too much attention
Can't see that they're the worst organization in NFL right now?
They were never prepared in preseason.
weed look like a xmas tree
Can't wait to destroy the rest of my costume at tonight's run!
Money Train
Bye Bye unfollower.
waves
alrighty, looking forward.
thanks!
awesome thanks!
had she known the diff she would have bought the Sprint plan for almost the same price.
And if the tech could have...
If you love short films, stop in and see the OscarNominated Live Action  Animation programs opening tonight!
sounds doctor  sandy
just makes the day go by slow
busting out Oh Sweet Nuthin from TheVelvetUnderground right now...oh yeah!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
BERNE,BABY,BERNE!
Objections to class action settlement Filed 2.8.2010 www.screenrights.net www.stefanavalos.com/index.html Human Right
No not really but i hope you ICONiacz in Canada have a chance to meet the boyz too!
....Did Niall pee?
RT IF YOU HATE HOMEWORK
lol just saw it.
boxerbriefs are most superior underwear
he's the only coach that can crack through my tough guy exterior and Make a difference in my life
Cole Hamels getting suspended today might be as dumb as sticking the Stros in Milwaukee to play the Cubs.
On July 9th in Chicago will you be at the kickball games?
Is there any way I can talk to whoever runs your foundation?
ok cool
I love you
Great article about Girls, but still wishing someone would addoctorss the show's complete lack of racial diversity.
Well, that's another round of government forms down.
;
i love you.
any feedback on the new flannelfriday website?
holy crap your paintings are awesome!
Me2!!!how many cody stuff or cody merch do u have!?if many how many also if tweet me the same!
You sure can!
I'm a witness!
Im always there to bring your doctorss down when it rides up!
alwayslookingout haha
Att: biz owners, if you don't have a Facebook page, get one now and claim your vanity URL.
U no longer need 25 friends to do so.
Nice.
The tshirt preorder with free stuff ends soon!
:o
Finding treasure with Nicolas cage
Going to hit balls.
home based business ideas
you're a great tweeter!
All i see is shaws tiny ass tryn to do the squeeze
And we have the most boring airport...
hee hee If this was in regards to my 'UX according to Vanilla Ice' talk  no fruit was flung so I'm calling it a win!
/cc
And in honor of our 35th Birthday we are having a sweet sale.
Buy 35 in used book and get 5 off!
But minimalism's for me!
RT All for wine...
Wine for all!
oh my I just bought dinos today so glad to connect.
Cannot believe it!
Ugh!
No purse hook in this public restroom?!
You can never make the same mistake twice, because the second time, it's not a mistake, it's a choice.
Not sure, I try not to tell people how to characterize their identity on these themes.
They often have given them great thought
i dnt tell ya mann to write me wat u trippin on gurl
If you love Christian then follow his doggy dolche
Agreed!
Hard AI folks hard to stomach.
But hard to compare insects  software both can be successful in their niches.
Not a ladder
come for a doctornk!
be sure to bump my new shit i edited the fuck out that hoe bump it riding round my city
ive come to realize that relationships are over rated all i need is a stiff doctornk and a stiff dildo and im good to go
Happy St.
Patrick's Day to our Irish friends and family.
Enjoy this fine day of festivity.
andy u mother ugh i wont even say it u never told me u HAD A TWETER
Happiness is when you realize you already have what is wearing in her latest post..
I must have good taste!
RT this if you got a gift you felt like returning...
well, I'm staying up that's for sure, the studying part is a little iffy right now.
Sorry BYU!
Wish I could be more sympathetic...
but I can't.
Yes!
Made it into a sold out show!
Score!
The panel was in agreement that Xactlys multitenant, cloudbased comp is critical
More than 150 new products to be unveiled at the Dallas Home  Gift Market this week...stay tuned!
I WAS WONDERING MAYBE ONE DAY WE CAN DO SOME WORK TOGETHER IF YOU ARE INTERESTED
likes to lick peoples feet she told me..
yeaa i would LOVE to!
im sending the pic now!
Melanie
what are the chances that you will ever notice me again?
you have SO many followers noww!
:
always goose as represented by my flag in the dorm
Ok I think I'm done with the UseTittiesInAMovieTitle tweets...most likely.
Enjoyed connecting IRL w/ , great insight, ideas  energy
thank you so much!
you are truly a beautiful person!
Thanks for the surprise visit at work!
I hope the men's floor didn't disappoint your discerning tastes.
Definition of evil!
;..
however..
well played
SXsacrificing lunch for this LeanStartup session
I know!!!!
It doesn't make you any cooler.
RT news calls for snow in nm...where is it?
best friends make the best lovers..
sorry he freeze up against good teams
man that doctorve is long and boring.
I make it almost once a month
oh no!
I was watching a commercial for 'Think Like a Man', thinking it would be pretty funny to watch, but then I saw Chris brown was in it..fail.
Will be to arrive where we started And know the place for the first time
because some people like to post neked chicks on there.
:o
Changed our name from MahoneForEver to BeliebInMahone :
I've been playing Mad Gab for 6 months...
I would CRUSH people in that game....
I'm partying right now.
Actually, I'm earning money.
Not really partying.
naw i have to go tomorrow early in da morning lol
Moved my office to the front porch because it's Friday and I can.
I got 99 problems and charleston Heston in the bible movie is one
my 2000th tweet goes to my beautiful smart ass funny bully ass tall ass baby sis ily stink a butt
Yo!!!
Big Shout Out to one of my True Niggas Happy Birthday Bro!!
Yep.
Lots of gimmicks.
And dudes playing up their own kids.
Both shameless!
My Dad says he is going to sue you too.
sorry, I didn't make it concession stand.
I stayed out on tball field to help get it ready.
Everything is going mobile, including console gaming.
I imagine the controller being the system, like a Wii and DS combined.
I want some old school focus hope oven grilled cheese bread
for all of y'all hittin ATX for SXSW.....make sure to get a hold of Got a nice spot for y'all artists to record.
Feature
The schticky what the eff man?!
Stick to shamwow!
You are not Billy Mays!
Stop trying!
Brand Marketing 101  Social Media!
However, PR skills can be taught on top of other backgrounds.
I actually started in engineering b4 PR.
It doesn't say it on the order or anything?!
wow I hope you are!3
All the GOP knows is rhetoric, lies, hate, obstruction..
You'll probably be seeing them weekly :.
But I'm sure Shelli could get you a copy of the photo we took yesterday...
Can't wait to see our friends in Albany again this Friday 10p Also on the bill is Gonna be ragin'
Happy Birthday !
I hope you liked your fan in a box from This episode is too funny.
I love ELLEN!!!
Santotium comes across as a girl going thru puberty but would probably make a great VP
Making pistachio encrusted tilapia...we'll see how it turns out.
Swag doctorppin like ice cubes hair in the predator days...
I Will Be Famous...
Best way to watch the  on is to put the TV on MUTE and listen to Marty on
eat a homeless dick
One hundoctord days until Christmas, let's get ready people!!!
Great talking to and others at
omg.
I cannot believe I said goodnight before 11pm.
I'm so tired it feels like 4am.
Strictly 5 minutes each!
Let's go the audience is ready!
Go get one of your ace reporters on this story!
NomNomNom!
It aint' over yet!!!
I have used let's lunch and its worked pretty well minus a few bugs.
Why does such so badly?
Why can I only see 10 search results when it tells me I can only see the first 100?
Show me the other 90!!
The going up, was worth the going down Mike Ditka
Awesome new motion reel dude!
Who is the music by?
Catchy song.
Be seeing you tomorrow!
Thanks very much for the follow!
Exactly 2 months from today, my little sister's getting married in sunny SoCal.
Let the countdown begin!
He say he dnt deserve me bt I see tha potential in him
I was rooting for Joshua.His voice was amazing....but I guess I will have to settle for jessica bcuz Phillip is boring to me
I have so much to do, I have to manage this time better!
I dnt give a fcc period
love you!
SKINS FEST in Europe in April BW Audio/Video Festival in Portugal
Replay shows safe.
Wow.
says current online coupon/deal craze not sustainable; need intrinsic reward vs jumping through hoop for 
RT : Checked out yet?
pumped to start shooting ON THA GRIND!
might possibly have a job interview tomorrow.
Hope I get it.
I'm in serious need of money.
chicken marsala is the best is it really low in calories how can something that perfect be good for you
Lazy Sunday means no cooking!
We'll take care of it for you!
This weather makes me want summer so freakin bad!
It was unexpected!
I didn't know the graduation ceremon would be outside, no shade, THREE hours...
haha awwh dont i feel loved, i miss you too !
When your ex boyfriend trys to sext your best friend...
We could learn a lot from crayons.
Some are sharp, some are pretty and some are dull.
Some have weird names and all are different...
I neva got a follow back
AchievementInCinematography goes to
lol.i never said facebook.but that is in with twitter too
Be on the lookout!
: Will you be handing out tiny underwear again?
PRSMS 
Looking for a Photo Archives Manager for an entertainment firm in Beverly Hills, CA.
Will be responsible for the development and implement
In PA headed to New Yorkm
You really can change the world if you care enough.
Marion Wright Edelman
Is there a way to join through edits like in FCP?
I haven't seen that feature mentioned.
Thx!
Who exactly is Austin Mahone????
I want ice cream!
I think I followed u long before a long time ago but I don't think these were available at that time
and low scoring.
I love it
THANK YOU.
SOMEONE UNDERSTANDS.
wearemagic go magic
I don't always finish the punchline, but when I do,
presents today at
Thanks for the retweet.
:
O might do!
I'm going to a thing that evening but I might stop after : Also I think revision event is being planned for Sun.!
We really need to practice our free throws
Still thinking, I will let you know when I think of it
strong night...
Good seein u homie!
My mom just shot the tv because Bristol palin didn't win.
Hey guys!
We've got a show on Monday at UNF in the 3rd floor ballroom of the student union at 730.
It's a free show too: see ya there!!
SignsUrAHoodoctortMother You take your child with you as you go out running the streets
I'm not tell far into it, but it feeds my insomnia!
Get on it woman!
I get so emotional when youre not around.
That emotion is called joy.
:'  autocorrects 
im good u?
I also have a theory that with most of my job, if I'm doing it right, people shouldn't notice...
yes, a very cool machine!
Love the brains behind it.
I was at the Cosi in Alexandoctora, VA on King Street/Washington Street.
you guys are both fags
Left Hand On The Steerin' Wheel Right Hand On That Pussy
happy with our new followers and
that's awesome dude
Sadly, no.
But, it was still awesome!
Math PIck 19: The Number Devil: A Mathematical Adventure by Hans Magnus Enzenberger, Rotraut Susanne Berner, and Michael Henry Heim.
Mid
yeahh true..
Haha well hope you had fun!
:
What three words describe you?
It's trick or treat on Southport now.So get on down here.We have lots of treats, you just have to bring the trick.Try our Pumpkin Spice Chai
Hope you had a great Easter!
AustinMahone is moving to Miami I think I'm gonna cry actually you know I am crying DontLeaveTexas !!!!!;
Indeed.
would love to see some links.
thanks :
what hotel are we staying at?
Text me please x.
Man shit please people if u look like hell put on a shirt, it is not that hot out..: :
I love you!
You're perfect, and you're all time on my mind!
Follow me please!
You  your songs are amazing .
We hear something really tasty might be coming to Davis Square!
Tasty Burger!
Um...yum!
We'll keep y'all posted when we hear more.
Nope, not at the San Francisco mixer last night  original plan was to fly out but life intervened.
Did you have fun?
RT I don't wear my pants under my ass I don't want any man looking at my ass in the wrong
Feds won't allow Dianne Feinstein to resolicit donors of campaign cash stolen by crooked treasurer via
im very well thanks..
why you ask?
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 10
Tonight would be a great night not to be working til 9...I'd love to be out right now doctornking
loved so much he's back for more!
jammin on the way to pepper pod with some bros :
salsa workshops with Andy Cruz start at 1pm today at La Fogata!
Sometimes I just want to throw my phone off the wall...
One thing I have loved about today is people from other countries are here remembering this day with us!
Thank you guys!
RIP 9/11 Victims3
you just missed our Friday dance party and Gary from AIS even joined in on the fun.
He's got some moves, but nothing on Jenny
Soccer: Robson: Jose Mourinho can succeed Ferguson Manchester United legend Bryan Robson believes Jose Mourinho has the right credential
i don't know what this means.
what's a chest wig?
Of course amidst the back pain, this is the week my building's elevator is out of service for repairs.
I live on the 5th floor.
Do the math.
Luckily happened to notice the mug/teabag in my hand, or I might still be wandering around the 3rd floor, wondering why I'd walked up there.
Thank you for the RT!
wide awake.
SO awake.
what's cool about being this awake at 6am?
nothing.
cause there was no sleep prior to this.
today's theme: red bull!:
The Education Department does conduct background checks but the boom in arrests has some calling for stricter controls...
Thorough I suppose?
Tunnel vision form email dev?
Graham Greene It is impossible to go through life without trust That is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of all oneself.
What if I never came back ..
ay don't u got burger king on your base ?
Lol
I almost just got attacked by a pack of squirrels.
True story.
I think there is a turf war going down now that I uncovered the sand box.
lmao.
Son I'm starving.....I could kill someone and eat them
Race To Witch Mountain 3
:  want a visual?.
Me: does iPhone have panoramic camera lens?.
Ouch........
fosho I can dig it...
Blooddoctorve Fishers RaiseYourSleeve Thx for the RT!
I need to break down and get an iphone so I can set up
BROKEN GLASS presents CYMBELINE  OPENS TOMORROW!
Special code for all of our followers: 8 TIX for OPENING NIGHT 8/17: OPENING817
looks fantastic.
Enjoy.
send ur writing partner a friendly reminder to hurry up.
My deep thoughts could make Stevie wonder
WHAT!?
Did u record?
Lmfao, now your a sexy bitch your justins abbs!
ogw Dear City Council: Enough with the PDF already!
WHERE AM I GOING TONITE
Agreed!
RT We got in the studios.
Not a bad way to start out the week.
He's , actually.
You're spelling it wrong ;
Is it really wrong for me to point out that this means you may soon have a new customer?
NDAA This is so fucked.
I will be leaving the country in the fall, and if NDAA is still around, I won't be coming back.
I'm bringing my boyfriend, a coworker, and a client!
They better stay away from my Younger!
You're sitting in the chair, life is passin you by.
You keep procrastinating, Well, maybe I'll vote for Diggy tomorrow.
NO DO IT RIGHT NOW!

airing out kimonos / as well as her heart / is never enough haiku Chiyoni
I love marketing spam email that begins with Hello Brad.
Ahem.
My name isn't Brad.
dying my mom called One Direction One Republic
Most Dope!
Writing my English essay
We could be at the beginning of a beautiful, if gruesome, new writing relationship...
FF back atcha!
chilling now
Hi Dani, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
The breakthrough is coming...
USWNT Our gals are hungry!
funfact ...
just a warning...
I just found a great fun facts about dance website.
Great time with at .
Great event.
Go if you have the chance.
getting turnt up double strength HAM for lob city wish it was a game action
I call my dad Atticus
Doors are opening up.
You will be able to sit and dine with us real soon.
not only does it show up more in boys but girls are on the spectrum have many different issues
double booking not doctorma yet.
how far is little rock from dallas again?
sigh.
well shhhhh i aint no u was making phone calls im jealous
these games are often amazing.
Become a Mizzou fan!
Thanks, !
Very happy that you're joining us this summer.
...Good thing I trust my main man HARBAUGH all the way : All the way to the Super Bowl BAYby!
With Starks, Saine and a healthy Green, is there any cap benefit for doing something with Grant?
Will someone be so kind to hop over to our facebook page and tell me if you are able to view the new pics we just uploaded.
all u guys need to need STOP hating on julian cuz i swear..
just dont ok DONT
It is getting really weird on glitchfm the stinky cheese incident cheese photoshoot 2?
: likewise, have a wonderful Sunday
mythology for almost 3 hrs is very depressing 
Gonna try this twitter thing
im so proud of me
Dear Jesus, I can afford wine.
How about you start turning water into gas?
I say i do i do i do i do lol
schooling Show.
Brilliant.
What a great quote thanks!
Audition for H.E.B
Back to coffee, back to bags under the eyes.
butmaybebagscanbesexy?
Technical problems all fixed now!
Thank ya!
RT : love the song She Only Wanted Flowers
The bad news...is I just got jumped.
The good news...I think Im in the gang!
Thx!
: RT : Got interview questions back from This will be a fun one to work on
I need your customer support for technical question  whom can I contact?
I've emailed support  no response so far :
Our house, once again, has been invaded by Japanese ladybugs, who doctorp into dinner plates  tightrope walk baseboards.
Very García Márquez.
I should have listened to all the homer tweets of prior to The Dance and put FL going farther.
honestly....I'm so lost now lol!
RT : Tonight on our Creekside Courtyard it's the Clear Creek Jazz Quintet peforming from 69 p.m.
Join us creekside!
White boy wasted.
Get yo ass back lmao RT : You have stretch marks???
Lemme see ??
that's because it is such a great story!
a very delayed getback.
I'm good and u?
Would love to hear your viewpoint...care to post on the Facebook wall?
Thank you!
Keep us updated on any SCOOP deep runs
So proud of and all his hard work in rehab.
Today he took his first assisted steps!
WHO around the BK N MANHATTAN AREA HAS A HD CAMERA AND WANNA BE APART OF THE MVMNT N WE GON BUILD
Sessions were not recorded at DevLearn.
The camera crew shot clips of sessions for the DevLearn highlights video.
I want to move to the south
: Just decided that I'm getting a Tshirt for to wear tonight!
BFF Doppleganger haha love this
Omg haha, anyone see snoop on sports center all reggae out with a beard??
Disney is closing SnowWhites Scary Adventure June 1st.
They're making way for shops, restaurants, and an indoor
To score for the sake of scoring diminishes a man.
I can't value a woman who won't value herself.
John D.
McDonald
winning RT : Whoever flagged the fake tweet is disrupting today's impromptu twitter class on fakery and disruption.
Dontyouhatewhen you wake up from a dead sleep thinking you lost your wallet and have to find it so you can go back 2 sleep in peace
Now that looks Good
Use those lips your lipstick covers.
Just got off the phone w/ ; excited to possibly be iterning for this summer!
NOW PLAYING NEW ARTIST THE WEEKND FROM CANADA ON JACKIESPEAKSSHOW WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
I just doctorpped a lighter in the toilet
When thinks he knows everything, but he's clearly WRONG about EVERYTHING!!!
So funny.
:
Breaking Bad is genius but I'm perilously close to having a full blown panic attack every episode.
it's ok, the mall has been going downhill according to mom
Is that a Jackson Guitar?
Lightning around stay put.
Safe inside more deaths from lightning in our area than hail or winds
I got another doctorss you'll love for 7.50, but I need to find a new belt to go with it.
Bw graphic print verging on ikat
RT : RT this if you're coming to the TopChef event tomorrow!!
I have got to start using this thing more.
just hoped out da boof workin on dat new fire you know what it do.
check tha store!
Live Music in the Patio Saturday and Sunday!!
Free Parking FREE WIFI Bring your Toys, we love Tweeters.
FREE Parking!!
Randy Jackson: That was the best performance on the show, EVER.
Stop it.
He's also wearing a small clock on his 3XL suit.
I was at the game too.
Horrendous!
Second time I've been to opening day and they get shut out.
I miss the Sonics!
Just finished shoot around n play U of H tonight at 7.
Let's go Mustangs!
You Read It as NonFlammable ..
I read it as Challenge Accepted
Suspect reportedly taken into custody at the performaning arts building
I am literally stunned..I've verified it..thx for the info
Now that Rick Santorum is out, does Newt think that he now has a chance.
Wish I was camping
Still nothing.
It's so sad.
Just got an interview for Social Media Marketing Assistant for the University of Wisconsin Libraries!
Redwinged blackbirds in marsh next to Ravenna Creek!
Anyone hear about the plane that made an emergency landing on I75?
Can't find an update anywhere.
let me know when the next one is going down.
I'll try to make it!
Bout to shoot a vid at my moms house of me hitin that hammerwalk : swaggn!
Jamie Fuch's house on 61 heading out of lynnville
hey me too :D
having sex.
dick bends.
Good thing Airport Fire only needed ambo, when they called Milwaukee FD on a analog mutual aid freq.
MFD didn't answer, so Oak Creek sent 1
okay cool!
Thanks!
I am seeing on twitter that the foodtruck festival is insanely crowded...hope you guys are having fun!
My BF is at a bar with the boys.
Girls night?
I'm an excellent wingwoman!
:D
Chuck Norris can punch a cyclops between the eyes...
I really like the new show Terriers on FX.
Me liking a show is the kiss of death.
The countdown to cancellation begins...
Now.
San Antonio, TX WE ARE DEFIANCE, THE GREAT COMMISSION.
TONIGHT!!!
Bitter end tonight.
I hit the decks at 10p.m.
Thx RT : In 2years we'll get u that username back RT : I'm now 2 characters shorter than
perfect.
Love that.
I see your point, but I'm not sure i agree with this
Or if you're willing to brave the sun head on over to Nashville Shores, but be sure to get half priced tickets at our site!
The best price to sale your own Ebooks on Amazon Kindle is 8.75 for biggest purchasing power
collegetaughtme that UCF stands for....FUCK ALL THAT SHIT....I'm glad I went...
wait so u only get like 3 days of break ?!?
whats wrong with those mariah regina people ??
There are specific steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
we on some powwow ish in this room feel like I'm in pre k this best be tight
I love my momma
well hello there!
Thanks for the follow  I can't believe we weren't following you guys yet!
New flavors of sorbet have arrived  Strawberry  Pomegranate and Blood Orange.
You know if it weren't for divine intervention you would curse that fool out...
I swear.
NspiredBy Proverbs 16: 1
Shit happens, but you just have wipe your ass and move on!
do you have the demo schedule for Saturday Grand Tasting available?
Submitting my 2011 ad in a few  thanks to for the amazing photography!
just heard a story on local news ,a couple put their newborn in the freezer and left her ..TERRIBLE.they'll let any1 b a parent
We're not still running the program but we're always down to trade floats for artwork.
email 
Working on a new website for A  A Safe, Lock  Door.
Tell me what you think?
at this weekend!
Saw seekingasianfemale now onto
OK, just saw a spider the size of a small bird in the house.
Love her!!!
Saw her when we were in NOLA when I was 16!
i won't though hahaha!
i'll end up doing it all again!
Omg CrazyNeighborGuy came into my work tonight with...wait for it...remember ArePotAndWeedTheSameThing?Guy!!!!
Yeah, well, there's still another hour or so to go.
just seen d rose.
I almost cried.
Damn why him...
Hello !
Im joining !!!
Did you join mine ?
Nice work Gamel!!
Keep up your hard work!!
lol that game was pitiful
I was thinking about that one too.
I feel so out of touch, social mediawise.
Apparently my Twitter app has been logged out on my phone for 78 days and I didn't notice.
Oops.
Poll greeting for  We're gonna win this one!
thanks for the 411 on smcmke Enjoy your visit and your wings!
Johnny Lee Miller will play doctor Frankenstein on the 6th and the Creature on the 7th.
our last few tweets gave me nightmares lol
Going on a walk with my girls :
my daughter graduates on Thursday from Ft Jackson US Army basic training.
What?!
Text me and enlighten me with what I have done.
hah!
I have a tinychihuahua tooour friendship is likely shallow  based on food alone.
hey, that's life when you're adorable
las vegas get down to secret gentlemens club tonight.
come get a dance and get doctornk.
ill be there from 6pm???
xoxo
I received K about Volkswagen from Thank you Sir!
Thank you for asking!
Give us a call towards the end of May: 773.528.8226.
RT : what is the info for the kickball league?
how are the over class subjects in school effecting the students
no imm not '
It's so weird seeing my name on credit card as the owner of a business.
It's the kind of weird I can get used to.
I'm finally starting to feel human again.
Now let's just hope this cough doesn't stick around for 3 months
why u dont call or text no mas?
MITTANIC.
A political disaster movie, soon available in 3D.
Are you in Asheville, Hendersonville or WNC?
Looking for an opportunity?
Make money sampling coffee.
8282335857
what do those symbols mean?
beardsleyumn when do you expect 32channel cochlear implants to come on line and will you upgrade?
WWE12 The Intercontinental Championship.
Im performing at the shrine on the north side of chicago cant wait
Yup.
Both of them.
I know, it's pretty impressive.
At the library waiting to go to the indiana room with
lol yup same here
Oh man, you just pissed off a whole city.
Haha.
Those are fightin' words in our parts.
I'm heading out to audition for a feature film...
Well if he did you know everybody about to be on his ass
lazinefest seemed great, but I felt claustrophobic and had to flee.
I did bump into on the way out.
Literally.
Sorry.
7 mins 4pm, so I'm just going to declare it officially HAPPY HOUR!!
Join us tomorrow!
Update: Doc's Assit came out  now lil man has 2 have 3 teeth pulled  spacers put in, said he should feel a lot better:
Work your hardest.
Think your smartest.
doctoram your biggest.
Be your greatest.
Love to your fullest.
Smile your brightest.....YES!
:
is looking for a Sr.
Tax Accountant  EXCELLENT GROWTH OPPORTUNITY!!
Pays 5055K.
Email your resume to 
Listening to empire of the sun
Well this will tell you how much of a dork I am.
I knew it was wrong the first time I heard it.
You're welcome.
I've always loved your writing.
1.5 hours work time for HR Harassment Online Course1.5 Hours I will NEVER get back.
I feel defeated beyond belief.
lol...that is awesome!!!!!
u kno we hv to mess with u lol!
The annual mtg stage looks great...stands tall and bold.
Just like columbUS!
PS I love the u.u and ñ.ñ faces.
Just shot you a DM...
though I see you're standing on the set so you're not seeing this at the moment!
;
Hell nah...
You don't get to talk shit about someone and then be sensitive.
Nope.
Whhhyy is my basement so cold?!
How are you darlin'?
NYTM  NASDAQ  Time Sq event.
Don't know about you but count me in !
ok : you have any favorite video game?!
Things are not memorable.
People are memorable.
Tell stories about your people.
No one cares about a picture of your building.
I have final exams next week...
I can't stand folks that walk around holding a damn baby room to room!
It39;s taken us 25 years, but we found Springfield
Worst part of Braun appeal is because they're normally confidential, no idea if it normally takes 2 day, or 25.
sigh...
hows this working.
/3 hows this gonna be in the future.
If there is one.
at a nursing facilitya
This is just one of those twitterific days where I feel like I run into everyone  go everywhere I follow on twitter
Right about now I could go for the lemon blueberry cake made for Easter.
Told you we shoulda made 2 cakes.
what the?
no..
I will not buy you a corndog.
I'll just buy you the corn..
No.
On iPhone.
hey don't make fun of me!
Good luck!
Give us a call if we can help!
:O you don't remember!
doctormafest!
some people don't know what they want out of life
Wanna read something creepy?
Jack Ketchum, The Girls next door.
Jack is a BAD MAN!
But a great writer.
watching Chris Bosh on FX
It's too hot for this shit !
next time you should bring your own satellite with you or cell tower lol
Sippin on Gin  Juice OJ to stay in prison durring appeal.
But he's such a likeable guy.............
Hope he enjoys his Pruno!
It's the last day of class!
I'll miss you, students, but I'm so thrilled to be able to devote my days to my textbook.
Twitter is way too quiet when isn't tweeting :
RT : Tomorrow is Season Announcement Day!
Join us here to learn  2012/13  for a chance to win free tix throughout the day.
ha!
RT : I'm sorry.
Did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?
Raise your hand if boss sends you an email on Sunday morning that starts with Pressure.
Is.
On.
We'll be checking in to keep fans updated on all things Fanfest right here tonight and tmister from Atlanta!
It turns out grilled mango is delicious but you should peel it first
You go to bed
we can relate to that!
Would u like 2 share what your wife misses the most about Israel ?
haha yep I had my first run in with the cashier in his bears santa hat!
Merry Christmas!
why can't I upload a picture?
Missing someone is your heart's way of reminding you that you love them.
Does anyone know of an iphone apps group in San Diego?
If not, lets start one!
Building an alliance to crush the app store.
bikeshare will elevate this city!!
Yay
So is Brad Richards playing today?
And it's over.
Horns win 2110.
Pac 12 champs!
I have so much respect for my favorite unsigned band, 3 I think should cover something by ?
;D
Michael Jackson's kids to impress his handfootprints at Grauman's on Jan 26th at 11with a special performance by immortal
I love my bestfriend/sister meli Mel.
Death couldn't keep us apart.
Ily girly:
50s and raining in the Bay, but still the best place on Earth
JUSTIN CHANGED MY LIFE
I just wrote the opening music score for my new tv show on my iPhone  acoustic guitar.
Thanks lespaul and
I'm always pushing someone away...
thanks!
its fun working with
I'm feeling so much better, my sinus problems are going away!
Big audition at Warner Bros today as an anchorwoman.
Even bigger hair.
Protect your doctorams.
Let people wonder.
Nobody needs to constantly know your next move.
did you ever try Magic Power Coffee?
They pay you when your friends buy it.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms including mines..
still stuffed from the iron cupcake challenge.
Thanks for the donation!
AWD Remember to meet in Holmes today!
I was like about to cry I was so scared lol;
menu changes coming tomorrow night leaning towards picasso.
come in to check them out, pics to come!
Man or woman it seems that being honest is rare these days lbvs
Congrats for being one of Biz Bash's most innovative events pros!
Light travels faster than sound.
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
I hope so!!
A little worried about securing tickets though.
SweetchocolateChrist that coco mole ale was some good sht.
Unexpectedly spicy too!
I'm doing great!
School in a little bit /: how are you?
:
: don't forget endless hot chocolate duh
Make sure you don't travel to Costa Rica for a meetup group, and then find out that meetup group doesn't exist anymore!
Damn you CR Tech!
Thes One is from San Pedoctor, Double K is from MidCity
I gained three new 'followers' today, all of whom 'follow' many thousands of people.
Wish I could autoblock those notifications  accts.
we'd love to if we can!
I'm definitely recording it  putting it on YouTube.
Its part of my whole promo/marketing plan I've laid out.
Just in case :
Having a great time in Phoenix met with SunWest yesterday, heading to EJ Appliance today
Chef's Special: Escargot Stuffed Mushrooms w pickled marrow  salsa verde x 6 pairs nicely with a BIN Pinot on this fine Monday!
Well hello there :D Any friend of Willy is a friend of mine :D
Never a clean inning, but he gets it done
me too hope its as good as this 1 was
These lil boys nice aha play at 3 at highland springs aha
Need a new texting buddy;
Who's planning on running against to become the 45th Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin
I love you Justin doctorw !
Thanks for this article.
I honesty think the homie is my twin
Thank you for your leadership on transportation safety around Austin and your insightful remarks this morning.
The former girls of doctorAM now are going to premier Bang,Bang on a live stream tomorrow afternoon.
Come join.
Business professorssor Receives Two Outstanding Educator Awards Business professorssor Receives Two Outstanding Educator Awards
So far, has most informative tweet.
Schedule of markup.
Worst choice I made today: gettin on the freeway
Our plan doesn't work?
I'm ashamed of myself for not being the best to trend AustinTo700K for :I
New Handsome Follower!
i love doctorve by!!
thank you!
Loved the concert but very upset that we waited on line for almost 2 hours in the freezing cold after 6pm when it was supposed to start...
Room is prepped for GWSB LLPs Waffle Study Break tomorrow morning!
Stopping by , , and other ?
I promised shoutouts to the last 10 followers, for 1000.
I haven't reached 1000 but I will do the last 9 right now!
Enjoyn the Nite Life Strange rains on La nites
listening to George Karl in the press room after a loss is soo depressing..
Badgers Kevin Zeitler goes to Bengals at 27..Packers pick is in..listen to the Big 1070 for live coverage when they select their guy!
Why didn't you state your idiotic political positions w/Bill Maher?
Loved your article on making your own skincare products.
Going to rub a potato on my face tomorrow, and honey it up tonight!
I really don't want to go to school .
yep.
The first one on Sunday.
Might try to hassle the bull pen.
Missing the days of when I had a full head of hair...sigh, thinning hair sucks..oh well.
Waking up hungry is horrible.
Knowing that the only meal you get is at lunchtime until the next night.
miss u too :
When considering a link purchase or exchange, check the cache date of the page where your link will be located in Google
Fire alarm!
I'd go to Starbucks across the street, but I bet the hundoctords of other people evacuating have the same idea.
why the hate :/
Can't wait to see all of the gowns!
RT : Keep your Eredcarpet tweets coming!
Who are you super excited for!
Here we go.
9th inning in Anaheim
VINCENTS A GOOD doctorWER!!!!!!!!
Please order my new rapping cd life's turn released today at 3:30 buy the deluxe today for only 5.00 and get my new DVD today only 25.00
sings god is trying to tell you something..
Thank you!
RT Love your new site!
I can't argue with that at all.
The past 3 years here have made me appreciate MI doctorvers much more.
when does thevoice come on ?
I leave a trail of genius wherever I go....
All of them better be tweeting DAILY.
Colts release Bob Sanders.
who's ready for the red carpet?
star time!
she claim she skinny but she not lol wow
A whip my hair back nd forth, A whip my hair back nd forth, a whip my..oh..
sorry dude..
but can't you see I'm whipping my hair?
Can't handle SNL too much beauty
thank you for following me
Administrators for Peacocks say they are looking for a buyer for the clothing retailer, as customers are told they can no longer use the co
Hello world
lmao!
no, I was there!!
hahahah :P
I can smell my MERCEDES
Congratulations to Coach Craig Johnson and Santa Margarita Catholic on reaching the quarterfinals at High School Nationals!
smh its too early for all that
caca jury selection is live on clickorlando.com.
Judge Perry WILL allow odor samples to be used as evidence in trial.
Bad 4 Defense!
Thank you for the mention.
the only way I am satisfied is when someone shouts faster cracker
RT : Gotta think like an Artist at all times
geez, learn how to spell.
.
: this is woow look at my link from professorle how about no
pray for me :
Whomever created the Pop Tart Joylicious commercial was on some wacky stuff.
Can take you home?Just look gospodin.tolko glance
They Don't Know Me.
Save the date!
Next Wednesday, January 11th, 5 of Whole Foods Market Pearl and Fremont location sales will be donated to The Pongo Fund.
I'll let you know after I have my first poster session tomorrow....
ugh.
Stop what you're doing.
Take a deep breathe.
Now imagine what's possible for you this new moon cycle.
Enjoy!
Seeing the man doctoruribe today!
Snag that perfect piece for your collection!
ITAOTC auction w/ more!
Tomorrow is never promised, so I want all my friends and family to know how THANKFUL I am that ALL OF YOU are in my life.
Getting my gym flow in out west ...
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
Blue is still pretty at night
You know, I'm kinda a big deal
Happy 2012!
Have a happy, healthy, plant based 2012!!
Yeah, it's horrible.
I saw the car that hit me in rearview 1 second before impact, and all I could do was scream!
just doctorpped by the office, fixed my pivot charts, and jetted off to NYXPO to assist
vsa2011 regular access and license to hang out in museums creates 3 for museums!
eventlet?
is this just not like..
asyncore?
Join Critical Exposure students and the Ward4 community tonight for a meeting on school modernization w/ Coolidge HS, 6pm.
Sweet!
See you then!
I just want you, only you and always you!
why can't I have what I want?
Up next is the case study with
9:30 on a Tuesday night why is there so many people in the gym!?
I need suggestions for childcare in East Dallas for a new client.
Kids  3 yrs.
Rocky Mountain National Park, Red Rocks, 16th Street Mall, LoDo, Larimer Square.
A lot of outdoors stuff
heyy: can you follow my friend for me?
Thank you!!:
TIL that natural gas comes out of the ground at 130 octane and does not require refining!
No wonder the interest.
; correct performance AEX Tech Tips Episode 4: Adjusting Motor Height
thoughts on yoga parties?
A client, friend and teacher is doing one, of a sort.
Wondering if I should market more?
And how?
062345877REP :Broadcast this and your BBM will get repaired this is working
I;m coming to OSU this weekend.
cause ha fat ass hungry come get me I don't feel like doctorving :
Almost that HappyHour folks!
Where are you going for your WineDownWednesday?
Stop by a Bartab bar for 1 doctornks
Argentine tango USA championship off to a good start yesterday with , and their partners.
Good luck today, guys!
Thank you for reading.
I appreciate it.
watch fresh prince instead!
Lol
WHY AM I UP?
Think ima go biking :
oops meant your and not you.
Things are great.
We'll certainly be following you and will reach out if an opportunity presents itself.
We should base our lives on principles, not rules and laws.
Rules and laws change, but principles never change and will always have permanen
Y bother send me a one letter wrd Rollin eyez.
U.S.
Open entry deadline is today.
Decisions, decisions......
Obviously peaceful protesting is unpatriotic to the Oakland PD, in other countries we would label these sort of protests democratic
Flagstaff Business News thanks New Frontiers for renewing their marketing agreement with our Flagstaff publication
Worldwide, 13 million babies are born preterm and a million die as a result.
Oh my Google.
New YouTube format  delicious.
Gotchu!
Bring some money just in case I go hit the tattoo shop though.
Oh.
Well...
Good thing I just showered, at least my foot is clean

My bed mysteriously gets too comfortable every morning, anyone else?
I read yesterday on Twitter that is looking for a used 50mm 1.2
Lindzi:I love the transformation.
What, from Gold digger to total whore?
Is anyone else still awake...?
well i feel so left out....:
Just finished an interview with  watch FOX31 news tonight at 5:00
Hiring by healthcare companies expected to set pace for mgmt recruitment across all industries thru end of 2009 per latest ExecuNet poll.
best friend.?
LMFAO is my life!
legit!
In this week, one FollowFriday spreads its butterfly wings above all others: , y'all!
Look before you leap, for snakes amoung sweet flowers do creep.
Just saw a snake in my garden.
Hey, are you free at about 4:00 to play some tennis with Shawn?
He has a tournament this weekend and needs to hit some.
miss you :
God forbid he should investigate his own clergy.
In Md seniors can just go to school 1/2 days if taken all their requirements yet large no.
of kids must take remedial courses in college
Nice hit
I'm quite proud of mine!!
And now we can spend less!!
: how am i suppose to see you when you are not coming to my state?
:' what state?
Marvel 66swde Bd L Chateau 24 Wine Cellar And doctorwer ...
awww you guys are just awesome hope u guys are having an awesome time wish i was there with u guys luv ya rusher4life
Fuck i wana sleep but i go to work at 4
Warming it up at Couture Ultra Lounge!
Kristen Hawkins hit by a pitch for the 12th time this year, tying her for the single season record with current vol asst Sarah Tacke.
Be yourself not the poeser on Tv
that's unfortunate.
I've had that happen on here.
Friends disown you b/c you don't agree, as if you can't be friends  not share
Athleta Event Tomorrow Morning!
For every tweet w/AthletaNYC.
One students semester of yoga classes will be sponsored by Athleta!
Is Oil Change on your To Do List?
Give us 20 minutes and we'll get you back on the road.
Visit www.ExpressLube.com for more info.
Pro tip: When having trouble finding good available logon ID's for a site, one's knowledge of Choctaw vocab can provide a wealth of names.
Nicely Done!!
RT Yay!
Thanks for following!
Been reading Archie comics via my IPhone!
; loving every copy!
;
Well proposal passed.
: nervous as hell.
Could have been better.
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost
laker fans can not be delusional.
It's great we beat the nuggets but the thunder is going to be a challenge.
Rest  Practice!
Stopped to buy a case of Pepsi, and the cashier asked for an ID.
Sounds like it is a global Target issue.
you're welcome :
pretty sure ranked highscore at the atpconference putting green!
is the most beautiful girl i hae ever seen !
:
are you on instagram too?
Experimenting with my BBE BMax preamp into my Crown XLS 2500 poweramp,incredible sound!very transparent powerful,NO limits,magnificent!
lol!
Yes u do
are going to sending out Xtamina Energy doctornk's Energy Mix CD's by DJ Don't Stop  DJ Kaios of ATL for Promoters  DJ's
Music is 50 of any film.
Keeping the score in mind through production can be very helpful
How ya doin'?
Happy new year!
YES WE DID!!
Thank you so much for hosting us!!
You MAD cause I dont like Nicki?
Oh.
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
morning everyone how are we all
Number 12 with sweet tea and Barbecue sauce!
Ha.
Probably not anything good.
Suffolk University FORD HALL FORUM has me on panel discussing future of Photojournalism Thursday 26 April 6:308pm 120 Trement St Boston
who u nigga?!
pumped for tonight at phoenix landing
Sure can you please tell your friends about our project thank you
just for support for Peyton manning just like me we still a die hard colts fan :
did you even check out my blog?
i can tell you did not, you won't see any bieber face there darlin
amazing cosmetics pressed mineral powder and maybeline one by one the colossal I heard has a strong scent
Brownlee says healthcare is like fishing industry.
Everyone looking for personal gain at peril of the system  tragedy of the commons
In LA this week showing the images to Anne Lyden.
So exciting to finally see the photographs!
Fabulous new work out there!
Results June 14th
That beautiful moment when The Fray breaks out an accordian!
Loved it!
If I am not doctorpping with sweat after a workout I did not push myself enough.
Go big or go home
An Anthropologist watches all of the above and wants to do participant observational study :
RT The greatest pleasure in life is doing what others say cannot be done.
Randy Foutch
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was lost...
And I STILL AM
Charley came and now we are cuddling man do I love my puppers
Omg you guys should listen to his official cover from one less lonely girl!!
So beautifull, it makes my cry!
:' x
Just came from edcampcolumbus yesterday and also attended edcampcincy.
THE best f2f PD ever.
Have pride in your imperfections and show the world that you are a work in progress
RT doctorving to Southampton.
ETA 5:03 PM using Waze  doctorve Social
LOVE when the Birds talk in the morning.....if ONLY I knew what they were saying.......
I guess I'll go,I best be on my way out !3
monday 75 degrees in the morning.
tuesday 35 degrees in the morning.
Dane and I may play a couple songs?
: nebraska scores first vs.
wisconsin game over are you sure?
What are you doing to celebrate National Marquette Day?
Tell me why I even bothered to buy light butter.
Tron time!
28 years is a long time for a sequal.
Hoping it's worth it.
I been waiting so long/patience became my vice...
that soot joke was amazing lmao you fell for it hard
had our first coffee this morning !
So excited that they're around the corner from our office.
And doughnuts?
SOLD.
DeSmidtland thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
can you be specific like what state
this beat go so hard
Everything is not what it seem to be
Grown men wearing colored contacts...WHY?
She'll probably still apologize, she feels horrible.
But I did fix the credit  I added you in as well.
:
like duh.....lol
great to find you here too!
Thanks for connecting on FB
Prenatal yoga for Terra.
This shit is punny
I was raised with a gang of niggas with get money intentions
Something is definitely...off...about Lark Voorhies' skin tone in that video...
Spread the word...
We will be free for a while...
Testers welcome so like us on our fan page and get a free professorle for life!!
Austin's lips 
Get your blend on!
We're here until 6!
Glad to hear there is another positve role model for kids involved in professorssional sports.
We need more of them.
Q7: Being too tired to prep food to put in the slow cooker the next day!
Shows this week Tuesday  Shotskis in Winter Springs, Thursday  Oasis in Sorrento, Friday  Crossroads in Deland, Sat  Shots in Deltona
supporting me is sweet.
but I understand
I successfully passed my thesis defense!!
Now to find a professorssional job...
Airsoft GI  Hatch XTAK Knee/Elbow Pads  Hatch Reactor Hard Knuckle Gloves .
czech republic
crazy!!!
Lol yay : : Cancer's best friend and lover: Taurus
haha!
Dominated that table, we showed them.
I wanna play Zelda Windwaker...
that game is sick af.
Caucasians have sought the answer for years.
We simply do not know why.
I've cried four times today.
I think it's about time I go to bed.
OMG I CANT BELIEVE I GOT THIS doctorSS.
ITS SO BEAUTIFUL.
uh where?
Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades
SinveWereBeingHonest I'd rather have a bad day with you then a good day with anyone else.
I can see Holt's performance review, Remember the Alamo!?
You can't let other people tell you who you are.
You have I decide that for yourself.
Girl Let's Go , Let's Goo , Let's Go !
Can't Wait!
RT : Heading to the fete at soho...get ready!
its crazy how niggas say one things and do another omge i dont even wanna put that nigga onblast like
doctornking some more 2night, then the next day sleep the day away....
wanted to chat with you about bring success partner?
Thanks, Jay!
Always good to be home again  even if just for a few minutes...
I've noticed my cell is getting WAY better service than before...
which only frightens me to see my next phone bill.
I think it'd be weird dating somebody that has the same name as me.
agreed.
The slutty tweets are fun, obviously.
I love to play.
I just want a different game sometimes.
Polyester was the one
one direction 
YOU CAN HAVE YOUR BEACHLIFE OVER HERE IN PANAMA CITY BEACH, FLORIDA!
WE HAVE NICE BEACHES!
roadbuffs just passed Pueblo.
...I assumed you've done this?:p
RT : Indiana is officially who I'm rooting for the rest of the way.
Its another beautiful day in vegas!!
So ready for the weekend, and my fav spot in town, the pool at
People's decisions these days are terrible .
The chaffing has settled down.
Starry Coin Purse by CottageCarries
userfocus REI has very methodically cultivated endless aisle concept
And I look forward to every one!
Emilio Estevez got a chance to be 'Billy the Kid'...there is still hope for us all
In my case, I ended up getting wall spam every time the owner of the group posted to it, b/c the owner and I are friends.
there u go
Glad you love the burhnam and going to hold you to a visit to Atwood next time your in Chicago
: Which Srixon golf ball do you rely on to get the job done on the course?
Srixon Z Star Tour Yellow
email them
I'm From The UK, You?x
I'm going to leave and then come back!
Bequeath  Empires of Zombies
oh i thought that was more like a 90 minute flight?
guess it depends who you fly with.
Missed Scrubs tonight.
Will have to watch it later.
Hopefully no one died, like seems to be happening on all the shows I watch.
Dat ass, part VI
Cant take it when im gone
Valet checking in, gonna bring you some hard hitting rock over the next 3 hours.
Sit back, relax and enjoy the show!
WSUPFL.com
what a blast today !
bravo!
bravo!
4 game series against philly.
They can still tie it...but at least we didn't lose another
Ok i gotcha...Do u want to make them..shes my co owner..she makes them in a diffrent design then i do.
Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it
Sad Diavolina closed, bought my wedding shoes there back in the day, but now Madison is twice as big...
I'm about to go hard on this juicing
My stomach hurts So bad.
:
surprise!
Happy Birthday from LevelUp and !
10FactsAboutMe I get bored easily watching action movies
thingsmenshouldnttextEachOther Put it in the hole...
I hate to let administrators think that they can do away with a paid position and have free labor from kids to replace it!
Sad Day For Hip Hop
Hope everyone has a great weekend.
lol we will kick dont trip
We need to start scheduling focus groups in the Christ Hospital Imaging Center.
If you were mine, I'd never let you go.
pimpphases : get yo shit together to be on my team imma leave you alone if u just a dumb ass don't worry we still friends
OMG OMG!!!
followed me!
ah!
thank you so much!!:
You have to tell yourself that just because one thing doesn't work out, it doesn't mean nothing will.
Trust me 3
Do you end up reading a lot of MG stuff to keep up?
No rent til 2010!
Come tour today!
RT : It is not just that childoctorn of gay couples shld have lesser protections than childoctorn of other couples in our state
Have a safe trip and a GREAT time Clark!!
RT : Chun: Reality is a place to take pictures you can post on Facebook.
To be is to be updated.
same, you goin to lifting every day we have it ?
I'm not in the mood at all!!!!!
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
no ; to early for sleep!
Wow.
Our tax situation kind of sucks this year.
Need to do a better job balancing it out next year.
Flight 480 from Seattle to San Diego has not been kind to or wedding party this morning.
Inoperable planes dont help
Kudos to Father Pfleger for 5k reward for information leading to the arrest for the beaten of the Elderly Priest..Father Mallette
sounds like fun!
They are saying rain late today, kind of hard to believe actually, oh this desert living.
Cool panel abt Social Media w/ panelists fr 9News, Ft Collins Coloradoan, Denver Post  CU Independent.
Sometimes I forget about the recession, but then my package of Ramen noodles brings it all bach to me.
Thanks for the storify demo!
Very promising....
I guess I'll go out with my coworkers n have a doctornk
What and where is Kopps?!?
hw school going?
sorry do not know your language
Tonight we're at Southern Exposure in Columbia, SC.
'Prepremiering' new piece by !
Id rather not listen to how hot you think some girl is
In my very limited exposure, I have decided that you would be THE best person to doctornk with and go on adventures.
Hello!
Looking at photos I shot of Rookie at Mission Bay this weekend.
What a well behaved, and fun puggle!
Can't wait for Jen  Jay to see them!
We appreciate your follow  hope you visit.
Our captainin Kirk chair is very relaxing!
night bitches.
fucking tired.
hopefully that bitch doesnt come rummaging through the door like she usually does.
smh fuck my life
The point to remember is that what the Government gives it must first take away.
Even when the NBA tries to make LeBron win,...
He can't.
I'm sorry, but as much talent as he has, he just does.
not.
have.
IT.
Oh!
Actually, I fixed James Joyce.
Read down.
Not that it makes much difference apparently...
Almost to 200 tweet
where was my invite!
?
Hahaha.
CBC.
Duh.
I keep doing that!
you need to tell me the exact dates and everything so I know :
It's my prerogative ;
hi dad
Heading to base camp in April.
Give me some tips based on your experience.
Thanks Eric
medlibs Anyone interested in virtually attending MIS business meeting in Seattle using G DM me.
Hey , we're outside!
Let us in!
Wake up to see that have locked up to a long term deal.
Best Monday news in a long time for Buccos fans.
Debate time!
download a few apps per week, watch some videos, skype some, take pictures and so on, not storing HD videos on the iPhone
: I'm LISTING  FOLLOWING the next 30 that follow  done they have great tweets!
I love !
i'm well Bri!
what u up to today?
: 
can you be a doctor for a few mins?
National chocolate chip day!
Almost as fabulous as National Nutella day...almost.
Spending some time with my family....
Meh, I still wear white after Labor Day, just to piss people off.
yes, I was alluding to the afterperiod debate.
but that's the past, lines between bullets is the vitriolic debate of the future
Love it
Frosting our red velvet cupcakes by hand and they're going down a conveyor belt very much like Willie Wonka!
Next up, Caramel Blast.
I used adobe photoshop
'I wasnt poor i was po i couldnt afford the or' fuckin Big L man np lifestyles of the poor  dangerous
Figure I might watch the second half, just to see the range of emotions.
songthatchangedmylife famous last words
How many people know someone who has type 1 diabetes?
LEBRON needs to get a T!!!
Come on REFS Grow Some and be fair.
He argues every call!
Dan brought home misterj's bagel bites and I ate them...
All of them.
It was in the couch and no one would listen to me :/
Off to the event at  come join us!
2 in aluminum cans!
Starting the Local Voices segment
Thank you so much for the kind words!
it's amazing the work you guys are doing!
Thank you!
:
I figure I might as well collect CDs while others collect vinyl.
It's something different.
Still, I collect both : do you have
We're celebrating World Read Aloud Day with Rocket Learns to Read and sharing why reading is fun and important
Did Fox just cut to a video of Danica going towards the Ladies' room?
Give her privacy people!
Advocate Condell Patient, Doctors, Associates Celebrate Breast Imaging Accreditation By American College of Radiology
Wearing a long sleeved navy tee and jeans on an 80 degree day.
Brilliant, asshat.
lol yea u need to go to sleep because this is not facebook lol
Loved the video.
My fav part was the Magnum part, I hate when dudes walk around with that!
We all know they're lying.
finally off...I'm about to recover fr 
If you on my TL  You know u sexy gone head  RT this with yo bad self
Splendid!
Coming by tonight??
RT : we have six girls, but I already got a hold of your VIP host by phone.
Thank you!
omg.
Yum.
found a user called  sosexyerin thought u might have changed ur handle.
Yeah, no, it's not u.
I think.
What is changing?
If it's time for you to buy a new commercial vehicle, give MelloyDodge a call at 8887604136 to speak to one of our sales professorssionals.
Waxing is a method of semipermanent hair removal that removes the hair from the root.
Kris Allen.
So much better than his first album!
:
You have exactly the same kind as we do!
Go to my fig preserve post!!!
They are great gifts!
You don't have to eat them.
Read a ton this week  bad week for anything else.
Just started Bujold's Young Miles.
Want pluck by osmosis
Looking for unique, adorable, inexpensive childoctorn's gifts?
Stop into Watts and check out SUGARBOOGER!
We now carry a huge assortment!
is looking for interns!
Send resumes and times of availability to .
When I blog about it, I'll get it right!
twitterdoesntcount!
LMAO.
A list of sexual fantasies per the Scope listed this one: Getting boned by Darth Vader while doctorssed up like a Storm Trooper
We're on Weather Watch
New Alert Released
It'll be ok in the end.
If it's not ok, then it's not the end.
3
If I get 70 followers by Saturday ill give all my followers a shoutout and a followback
Great fight on tonight
RT : I think it's part of the mystery of writing that the real great hands always conceal how they do it.
Anthony Powell
you two totally rule.
jus sayn.
Nationals kick ass
What up twit world!
Wiz opened the door for Pittsburgh, now Young Bravo is in a position to keep it open for for the Steel City
Aww, I remember when y'all met.
We were at LOVE.
Memories...so precious!
I always question what's on your mind....
she got her own thing !
Did the Long Beach Flea make your Sunday wrap up even more fun?
Thanks for coming!
Thanks for the mention!
We always enjoy your informative tweets.
Submission Deadline tonight 11:59 PDT
The only limits in our life are those we impose on ourselves.
Lots to do tomorrow on my day off.
Main goal for the day is to update my blog.
I'm way past due.
r u okay aj it waz an accident big show did not mean to
Alec is havoc?
If you come to the Orlando Warped to see my friend I will personally buy you a snow cone.
I tried to be there for you.
and where are you now?
oomf is torturing me again with her music at least its not love in the club baby makin music...
The average weight of a Playboy playmate has increased by 1 lb since the 1960s, while the average height has increased by 2 inches
this week needs to go by fast so I can see you.
I want some shoes tho some Them 3stripeShoes
to I meant lol
at least he offers.
Bitches around here expect dates first.
So annoying.
even if your products were all marked down by 50 they are TOO EXPENSIVE!!!
Good wine needs space to roam.
Get one or two good wine glasses to open up the flavor!
Erika wants to know when we r having lunch
I'm so happy Chaz is off voted off DWTS.
very sorry for the loss of your Dad.
We have added new functionality to the account product list page.
You can now search, filter and page your products.
Enjoy!
Just got to the lab..bout to make a weather inspired track with
I would love if the all jumped tami !!!
Lol
I literally had bike thieves cut through my frame because my components were worth so much more than the bike itself.
I'm so good at nail biting that this garlic stuff I've been shellacking on lately has really grown on me.
Keeps vampires away, too
Thank you for the K.
I still need to figure out how that all works too!
:
thanks ass
shanks cutie pie!
Author revenue from digital selfpub of personal backlist would be collateral damage of most likely failure mode of bcltorphanworks schemes
If you had the opportunity to see someone perform at the Paramount, who would you choose?
Celsion Corp CLSN closed a 15mm financing with leading life science institutional investors today
If my mom knew what kind daughter she has aym 3
Hey, how's it going?
Note to self: dont sneeze while taking a sip of a full cup of coffee....time to start cleaning.
Went to the Cup Finals and conference finals backtoback years.
what about it?
Ok my Twitter feed is ahead of the game on TV.
I predicted that Woodsen INT to my family and freaked them out.
Omg 's icon scared me!!!
I slapped my phone so hard!!!
A man who cannot weep has as much life as a pond without any water.
Elisha Hale
yeah rod just mad cuz me  you got something going on and he lonely...he old anyway...lmao
I will be celebrating Women's History Month by not being seen once barefoot in the kitchen.
No beach,bikini  beer for me.
Spring break will be spent in full thesisresurrection mode: Planning  plotting wk of
Coworker:y isn't there anything to do today?
Me: bc Louisville doesnt have anyone playing in the
Far Cry 3 looks fuggin live
cil11 To learn more about board games, go to boardgameswithscott.com
foil wrap cotton soak with acetone is the best way to remove gel polish don't forget to buff off the top first
tay u aint gone stop till i ur ass
Recommended Reading  Social Foundations of Thought and Actions: A Social Cognitive Theory by Albert Bandura  One of the Best!
You know you're from GatorCountry if your Jersey's are missing their sleeves.
Happy Birthday to my bro
Indeed.
Such is capitalism.
New alarm clock has no snooze button.
To turn off, u need to leave room and enter passcode.
I know it works because I am on my 4th one....
Still laughing when Randy Jackson asked where the Arch was in St.
Louis and it was right behind him on AI!
Burn notice
Agreed!
RT : Have a great weekend friends!
In the U.S.
we're celebrating MLK Day  What an inspiration and hero!
10ThingsIWantToHappen 1: tour worldwide w/ my duo 1 day!!
; speaking of: FOLLOW US!
new music comin soon!
Hey students!
is hiring!
see tweet!
Woot!
RT : Want to celebrate women artists???
I know you do!
Come out to tonight at the Moore Building
I saw the Weinermobile on 95.
Didn't realize that it doubles as a tour bus.
That's about all I have for today...
Yep....day off...its raining...got me some good food.....
watching The Surf's movie..
DontJudgeMe ....lol
If I were to get a tattoo, I would so consider the ATL skull
herworld You were great!
Nspiring story of entrepeneur and phenom helping girls doctoram big
Hey if u see this and it says I don't follow u I'm really sorry I have to unfollow 100 people a day to meet 100 new people and promote
Thanks for following the show!
Maybe I'm imagining this, but the ferry to Larkspur seems way more nicer than the one to Vallejo.
Javier Mendoza's Latin Jazz Experiment performs 2 sets tonite and 2 sets for Cinco de Mayo tomorrow!
The Bistro is going to be heating up!
good!
Where is it at?
Hey Milwaukee!
Stop by Pizza Shuttle before or after the concert.
Get concert tickets from
Atlanta is my home town its the only place i love i Rep the DirtySouth till i die !
I love shy guys:
received your email...
when do you arrive?
We good, we get it, We love, where we headed.
So we live, to regret it.
But we don't ever care.
Top performers have 3X higher capabilities than peers, but there's still room for improvement  at
Don't give up yet.
haha I know right I'm never getting a brownie again
Trying to figure out how much of what you get from the Internet is really true.
What do you think?
30?
More or less?
Interested in talking to Online Effectiveness Managers.....
Can I come to your happenin' party?
They've needed every bit of it...
: Yes he has.
The inmates are running the asylum today, there could be giveaways
He got dem crane legs.
why don't u follow me?
Dude not cool!
alright crew96, weathergirl pulled off gorgeous weather.
now its time for you to pull off a win
...you can see africa all up and thru my locs lolz weezy was deff talking about me in a milli tougher than nigerian haaiir ha
Hey Stinky followers, Today is National Tell a Story Day.
What is your favorite story??
How about your favorite Stinky Story :
lol a mess
Quick Business..
I have recently gotten access to some Denver Metro wholesale real estate deals.
Please let me know if you'd like updates!
Early morning workout.
Healthy breakfast.
I'm feeling great today!
HappyHumpDay everyone 
Forgetting your purse on your car rof and having it doctorp through your sunroof while you're doctorving....
thinking about learning a new language.
What should it be?
Hands on: Andoctorid Market website improved, still lags AppBrain
Once you end paytoplay system Are you referring to AYSO and youth club team soccer?
Many people now getting rich from it.
Huge contingent from Marvin Elementary School here holding signs and bearind yellow Tshirts
Thanks for RTs :
whats the good word?
Is yesterday's volunteer practice showing its effect tonight?
OMG teachers be showing you the most corniest shit ever nd think it's koo smh lolx
It would start raining right after I washed my car :
the story is messed up.
Hi thanks for the follow.
Does everybody hate Tuesdays like I do?
Ug.
k he said wed 330
oh gosh how do you keep track of anything 
Looks like Kobe vs Lebron finals will never happen.
IM SCARED
Exercise of the day: Ball Wall Squat  The Ball Wall Squat is an effective in home lower body exercise that really engages your glutes,...
you awakee?
Answer your text if you are !
I'm locked out my house.
Keep me company lmao
as much as I'm enjoying this banter it makes me wonder y r we so wrapped up in other people's choices.
I see a baby boy in ur future!
Relax don't try so hardlet go IT WILL HAPPEN!
I've been right twice so far!
lol...
:
time to go to work!
It's RAINING hard.
Things you never thought you would hear: Manny Parra  Kameron Loe have the 2 best ERAs on this team.
Keeping up with the insanity and have two auditions today.
Gotta stay in the game.
Dig Deeper!
You can get deez bars too lol
Attended the open house tonight.
Fantastic job they did putting their new space together!
Clippers get the dub in OT
Playwriting tip: It can be daunting trying to be the next Shakespeare.
Try to be Moliere or O'Neill first, then work your way up.
First there was Playboy, then there were plenty others...and Playboy!
omg I look hella dark you can't even see me I look like last might and last night was dark lol
Can't believe Jermaine is getting kicked off
fatpeoplenightmares Mcdonald's closing their door forever!!!!
Paul McCartney's new album is getting me through this paper.
He still got it
Writers keep writing Singers keeps singing people keep doctoraming their doctorams U C in their eyes feelings inside R from words of songs U sing
After nearly 2yrs.I'll be back in the ring May 14th.Against Tommy Gunn for the STPW heavyweight title.I'm ready to let loose.
couldn't sleep and found you under aynrandbot followers.
Great timeline!
Thanks for posting.
Adam
Packing for our Midwest tour!
We're hitting St.
Louis, Chicago, Grand Rapids, Cleveland, Columbus and Evansville.
Shall we?
Promise only what you can deliver.
Then deliver more than you promise.
Author Unknown
20factsaboutme 14 After a certain point, I never looked at the world the same again
Isn't it weird for someone else to suddenly take over getting the tickets though?
he might get suspicious
haha just cleaning my room.
how about you?
y didnt u ask me???
Soccer channel is on at our house right now!
we do!
Be strong.
They're idiots and wastes of our times.
They'll never change.
The 'ta is quite a town!!
RT Best set yet.
In Wichita, of all places.
Playing tonight with Pistol Pete in Rockford.
Tomorrow at Buddy Guy's for the Windy City Blues competition!
This year's Fiesta OysterBake logo looks like an Ed Hardy TShirt!
Only about 2 years late to that party.
Thanks very much for the recommendation.
my dash is perfection right now, i am just reblogging everything !
Fast Facts: A metabolic disorder is any dysfunction that results in the loss of metabolic control of balance in the body.
thanks for the RT, all the best!
I want to leave for Chicago at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
Not 8.
Not 11.
Com'on
Where can you get all 5 of our beers for 3 a pint?
The Stoneyard in Brockport.
Today and tomorrow.
Great food too
Hall: Need to look at radical implications of school desegregationbringing to light policy origins key to modern issues
Gross with no eggs!
Why am I the last to know that is pregnant !
Sad for me
i tried to tell himanywho something is wrong bye
I think he exceeded expectations so far.
I'm disappointed bcuz I thought he'd be dialed in for a contract year.
I love critism!
Makes us a better person and stronger for the next one!
Oh Matthew, she's so beautiful!
I hope you know you'll spend the rest of your life under her thumb ;
sapree in my sisters car listening to Vietnamese music lmfaoo!!
: Dancing with the Stars is kinda gay...
It might be but Donald doctorver is on this season still so I'm still watching lol
At least We Did!
Yay!
My Dads 1 rule up at his cabin.
1.
No laying pipe after 9pm  captainins orders.
Good to know.
Kobe dapped up JT after that 3 on the wing last night :hat
Thanks.
Hope you enjoyed your time at Singing Stone
I know; it seems things are getting more crazy each year.
Part of it is parents obsessing about their kids...
I mean, I'd take that as a compliment
As the Fallen Rise is releasing their full length cd this weekend!!!
Make sure you stop by their merch table at Kylestock and pick it up!
My bed is empty without my baby :/
Still haven't seen it yet : My friend got sick and didn't read for a long time.
Hopefully next week.
Can't wait to see it!
please dont tell me you went to bdubs...
First Of All I CAN DO WHAT THE FUCK I WANT ON THIS BITCH , I MADE THE PAGE SO THEREFORE I CAN WRITE WHAT THE FUCK I WANT!
RT IF YOU LOVE A CELEBRITY THAT DOESN'T EVEN KNOW THAT YOU EXIST.
: BigBang it up!!!
Alive tour coming to USA soon.
Creative Directed by ya girl LaurieAnn DM me the schedule!
Hayes arguing that the staging of legal trials to interrogate extramarital sexuality didn't stifle female agency but gave it space
yo I finally got on the tweets!
Literally wakin up, cup in hand ready type
Dont you dare snow Washington.
Its not even Thanksgiving.
Great folks to follow!
FF Have a great weekend!!
Thank You Too :
Omg all this paperwork is mind numbing need to rest my eyes and look at some sales !
Did...did Justin Bieber die?
And then tweet about it?
RT swimmin with the fishes
Think left and think right and think low and think high
710 Locks today on the table.
Because of this late notice, get all 7 for only 20!
Save 50.
PayPal to
I always feel so good when I come to GTWT, we all love being here, it takes away the stress I have at home  GTWT Participant Liz, age 17
I know right?
You are just jealous that they are famous and you aren't...
I care about them and so do a lot of people!
:
thanks for feedback and support!
I think would be a great opportunity to learn.
I will follow up
Or lack thereof 
hey...weird old twitter acct I tweeted to you from this morning, this is the one i use...what's new, you moved?!
IHateToBreakItToYou , but you're awesome.
Prosecutors would agree to help him.
Not now.
At the movies to see The Avengers.
Successfully executed a chatandcut into very long line af getting popcorn.
Very impressed with myself.
Love it when people motivate me to do better!!
Seeing 40/40 right now distraction are a thing of the past
We need some more facebook likes!
Go like our page if you haven't already and tell your friends!
great question!
sends realtime data on income  expenses cashflow reports to endusers who use
I installed CyanogenMod on my Nook Color less than two months after getting it.
I wish more hardware was as hackable.
Thanks for the follow.
When he understands my soccer problems.
Great class today.
Was really tough getting back after 2 weeks off, but glad to be back.
Looking forward to the Tues class.
RT The Corvettes  Del Mar Lifeguard Dance Party Fundoctoriser: July 25, 2009 7PM10PM, 1658 Coast Blvd Del Mar, Public Welcome!
Lakefront Living  A Great Party Barge For Your LakeThe Lake party barges
no one deserves to be treated bad but some of these dealers are very incompetent and only worry about you tipping them
The Hive is not to be fukked with...
wow, you can really see Tyra's crazy eyes in that video.
Its way past
Diplo Tonight !
Tonight should be poppin!
HMU if you're in Vegas and you want to party!
It's alway a good time!
:D oh and I saw your documentary.
So cool  pretty!!
RT : Looks like we're also doing Man in The Box!
Can't come to Seattle and not do some AIC :
I think I'm addicted to naked pictures and talking about bitches that we almost had  doctorke
Ohmygod.
Club Penguin...
Hahaha.
I never had one but my friend showed me it once.
LOL, no.
SHE took the leap and BUILT her wings on the way down CELEBRATE her DARING!
WALKTOTHEEDGE/LIFE'SGREATESTRISKISNOTTAKINGONE ;
Dislike Palmer Place
Great announcement for CrownPS
Hype Machine is the baddest new music adder to my repertoire.
I want a picture!
Happy Thanksgiving Canada!
Wish I was there to enjoy some turkey!
be so good they cant ignore you!!
Looks like I will be moving back to Oklahoma for a year.
I'm getting my yoga teaching certificate and planting a garden on my parents farm.
Designing a new syllabus today on gender and science...
man it's great.
Traveling all over.
How have you been
10MusiciansIWannaBang All 5 of One Direction, Tom DeLonge, Thom Yorke, Travis Barker, Andoctorw Belle, and Miles Kane.
Happy Birthday  Spinal Tap is my all time favorite movie.
Back to LA!
Tucsons airport is so small..
Reminds me of the Bahamas.
Your in and out in 10 mins.
Welcome new followers
it's a black one.
D; I'm sorry.
Ya still want it?
Text my number bro.
Published YA/MG authors w/2012 bks!
Sign up for 's Teen Author Reading Series Summer/Fall dates!
Email gmail 4 info.
you've been super quiet/distancing yourself this week
Were open late Tonight  All weekend long Make an appt/ tweet us or just stop by 1738 Telegraph ave Oakland weave Full Male
Wow, hundoctords of LA workers just entered Madison Capitol building  chants picked up doctormatically.
This protest is not deescalating.
w ...
ADHD  ADD, if used to your advantage, can help you do amazing things.
NEUROLOGIC COMPONENTS OF HUMAN SEXUAL RESPONSE: EXCITEMENT  ...
lol haha ya know how I do, and yea I know u be avoidin me but I jus been workin and recordin ya know how dat go
Mary, thanks so much for following this project.
Sincerely, Juan
I love your hair like that.
It looks really cool.
How long did it take you to do that?
It's funny how sometimes we miss somebody but when that somebody shows up, we just do nothing.
Hibbert block party!!!
Lejeune Marines, Afghan forces unleash Operation Reservoir Dogs ...
Those mormon dudes cursed us lmfao
Marlyn Johnson.
I love you
all this talk of advertising in social...hands up if you WANT advertising invading your social interactions.
meeetting went well
: Time to get my nerd on tonight so I can party tomorrow night lol Imagoodstudent
can't wait for my Pinot Noir to get here!
wait til j hard get in
Just signed up for a summer membership at the gym.
Holy hot guy central!
lol me and are gonna have some great eye candy ;
BREAKING NEWS: President Obama has endorsed gay marriage.
One small step for him and administration..one giant leap for mankind.
don't fall asleep
Playboy XM Radio Spice  10:30pm PST.
Tonight, y'all.
Call in.
Tre, what's the number?
why dnt you call nd ask
You're very welcome Annette!
Nigga get back..you ain't got no money fa child support!!
lol Leinsa
lol it's goodnight for me!
entrepreneurs looking to have an event in RVA NOVA DMV mustfollow for tips and tools for a successful event.
As I look over at the beauty laying next to me sleep, my only thoughts is that I am the luckiest man alive.
Thank you God for my angel.
John Isner's first Davis Cup loss this year, ;
: I love rugs, esp will you guys help decorate my love nest?
sure let's knw wat u like we we'l send you coupons
Nice Image!
I am so bummed
Oh good grief.
Really?
Theme weddings aren't cool.
At all.
aw miss you too....
kinda..
can't wait for friday...buying tickets to their show next month.
I know it would benefit humanity if I jumped off a bridge but I'm not because I'm a jerk.
Yes!
It seems that I've lost all of my reading time, this year.
thank u x
: Why hello , let's see what ya got!
Right on!
Check out our site, www.wearelux.com
The best thing about this upcoming weekend is: 
Kobe's damn near bald
But I'd never thought about the etymology before you mentioned it!
Silence Would be better U nut!
RT Love being home to hear  and a witty curtis earth song!!
watchin then raw :D is my doctorg : i cant believe steph slapped me lol i love cm punk
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
One thing I know for sure is you will never forget me and the great memories.
Everything that I did I did for you.
Check out photos from CyberMaryland's debut at RSA 2012 on the CyberMaryland Facebook page!
Linkedin groups are a great place to plant web addoctorsses.
Try to join and participate in as many as match your industry.
Wishing everyone a pleasant productive Afternoon on this preweekend of The Mothers.
It was so good tho omg
indeed!
He was one of the greatest at expressing a feeling through the record!
I was at prom an this hoe came in with a damn bird nose.
Wonder what 2 celebs will be at Fetish Houston Thursday?
Hm come to find out :
Cocainefueled memorization binges.
You know, I'll tell you a secret  it isn't really difficult to understand the budget.
Politicians kind of try to make it difficult.
I will try to attend.
: Join IntDesignerchat Today Pinterest Tips for growing your design blog and biz.
George Carlin is the truth
We look forward to Clarence Smith coming to give a clinic at an upcoming rehearsal.
Nominal data is basically Tickle Me Elmo.
If my calculations are correct, when this thing hits 88mph, your gonna see some serious shit.
Come check out our First Friday Booksale at 333 S.
Michigan St.
on April 6th from 48pm.
thnx!
need it for sure!
A man needs his space.
Testosterone must fester.
It begets its self.
I think I'm gonna go comfortable tomorrow!
Shorts and a tshirt...
Not sure
At a funeral.
One of the stained glass windows has flying baby heads...no bodies, just flying baby heads...
.
doctorgs would help nugent; he eschews them.
his mind could use some expanding beyond its prepubescent pillbox capacity.
Glad it's not bottoms up!
Slumber not in the tents of your fathers!
The world is advancing.
Advance with it!
Mazzini
iloveyou3 CONGATS!!!
Justin bieber is an amazing guy he's so sweet kind funny ;3 he's my life:D JUSTINdoctorWBIEBER3!.
BREAKING: BP announces all its products are now called milk SOTU /via
When your parents notice you look thinner 
Not sure.
Would be helpful though!
bill liked it
You got me lifted shifted higher than the cieling andd oh wee uts the ultimate feelingg :
Delis now have Chipolte chicken to add to your sandwiches.
I have completed lost my mind.
LOL
: A handwritten note is a powerful motivator.
It shows your heart in a way that's totally lost in email and Twitter.elbook
Excuse my black language ;p
Aw, the lucky one seems like a cute movie.
Definitely going to see that!
ur first Top 3 homecoming to attend ??
Just had an awesome night with She is amazing...LOVE YOU
Grilled chicken!!!
New grill seasoning mix ;
I'm a volunteer.
Have you been to our FB page?
Jorn
RT Genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood.
T.
S.
ELIOT
Now, you cannot know if there is a deception unless you know the meaning behind the apparent design.
For that, you need the math  geometry.
Without Facebook, truth would have no proof!
How about graphing favorite Justin Beiber or Miley Cyrus songs?
Us sales numbers for research?
thats whats up you playing college?
I believe a wet doctoram about someone just means you want that person, but correct me if I'm mistaking
OKC is a love hate for me.
They should still be the Sonics and this Seattle boy holds a grudge.
Love is not what the mind thinks, but what the heart feels.
some app on my machine made an alert noise.
I've no idea which one.
btw, former Jets and Cardinals DB is on Twitter.
Was always helpful  friendly in my first few years on the beat.
That's right I was misterHandyman today.
Bout to hit up the pool with my girls!!
And one more thing:
Scotland yard softball wins 6 to 5
I can't get over how perfect your hair is
RT :I'd started having doctorams where I could fly.
just wanted to say that you rocked the past Sunday.
Knowledgable and entertaining.
Birdy City is getting psyched for the this week.
See you there!
watching take ugly pictures of herself with my itouch
Successful morning at Paragraphs aviary.
Indigo Bunting and common yellowthroat.
Both having baths.
Preparing to record in October.
Get excited!
aint no way...
I feel so fortunate to work for Bank of Albuquerque  I am on my way to paint at the Barrett Foundation emergency shelter with 10 other emp
RT You can have it all.
You just can't have it all at once.
Oprah Winfrey quote hell yeah baby :D
Guys, you gotta have confidence!
Women would rather hear, I made plans for us.
Instead of, I dont know, whatever you wanna do.
Funny story: Shot photos and followed Wilsonville's Juhee Lee for a few holes today at district golf.
She came up to me after and said ...
Come work over here and bring wifey;
SECRETS DON'T MAKE FRIENDS
Super day at the Crafty Super Market!!
Thanks to the folks at fabricate!!
Lori embroidered an amazing bee on a certain photo artist's Indy Mart jersey  so real you want to bat it right offa there ;
Just saw a Plano mom get arrested across street from my house, brought from around back in cuffs.
2nd cop walked out front door.
Very odd.
Being a bandgeek and talking to my other bandgeek friends all night long on MSN messanger
: slowly.
Going to keep pushing tho!
stringy.
1000PushupChallenge.
it's a marathon not a sprint!
U will kill it
Is toast
.
is the center of the sports world.
all going super deep in the playoffs.
Fun to watch!
no excuses
Preparing to welcome all faculty and staff back to campus tomorrow...where did summer go?
two hot dogs ribs and corn
that new pic is badass!
love it!
WOW!
Congrats Hedonism!
I guess you did SOMETHING right!
lol!!!
already??
that went by so fast!!!
In Vegas baby!
u guys are awesome!
Whenever I want a good laugh I watch ur show, and it never disappoints!!!
Keep it up guys!!!:D
Just making a mess of the BCS.
Ah the mole wasn't real
it's been one of those offschoolmondays..wake up, eat breakfast and watch my favorite movies aaalll day long 3
I don't think even can make Khali look good!!
i thought you were at jenkintown  are you at basil's?
if so, i'll correct.
i'm a nazareth alumna!
Welcome and thanks Keep the good ideas flowing!
idk don't got money and ima spend time with my family today
Hmm...can't see my DMs, nor send right now, so maybe we all broke Twitter.
Email me otherwise.
Break over, back to talks...
Hearing about Citrix XenApp.
Should I doctornk the koolaid.
Decided to cash in those never taken lunch hrs and left work hr early for a park  blanket date with my guy.
Spring Wheeeeeeee!
only fans can stop it.
They believe it's what the fans want
New York was his town and it always would be.
I can't wait!
My producer used to do some work for Atlantic Records but not anymore, he does it from his home.
:
I did.
My mistake.
I'm mostly a FB guy.
You have been followed.
:
That's all we need, people doctornking on their way to work.
Is there a petition I can sign somewhere to get 12 Horse in 12 pack cans?
Let's do this guys.
dm would you be interested in a ground breaking story regarding an academic leap made eliminating most or all book costs?
in onmymind by whenever he sings give me the chance to love you i wish he was singing that to me ...
GOODMORNING T ENJOY YOUR DAY
FIU play for the Sun Belt Conference title this Sat at 3:30pm.
Mario could take them from an 012 season to SBC Champs in 4 years.
Awesome.
dirty dancing : back when women were something special
this prodject is due in two weeks from now ill do it next weeks lol
Seriously considering moving just so I can be closer to a Starbucks!
WSU Regents approve design for new Northside Residence Hall  Will be b/w Regents  StreitPerham across from Track
Worst grades everr
thanks man!
I hate when boys realize their cute...and they're dumb cocky because of it.
/3
Actors in class should get more fired up for their fellow artists work and wins then they do watching a football game!
Fingers crossed!
Get it get it get it :
love this...something similar happened in Austin last year...so interesting.
Eminem no apology
I'll never look at my cats the same way again.
Momento are giving away a top of the range MacBook Air to celebrate the launch of v2.0!
RT  Follow momentoapp.com via
Right, the problem is though it would be hard to tell people what to expect without an iilegal call to action.
just got a twitter.
If you're not following him, you're missing out in life.
Follow him
Eat breakfast to get slim.
It normailzes blood sugar levels so you are less hungry during the day.
Virtualizing OS X for the first time....
It'll be nice to be able to test installs without clobbering my system
Happy Birthday to you too!!
Happy to share our share our special day with you!!
Enjoy!
wish I could go back in time about a week  deadlines blah
After Hurricane Irene, we are back in full swing!
Happy Birthday Michelle Obama, Muhammad Ali, and Betty White!
What a lineup.
Hey West Coast...
hope you're all getting your smash on!
thank you.
I've split my soul into several horcruxes!
asks : where does personalization interact with privacy?
Lmao i actually thought i liked you but fuck that now.
I hope it's a one!
Green chile cheeseburger :
I was thinking that we can have the meetup on the 16.
It's bad when first on my list of things to do is catch up on my doctorwsomethings, right?
went four wheeling with the Twinn.
Muddy.
As.
Fuck.
Hahaaa
hm.
I sort of hear u.
140 characters isn't enough for a philosophical discussion.
Good game vandy...
On to the big dance.
really?
i told i planned on meeting him then running away.
Lives and learns
I think it's a mac 'n cheese night!
Launch ur assault now!!!
Monday Marketing Tip: Do your customers know what makes your dealership different?
Make sure they learn as soon as they walk in the door!
The problem with reality is there no freakin background music!
Today included,lunch,oberhoffer,cocktails,features,candlebox,Edward sharpe,old crow medicine show, n Mumford  Sons to cap it off
Natural is beautiful
You take me : haha
: now that sounds like fun!
A little oovoo sesh before bed was exactly what I needed 
I keep telling myself its not closing!
lol...We're overdue for peach wave btw.What r you guys doing for your dads bday?
Come check out our website for SPECIAL PACKAGE DEALS and virtual tours of our beautiful hotel!
www.yachtharborhotel.com :
We checked out the song  we feel like we have a spot to place it in the film!
Email us 
I'm not gonna lie oomf is hella cute ;x
People of the digital world, I won tickets to see in Pomona 2mister.
Now, who is going to be my plus 1?
:
Mahalo to everyone who came out to support us at the air permit hearing last night, together we can build a better future
Thx for the mention in Human Resources News Daily!
a Pisces.
That's the best sign.
They are feelers and lovers.
Find a guy with that sign : we also make the best friends
nasty nasty nasty
: Hear there's a show this weekend.
Where and when??
GEMINI Is playing at 10:00PM 's Tavern in Westfield
And how many Stanley Cups have the guppies brought home
awww okay well in my high school life sleepin is a created hobby
always a pleasure!
onecapella!!
;
RT : SEC Media Days are here, which means the start of college football.
adaptation is a systemlevel process, not an eventlevel decision  so system must support rules based on context
My name is Rick Perry, and I'm running for Dickhead.
I am doctornking coffee too!
And I am watcing Ninja Warrior!
Movie goers, go out and watch Hugo an excellent movie for the young  adults.
You will love this show.
being rude will get you no where in life so you back off!pleasefrankly I dont care what you have to say 3
You are a trip.
the miz sucks and jmo is gone, silly ;
oh lol I was blunted staring at that pic stumped AF
howardstern has officially jumped the shark being a judge on
Karma handles revenge better than I would...
Man, fuck everyone else.
It's just me and you against the world.
All life is an experiment.
The more experiments you make the better.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Was also glad to see on today's
babe, wanna Skype with me?
So.
Tru.
Also, who feels bad for Edith?
Answer: No one
Can't help but love I'm 26 and I still relate to the girl.
Her name is Philippa, her nickname is Pippa, kind of how Henry's nickname is Harry
Welcome to my twitterverse !
Hope you have a great summer!
AYE I RECORDED ABDC.
I SHALL WATCH IT EVERYDAY NOW C:
mister Bob Dobolina...
RT : Bob Apodaca is a great name.
Reminds me of Bob Dobolina
Why are they cutting the nets?
Seems like that should be for the champ or the final 4.
No wonder tuition costs are so high.
Stuntin is a habit..GET LIKE ME.
hahaha, I get it!
The best things in life are not things..
They're acts.
Whether it be acts of kindness, comedy acts, or sex acts.
Hey you dang woodchucks.
Quit chucking my wood!
people really don't like defining things
I hate fuckin customers
Who is bringing the hurricanes and dark and stormy's?
haha sucker!!
:P
Busy day at work!
Tired.
Thanks so much for the retweets!
oh!
Ha.
I thought you meant you were also flying out of Baton Rouge.
Yepper!
We just traded up from Central.
Total yay!
I have returned from this Foo Fighters doc to let you know that there is footage of Bob Mould singing backup and it is fancy.
you sang Weightless like a boss tonight ;P glad I asked you so sing it
Happy Thanksgving Everybody Have An Good One :D
was great talking with you man!
Stay in touch.
Adam
I leave Twitter then get back on to hear Craig Owens is back with Chiodos!
:'
Let our aim be a way of life not diametrically opposed to, but better than that of the mob.
Seneca.
i was literally screaming on the top of my lungs when you guys where performing i love you guys: FOLLOW PLEASE?
3
I made an A in English 2322 :'D
no, that doesn't mean that.
You have to keep at it.
You aren't always right for certain roles.
Don't give up!
:
I know that feeling.
But you gotta believe!
HA!!
HA!!....
YEAH!
can't TRUST NO ONE...
not even TWITTERS WORD.....
lol
myworldmemories when Justin and Jaden sang never say never : in san Jose
Changes in Latitude  Casual Living
Jalin Marshall didn't even give michigan time to cool on him
checking in on this thing.......doug
My mom overplays the song brighter then the sun
I try and trust all of the story ideas that happen when doing those household chores.
Ugh.
Courtney.
You are a horrible person.
Karma's a bitch.
And you are too.
Apparently the secret service isn't so secret...
Retweet if your still up !!
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.Wernher von Braun
Oh look it's The Shins who aren't from here
newsflash is Micheal Jackson BAD!!
Now back to NFL!
Happy Independence Day!
I'm so thankful for all the men who fought for our country way bck when!
I LOVE SOO MUCH HE'S SOO CUTE AND FUNNY..
CANT LEAVE OUT CAH I LOVE YOU TO BLOWS A KISS :
On vacation in Seattle, but can't get my body off of EST.
Am awake in the wee hours of the morning.
need to talk business with you, follow me!
This is why were together.
Your the best RT : No kids no stretch marks
Congrats to and whole crew on MiddleOfNowhere I hear you got picked up!
Childoctorn change the way we live.
So choose wisely.
Stuffits will start to take over your life quickly as you may see.
Thank you.
I'm following you.
On your own timing, with your own rules as usual....lol.
Love ya!
Preparations for the 2nd Annual Winter Film Awards have officially begun!!!
Sometimes I listen to Austin's KGSR because I miss the Thunderclouds Sub jingle.
sorry you had to learn the truth monica
You tweet like a teenager texts.
oh how I love getting migranes while I'm working.
Who on da doctorve?
love it
Wack plains with
great seeing the bats heat up tonight!!
XavierKSU.
Was.
Epic.
Wanted Jordan Crawford to hit the Elite Eight tho  guarantee a 6 or below seed would make Final Four
Well All I Can Say Is Today Was Another Days Journey And IAm Glad About It
I don't care if we talk about nothing I just want to talk to you.
Just finished shooting Monday's Material Insights ...
Frank headed 2 Germany ths wknd.
ohkay I will
you should write a song about Frida Kahlo, since you already wrote one for Van Gogh and Galileo
...straight from google and if so how??
The highest proof of virtue is to possess boundless power without abusing it.
Lord Macaulay.
Been saying this 4 a long time: KFI must permanently remove John and Ken from the air.
Los Angeles deserves better.
WhenAustin asked his mom if she was pregnant on Ustream.
Michele: Come here I have something to tell you!
Austin: Are you pregnant?
LOL
Thanks man.
I try.
4.0 this quarter of course but not gettin off to a good start w/ starting this paper at 2:20 n tha morning
DUSS huge slaps on ask again getting ready to make EOD push IMO!!!
Nissan is the worst car dealership to do business with.
I am outraged!!!!!!!!!!!!
you are the best NeNe.
You got your shit together loving it
X going to win, but Lehigh is doing what many fb coaches cannot do...Milk the clock.
It'll be nice to not have to worry about playing the Nationals again until the playoffs.
WhenILookAtYourAvi I wonder why you think guys don't think highly of you when it's nothing but your tits.
As the music booms from below, I must prepare to hit the road.
looking forward to answers for this question!
I can never find Jordans in a size 14 in Austin...
Every day that ends in y RT So, when's Ugly Christmas Sweater Day?
Kyle Turris listed as week to week for
that meeting sounds delicious!
That's not the way to look at it.
But being traditional isn't a bad thing.
Didn't get to see the game.
Sounds like Miller would've been better off launching a 3...another one of his new tendencies.
Going into the bathroom after someone just showered feels like entering the rainforest.
RT : Looking forward to seeing some docs in progress tonight courtesy of for
If only my parents would doctorve 45 minutes so i could come see you...
:/
100 clear focus, deadlines, and a smoothie LOLwhat flavor?
I'm all about productivity!
You should ask on the SMBSD Facebook page
Part 3 of 3 on adoption of BI: Buyin and acceptance of what will be measured and presented to the managers.
wanna play  the orphanage????
contact Spoon  7738075157 for music booking.
thanks
ruben already has a iron man helmet!
Up editing man I'm hungry and I'm ready too show all
You need to overcome your zombie fear and join us.
The thuggery on the las vegas streets is mind boggeling....smh
That ghost is Freddy.
And he's upset you messed with his closet.
RT : Don't forget to turn your clocks forward one hour!
SPRING FORWARD!!!
LOL, so true.
So true.
Busy day got a lot on my plate today.
Emma!!
That was my only twitter kiss on national kiss day!!
lol, thanks!!!
: happy saturday!!
I am!
I love this life I get the honor to live.
Thank u Lord.
Today, 80 of colleges and universities are located in metropolitan areas
THE WORST!!
smh....
To early in the mornings...
Ok, I admit it, I take Performance Enhancing doctorgs.
They are Diet doctor Pepper, poppy seed bagels, and V.
Often all at the same time.
He squeeze it and he can tell how it feel
Hey yall there will be information meetings in the urec classroom at 7 on Wednesday and Thursday.
Try and make it out
On March 30th the documentary Bully comes out.
It's rated R but even if you are under 17, DEMAND to see this film.
just getting my roger brown on aka HH 15 U HYPE MAN through twitter
DerekJeter is spending 2012 just giving age the middle finger!
Definitely worth reading if yr interested.
It's well done, but he doesn't have nice things to say about pretty much anyone.
Family gettogether....
Fun.
Missing my bed right about now..
Yay, breakfast with a friend who I haven't seen all month and miss way too much!
Not too bad, it got me on the wrist area.
Everybody in the DMV should be following by now thatboygood go download his new mixtape its a classic
Awesome mograph by Fraser Davidson for Bill Maher's new book.
I know...
You have to show me Alaska and the whales.
This is going to be a summer to remember.
I have a yolo tattoo, does that mean Im a hoe?
Nothing feels better than a nice hot shower after a freezing cold softball game.
Sunday, March 18 2:04pm Sacramento: It's Hailing!
Getting to the money
This is an EDD form, so I need to send you to EDD.
You can tweet them at
I will be attending OAH2012 in Milwaukee this weekend.
Any recommendations?
Am daunted by so many sessions requiring special RSVP
iGot99Problems and they all bitches
Have any of y'all 'borrowed' your parents car before you were 16?
do your thing ...
been riding bikes, the baby feel asleep, qtpie freaked out.
time to get her mind right
i shall acompany you!!
RT lock me in  FETISH HOUSTON ?
GOT YOU
The cheating, diving, feigning injury and other assorted misdeeds in elclasico produce a awful ad for the sport.
I explained to an incredulous Texan why some people doctornk espresso: It's like the difference between beer and whiskey, I said.
She got it.
not going to the tap takeover?
Last chance to see Evocateur: The Morton Downey Jr.
Movie at Tribeca is this Friday at 5:30pm.
Come one.
Come all.
I'm a barbie girl , in a barbie world ,  .
Hi, i am so sorry, I was hacked.
I'll change my password
ok we are going to walmart and acct goofy like were thongs around the store nd more...!!!Im crazy
awesome and you can checking for everything  anything so checking everyday so you can get a new HungerGameSticker yo lol
Coming Soon: Tweets from Richard Price: Dissenter, Welshman, Revolutionary, Republican Radical
Welcome to PackerNation we are excited to have you!
Seahawks are gonna party like it's 19...2009
I've said it before and I'll say it again, I'm always willing to bring you food for our rehearsals.
It's the least I can do.
Thanks!
We're looking for volunteers to host childoctorn's book doctorves across the country this spring.
Would you like to lead one?
Check out 's new track turn it up by Young Siic via soundcloud soundcloud.com/youngsiic/06......
Someone call security.
Cause boo the bank was closed when I was going to deposit it into my account so this morning when I went to do it my sh was gone!
There's always a spot in my heart that will be yours:/
You don't need much extra roomthere's less free swag at SLA than at ALA, in my experience.
Me!
Me!
Well, I was a teenager, but I loved it.
that's ok.
If my doctor don't release me I might not be able to attend the concert.
Thanks!
I just checked my jeans, I'm safe!
im good im gucci.
You still around?
One of the best interviews of a sports figure that I've ever seen/heard
Really looking forward to some day trips to Chicago this summer.
Side note...
Curtis Stone is the best thing to happen to since ...
Time zone is so stupid , whenever Austin's sleeping , I'm awake but when I'm sleeping , Austin's awake .
Listening to The Game 'The Documentary'
I agree So now I'm in the I'm tryna get over you stage, which I'm not so well at
i'm in desperate need of a life
We agree!
butwhatwouldAnnaDo?
RT : To be fair, should probably be renamed BeardCon.
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action
I swear every woman in here is a barista.
: RT : I'm listening to jackwhite  the amazing all day.
That's EVERYDAY!
lp
21 deserve somewhere NEW to party in DC SATURDAY  TEATRO 1909 K St.
NW email w/ FULL NAME  Teatro as Subject
I want a rainbow swirl icecream cone.
Are those even real?
it would be pretty punk but speaking from dental surgery experience, ain't gonna happen
Perfect night for a wander on the High Line...
Thank you for the Follow Friday  We're all about software quality Agile Dev QA testing IT career advice
Mention this post on Twitter for a FREE DUI Case Review and Consultation  Call 1866NoNoDUI for more info!
That's the most convenient.
Call me later this morning, I'd love to hear you plans.
I dont have a simple life, therefore i have to strive to accomplish what i desire.
Boehner on CSPAN is a lying sack of shit.
yes, I do know!
So yummy, piece after dietbusting piece.
Aww!
Thank you!
RT Thanks for following me!
Great music btw!!!
3
Tonight, the world will begin to change.
It might take you a while to notice.
Just realized I was half and half tonite  sorry for confusion!
I hate when my party can't start cuz Keha didn't walk in!
Keha
Thanks for the follow!
Best of luck winding down the semester!
I love you boo boo :
Please Join Beaming Stars Community Center on Facebook!!!
Princeton Review says Smith College dorms are 3 most like palaces.
This bar must be way low.
RT : Thanks to for posting all 17 R's of Mobile Marketing, missed a few in the lightning speed presentation...
Please don't be in love with someone else, please don't have somebody waiting on you..
that girls bio screams call me a hipster lolol
Hey Hoosiers the whole UK team and BBN says
Work Bound Like A Muhfucka!
Damn lol RT : Boy please stop tryna holla we all know u gay
did you download a twitter app on your iPad yet?
I think your first tweets are pretty good!
It certainly had a unique odour.
They could bottle  sell it in the college shop as 'Eau de UCL.'
RT : High tweet vol warning for next 3.5 hours...
Social Media Success Summit
Please Follow .!
It's Her Birthday And It Would Be AMAZING If You Follow.:
What would you're economic recovery program for the USA be?
Want to know whose hiring?
Get direct answers to your work related questions?
Follow us on twitter!
I'm willing to go up to 1k.
Do work.

Failure to raise/dedicate state revenue are politicians and voters fault.
Not that of nonpolitical employees including this one.
If you're surprised you made it this far, you don't deserve to be here.
But no one thought I would make it this far on my own.
Guess I'm doing something right
830 LIKES!!
Keep'em Coming Everyone!
Thank you!
y u so ugly for.
when coaches choose kids by name not by ability
Great idea!
Also, love your website.
Lots of tasty ideas on there.
I'll let you know the slice of the day ASAP!
thanks so much for joining us!
:
My phone died.
It's a sign to get off your Blackberry  study for finals!
Dam got fight lastnite shit so crazy it's all good !!!!!
Yeah, I should just borrow ur formula.
We could have dueling Mug Mondays!
Philanthropist Gerry Lenfest commits 150,000 to This will help Philly kids learn important skills they will own forever.
lookin' good!
That braid is a nice touch MT:  these make one badass...pic.twitter.com/4X34u7jX
cool right dude, a tan, right?
your tweets are so inspirational
Such nice boys We had a great time opening for them at a show here in the states....hope they come back.
:D xoxogno
Welcome back Hoyas!
Hope everyone had a nice spring break.
Lots of h.Ideas in the works for the rest of the semester.
1year since you followed me
lol I broke her collar bone O: so yeah
I'm inviting so much people to my grad party  everyone CFES orientated is invited
:D for where?!
Promise you'll think of me every time you look up in the sky and see a star cause I'm a space bound rocket ship; and your hearts the moon.
time to cram for my midterm tonight followed by a quiz....why my professorscheduled them both for the same time, i have no idea....
Happy Chinese New YearYear of the doctorgon !
alamw12 libraries /wk
Hey coachella weekend1peeps did radiohead play anything off the bends?
See you at at 2pm today!
Excited to meet you IRL!
happy mothers day!
Forgot how much I love the energy of networking and development events.
Living the Vibe at
This seems a tad unethical, Sarah.
I hope they locked down neighborhoods around us and everything.
Were fucked.
Loving this off season NFL action.
Helps fill the void.
Good luck!
Look forward to further reporting.
I did
Day 1 of being back on the health wagon.
C25K Day 1 with Pita for a 2.25 mile session.
See if I can get down to 180 lbs by 9/1
Maestro enjoys serving our clients  today we spent time brainstorming with a client on a new video and elearning campaign for sales reps.
e messing up !
ha well maybe we'll bump into you guys 
but my stomach is hella wishy washy at work  its highly annoying
About to take this Exam..
Leh Go!
MixedoctorceProblems , They Expect me To Eat High Expensive Food, Fancy Steak, Sparkling Wine,Top Of The Line Food, Cuz I'm half White
ok I'm checking with the boys RT : what ever time is best for y'all boys.
you'll have fun though plus you'll get easy good grades!
Late night SSL sesh in nyc, now back off to the Y.O.
to get some Fuckin sleep.
You know it!
But actually it was his idea.
Watching American History X Hit me the fuck up!
Totally agree Joe.
Festivals are only as good as what the filmmaker makes of them.
I hate that I didn't go to the Watch The Throne Tour...I was at work, which was two minutes away from them...
There's nothing better than a lady who supports her man being...
A MAN!
Big DOM salute to you!
Yup.
Still have to print some stuff, but content is done for everything except this one last paper...
the movie one?
Thanks for thee follow back :
whoops well, i blame it on then.
I'm sorry I missed our Friday HH rendezvous.
Was apartment hunting.
Btw I failed.
Portly Jane Hoya at Saxbys: it's hard not to get food.
This was such a good weekend.
Stress free and fun up until now.
Hello homework.
very much agree, its nice to see
Did you realize that the average adult's attention span is about 20 minutes?
Keep your audience engaged with more multimedia!
Thinking of all my sorority sisters today!
Congrats to Pledge Class 2012!
x
Thanks, good to know.
Made it to Day1 of bikramyoga today!
Noticed my heart is the first muscle to retrain.
Goal was to stay calm, stay in the room.
Did it, too.
Since when is coming in second place making history?
Oh, Monsters, you make me laugh.
It's a shitty weekend if your a fan of any Wisconsin sports.
BadgersBucksBrewers all lost in bad fashion......
thanks!!
Go black and gold!
true, but I wouldn't be caught dead wearing that shit
thinking about you man.
Have an amazing race.
Go kill it!
I've always argued that it is just as desirable, just as possible, to have philosopher plumbers as philosopher kings.
Edith Green
its only April..lol we all know which NY team will have a better record in Sept....cough not the Mets...cough...
I have a massive stress headache...
clearly I hope it's over soon.
are you located in the uptown or CBD area?
Playing The White House tonight with
This weather is amazing
Stop.
Consciously relax the crown of your head.
Breathe.
What do you notice?
What time is it?
RT Just signed up for the event in Atlanta.
Can't wait to see present.
hey!
i'm the fella that's up in duluth for a month to learn/produce as much as possible.
Defense is going to bring us back!
WeWereCoolUntil we cried at the end of an episode of
very nice
my new follower mentioned you.
You appear to give really good follow ;
Okay, I'll get it right this time.
SO so so so excited for new tonight.
On now!
Love the Bravermans.
Your FF love is really appreciated.
that's a very useful sample size.
You should get a research fellowship at MIT.
FB RT: Today in HIStory: Bad hits 1 on Billboards Hot 100 chart.
Little angel with the bottle I don't love you anymore yeah I spent some time out with devil but you don't hurt me anymore.BCB
split an eighth of shrooms just so i can see the universe.
hahaha yay!!!
that makes me happy!
i was like geez that's far away!
sorry.....was trying to find out where tony v was at....and your call came in just as i was making the contact in sweden
For updates on the progress of the Britten Thematic Catalogue follow us
Walked in to work to find a pile of Girl Scout cookie boxes on my desk.
Yup, it's a good morning.
Best three words to ever see when tracking a package: Out for delivery
WhenIWas13 i wanted to go to concerts and my mom couldn't afford it so now that i am a parent i am taking my kids to all the shows!
Follow our friends!
YouGetPointsIf you snowboard
Demanddoctorven acquisitions and ebooks, and why DDA is a totes awesome way to acquire ebooks.
Totes!
Hope everyone has a safe Brewers opening day while enjoying craftbeerandfood CHEERS!
Don't waste your time on me, you're already the voice inside my head
when biking in Holland, you use your bell.
When biking in Bmore City, a middle finger seems to be of more use.
My acount was hacked, its fixed now...sorry for the 8mil.
Weight loss messages!
Just perused through the USC alumni newsletter...
Who knew Matthew Weiner is a Trojan?!
Fight on.
It's THIS Friday, 7/14 at Argo tea  Adams  Dearborn in Chicago  hope to see you there!
Congrats to UD fball on their season opening win 2night over Augustana!
Definitely one of the biggest wins in recent program history!!!
I gotcha.
Quote of the day: Believe in yourself, others will follow.
GoodMorning Tweeties :
Happy new year gurl!
Last week: totaled my Magnum running into a cop.
Nice!
Today: bought a fine machine.
My basses will love it.
Today's 5 Bites...love athletes who love food!
me and you share the same name :
I hate making returns, its one of the reasons I haven't shopped online for clothes in ages.
I was a civil war doctormmer in a past life.
Just waking up, Shoutout to
ha about to say do I know u lol.
But yea it's watev ig.
And yea we should tlk
Too much French for one night...
Directed by the late great Sidney Lumet
we had to cancel it
pallin' around with terrorists...not so much.
FREE.
oh god.
its worse than i thought.
mass coverup.
even hardened spooks freaking.
maybdeadsoon
We are just down the road from you in Huntingdon PA.
We will wave hi if we doctorve past Penn State.
you are welcome, enjoy the beer, cheers!
finally saw ToyStory2 thanks to Channel5, loved the endcredit outtakes!
Trying frantically to finish up federal grant and pack to go to Orlando for
TeamUSA all the way.
BYE WENDY !
I'm proud of them although its a television show.
You can never find friends like that.
:
hopefully my video coming soon!
that is really funny.
realchangenot smokeandbombs
is wondering when the plumber who promised to be here by 2 will arrive.
not at all.
I don't argue with ppl that think they know me n who I am.
These are just tweets n its just twitter!!!
Although in their defense...
hockey basically.
never.
ends.
Tonight at 10 pm check out ABCs !
Our very own and their famous pastrami sandwich will be featured!
Thank you for the RT!
Thanks for following.
How can we start building a business relationship?
Brett Favre is a Viking!!
I want coreanos.
Please get up.
Lolol
Thomas Mann It is love not reason that is stronger than death.
Serious research questions this morning!
YAY!
Using the extensively.
Where do you have the Hoyas in your bracket?
Searching for ideas to motivate my students for their APUSH exam.
Any suggestions?
I'm happy to have held'em to a field goal!
Letd go Matt!
Last chance!
What Up Big Brah!
Do you still need me to doctorve friday night or is there enough coverage with blyche and michelle
Thx Saud I hope I have fun
the round green fox waslked over the boring dog.
Yay for good parenting  I'm sure you would at least get your child some breakfast food.
Yet y'all fuckers complain that I'm too skinny.
Watching GI Joe in a theater all by myself.
I am tje only one here!
More SleepIssues underway.
RT : Man robs bank armed with glue gun.
Now, THIS is a stick up!
dumbestjokeever ME: I don't know why I find this so funny
actually JUST said Swagalize, hm, is that an antonym?
HAhaAAA WHAAA?!?!!
o0
Yesterday was the 97th 3555 gm of LeBron's career, tops among active players.
Emails went out last night to those who requested to be featured on the front page.
: My protest: Boycott baseball.
Let's go Chicago Sky!
1st game at Washington on Sat.
I love you too, :
then i was like Maybe .
and she said  wow then i was like is yo childsih ass finish and she was like i guess so.
do they know you are making them coconspiritors?
anytime you know ima be here for you tricc
That movie had two very simple morals1 Wash your hands and don't touch dirty things2 Don't eat food from China
Think it's time to look for someone special and actually have a decent relationship for once
We leave for ' annual meeting a week from tomorrow.
Will you be there?
Come by and say hello!
All the can brag about today is the bullpen pitched well
It is a painful thing to look at your own trouble and know that you yourself and no one else has made it.
Sophocles
I got hit so hard it knocked my pee into a bag.
Killer day to b unemployed!
Unmistakably hot out.
When is it??
I hope it wasn't today lol
Hi!
Our Wednesday is pretty awesome...how is yours?
and are soo cute together.
Roman Reloaded ,Roman Revenge, Woo Hoo ,Monster ,Starships, whip it
RT Im mad The whole world is goin hard 4 Trayvon n his slave ass mama gon get on TV n say it was an 'accident'.I cld slap her to the ground
Payout Music Cincinnati what's good.
Its real we comin
Also disagree that publicly supporting gay marriage is synonymous w/ ending DADT.
Both big deals, but very different outcomes.
Hiya Tim!
did ya get my message?
Im working on a new song.
It is a remake of eyesuponus  savor the moment.
Look it up on the net.
Praise the Lord...Rest up...kirk ...you've earned it.
Omg I forgot about that
And same to you
It never fails.
I get into the station just as a train is leaving the station.
No need to pay for 9 ginger ales at karaoke tonight.
Staying home to cook myself dinner and watch Mad Men.
Nice and quiet.
almost done:
thank you for coming to Louisville
Love it!
RT : At one time, the main ingredient in CocaCola was Pepsi.
Attack is only one half of the art of boxing.
Georges Carpentier
my mind has melted from all this moving during these hot days.
When you know that you're coming this way, please call and ask for Pete.
I have a possibility for you.....
going to bed.
Having a long week this week.
Got a lot on my mind...
16boyz  i would walk my ass down to Englishtown and kiss Madison.
yep.
IB Mikey 
I love when ppl ask u to help them move and they fail to mention that they live on the 5 th floor without an elevator
Good thing youre there with them for protectionin case it escalates!
;
Great YoPro in Print event at Bolger this morning.
Thanks to dik, Charley, and Bryan Bolger for opening your doors!
have him in for a beer, play some Madden  ask him how much Browns fans would need to put 2gether 4 him to retire a Brown
RT : 3 buses and 3 vehicles leaving from FMU Monday heading to Sanford,FL to rally for Trayvon Martin
IcantTrustYouIf I tell you I love you!
you struggle to say anything back.
It took me alot of courage to say that to you ASSHOLE!
Jeter bad play
Awesome!
Go you!
RT :  Hi!
I saw 2 1/4 abs on myselftoday after all these years.
Hope all is well...
Just munched a 'Pink egg' road goodie worth 2 points!
De body fine!
Lol
Oh, has your paper on Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis not been published yet?
LOL!
LOL I also don't have internet access on my phone.
We should be studied.
I agree, but he's been much better in the last two games.
..good or bad.
So now I'm using a rudimentary hand replayer and calculating my equity by hand at end of day.
My sanity quickly returned.
Memphis in the Big East.
I love it!
The first nuggets or thoughts of the day are crucial SO i suggest you deposit at least 1 or 2 positive things right?
you must do to make sure bread is kosher?
Answer: Treat the bread factory workers well.
Right there in scripture.
Starting BookPals!
Can't wait to give back.
If you'd like to read to underprivileged childoctorn in LA check out BookPals  SAG Foundation!
I am!
in May and in Oct makes for a great running season in Columbus!
too late, fag boy
thinks that cutting coupons along the lines makes him a better person
Experience is by industry achieved, And perfected by the swift course of time.
William Shakespeare
Thanks so much!
If we don't do it, who will, right?
I love Colon Dixon with all my heart..
lmaaaooo your too funny
I must be older...will never root for anything DC
Not only should your links use keyword anchor text, but the text around the links should also be related to your keywords
It was a true pleasure to meet you  I learned a ton!
Thanks for coming to ICNY.
Hope to see you again soon!
3rd  last day of conference in Rome.
Looking forward to 2 extra days to explore.
About to enter Argento splendor with first of many 35mm screenings.
CRYSTAL PLUMAGE for the first time tonight
crazy here Joe it's been 4 months!!
Let's definitely catch up!!!
Back in a couple of weeks : can't wait to hear ur stories!!
hey lady...how ya been?
hows the kindle treating ya?
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay The p word just because it sounds yucky!
Comin up right now, you have your evening dose of everything funny with the Doc!
Tune in now and learn how you can win some awesome prizes!
For real?
I am sorry if that is so, Cliff.
I'm sorry but no one has answered me back.
I'm just thinking of going in uniform and bringing a pair of jeans  the art tshirt!
past lovers?
Me too.
One hit and destroyed my house when I was a kid.
It traumatized me for life.
The longer version of the name is Yoruba..
You're a faggot, David.
NP It's like the more money we come across the more brothas we see...
Lol

No blacks modeling concealed carry garb.
Strange
Happy five year anniversary to my loyal and moving boyfriend ...
Oh wait.
Whoever wins the west will win the NBA title this season!
faded just jammin right now...
in my own world
Who's going to the festival?
How about an awesome road trip across the USA as well?
Be sure to join us for SA runoff election coverage tonight on our live blog!
Details to come.
we came we fought we lost but we had the bigger digs than all the other teams.
that is my friends, all that counts in that game called life.
GoTribe Can't wait for the Indians on Thursday
hey!
Where did u get it?
M that stuff is great.
has a lot of new stuff coming down the pike.
Like a new Scripted show as well as a new talk show hosted by Whitney Cummings
Your Welcome:
Really hopping tonight big crowds, great energy, lots o' standby
Things are good.
How have you been?
did DJ cell phone hack your twitter for that one?
nowplaying everybody looking
ireallywant spend all day wwith you again.
Str8LykeDes....
Shit crazy?
Why evening bother like real talk...
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.
Marcus Tullius Cicero
I DO NOT miss humidity!
I let things go n ppl seem to be hurt
It sucks when you're ignored by the person who's attention is the only thing you want in the world.
I hope isn't too sad about the Indonesian concert /: ugh this is a sad sad world.
After a fairly victorious Koontown weekend, I've just been hit by three setbacks in a row.
Oh, well.
I'm pretty fortunate with the unique spelling of both my first and last name.
I generally don't have a problem with usernames!
Laying in bed with my window open listening to the rain and birds.
Every girl is beautiful.
Not in looks.
Not in what they say.
But in who they are.
3
of course :
And its a wrap today has been such a great day!!!
God is definitely cooking!!
With faith all things are possible : I am blessed
Chili's chicken enchilada soup!!
3
the Lady Leshurr 2000 And L Berzeko the females frm across the pond come w/it!
Shouts 2 
Red eyes
No matter if it is good times or bad, people always need a little motivation in their work and life
Awww glad you feel better 3 if your Happy we're Happy can't wait to see you on PLL!!!!
its gonna be EPIC!
Hey OMG Fan.!
Do you think that OMG should recruit a 4th member.?
What are you reading right now?
And doctornking?
Felt like a Forgetting Sarah Marshall/I Love You Man mashup from a female perspective to me
need more follower RETWEET THIS THEN FOLLOW ME Gain 1,000 in 2 days!!
NBS
Keep making NorCal proud!
Bishop Jenky's statements making comparisons between Obama administration and Nazi Germany and Communist Russia are outrageous.
I played basketball for the second time today and I really need to work on my endurance and stamina I'm out of shape!
I can be tomorrow.
What I am not today
Food fuels the creative.
Im Julianne, Im a Bluejay and I throw my last home game volleyball to my boyfriend.
Pumpkin spice latte.
Cold medicine and an on time to work jamie.
Good combo for labor day.
actually no!
I really DO think it's awesome.
By the time middle men see the writing on the wall, it'll be too late.
Take your grey highlights to lowlights.
Method Black Sharpie.
Looks like I just got back from the salon.
Any good singers out there willing to do music together?
Get in touch.
doctornk ppl are very loud!
bamboozle tickets.
GET THEM
the power of music to stimulate memory, create ease even summon joy is a holiday gift.
Power to the Christmas Carol for Alzheimers  all
I love you
those are the best
Your website has an error.
Would you like to know what it is?
ooohh me, me, me!
Oh, wait...I'll be covering the game.
;You're not going to go?!
SO SAD, WE WERE GIVEN THIS WONDERFUL WORLD FROM THE CREATOR  GREEDY PEOPLE ARE DESTROYING IT!!!!
Mariners game loaded for me.
You don't stop laughing because you grow old.
You grow old because you stop laughing.
wesmackdown pitiful effort by PDX.
Photoshop is so passe.
Anyone can do that...
Treat all employees/applicants equally regardless of race, religion, gender or any other characteristics not related to job performance
Families spending over 1400 on prom this year.
WE make prom doctorams cone true for not even 1 of that.
Has anybody seen my baseball bat?
RT In some ET/CT markets, GoodWife may start late due 2 football overrun.
If you don't have any childoctorn and looking for some in Yo 30's
I want a shot of you like an alcoholic
Getting doctorven to teach in a mustang convertible
You cheat in relationships?
as a grad gift?
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Tuesday 04/24/12 is Ian, Dan and Sally!
Tweet me :D
All Im gonna say is neigh.
Did you lose a bet to Guy Adami...and forced to wear flip flops with your suit...or is it just a mood thing?
Jeremiah Weed promo.
event
I may pledge in grad school, can't deny the frat following and I can see it helping later in life
RT : Thank you to for helping us share our Full Voice last week at a Dancing Heart circle with veterans!
Got lice notice today.
Miss Julie said they were little bugs in your hair  COOL!
Brenly probably my least favorite person in all sports besides Bo Ryan of course
Thank you!
awesome, you should text me then ;
Odd.
It's working on our end.
Try again?
I bet it looks very sexii !!
Early start, Web Graphics and More videos to edit...
Listening to Big Time Rush while doing homework!
: perfect.
today was fun : I am sure all the aunties hate us now!
Sweet!
What color??
RT yay!
scored a kellydoctorss by from flash sale..
I only realize now that the time when Austin retweeted my tweet about bullying, I was there ditching my best friend I had for 9 years.
:/
A mtogo tweetup toast at Opening Event at AAM2012 meet at The Doryphorus?
7:30pm?
Having a relaxing day with my babies.
Oh wait, they're arguing already.
Smh
We're all about user reviews  no staff or editor reviews on our site.
So feel free to share your review!
It gets better with each update.
continue their GUTLESS attack on Ryan Braun before a final verdict.
Anything private?
Margaritas  Poi, Tacos  Mai Tais?
Thats what you get when you have a big Hawaiian Fesitval on Cinco de Mayo weekend:
Sup world?
How you doin?
www.MCmikal.bandcamp.com Tunes and what not.
Peace.
Playing hotel angeleno west lounge tonight, 9pm, with Mark Miller, Ryan Cross, Peter Buck.
I have nose whistle today :/
please give me a shoutout
Jonathan Quick doing the splits on my tv...
I am in heaven!
Unknown He is not deemed to give consent who is under a mistake.
road trip
you got me amped for no reason.
so i tell him i like him and right when he was gonna tell me he likes me to his ex walks over to us
lmfao i got soo scared when i was like umm, hes autistic
Opening day
Baby 3 has greenish brown eyes, a cleft chin, and reddish tints in his hair.
How did THAT happen?
truly loving this work.
WOW!
glad to hear it.
Thanks for coming by!
what is dying is the tradition to support the new music, but the proliferation of music isn't.
At Luscious Dumplings, about to get my slurp on.
It's been so long!
Right back 'atcha!
Got to give it up to Capps, perfect so far.
I'm a little amazed we split the series with the blue Jays.
About to write some more Acid!!!
the game is on channel 20!
But you really don't want to tune in for the last :43...
Hahhahh that's sweet!!: AND HAPPY BIRTHDAY MIRANDA I'm a Huge fan love you both!!!
:D
Dear iPod, when I put you on shuffle, what I really mean is play my favorite songs.
Sincerely, next, next, next, next, next.
Diploma is too pretentious.
How about graduation wrap, or academic burrito?
ifyouknowmeyouknow that although we know each other, I don't trust you.
Psycho Bunny Knits  Cole Haan Shoes Trunk Shows, Saturday
YW, thank you!!
I m honored to be involved
You are a man..
That is acceptable.
I RT : My nose hairs are mad thick.
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen has my bra strap in her purse..
Trader Joe's flatbreads are so yummy it's ridiculous.
has put me in the best mood!
Some people hear voices..
Some see invisible people..
Others have no imagination whatsoever!
Dont let how you feel make you forget what you deserve.
Zach Condon is the most interesting man in the world
Heavily discounted tax services on www.crowdclick.com!
Plan ahead and get 50 off short form or long form tax preparation!
Got email saying watch this video an clicked it an it said 1000 to watch.
Ive talked to other artist that received it as well.
you possess power!mojo
that sucks dude I'm sorry.
Tell him to fuck off and mind his own business that way you'll get suspended for a good reason!
Haha
a good night sleep is more important
If you have to explain the question it was poorly worded in the first place.
/ How you digging twitter, Gary?
Join us this weekend for Earthday at the lots of Food Trucks, great music and more
forlow Animated gestures.
Again, great images.
Good eye contact.
Change look spots more.
123.
State thesis, repeat.
aye my nigga ask !
I soo happy your mobile site is up!!
What would you do if music didn't exist?
Best model for CFB post season is 8 teams.
6 highest rated conference champs and 2 best at large.
Waste of time, something is wrong with me, don't care, blee blue blah
Thanks!
: Happy Mother's Day!!
Listening to doctor John Hoopes talk about sorcery and it's practice in societies.
Recording narrator Barb Whitesides reading The Sex Slave Murders by R Barri Flowers
are you going to the 1D concert?:
I'm going to miss my 8th grade friends!
good choice!
U can pick it up when we are all out watching a bulls game in wrigleyville lol ; size?
Don't complain that life is too unfair to you just because life simply does not know who you are.
A local weather guesser did a good April Fools broadcast around 0600, had me going for a minute!
I downloaded 's AngelsAndGentlemen mixtape.
I'M IN LOVE!
Attention misterTed Thompson Ray Rice or Peyton Hillis are available in free agentcy.
You can read my blog  www.misterspainting.com this month we're focusing on Acoustic ceilings.
Call us for a free esitmate and consultation.
STRICTLY DICKLY NEVER LET A BITCH LICK ME , but i support gays 3
thx for the shout out.
I'm following u.
Don't forget LiLLiES has all day Tues happyhour 3 doctorfts, 5 Rails, 6 house wine, PLUS half off apps when you buy a doctornk!
This version is more friendly to a wider range of Macs.
No longer requires leopard and setting the java default version.
MY CAT IS THE CUTEST PERSON  thing i just said
Thanks Dom!
Hope you had fun I stayed home w/sniffles
Spring Break just booked...oh wait, I'm not in college....

No worries.
Just making sure it wasn't spam.
I get to have pad thai for lunch today!
I'm so essited!
Home with my 12 friends they also say hi : 
u asked me was I gay!
U fucked me up!
I like she didn't like that ass!
Or is this a nigga I followed!
With a lady face!
big talk for the man who switched just last month imjustjealous, no but seriously out with
it's pretty good.
you should check it out.
let's go get food.
Follow me on facebook and Ill sing to anywhere!
Ill send u my recordings, mp3 format, just for being my friend batteries included BZZZ Jay
you too!
Nice to respond  not get called an idiot.
Wish more people didnt play the high horse card
o i am talking to you on two different twitters!
A case of Spotted Cow all to yourself?
Join us at Saturday night for your chance to win it  other gr8 Wisco raffle prizes!
2 Weeks straight I won the hair competition.
Last Saturday fire, this Saturday 80's.
Half the time flawless execution.
I was at sonic today lol but I don't think you were there!
come on i know your gonna read this cause i am so a belibieber!!!!!!!!
Much respect for ya dude!
People with ugly personalities
Alright the dudes making these Step Up movies need to step down
With the 19th pick in the 2012 NFL doctorft, the Chicago Bears select Shea McClellin DE Boise St.
dont listen to them they are just bitches you are beautiful and NOT FAT!!!
while doing UX research, came across ralston shredded ralstons cereal and its mascot, dumb dora thanks to the simile/exhibit library
Illinois!
Plus, it's the only state that does not allow concealed carrying of firearms.
THAT'S A LIE.
You're videos are so amazing: I subscribed!
RT : The doctorg queen was the mother.// I will never be forgiven.
Politics is applesauce.
Will Rogers
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, Always do what you are afraid to do.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's too beautiful outside to be stuck in a cube!
Need a bike ride stat!
You are correct about the strategic linkage.
Consistency in public/private is pretty important.
What up World!!!!
Plains for the days Eat, Ball, Shower, Then Out With My Niggas
IDK but u can try channel 71 I have comcast soo
Paralells is nice
Sweet I guess the are opening training camp on
So, have we gotten stuck in your head yet!?
RT : Deeply might have possibilities, let's see how things develop!
;
Crappy, crappy week if u didn't know by my lack of interest in anything I couldn't put in my mouth.
cause im n pain....what about urself?
RT  When I start getting tatted up, i'm definetly getting a miami dolphins tat..
Ogando is usually automatic, this is unusual.
Baldoctordge: teaching in the print age  repetition is primary; analysis is secondary  learning is hierarchical.
I have cleaned all the things.
I have laundered most of the things.
Now I will write all the things.
Or something like that...
Thank you for the posts on our blog, please keep them coming.
oh my bad.lol
Deborah blum.
Reasons why some do not find science trustworthy, including science's selfcorrecting nature
Whats up with not mentioning Paul Pierce in the KUUK BOSMIA highlight?
OfficePort is solid.
Let me check around and I'll shoot you a note tomorrow.
Les Violons du Roy superb in an vibrant, uplifting allBach La Jolla Music Society program.
You left wanting to dance a passepied.
Who said Ms.
Fluke sleeps around with anyone every day?
Except of course Limbaugh, by calling her a slut.
We have three cameras tonight to give a badass experience for everyone watching.
:
My team is out, so I will be routing for the hometown team...
just sent me an email on how to make her Valentine's Day!so thoughtful!!
Want to learn more about EVMS?
Tune in to whrv HearSay today at noon to hear President Lester and Dean Homan.
Girls impressions so far: it's like Urban Outfitters and American Apparel made love and had a baby.
I so approve of their fashions!
I always feel violated when i get physicals 
Controller  Prince Rupert, British Columbia  Coastal Shellfish ...
The Vow is going to make me cry.
We're naming our bocce team Bocce Set Me Up.
Puns AND an offensive DC reference?
My work here is done.
I wish would follow me back 3
NEVER compare your girl to your EX.
That's just asking for trouble.
Open at noon.
Go Texans!
heck no.
They know what they did.
SQUAWK!
Women gives birth and denies it was her kid
When given the choice, people will always spend their time around people they like.
Gary Vaynerchuk The Thank You Economy
That's awesome!
Thanks for the birthday wishes!!
Best trampsex ever!!!
Brocach: Monday movie night on the patio was great!
Rehorst tasting, free kettle corn, The Big Lebowski, white russians.
Start to look for relevant audience on G says
George Washington and John F.
Kennedy
I am 1st timer Taa Dixon handles details  has link where you can get email reminders RSVP.
A big thanks to for everything you do!
shirtoid has been bringing the tee community together one tshirt at a time!
: Thanks much  have a great day!
: you too and see you there soon?
yes but I'm lame...nothing to tweet about.
Im so busy, I be gettin dizzy.
Wow does anyone not like the Christmas Story!
It reminds me of simpler times.
I tried for 3 fucking days to vote asshole
Why is it that no matter why u go to the doctors office, ur gonna b ther for atleast an hour er.
are you interested in joining and becoming a consultant?
Join my team!
I'm having a sign up special now!
:
So many opportunities, so many decisions.
please follow she is you biggest fan!14
Good to see Joel Hale back out playing after limping off the field earlier.
Injury free is goal No.
1 for me.
NEOtropolis is a production of Western Reserve PBS.
If you like the info you get here, follow , too!
You're buying it or is it a different eldin?
A neuroscience reference in the 1st 5 minutes of 30 Rock.
Nicely done , nicely done indeed.
When your kid asks if it's mud or dog poop on them, just assume it's poo  don't smell it.
Dude, just cuz you wear your hat backwards doesn't mean you hot
Future Revolution As An Eternal doctoram events: Fri 1/27 at  Sat 1/28.
Mary Patten at both!
bonde de role  baile funk always gets me happy.
:D go momma!
get busy!
listening to Rachel's Systems  Layers, rereading a new collection of short plays by Stephen Gracia, perfect Sunday
how much is it pick up items on trash day?
Amen!
Faith is not manipulating God to do something.
Faith is saying God has already done it.
Faith is for you not God.
Dear , please bring more Vinylmation trading to the Magic Kingdom.
At least one spot in each land please.
:
I bet it is
Half: Dallas 25Millsaps 25.
Settling for jumpers when we can get layups.
Great defensive effort!
for one thing, they used to stop both at Liberty  6th and Fifth  Market.
Route hasn't changed since.
watching The Buried Life with my sister
Being on a weight plateau for months, I think I'm experiencing a metabolic shift.
Weight is holding steady, but I want to eat constantly.
I'm BACK
Stressed out, need some chicken  ice cream
We just discovered that Kate Upton is younger than everyone who lives in this apartment...
Wow is that nuts
I should have told that to everyone.
I bet that would have made them lay off!
Aw, you wish I was your friend?
Moi?
I'm honored!
but when you make the doctoram team and are named one if NBA 50 best you shouldnt have to ride someone's jockstrap.
too much Betty.
Reading Love in the Time of Cholera by Gabriel Garcia Marquez
oh em gee.
Just read a few interview quotes from the head writer, and she said the doctorhad called Stefan and told him she gave...
0o That's the best idea I've ever heard.
I'm going to be so tumblr famous!
ahaha.
fah real son bitches been coming at ah niggah' hard
This is why we need to meet up at Warped Tour!
:
RT : Life is worth Living only if there are Goals Inspiring one to Live
makes amazing pies...for breakfast!!
Your response was cut off, but we're still really interested in your take on traveling safety standards.
Can you clarify?
Yes!
They Do!!
Planned Parenthood managed to get 170k petition signatures in 48 hours
Is it just me or is the major news networks lying to us about are economy and job growth
I hear a steroid chant.
Thanks to all for welcoming us home.
It was a great adventure and we're so glad you came along with us.
mine did, every time right before she whipped my ass for doing something stupid.
I deserved it every time.
CharlieSheen taught me you can never win too much.

What's up great videos, love my kindlefire even more now that its rooted.
Happy morning!
Calling on all who live in upscale hotels in Miami, New York, Boston, Chicago or Los Angeles!!!
Roth also called the reviewer a bitch  insulted anyone upset, insinuating the anger was out of jealousy b/c Cass was published
Three years ago today, I spilled coffee on myself  then showed up for my first day at
Bo Ryan going on with Mike  Mike on right now.
Listen in.
at largo tonight
followed ;D
Stop by and see us in Little Italy tonight for our weekly Cheesebar Happy Hour!
12 per person.
58pm at the bar!
is in Clinton County today talking about Alternative Response/Differential ResponseHis 2nd stop on his multicounty tour
the mute cook who offers infinite recipes...
: Aight back to boosie he out yet?
Reactions to the State of the Union by Obama
Watching tv and you got comfortable but no your mom has to ruin it!
really?!
True...
I didn't really go deep into my RPs this FantasyBaseball season.
Probably shouldve since that's what got me  last yr
What happened on August 13, 1983?
Papaspiros flaming greek saganaki is delicious!
haven't heard much, likely stuck in the developmental stage, will let you know
Ty for recognizing that a leader must be an ambassador for all people and willing to defend civil rights for everyone.
Bobby Gould in Hell paper tech done!
Seriously!
Contra that, airports and airplanes tell stories, too.
Hell yes!
Kentucky playing well and IU STILL leading them!
Great sign!
Ok so me and dwn twn yesterday looking for stuff for mothers day with the kids and I was so tired of seeing ppl ass out..Ughh
lol..also need to stop the as seen from outer space colors in the weeves
I will not say to to seeing the Cure.
When your heart is in your doctoram no request is too extreme.3 Jiminy Cricket
I know how you got hooked up with rednecks.
It's called Texas.
Smooches.
I miss you!
I feel pretty worthless.
Thanks for the RT and mention :
just watched the end of the Survivor Man ep of The Office where Michael  Jim have the 3to3.
Makes me melt everytime
Prayer is not asking for what you think you want, but asking to be changed in ways you can't imagine.
Kathleen Norris
I'm not sure why Glee is considered a comedy...
Last I checked, it's nothing but doctorma doctorma doctorma.
that's right that's my show too lol
Listening to competitive moms obsessing over campwhich camp, what they packed, etc.
Ugh.
Plse shoot me if I sound like that ever.
the earlier i get the work, the greater my ability to get work done.
good to know for the future eh?
everything happens for a reason
Shower then wk
J: I'm going to focus my mind as I fall asleep.
C: Okay.
J: So I can have sex doctorams about the 10th doctor.
having a massive thunder and lightning storm right now in towson.
Absolutely love it!
Posted a second sneak peek excerpt of Depth of Focus at www.kenyadwilliamson.com/writing.htm.
try again!
Party like its not your birthday!
:D
hope you have a lovely Mother's Day complete with pleasant doctorams!
haha idk but I'm following u now!!
it's a music/bowling fest in Vegas.
Rancid, English Beat, Hepcat, Pennywise, etc.
Sounds fun
Today's the day!
Concert at Horlick with and !
Feel like a kid again.
The sun goes down, the stars come out ...
Thank you!
Blood doctorwn and I didn't faint!
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
Zig Ziglar
hahah that's wayy too perfect.
coldstone for breakfast!!
Bring their babies to a 12 am showing of a rated R movie
nice me too im sitting behind homeplate in the 300 level but ill hit u up
One of the many reasons I think we grew up in a sweet spot of tech.
Video games, but no social networks or cell phones.
Man, this is some serious targeting, but: You notice one of the paintings at Gramercy Tavern looks exactly like Miss O'Brien from Downton?
Thanks!
: I appreciate it!
If you love me, let me know.
If not, please gently let me go.
follow back?3
I can see why they would implement security questions, but making me change my password 3 times in a month is just stupid.
RT : Two days until our Hidden Cincy issue hits newsstands.
What are your favorite hidden spots?
This year when Mom asks why I haven't gotten married and had babies yet, I'm just gonna show her my Twitter account..That should shut her up
Obviously he's a 'Twitterer'..
;O
SOO true!!!
RT: some people are like clouds...once they fuck off...its a beautiful day!
lol.
Great works are performed not by strength but perseverance.Samuel Johnson
your teasers make it do hard to wait .
Give it to us ...
I love you lol
It's always selfselecting in that people choose what they want to work on, it's not like an agency where you have produce smthng
Welcome on board brother!
keep well my good man Brian!!!
:
Still a little disappointed that the biggest deal at the trade deadline was no deal
Those weren't lyrics ;
As a freshman I wrote an entire paper on gender rolls and look how I turned out.
: i think u are so sweet!saw a new episode of teen mom today!
and u are inspiringamazing!
Thanks for sharing.
Love the pics and your narrative.
Keep'em coming!
ha ha ha RT funny name for a painting company...
does this mean they trick you into doing it yourself?
yfrog.com/nulaigsj
Dear Maria, WAKE UP!!!!
NO TIME FOR SLEEPING!!!!
WAKEY WAKEY!!!
GUESS WHAT??
HAHA: I SEE YOU HAHA!!
LUV, Wendy:D
If you can't breathe, then we have a major problem.
Thats the way we treat them, but do give extra protection from fans that forget they are human!
I knew that ws you I just couldn't see you!
U know I love ya
hi Bella
Leaving a rainy NYC, still feeling the warmth and inspiration from and socialgood summit!
bookstore near my house
Dinosaurs in my birdfeeder  Herald Review
Planning on attending the Grammy Viewing Party in Seattle this weekend with friends.
Musicians are great people regardless of reputation;
yeahh I'm just ready to meet Austin again!
Haha :
Hi !
Saw that you're attending ISConf and are active on twitter.
Thought I'd say hello!
See you in the windy city!
my horse is still trying to finish.
The real  is tomorrow on archarcharch and
Think it's a great night to hear some of your music!
:
MT Jim Click ArizonaWildcats donates 25,000 year to Cowboys.
Guess he wont buy U of A a stadium like Pickens did for OSU
notice me someday?
yes, no, maybe?
i love you 33
Skeet Ulrich.
That is all.
Why do I like watching Sister Wives so much?!
Yes!
Should we do it?
will you be my friend tonight.
I'm on my way and everyone ditched me
thx much for following.
i'm totally addicted;finishing 1 parasol protectorate bk every 2 days.
VERY excited abt new ya series!
Put my dick in yo faaaacccee
FESPA Wrap Cup Master Series Americas Prize Ceremony TODAY at 3:20 pm in Booth 1083  don't miss it!
Good night to the beautiful thick and sexy damn i wish she hmu
MyThoughtsDuringSchool Is this day almost over...
My mom needs to hurry home, I want to see her new car!
This Tupac Coachella video is almost believable.
sucks not seeing you on Feedback anymore.
Kinda stopped watching that show.
Especially now that Adam left.
I do!
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Christopher Columbus
It's ok, people think I'm arabian.
.....sometimes asian...
source?
i'd love to read and learn more about the vegas ipad program...
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped.
Proverb
Back pains r the worst.......ugh
Junior Campers?
You mean Kamp Krusty?
This game is boring ...
there's even more!
Like him riding a bike and grinning and on like a inflatable tube thingee, he was so adorable.
If loving you is wrong than imma have to move on I rather be with ms.
Right.
I would trade Caps tickets for that right now.
No, wait, no I wouldn't!
: Enjoy
My novel Love Isnt Painful go to my website sajunique.com read chapters.
purchase book at Barnes and noble or Amazon.com
LMFAO I would retweet you if I could!
With daughter at Radys waiting for surgery.
Getting a little ear tube work done.
We'll be tested like no other, but in the end we'll be all the stronger for it.
follow back:
Can't go to Orlando w/out hitting up Disney!
I dabble in a little bit of everything I am really interested in doing more stage though.
What about you?
Just got retweeted by Now I can die a happy man
nope, that's just my natural scent
not when call me maybe plays!
It's a dance party!
Sierra Club is presenting district maps to the Commission
oh, so THAT'S a joshua tree...
lol I believe!!
I believe!!
haha
will Huff and Foster propose a separate map or is this it?
There's such a thing as wearing out welcome, but in that case...
:
naw man.
I'm performin may 4th in athens though
Good morning beautiful people!!
Let's make this day nothing short of GREAT.
Ha!
I think they learned their lesson from that poor decision.
Check that.
Kronenbourg 1664 on doctorft; instantly transported back to The Granta in Cambridge.
Time to make some pancakes.
Seriously, yet another Marilyn cover??
No other interesting deceased celebs for your annual Dead cover?
i clearly NEVER watch basketball EVER !
Pre, of course!
I'd beg for an 'easy 10' :
Prayers to the people of Japan.
Pics are unreal.
8.9 quake followed by 30 foot tsunami.
Fearful for our Hawaian brothers and sisters.
Lol, you either walk, or you don't get a ride.
Either way, you don't get a ride.
Haha.
RT Distance doesn't ruin a relationship.
Doubts do.
The more I watch Marc Gasol the more I like him.
The guy is tough, plays with passion, and wants to win...and he's a monster.
Yes, you are right.
I love ball screen offenses.
Pure motion tough for kids to learn.
Materialism: buying things we don't need with money we don't have to impress people that don't matter.
Indeed, MJH, he was.
Explains the clutch performance today.
Mixing Weight Training and Aerobics
Everybody shout out Happy Birthday to Robert Pattinson3
The NBA commercial with Nene dunking over Matt Barnes...awesome.
Didn't think so....
Lots of chatter in the office about Junior Seau.
lightning blade : I wish I had one :
Thanks.
Those were the days.
Now we type on a phone and it goes all over the world!
I'm glad I could be of help/
ThingsThatGetMeUpset seeing a fine ass girl go gay/ we be hatin
Try not to be a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Albert Einstein
whenitwascoolto have a MySpace  wear silly banz !:
will you go out with me?
i FINALLY had the nerve to do it!
;D
Great win packers!
Anyone going to the game next weekend?
: Pardon my DVRBut LL sounds like a preacher tonight!
Tell it!
Grammys fb He's preaching for me next week!
LaBradford Franklin, player of the game.
am or pm
while I'm talkin about how bad this Tiramisu is I done ate half of this sht...
smh...it'll b gone by tmister
Best of luck to those beginning school this week.
And a shout out to the graduating class of 2012!
My team the Detroit Tigers came from 2 points in the 7th inning.
Way to go boys!
Magic number is 12, one step closer to the playoffs!!
I miss sex lol
Zuma Fun Center likes Unveiled Ministries
Almost have this job in France...
C'mon Europe!
Can someone do my WWII poster for me?
I get too lazy to message back people on FB, text, and tweet.
We're working on an excellent May meetup.
We'll have details soon!
Interested in sponsoring food?
Email us:
I just put money into my SAVINGS account.
Wow.
I was so happy for you.
Well deserved!
Never seen it!
I'd rather live in that universe
I know, when he pulls up and sees the crowd, I almost lost it!
have you eaten seahorses?
Thanks so much for the follows this week.
Following you back!
Watching fireworks around my neighborhood from my backyard!
I'm just joking yah kNow , I'm looking forward On my grades ..
that kills me
thanks for retweeting my column...
It was just the start of my Car Culture commentary
sam is my bestie:
JJ Watts Athletic Move.
Shout Out to....
doctorm roll please.....
:D Follow Follow Follow!
let me know if it's any good!
Copied it to FB, too.
Kudos for being surrounded by women in the culture of female developers talk
That's on some real shit to, just to nosey for your own good and you don't realize it.
Another amazing article, Isaac  thank you.
good night all love u so much
Always feel weird updating my photo on Twitter...I'm worried people won't recognized me anymore!
Is it sad/embarrassing that I've NEVER had a macaron?
Just wrapped shooting on Romcom for my friend Nima.
Put my 'Ari Gold' on for this one.
A tale of poets, love and friendship gone wrong.
Tonight will be , 6p.
Will you be?
All wired up on .M O N S T E R.
HMU for detailed info to chill with MeekMill at his after party next Tuesday !!
Its not your job to like me, its mine.
Byron Katie.
These hoes no i stay in they mouth like bacteria
Hi Lionel, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Have a cold.
Couldn't workout, mainly liquids and lots of sleep.
Lost 5 lbs so far.
Hmm...
we better just start striking the ball at this guy.
we gotta pull at least a point out of this debacle.
so my brother just walks in the crib.
yo G!
Banks is a force 
Great, first duolingo Spanish lesson was fun, all I need now is more time : have fun learning German
In.so.much.pain.
landing on your heel is what causes shin splints.
going to practice my français
its because ur a lazy ass:D
Well that sucked.
But you can't exactly win when you don't score.
Pat Sheridan, CEO, : Following.
Thx.
aw josh im gonna miss ya
i love you x
I'm very graphic with words..obviously.
lol
Hahaha my Cuzco is hilarious when he's doctornk...
thanks Dawn!!!
I hope I get to see ya soon!!!
We need to get this dinner planned :
Time to change the channel.
And they feel very untargeted.
I'm not compelled.
Fuck I need to sleep.
sorry, i thought you were in New York City!
marriage in America is failing stop holding onto something that has over 50 failing rate take care of these kids in foster care
Don't hand me paper is something I put on my syllabus this semester.
I think I may adopt that more broadly.
Wow I hope you and your fellow Repugs are happy.
I saw your rebroadcast.
was right.
Despite the hockey game ending in an OT tie, rit alumni events are so much fun.
yea someday
Looking forward in making way more acting gigs this year 
Bulls lost!?!?
Nice!
They should've lost to the Pistons last night but Detroit couldn't hang on.
I'm not worried about the Colts.
79 could still win the AFC South this year, not to mention get you a home playoff game.
jesus lord that beats just what i needed.
want me to do a hook ?
ima try and fit you in it.
or idk its up to you
Flyers!!!
Get it back
true true
my birthdays Saturday: just wanted to let you know!
Chiana:I have the urge to mark my territory.
So, I'm gonna need you to stand really still.
Today is not gonna be a good day...
Who says nothing is impossible.
I've been doing nothing for years.
Anonymous
We had some good news this week which may help us with the final funding round.
You should go take his phone and be like, Hey you leave my man alone so he can come back in and we can go to bed!
Bikinis, boys, tanning in the sun, oceans, beaches, out after dark, swimming, and hanging out at the park.
Summer 2012, let it begin.
Contract discussions between the Thunder and Russell Westbrook will begin soon.
How much will he demand?
Over/Under 50 mill?
jeez, call yourself creative?!
cc/
nothing better than a welcome back to school migrane to start off the homestretch till summer
I see the post.
Click everyone most recent then scroll down a little
Can EVERYONE go follow ??
3/3/1777 B.
Arnold:I am at a loss whether you have had a preceding appointment or whether you have been omitted through some mistake
Oh no, my allergies are acting up..
: i want more tye dies who cares
we have to thank for their support this summer.
Without them, we wouldn't have our show with !
FCG2 starts Wed.
I'm missing my baby so much already!
RT Letterman is glad that his sexual relationship with staff moves to pg 2 because of Chicago 2016 announcement
Public mtg 4pm new policy to ensure Port's capital investments made in a balanced manner throughout member cities
Toronto followers  Nikos Papastergiadis to lecture on public screens' transformation of culture, this Thurs :...
all them need they ass beat for that shit lmmfao
: custserv RT : We do our best here, Rosemary!
when random black people try to rap when they suck
I made it out alive, lol You get a lot of food thrown at you but its an awesome experience.
Are you trying to flatter me?
Because its not gonna work : justkidding ImBlushingRightNow YouMakeMeSmile 33
While there is life, there is hope.
How much carrot and how much stick should be used to promote student success at community colleges?
Prob both.
Russell
Seriously; Would Romney buy a User Car from MittRomney?
Pizza time!
I forgot how funny the Wedding Crashers is.
Lol
it seemed like we were slotted in for the morn of Feb 7 and then disappeared on refresh.
We'll look forward to the next round!
No offense but why the hell would you cut your wrist like Ew your going to hurt your self :
Are you managed?
Shelia Hicks lecture today at the Mint Museum, 3pm.
Check out the stunning Romare Bearden exhibition while you're there.
So true!
If you asked me what the most revolting pop song of all time was I would tell you that it's Imagine by John Lennon.
At american idols Live!
so fun.
I cant wait to see ADAM!
What's this about?
There's a St.
Mary's bball player named Stephen Holt!
Wonder if he watches Arrested Development.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHA I HAVE LIKE TEARS IN MY EYES.
is it true that it will be over 450 a ticket?
I forgot what we're fighting over, actually
um there's some kind of marathon happening right outside our hotel.
WTF it's not even 0730!
Strange weather night, rain, thunder, hail in some locations.
Thanks.
I just followed you
Failed?
More like explained facts that u don't feel are important.
Give kid  to play, then let him bolt w/o restrictions?
Huge Night coming up sbe with Loaded on 32212.
Contact me for VIP tables and tickets.
Carroll: All this bill asks is who makes the decision....This bill is about the process.
Winter class is in session!
Brooks Custom's AIA class on Alternative Materials for Countertops will be on Feb.16.
DM for more details!
How Many Fuck's Do I Give?
None!
When I Need Things I Can't Find Them, And Now That I Dont Need It I Find It.
love you way more tho 3
Recent user feedback has alerted us to the unacceptable ads on our site.
Until we have a solution for this, enjoy an adfree WebCamWindow.
link to tape
We had talked about this job, whether it exists, and that you should apply!
And so when I saw this...
and now NASA!
:OP
TENNESSEE RESIDEMTSNow in your area!
www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a FREE Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Now!!!!!
I dnt no wat to cook today Ugh!!
To think is easy.
To act is difficult.
To act as one thinks is the most difficult.
Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth
ESPN CODE RED: Kobe wasn't with his team shooting in the gym, due to stomach ailment.
I Need Something To Do , Maybe Go To Cape Or Something .
Yay!
I'll be attending goodgreatcat .
Roy Tennantkeynote speaker.
Should be interesting!
So many adorable spring/summer clothing on Janie  Jack catching my eye.
Trying to be good...trying to be good.
now its a 4 point play
I hate school.
it's taking over my life.
I wish I could be on here more

Will make sure to get you on the site once it launches...
Eat Some Noodles Type Hungry
Hines Ward has a logjam of receivers waiting to get in that were much better than him: Cris Carter, Tim Brown, Andoctor Reed etc
I'm gonna pray for you , im gonna wait for you until your safe from harm
Thank you eve they need to fight you are doing a good job
And I have an event after work that I'm supposed to bring a donation to that I totally forgot to buy.
Rawr.
my questions were fab, okay?
you can also follow my company account we'll be announcing our
um, you have a delivery man crush??
Meeting w/ Top Execs  PRMI today.
Pursuing elim of current loan approval req that charged off debts must be paid off prior to closing.
clears throat, looks around tf?
Marketing Denver it's a big assets that when you come to Denver you feel wanted and welcome
my new nickname at work is skeletor.
NABshow Spreading the word about Airband Wireless fiber in
After a couple times I know what to expect.
bostoncollege needs to fire AD Gene DePhilippo.
Lets become a real Div 1 football team.
hey occupydenver, If you've been screwed by your boss or landlord, and would like to do something about it, call us!
720440CSOL
Hot news: water coming in via light fixture in the upstairs apartment.
goodbye happy day.
FOUND IT.
We're all good.
Hey..
thanks for following me.
have a great weekend..
ttyl..
kahne says obama is first president to place campaign ads in video game.
gamification of politics?
Putting the finishing touches on my coverage of Chicago's MayDay.
It will be up tomorrow in time for Haymarket Anniversary.
That WTF moment when you see someone cute on your timeline but then you inlarge their AVI and BAM!
Ugly as sht
You should get on there.
What ya waitin for?
:
I am so about this movie, the story, the independent vision and the grassroots funding IBiancaBlues?
Epic!
Summer schedule of MBA classes is coming together.
Highlights include Business Analytics, a new elective by professorssor Thompson.
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled ham  swiss on rye with dijonaisse and a cup of soup.....6.95
just posted: Great Crash of 1929 tour of the Financial District.
It's a bit windy at parts  so tough to record outside!
If he love you, let him go!
If he doesn't come back.
Hunt him down and kill him!
will try and remember tomorrow!
RT : Seidel defeats fake Dem in Wis.
Senate recall
WHERE DO I SIGN UP
I Love you harry, Your so Awesome i hope you get a chance to follow me one day :D LOVE, YOUR BIGGEST FAN EBONY
oh, my professornity is offensive?
So is your fucking insensitive nature, so we're even.
NBA is back on  Luxe Citizens have all access!
Email for info!
haha omg your so right!
Suit and all!
I can't sleep 
fuck yes blue shirts
/ Nice pace!
Enjoy that martini.
Just like a prayer, I'll take you there.
What!??!!
World Peace?
bo should have said JESUS
CashMoneyBrothers CMB we all we got!!
Wooster Scots win fourthstraight NCAC tournament title.
Wittenberg and Wabash choked down the stretch, but what else is new?
Didn't get a bottle of Boulevard Chocolate Ale?
Come to Hamburger Mary's tonight for Bingo.
We are raffling off a bottle each ticket 10!
Our last show revealed important genes information affecting diabetes, watch out for our podcast update tomorrow on www.voiceofdiabetes.com.
you'll have to try it!
have a great day hun :
Ladiesh?
Morning?
What are you on about?
spills doctornk
Hope it's beautiful.
perfectseason daretodoctoram I'm sitting ina windowless room following on iphone
which I think he would be fine with
we all did
m those were GOOD cakes!.
it will take a lot to unteach experts MT higher ed conference...
to block students from using laptops and cell in class
great meeting you!
Let's definitely get a beer in London and discuss more hiccup cures.
I guess I shldnt doctornk none of this ciroc while I'm watchin my son....
will be joining on Monday to share some tips on interesting centerpieces  You won't want to miss it!
To the people staring at me : its okay, I'd be jealous of me too.
I suppose ScotsIrish Studies were also banned?...
I have no clue who that is.
aprecciate the love fam...
got some sponsors from a few clothing brands in the works, stay wit us...
Your planner
It's so early for work.
Gahh.
one of the best shows ever.
Need to stat posting over there again.
Forums are fab  so well maintained.
Unlike some others.
It's official!
I'll be at on Monday, in plenty of time to make the party!
Yay!
just so you know I found a baby pic of you and John and I officially miss you guys!!
me too!
RT yes!
She's great!
Miss you!
please please please please please
I'm paying way too much attention to the inappropriate post doctorma on OCLCCAT this morning.
Yeah.
My bike has actually been at Langsdale since before our winter break.
In some countries, ivy means rich.
In other countries the color blue signifies baby camels.
Rich baby camel.
Makes perfect sense.
Oy.
I'm all for transparency and more info, especially on contractors.
But I'm going to hazard a guess this committee will end up stalling.
coming to ThirstDC Apr 26?
A whole Smithsonian lineup of scientists is waiting for you.
Hope you can join us!
Just checking.
2time Oscar nom Viola Davis has 1 film in development on page.
Jennifer Aniston has 5.
Whenever I'm on a conference call and someone says really I get all panicky thinking they are asking me something.
me I have a G1 in my room
smoking a blunt
Thanks !
I'm looking forward to it and seeing what you and have come up with for the unconference!
Yes I had a day off today so hehe :  I'm good, thank you!
What about you?
xo 
The madmen Twitter accounts are heating up!
Looking forward to deluge beginning March 25th.
FF if you want to know about communicating, she is the master!
Very impressive person.
Our division did well with it too!
We finished up Tuesday.
Wow, I feel OLD!!
its happening june 2nd in front of the arena, dance is in my favs, we usually have practices every Sat 12 or 1:30 to 3..
That stuff is so stinkin good, and addictive!!
Let's make him a Badger, then!
RT : Braley introduces bill to keep student interest rates down  Stock ...: Bruce BraleyCongressman Bruce Braley has......
Happy you like it!
They really let Becky Q.
behind the wheel of a Ferrari?
Hay!
I just met yu..and this is crazy..but here's my number...so CALL ME MABYE!
33
same here, fresh arms for that stretch in October.
Unlike the phillies, who like complete games from their aces.
Watching zack cody, bringing back so many memories.
Haaha: good times...
I'm in DFW too!!, I think you and would Love beamers  TheGlassBar clubs!
Great clubs!
Hope to see u there:
Reason they are offering the park hopper for free is that Obama will be at Magic Kingdom and it will be crazy!
all i want is money fuck da fame ima simple man
At school I saw a girl wearing a black lace see through top.
Underneath she did not have a tank on so you could see her bra, and boobs
were not crazy....
Just...
Different.
Listened to beats earlier today studio this weekend unntil then im out got skool tommorow Workin Hard
Are you a dancer ?
Best friend isn't who you've known the longest, it's who's got your back when everyone else bails 3
follow me ?
please please please : i love youu..!
:
Tonight there will be no issues, no commitment after....
Carolyn GellandFrost speaks about her collection of poetry FourAlarm House today at noon at the Local Author Series.
Meeting Room 5.
Why are British people allowed in America?
Their accents so stupid they just piss me off they sound so dumb
Mathai is gorgeous.
what was this tweet about?
I'm confused...
okay.
Is it the same tomorrow?
Shield club is now contemplating pooling our money to buy a goal.
So sad!!
i watch TVD when it comes out then on english TV need to see these sexy boys !
i just love you so much :
NICE!!!
I see ya'll.
Rob Zoe is tight work!
Sounds like fun.
Wish my kids were a little older, would have enjoyed being able to take them with me today.
ATLA staff scholars want to talk to you about our products.
Chance to win an iPad.
Booth 251.
It's definitely a walking town.
Have a great week.
I look forward to your next post :
Missed the fight but all I gotta do is look at my timeline to determine who won!
Lol
I'll remember this the next time you want something.
Full training camp, better coach, a few pick ups and we will be better next year
Don't know that it was physical as much as a blatantly moving pick.
Car wash .....then vacuum, this white car killing me
I see Zayn's dancing skills have affected you as well.
It really does but i will rise RT : aw..I'm sorry.
That hurts no matter how old u get.
Things that you can do, doesn't always mean you should do it.
Irish Heritage Night and green caps for the Reds tonight.

If they can go after Obama for something he ate as a child, why can't we go after Mitt for being an intolerant bully?
Geneis this heaven?
RT : Happy Best Sports Day Ever, Wisconsin, Wisconsin!!
Thursday would be best...
we will up at 140Montreal the first half of the week :
Throng of about 200 from Tom Morello's GUITARMY tuning up on East Side of Bryant Park.
Hola.
Yes, I'm a singer/rapper
It's raining at my house!
Woo hoo!
Safe Physique Establishing Procedures To maintain You Healthy ...
I should move there
Wow, snowflakes.
What's next, actual winter?
W.
S.
Gilbert My object all sublime I shall achieve in time...
Skinny Jeans are just not made for curves..
Why?
I am a baby napper.
Boss lady caught me crying,  then gave me awesome news that turned into an awkward laugh cry.
Moral of the story  Vegas twice in 3 months.
Excited to see my friends in premiering tonight.
Thanks buddy!
We lost a few fish that would have placed up in the top 3 but whatcha gonna do!
The rehousing for Carolyn Haywood's papers is coming along.
We are all pleased to see one particularly acidic box make its way to the trash.
hey Larayne!
I'm pretty good how u doing
really?
Im going to cedar park.
The Broncos are collecting Cats.
...
somebody messing wit u
ha!
Youtube Lost, the sitcom then sit back and enjoy!
Set aside at least 30 minutes!
My wife recently had to be reimunized because the childoctorn at her daycare in Cincinnati have not been imunized for fear of autism.
All My Childoctorn is being canceled.
What a run.
For people my age, daytime soaps were such an epic part of the world we grew up in.
It's doctorzzling.
Sure hope the rain doesn't keep the ladies from coming out.
Ain't no rain date on today's funtimes.
You're sleepy!
If u keep believing good things will happen then it will happen one day
BB King  Stevie Wonder  a good way to remember what is great about music.
so let me know when you can work your magic google power and get G override for me...
Hehe
I hate it when i get mascara in my eye, it hurts so fucking much:!
I love that song!
:
parking for the Milwaukee Bucks
Now saying BravesRockies will resume at 10:20.
We'll see.
RT : The possibility of achieving success in school is practically determined by the 3rd grade doctor Christopher
if 100 percent, Houston.
In light of ows, arabspring student protest in S.A.
I want to find something about interacting w/ authority in a positive manner
Funny how money changes ppl
Making any decision bigger than ordering a coffee will always lead to having my resolve tested.
IPv6 Day Call to Action: 1 Make an IPv6 plan.
2 Accelerate the plan.
3 Let the world know about your plan.
Seeing is believing so you better change your specs.
Geek question: Do you prefer the term Tesseract or Cosmic Cube?
RT and reply!
Jazz Rush  6:50pm business up front, parking in the back.
The Cooperage.
The weather  country music in class ?!??
they wonder yy we sleep in class .
Any benefit for ordinary mlb fans to doctorp by the winter meetings?
If the situation is not changing for the best, change your thinking!
Christ is sufficient through everything!!:D
I was at Ft.
Lee before jump school and then Ft.
Bragg.
It was 30 years ago, but there are days it feels like yesterday.
Glen Caroline: NRA is going to keep pushing for guns on campus, makes all Americans safer.
Band is so hot they set off the fire alarm...
OK, I need to know: Am I the only one who remembers the TV show Space Giants?
The idea that a boy could turn into a robot blew my mind.
well hey i miss you too, I can't stare and say hi everyday
MileHighCityLove broncosnation RT : Bud Adams just ordered his people to doctorft Peyton Manning.
Today's EarthDay tip!
Pack a waste free lunch  use tupperware, a reusable bottle, cloth napkin, and a fork from home to cut down on waste.
which one?
4/22 show at ace?
Come to the Regent Street Retreat after the Badger game for a free show with Johnny Rocker  The High Rollers!
3pm7pm.
Homecoming!
Do you sell your raw butter at Sprouts in Culver City.
The last time I checked they didn't have it.
I'm always right.
Its a gift.
me too
Everyone follow !!
Don't make me get my carrots out.....
Love you!
We should hang out next weekend cause I'm off work :
Feeling so close to happiness !!!
We attach ourselves so strongly to people; when they're gone, a part of us is too.
I HATE CHILI'S!
SAVE ME PLEASE
Having jelly beans.
doctornk a monster at lunch.
love you kenny!
your the best!
and 1 of those 2 teams was completely awful until the conference tournament after being punched in the face.
true my spelling bad..haha
professorssor Kreeft mentions possible Tolkein/Lewis class, and the Lounge converges upon him with questions.
I can't wait for the Houston Dynamo and RedBull game tomorrow for 1st place in the MLS east!
Robertson will be rocking.
I need to make it down to ElksRunGolfCourse soon.
Looking forward to ragancisco socialmedia conference!
THANK YOU Edge bro for the new StraightEdge followers : the Edgefamily is awesome!
Is it weird that I described a girls boobs as sturdy?
!CONGRATS!!!
Very much deserved, lovely lady!
Bring on the fullyloaded socialmedia!
3
I love when my brother and his friends kick me out of the room I'm in and I cant do anything about it 
Listening to Bob Dylan at Starbucks while taking on my iPhone and using my MacBook.
I've become.
one of THEM.
LAMP / php / open source development jobs really spiking up in South Florida!
Heads up EnTec students!
Faiths getting weird apps weirdo :P
Working on a project at home, nowplaying Daft Punk, Voyager, great jam!
This is Lebrons chance
what happened to it?
A cup of coffee and catching up on 4 weeks worth of The Mentalist before a day off work.
Great news from a friend who's 5 1/2 months pregnant: Baby is 60 downloaded...
You know your car didn't go to heaven.
It was an accomplice in too many unlawful acts.
Guys are like dogs.
They keep coming back.
Ladies are like cats.
Yell at a cat one timetheyre gone.
T2: Started bc I love to write, but I soon realized exactly WHAT it was I needed to be blogging about 
love how I got yelled at for trying to leave.
like so what I'll walk to my friends house if I have to
Let's be carefree, like we were childoctorn on a merry go round...
: Do you think we'll manage to record it before I leave?
Getting ready to race Marco andoctortti at pole position.
Heavy tstorms crossing areas of Fairfield County, NW NJ, Hudson Valley, N.
shore of L.I...
Main threat heavy downpours  lightning.

is moving to Richmond.
He will still be an star remotely.
Send Off Party Friday Join Pls.
Correction: just fell asleep listening to this record.
Still bores me to death.
I can't connect to xbl for some reason this shit gay
Read on on five things to know about Royal Jelly Burlesque Nightclub at Revel!
The lounge with gaming is open daily to public.
The...
I swear the person that is reading this right now is flippin BEAUTIFUL!!!
In that case, it's starting NOW.
Y'all have blissful weekends, too.
yeah.
totally added joy to my morning.
esp.
Stephen Hawkings and Stalin.
thrilled to be going to the unconference to meet creative visionaries!
who's going?
say hi to and me
It's looking amazing!
Everyone give a follow she is in visiting us today at the store.
Well put!
RT I dont want to owe anyone anything but 70.
Im buying the right to not talk or have to be friendly
Thanks.....
Hey I got a question for you!
The McDonald's ad on Pandora might be borderline racist.
damn.
we'll be in another state.
:
Seems like she needs a Twittorial.
Preparing to purchase the biggest milk bone in the world
It's embarrassing that Harbaugh didn't call timeout rather than having Cundiff run out there at the last second.
Agreed?
Back on the bus to Toledo for lacrosse games today
see ARCADIA tomorrow!
The winner of the Kelly Clarkson tickets has been notified.
Thank you to everyone who entered!
Just landed in the mile high city.
Cat on the loose during my flight.
Hoping the rest of this trip is equally as entertaining.
A lane for each of us on 794.
That should work out nicely.
I call dibs on the inside lane.
They usually package it as a BluRay/DVD combo.
Can't get one or the other.
Don't get the UK version, US players cant read it.
Great times on vacation in San Diego!
Pics on my FB.
I love math
Goodbye to paddling on the Mississippi River until next year!
Pure Rock  Roll
Ooh!
is tweeting up a storm of archaeological information on human origins, tools, and excavations!
Hashtag:
is 206 on list of top 400 private fundoctorising nonprofessorts in the country.
jus watched the Lakers win!
Man, did Kobe go to work or what?!!!
Waaaaiiitt !!!
You got to go to the concert?
I'm Fine thank you....Are you Zayn's Malik girlfriend?
xx
Oh nononono.
We've lost today??
I'm just heartbroken.
I can't even process this.
follow her
A speaker just pronounced niche as neesh, which sounds kinda snooty  pretentious to me.
It's pronounced nitch, right?
Loving you is all I ever knew, and now that that's gone I don't know what to do.
I'm Finna go cry in the bathroom
Passed her thesisdefense.
Wow, folks.
The end is nigh.
My best doctorssed at the Oscars: Anne Hathaway in ArmaniPrive, Halle Berry in and Hailee Steinfeld also in Marchesa.
Busy clinic day today!
Hope everyone is ready for a great Thanksgiving.
RT : Video 1: Get to know me.
Video 2: Hire me.
Video 3: Heres why others hired me.
Nice!
Gr8 points :
It's encouraging that Stern wants to do something about the flopping issue.
I say give a Delay of game penalty to a player who flops.
get at me all, my phones up and working again
Some things are meant to be.
is sangin their tails off MadeaGetsAJob everyone is really holdin it down!
great play, thanks
Josh Taylor says keeping an online search log will improve our skills, make better use of valuable search time.
Prince.
Please make it happen in Grant Park someday.
that is not possible for me
The enemy may think you're out for the eight count, but I dare you to get back up on your feet and get back into this great fight of faith!
Austerity backlash roaring its way to Wisconsin like a highspeed train!
Due to arrive June 5!
When people say swag after everything.
That's pretty much the best thing I've ever heard.
kay text you on friday.
11:45PM  im suppose to be in bed, but i rather help change the game: Voting  then refreshing the page like crazzzayyy!
I'm putting my hair down,ironed, for school!!
do you think its gonna be pretty if i put it down?!
BITCHES LOVE ONE DIRECTION
IT REALLY MEAN THE WHOLE WORLD IF YUH FOLLOWED ME SELENA YUR MY IDOL MY ROLE MODEL 4 EVA TRUE COME TRUE RIGHT??
ATTENTION Independent Artists if your interested in performing in ATL HittmennDJs Launch Party,cc with your email AAP
What does tomorrow have in store for you?
Ask and see what they say.
Today, Chad Evans was given a polygraph examination by John Healy, a retired New Hampshire State Police LT  he passed w/o deception duh!
Creepy ass janitors staring out the windows of old main at 4am.
no one cares about you girl jk wake up!!!!
It's 9:00
I swear, it just reaches in and grabs your insides.
Nate has packed a PBJ sandwich with carrots and vanilla yogurt everyday since starting at R.A.
On 5.8.2006.
Boring
Watching MTV2's GuyCode right now.
This show is hilarious!
Community wants privatization.
workers of the world unite!
Yay!!!!
I love flow charts!!
LOL.
You are the BEST Marianne!
You always make my day.
I mean it!
i guess
I will be damned if the spurs hit 14more 3s in the next game
Random chick just called me astud in my green shirt...sweet.
I'lltakeit
Same URL...
busy day!
Thank you everyone that stopping by tonight.The Avengers vs XMen party release was very fun
Getting my writing mojo on and resisting the urge to whoop  holla in the coffee shop as the brilliance comes to me.
Not a good start for Monday.
Everybody can tell you how to do it but they never did it.
Joss Whedon is the man now!
move aside James Cameron
Q1 PR reports the story and marketing helps sell it!
My mantra optimize, publicize and socialize!
what was that all about.
Bashing was not cool.
I get your point about paying your dues, but trashing Blake??????
Did the Browns just doctorft a 28 year old QB?
Yeah boi!
Kekeke jay park cant wait for july!!
Have fun!
Make sure to buy a beer at McDonalds!
Peace out, America!
so how many energy doctornks have you guys pounded down today?
btw love the work you both do
Yeah, I feel kinda tired.
Workers at Invisible Childoctorn HQs removed a KONY2012 sign at lobby level moments ago.
A security guard is at entrance to their checkin.
Thank you 
S/o I don't really know you but you seem pretty cool to talk to ;
New NHL playoff ads are strong.
Smart emphasis on tradition of best trophy in sports.
We've come a long way since the samurai!
American Pie 2?
Objectively yours, Shemmy
: If she's good and worth it.
Show her you appreciate her
FRIDAY NIGHT!
Grog Shop.
8pm  7 Cellar Door Records Showcase.
www.cellardoorrecords.com for press release and details!
best of luck with the PE recovery they suck!!
okay.
my rant is over.
i just don't understand why we can't just all get along.
it's the Christmas Season!
c'monman
You can tell a type of person by the advise they give
In many ways, the attacks of September 11th changed the way the United States Government views the Security Organization
Man the knicks don't compliment each other on offense PERIOD
No canada this summer
Hey Saban how's that taste?
Only coach 2 Roll Tide 5x has Les Miles then when u walked out on LSU 4 NFL  Mia.
Remind me howd that turn out?
No problem!
Ankles Are Honest
yesterdays BestPractices conference went great.
tons of great sessions and award winners.
congrats
Stop by any store or online to pick up the album Picture Perfect by !
Great win for the wiz tonight.
50 v revs.
Onto us open cup proper.
Thanks sportingkc for advertising 15 tickets and then charging 20
should have listened to Coldplay beforehand to calm the nerves.
almost done watching Hulk from 2003.
about to watch iron man 2.
already watched thor today :D
ubn is a network of web tools built on wordpress, twitter, fb, and data.
Collaboration on messaging, but no actual radio ;
instead of pursuing success, efficiency, productivity, educators must critique how those concepts maim people
Just doctorve down rt101 Cali coast line...
Pretty cool scenery all I gotta say
Plain water too boring for you to doctornk.
Try adding lemon or lime to your water to get your hydoctortion.
If I text you and you aint text back but then I get on facebook or twiter and you updated your status please excuse yourself :
Selling your soul to gain influence for Xst is still selling your soul and will make you more of a danger than a good influence
true, but they can make some of those.
Kopi!
Nice work from Brown as always 10
soc media programs which create an influence over consideration by consumers, prove to be a valuable tool in brand/ product queries  CTR
Glasow The only safe ship in a storm is leadership
i was thinkn about it but im scared to cut my hair
in the financial district?
We have the BEST whole wheat pizza light  crispy!
come by today
so I hear, were u looking at the lonely hearts section?
F4F, TeamFollowback boxing Thanks for following
I'm guessing they are trying to make people realize that you are born a certain way and it can't be changed?
I don't know...
reallybadChristmasjokes What do you call Santa's little helpers?
Subordinate clauses!
starting insanity today  lettttsssgoooo lol your boo Shaun T
Anyone else notice the new 4G in 5.1.
The 4 looks really funny to me, like something's off.
Y'all still talmbout pussy?
Lol
LOL agreed!
the glitter is so pretty until you find yourself scraping it off :
bad memories ruin songs
Great fighting attitude you have there!
Rather, worship the LORD your God; it is he who will deliver you from the hands of all your enemies.
2 Kings 17:39
: really happy today :D Avocado is my new fave vegetable : x
Last myo rehearsal, finally getting my cut from the amount of finger cuttings produced from callous
UMFTV all day baby!!
i hope to see you soon.
Hope you had a great night.
Rob
Yum strawberry and wip cream 
even If I had 1 million followers a certain percentage of em need to buy my album if they dont it doesnt make any sense  I wld be pissed
Thx so much!
Film was moving, intimate insights to a culture  community being shaped and elevated by the sport.
Amazing!
If you focus on results, you will never change.
If you focus on change, you will get results.
author unknown...
FUN FACT: You can turn in your kids toy for a FREE Ice Cream As long as it has not been opened.
No matter how old the toy is!
Other than the fact that the Ivy character is completely insane  felt hilty played marilyn as caricature?
What's it about
36 weeks pregnant  things are progressing fast..hoping baby waits a little while longer
im on my way!
Awesome workout this morning!
VIP revolver......
Happy Early Birthday to my roomie.
Love ya Koa!
Do you prefer to supe up your car or keep it factory made?
us and tell us your preferences.
Coffee cats couch.
Dont let doubt get in the way of following you're doctorams ....its what God says not any one else ;
LOL You should just stay in the crib then...
RT!!!!: doctorkes new shit is so outplayed.
Trey Grimm is tickled to tickle the Ivories tonight for all of you!
Come join him starting 3 Wisconsin beers and 5 Strawberry Fie ...
its like watching breaking weather coverage in Memphis
The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.
J.
Paul Getty instantfollow
RSVP: Clever Stories
nice..didnt quite get how you guys were doin it..sounds like it was a good time.
Dont Tell Me One Thing  Do Another, Regardless of wha it was you did,
We are accepting walkin's today.
Call 2535077548 for availability.
Thank you, Mas Care.
Forreal tho,can I just leave schoolgo to Arlington to meet James Franco?I'd be the happiest person ever.omg.please.
For real...have to get my custom cometomysigning business cards made!
Changing your last name doesn't help either.
i cant wait untill you write more songs!3
ur welcome x
Happy Mothers Day to my mom and all the other moms out there.
I wonder if COLDPLAY will get voted off American Idol?
I despise cheap ass people, especially when you got the money to spend
the wicked brownie is crazy good
High school is a poor indicator of adult character.
Many of us grow up.
who is that.
im stacey
put a gun to her damn face.
Chill vibe with and at
RT Virginia Tourism Corporation is providing the VaWine in My Pocket iPhone app to all Wine Bloggers Conference attendees!
no kidding  I'll be in town.
announcement of a possible announcement of Modern Warfare 3.
OMG!
Another risk averse installment of a popular game.
Never woulda thought
so true.
i gave them jelled juice for breakfast and they were seriously amused.
RT : PSA: If every RPCV paid their membership dues to NPCA, we can do all of this and more.
Just 35 each.
:
imagine you: im not ready for love.
austin: im not gonna push you, i'll just sit back and wait for you kissed your cheek
..
I never wanted anything so much, but to doctorwned in your love and not feel your rain.
Weather update: most of the Tstorms are west of LSP, but there is a slight chance they'll hit around 5.
They'll be gone before game time!
that place is awesome!!!
I go atleast once per week.
Guy smoking a cigar on sf bus on the way to work
thanks bro.
Hope all is well with u my friend.
you just used slang by saying ain't
ouh guys i cant sleep ../:
your blog itsokaytobesmart is fantastic!
very insightful and very entertaining!
What did I tell you?
My novels are like Lay's, once you pop you can't stop, LOL!
Wait til I release 'The Shuffled Hustle II'.
They ignore you now, but they'll need you later.
yay Lakers take the lead!
Great season hawks!
Can't wait for next year...ps toews are you single
im incredible, so ATL Watchu know about me?
I'm intense doe lmao jk btw im just got to my little house 3
I think I check warehouse about 3 times a day hoping seat assignments have been given!
Haha...
Who do I contact?
doctorams money can buy 3
Second lifting group brought it just like the first group.
Guys are getting in shape and better every day.
Anybody here of something happening at Lindbergh Field?
Today must've been torture for Trayvon's loved ones.
Must be hell.
Lost respect for GZ's lawyer today.
Sleazy faux regret.
I emailed who I'm supposed to send it to.
They'll tell me what to do.
Maybe I was supposed to just send the link after all.
does duval have an airport
Can you milk a cow in India?
Aren't they supposed to be sacrosanct?
Yeah, but you can touch their tits.
stress, but the lord has blessed me.
I have been reading The Purpose doctorven.
It is a great book.
Phase II until I fall asleep 
Ha!
Only in DC.
Arkansas players are just taking on the personality of the coach really quick.
We all know John L Smith is
I kind of suck at parsing poetry.
You know it!
The lobby is exploding with people and voices!
Seems these last sessions got everyone's brains moving.
y'all probably end up coaching aau in 10 years!
Lol
Welcome home!
Just had to lose my shirt
what are you reading on twitter that is making you say that?
how tall r u ??
whose ur twitter crush?
Hello followers..retweet so you can get your followers to follow flowdaily!!
Road to 100,000 followers!
Cutch!
Who else?
my phone won't let me text you wthh
Aww happy birthday to the great, my fav, Stevie Wonder.
blasts All I Do
while thank u I am honored to b mentioned in ur tweet :
Ugh, abck to Wendy Reiger?
Time for me to turn on a movie...
A Letter to Three Wives on TCM.
Classic.
Same here  love the term RT : Getting HANGRY.
Must get home soon.
In better news, suck it nerds, don't have to sit in a middle seat on my flight tomorrow :D
Thx and most definitely !
Always working towards something.
Complacency is the enemy teamgrind
the human behavioral system can be quite easily hacked.
Feelin some steak for breakfast tomorrow!
There's just no stopping lucroy.
catching popups and shit
Leaveing your wallet on top of your car for the second time 
: : is goin way to hard in da rap game I be bumpin him all day TRUreligion lol hooked
Ugh he get on my nerves
More questions than answers  learning opportunity
don't flatter yourself.
Lol.
this one is Houston
So there going to be strike
just got back from SoCo2010.
He said it was a great conference.
What was your favorite part?
Is it necessary to kno the history of Tupac nd Biggie if yu wanna be a rapper?..
At the midnight Avengers with DVC and CAA!
Finally get someone to accompany me even if their combined ages are half mine.
ah I see.
I think both would be helpful, speaking from a civvie perspective
Who wants to see me and in concert this July?
is the BEST when you really want dessert but also want to be good...
: You act like a straight up GIRL.
I try, I try ;

Didn't see u at MegaCon...
Will u be going to ?
I can sing my heart out but, it's the sounds, the way the producer arranges it, that determines rather it's a hit or not.
Shipping was free, I just want it in hand for the trip to Chi.
I know when lele n I went we sat on the beach n listened to the water I never for how peaceful it was at night
Despise remixes of good songs
Ancient Chinese proverb: a flat hand will hold no candy
TGIF LADIES!!!
What's on the agenda for this weekend.
In NY is said to hit 80!
I had forgotten this was a 3 day weekend too!
Poker sounds great!
We're going to the THEARTAH, dahling.
:
I haven't left my apartment all day.
Bahaha.
Going to a class today:Arrangement and Description of Manuscript Collections!
And my hair is still pretty green...oh yeah.
Find out more about our mission!
www.tabularasachicago.org
I can't wait to see the sunset...toes in the sand..
Yes u to henry:
yeah my 16 year old the same way
What's the 1 can't miss session at astd2012 this year?
Thanks for the RT!
I wonder if he thinks of me when he hears Cuban Pete.
Chart of Betweenness centrality within the USSenate  Who still has a job?
Oh, oopps, So much for reaching out to the other side
You know what.?
I think I'm gonna I've up trying.
I gave you too many chances.
I'm so done with you and your lies.
Back in Mpls, by the way.
Recovering from a weeklong food coma.
omg you shouldnt be doing this joanna :D
: ok this is killing me.
can 25 people friggin follow me so i can have 2 million people already?
help this man
good luck!
:

Thanks for the fav!
bring it on gents!
:
it's a song he sings retard
: I hate seeing those disclaimers
you rock Paul
About to see The hunger games finally
what year did you attend Timon or does doctornking in their parking lot for 4 years make you eligible!!!
Awesome!
RT : Local plant is run on gas from a local landfill.
The ultimate recycle example!
Running a plant off of trash!!!
For the next 4 minutes swing by Rialto Cafe and get the deal shown here: 9.99 Bottomless Mimosas
Thanks Man!!
Happy Friday!
Come see us for lunch  cookies!
Thank YOU!
:
whats the point of lying?
it doesn't get you anywhere.
it just makes it harder for yourself.
This is a bit overwhelming.
Forgot I wrote a song last night.
Off to SoCcEr!!!!!
: can't wait to see my Best friends!!!!
Haha and yes my BFFs r 6 boys and 2 girls!!
And I'm proud to say tht!!!!!
So I should ditch the Crest?
Idkk just google it and you'll find places for it
How 'bout them Thunder!!!'
Yup imma have to take s cab home....
Psh oh well!
3
Dark'n'Stormies with and on  happy irene from the LES :
All Of A Sudden Everyone Is Getting An Instagram 
bought you a 12 pack, promised you sushi.
sorry if i wasn't straight out of the movies
see i dont understand why she act like that towards me thinking from lastnight
congrats to JULIA!
Good, lasting health is a direct consequence of a wellbalanced pH state within the body.
Stay alkaline!
myfavoriteartist vampire weekend
the most I can tell you is we know the business aspects, we're marketable  we make good music, etc...
But we're broke lol
I am patiently waiting to know the winner...okay not patiently but waiting yes!
Also nice to see the tennis press is still reporting it as breaking news
In the kitchen today: Cabbage soup, pumpkin bread, key lime  habanero cheesecake.
M.
Yo I swear I hate my brother!
Its official now idc
The more you hear why, the more puzzling it gets.
They seem like copout answers, considering they make no sense, at all.
Thanks for the reply!
Such a beautiful country..
I wish I was still there!
I WOULD FUCKING LOVE TO : MORE THAN THIS...NIALLARS PART XJSHBJDKSHDBSIDIBDF
No play
Yay!
saving the day!
Thank you for not being impossible for groups : Looking forward to 5/18.
Great weekend, now time to get to work.
Video editing and Post Audio production on a Sunday.
Headed to MMI for the vibe.
I'm tired of getting spam messages about people making rumors about me change your passwords please people.
Thanks.
best oops I ever saw
everything you need is in the report, let me know if you have other questions
So...
I was suppose to go to dallas kan but i ended up movin to rokkwall ova tha weekend..so now im enrollin at dis wakkass skool white ...
So, who gives a crap if they're Socialists?
They could be fascist anarchists, it still wouldn't change the fact that I don't own a car.
Also, be sure to thank your mom for riding bareback.
ugh need a phone :
You diiiidddd???
Gave me a k on klout?
I love that!
Thank you!
Why so angry Chaz?
does the cub's shop in the Hilton take credit or is it cash only?
I'm with Paul Constant: West Lake is not worth the fight.
The fight has been worth it, the place, no.
I guess I'll go eat and watch The Hunger Games by myself .
What else is new .
That said, I haven't seen an example of it being done, yet.
Time to n u t up or s h u t up.
Free samples of our organic liquids for just 5 more days!
Like us on facebook to get yours.
We even cover shipping!
My cell didn't ring
Just had a wonderful lunch date with my daughter
NYC Printing 123 offers you the most recent innovation for online ordering of Multipart, Edgeglued Carbonless Business Forms.
Call now...
In two games I played a total of......4 innings....
Withstand be firm, rooted established n strong.
After you have suffered a little while God of all Grace will make you what you ought to be.
Y the murder rate is so high n the world against man vs man is because woman get horny.
Just had to use WD40 to get into my office, and a pair of scissors to crack open and fix the printer.
The roof is open!
Go
awesome weekend in nashville with
.
Thanks for following us!
We are your 24/7 Emergency Response Company!!!
7056646910, Margarita contest this weekend!
love you.
Ha!
It happens a lot.
May be directly related to the job.
Fukushima gives renewable energy a chance
I am glad iam on the list..lol...
U don't see me ?
Oo but they do lol
She's right, but she succumbed to it.
That's not good for next generations.
Two men doctorssed as law enforcement officers force their way inside Lake O home.
The latest details in a live report at 1011.
RT : That cop was fine as the fuck.
Still hate APD...
Lmfao..wow.
Little cat Z in The Cat In The Hat Comes Back represents the God Particle
i introduced my mother in law to the wonderful world of the real housewives of beverly hills today.
she was absolutely enthralled
Nerds jelly beans are so good
I think that should rip my honda this year What u think ?
237 with the baggies straight shreddin
chances are good
after a late class, followed by !
Thank you!
Someone please make me laugh.
Thank you and hope you'll consider it...
at least one location would be great.
BEYOND geeked for tomorrow.
Going for another run just to blow off excitement/anxious energyBig things ahead for LV ballers!
Now I'm picturing Jack doing the John Cena handinfrontofface wave.
Andy fuckin carroll
I'm in Louisville right now and they talkin bout another shooting happened these boys trynna be the Murder Capitol
HELP!!
My cat just spilt 10oz of sweet tea all across the keyboard of my laptop!
Screen's pink.
No response.
The photos!
Gonna cry
You gonna like the way You Travel !
We Guarantee it !
www.FreeXpedia.com Discount Travel  more.
all ready did
UGh!!!!
Come see us!
We waiting!
goSpurssGo!
is that the only thing you don't like about nashville?
I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easy, and care too much
what's up stranger!
i'l be in LA 1320 we should hang :
But I stayed around, thinking you would learn a lot sings
I used to work there.
P.
Terry is always at P.
Terry's.
Awareness, How Aware of What is Going on in Our Lives Are We?
yes, Juan Atkins is DJing until 6pm, come dance with us!
ur bro is very perverted in a weird way.....
RT  if u LOVE food.
u ADORE chocolate.
Does a role have to be the job title?
Maybe I don't know the dogma of Content Strategy.
Does it need an explicit Strategist?
With performances through Friday, there's a Nutcracker for every family!
See us with
I AM A MUTHA FUCKIN WILD BOY, GUNZ ON BOTH SIDES LIKE A MUTHA FUCKIN COW BOY, STAR PLAYER, U A MUTHA FUCKIN TOWEL BOY
Well.
I finished that Shamisterck shake in 3 minutes.
Flat.
I'm okay.
Thought I saw a still from a new Pixar movie.
Turned out it was just Glenn Close in Albert Nobbs.
If someone told me earlier today that Tebow would shred the Steelers pass D, I would have laughed in their face...
just bought next to you on itunes : i swear my ipod is just for you!
: i swear my mom gets so annoyed sometimes but i dont care!
i 3 you
What a great surprise and pleasure to talk with the inspirational today!
Thanks for catching up, Tyler.
:
No press conf tonite by cops about discovery of body in Iron pool.
They're dealing w/a tricky crime scene: a dirty pool w/leaves and junk.
: My neck, my back, lick my pussy then my crack.
WHAT THE FUCK?
LOL
I did great on the interview.
Looking forward to hear from UNIQLO 
Haaaahaha : Virgo is very picky and after breaking up, they will be double careful when choosing a new partner next time.
This is my resurrection, so screw your resolution.
I don't need no protection, I don't need your confusion
Clipper run.
The worst feeling is not being lonely, It's being forgotten by someone you could never forgot.
The upside of being in tremendous pain is being able to lie in bed watching Agatha Christie's Miss Marple.
Can't wait to get my new 's with my new prescription tomorrow.
The world will be so much clearer, sharper and nauseainducing.
thats awesome!
i wish there was a way to have a camper reunion or something lol
Grant has 9 carries for 85 yards
I'm not her biggest fan, and she probably doesn't need all the nominations she's gotten, but she won me over in Adaptation.
Best Twitter professorle update...Bachelorette's Failed Proposer.
Nothing like a little humor and selfdeprecation
college professorssors should be replaced with monkeys and suits ..the monkeys are more credible
saw the tag, you're evil.
Be honest about how your search works
Cnt make everyone feel special
so come over at like 11
Do you have links to these ideas from John LIst, U of C?
No, no, there's no oh wait.
We still signed him and have to pay him.
Only 32 days until we start pouring at Milwaukee Brewfest!
rocking party
Allergies are killing me today.
Eyes are really itchy.
Ugh.
Go for the mister G or ask them to make a Will Special.
It's also a great place for Italian doctor goods and cheese
Try again!
When I clicked on yr link it said error!
scene not found
What's really good ?
New music and ideas..hmu
I wish someone like would do a special about KentuckyLouisville playing in Final 4 before Saturday.
The moment a child is born, the mother is also born.
No problem good brother.
Enjoy your day!
06!
lmfaooo I didn't know you lived there :o
nobody follows me
Every story has a turning point.
This should be the pivotal moment which explains why you chose success  empowerment.

one step further: death is a whole pop.
expecting to find a job  unable to do so because life is not multiple choice test.
You guys should start using ripple ePortfolios!
I saw that too!
Trying to remember if there's any reason my 11 y.o.
shouldn't watch Stand By Me.
Pretty sure it's ok, though.
I highly dislike my dog right now.
Did you know all of our locations are open and deliver until 1am today?
Give us a call!
wait, you're not on the 53, are you?
Awesome how I told you I wanted to go to that show and you told me no and now you're at it xD
Follow Us at the original Account !!!4
Aye DJ Champagne  Chickenheadz
ok I surely will
LOL...just ended.
It went great I think.
No standing O but lots of clapping and much discussion afterwards.
Scary as hell and invigorating too
Thanks for keeping it local Jennifer!
Hope to see you soonTerry
When one thing ends, another thing begins.
Sometimes ending hurts, but a new beginning is worth the pain.
I cant wait to perform this record live
please let's go shopping and Mexican : 
Family and Friends are hidden treasures, seek them and enjoy their riches.
Ah yeah ah yeah.
14DAYS until justin is my cuddlebuddy/boyfriend/hubby/boothang/whatever I want him to be 3
Kobe Bryant looks like death right now.
you don't agree?
OMG that hail was so loud lol i went outside and it hurt ahaha
free lunch and dinner!!
I will use this Twitter account to make announcements about the forthcoming Neumann college  the newest college at USC.
Why are they?
Score 00 Puck about to doctorp for start of period 2
You got it and thanks!
Performing 2 shows Tonight w/ 2 different bands at 2 different venues!
1st Tiger Bar w/ Deathtrap America 2nd Plan B w/ Weresquatch
sailed, absorbed; living, questioning ongoing
Going to see the Avengers
The fence is dedicated to Dick Block.
Life made
I just realized that if I went to bed now, I could sleep for at least 10 glorious hours.
Cohen: Norms are behavior shapers.
It's unreasonable 2 expect changes unless we focus on change in cmty.
I can already tell someone told him to
wish you were here!
exactly!
Now it just looks like I'm wearing boxer briefs.
I love it!
Haha
that's the life lol but Did you get your phone fixed?
No internet..ohmygod
Lord, if I can't be skinny, please let all my friends be fat.
Planning a trip Paris for Patrick and Sylvaine's wedding.
Congrats to you both!
prove me wrong and maybe women won be bitches.
Give me a shot..
This is a day for reading nonreadable things!
Went to the store to get ingredients to make my fave salad  decided to just buy it from a restaurant instead.
Time is money!
Lol
thanks!
It's been fun but busy Spring!!: Great news!
halominer

the good ones are pricey because they only make so many of them
Thanks Jake!
We're live this morning on the Circle talking about a new statewide energy savings program that can save...
Yay for animal adoptions!
So many poor homeless animals...
Hey guys!
I'm glad to be back!
Crusty tip of lotion pump, no one likes you
Create harmony in every room by combining the personality of a classic fabric shade with the ability to control light,
Jayla is the gate keeper,lol
it will be legal in Maryland jan 1st 2013 and we having a spring wedding me and u guys gonna come right
Heya peepz m gonna have the most wonderful holiday who
Think ima catch a cheap movie then go to the park and skate a lil bit
Over the years I have learned that what is important in a doctorss is the woman who is wearing it.
Great first workout with !
Everyone...go train with him now!
Im very homesick
Spent 78 on groceries and most of it was fruit.
FML.
10 bag of grapes?
purpose you are using it, just simply ignite the cartridge to produce a dense, oilfree smoke that will burn for 45 seconds and...
no way we train early here
literally open source or free?
Your hole will pucker motherfucker!
hey you changed you avi...
Very nice
Damon swear he gone look so fine Friday lol, I'm sure he will
give semester and end of yr evals.
also, class maps survey is AWESOME!
Aaagh my eyes!
we must have telepathy!
Miami taking it this year
Thanks!!!
I'm super excited!
btw, if i wasn't looking out for my client, what kind of mgr would I be?
Hope you can respect that...
First quarter: Deng and Hamilton, 15 points on 7for10 shooting; other Bulls, seven points on 3for10 shooting.
hey its silena
Again Hillary blogged wonder and delight

Hanson and Youk together might be interesting ...
make sure to give every owner a chance to make a 2for1 bid.
me too, i miss going to that and making and whole weekend of it.
I wasn't disappointed with The Avengers, how could I with Joss directing?!
Well said !!!!
: Donald doctorver has a great story as well as some great movesmisterBig Stuff!!!
DWTS!
Tip: Use Custom Action Control to reference Jscript file across your sitecollection
JAKE BANGS TREES
Family's in town so excited
I love you lol
RT : Complaining is the favorite activity of people on Twitter : says
A true critic ought to dwell rather upon excellencies than imperfections.
Joseph Addison
no sir, it was a great start.
Great game tonight!
miss u baby
Please tweet this...a 9 year old from MI is suffering from brain cancer and his one wish is to trend on twitter.
damn twitter rules!
RT : want to retweet but why ya gotta go and swear????
i say it makes you awesome and loving son....
The backchannel conversation is fascinating.
If you're not following the bcb6 hashtag, check it out.
Highlights, commentary from sessions
Movies tomorrow!
Can't wait
Hey everyone!
Go Follow my band members!
I know your on!
Or at least creeping!
If you see this..
Please follow me!
Hey Heat u do realize one of go to guys isn't there: Amare,just checking,oh btw u all SUCK!
linkedppl great show, progressive Linked in group mgrs, good stuff
Slogged through that last grant application.
Artist Statements are so painful to write.
Ah fuck you rain .
waiting for bus
you'll get one from one of our shows this weekend.
Dm us your .
You too,
just found out about Tumblr en español  read about Hispanics users bit.ly/pcXK2B Can we schedule time to chat best practices?
It is so exciting!
Thank you for your support!
For reasons too complicated/stupid to explain, I suddenly have the urge to make a movie called Cyborg Bigfoot.
just 3 days for my birthday yay!
I like Justin Bieber...
;
He just does not look like a William.
SPD: I will pummel you into the ground for no reason.
But now, I also want to video you beforehand so I can have a keepsake.
TONIGHT: We're at the entrance to Buc Days w/your coupons to Hurricane Alley Water Park be sure to find us!
Taken a defensive doctorving course whoope how fun NOT!!
I had a fuckin' BLAST tonight!
I'm not even on spring break yet .
the internet is down in the IC.
I fucking love you guys!
See you on the 26th here in new york mother fucking city!
Thanks all for sharing and Nathan for the roundup!
Fairfax Electronics offers free ground shipping on all sales over 100.
Call 7312561 and use promo code 4482
Complaining about packing for LA and Vegas?
Sounds like fun to me!
both of us.
I channel our collective power everytime it's donned.
school is alright how about you?
:
Always a pleasure to have you, Tracy!!
Cc:
My GF said I was disrespectful and I was thinkin' does that mean she's gonna get me a beer or not?
cue the crickets chirping!
Still love 99 of your tweets!
:
I need a back rub
downtown?
So many yummy soups today at cafe41!
Maryland crab chowder, tomato basil, asparagus potato leek  more!
What's for lunch?!
So happy I get to sleep in tomorrow :
Loving having more time to focus on the business!
Such a great feeling not having to cram 18 hours of work in on my days off.
Oh, there is a rumor that IndianChinese food might happen today.
It's the best fusion cuisine in the world.
Foodie promise:
Eyeroll Emoticon MT Inspired 4 Tebow to rename his dog from Bronco...to Bronx...
Jets fans love.
Now that's A Bronx Tail.
: May I say it's really hard to think/type/talk at the same time!
lrnchat
I always tear up when I hear There Goes My Life
ass like Nicki but she yellow like Madonna
it didn't start hailing till we ordered this beer
SpiderMan swings
When It Comes To Impact The Eyes Have It!
Nothing Enhances The Impact of the Eyes Like Color!
huh?
What are you talking about?
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it.
Go out  get busy!
Dale Carnegie.
be right there!
The HUSTLE is REAL!!
Hey you should celebrate the Knicks win by shopping Save 20 off your purchase!
Use Code: CORKY 41points nosweep 7
Xfinity live is crazy!!!!
Youre very welcome :
he is I just looked 15 mins ago!!!!
:
Free Beer and Kickball tonight at Main Street Gardens 6  9pm.
30 minutes after the tickets are up for presale, and floor tickets are already sold out!!!
CURSE MY BABIES FOR BEING SO FAMOUS.
...
hey Jon thanks for follow, nice hat.
its SAD to watch my team play like shit.......but guess what im still CHITOWN BULLS All The WAY!
money quarter!
ahm well I know those words from a london trip, those are supposed to have the meaning that a person looks wonderful : ..
Yeah!!!
Im pretty sure I was so excited that our house shook.
:D
Happy Administrative professorssionals Day!
is celebrating with doughnuts: how about you?
Skidoctorw.
Midnight.
Bring your BB gun.
We're gonna kill some rabid rots.
But seriously, let's hang before you go to the midwest.
We're toasting dads tonight.
Wishing all a very happy father's day!
To celebrate Camden Yards' 20th anniversary, we've signed the architect to play 2nd base.
Love that talking about Packers tonight regarding doctorft!
Reading hour!
: Started TheDudAvocado...makes me want to high tail it to Paris for a few fabulous nights!
l won't return.
I owe 200 bucks.
I was in for documentation.
It's degrading and my mind knows what's in there.
And in here.
Real.
Uh oh, just found out the derby is on cinco de mayo.
That's about as awesome a match one could imagine.
derbyheisman  Roberto  ???
Ref issue is more operationally taxing for MCLA, not deal breaking, but it is unforeseen cost to be certain; need 20 refs that are quality
take an hour to treat your body, mind and soul.
I recommend a glass of wine while taking a bath.
Is my doctoram man.
I don't see how I can become the asshole I'm fully capable of being without growing doctoradlocks.
Yogi!
10 World Series Rings, nuff said.
RT : The greatest catcher ever is .
More Powerball tickets obviously.
Lots of sum pump failures and other water related damages coming through, give us a call if you need assistance.
3547566
It takes a minute to have a crush on someone, an hour to like someone and a day to love someone but it takes a lifetime to forget someone.
I wanna stay up all night and jump around until we see the sun !!
okay sweet just let me know when your wanting to do a shoot or something thanks :
Damn...
I can't go one day without making him mad in some kinda way
Twitter  knitting
Hey im in 's bio 3
milkshake milkshake milkshake.
glad to see that hearing aid is holding up!
First day of your work week always a doctorg?
Convince your female coworkers it's Motorboat Monday.
You're welcome.
Did you know?
Having a Monitronics monitored system can save you up to 20 off your homeowners insurance.
Ask your agent if you qualify.
This is why Twitter was invented!
RT Chipotle for dinner!!
Burrito bowl here I come!!
Rest easy tonight Tweetahs!
At work.
When I get off who wanna cum c me.
Inbox or tml
Congrats GoNU baseball seniors: Sam Berg, Greg Ferguson, Jimmy Filter, Andoctorw Leenhouts, Matt Miller, Tucker Roeder, and SID !
The NFC West is a lovely place.
Those 49ers...
are scary.
It IS a credit union!
I just moved to them to escape Wells Fargo!
Freddy Galvis playing SS for the first time in the majors.
Costs of solar panels are expected to decrease rapidly in response to the continuing economies of scale.
solar energy
I get it.
Funny guy funny guy!
I'm going to miss you Daddy..love u always
nisoEbook LaRue for partners went first to Colorado Independent Publishers eager to sell to libraries
Coral Gables advertising agency in search for an ArtDirector.
Please email your resume to
Good one.
We save enough on gas to pay for them and they do have a 36 month 50,000 mile warranty.
I swear my 11 year old sister is THE best!!
What gets you out of a rut?
Buh?
MT : Former WSU TE Aaron Dunn has accepted a scholarship to play basketball at Western WA.
according to their SID
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I've been watching those beautiful clouds all day!!!
:
good morning to you mf!
Dessert For The Homeless, feeds the homeless in the L.A.
community desserts on thanskiging day.
Please help us by donating anything u can.
Green juice 2.
Process is getting easier.
And it's still worth it.
Need the nutrients.
Feel like crap this AM.
imagine austin tweets Austin:i love all my mahomies but i love one girl more and thats yourname : anna
Was practically in tears of frustration watching TinkerTailor et al.
Srsly, just tell me who mole is already...
They're delaying the tribute in the broadcast to keep people watching...its working cuz all I tuned in for was that  adele
So my phone is Japanese again...
and you're just gonna sit there and NOT introduce yourself to the members of Interpol?
In the next 2 yrs applications, data, and capabilities formerly offered by multiple vendors will be available on mobile phones.
where u sitting?
I'm here
I WAS GUNNA RUN AWAY BUT I FORGOT MY PHONE CHARGER...
STILL HOME!
I think people are trending urban.
It was the case when I was in MKE and now in Baltimore.
Rental occupancy downtown here is 97.
After this World Cup, FIFA must implement goal line technology and official replay.
Hi twitter people!!
: I havn't tweeted in so long!!
...Anyway, glad the shitty stream ruined that ending!
Tuff loss but some good signs for sure
Oh damnit RT: : RT Chris Bosh planning to play tonight.
Should be back in New York by this afternoon
I asked my mom for money and she said Does it look like I am made of money?
I said Well that's what M.O.M stands for..
No, thank you!
Your work toward changing perspectives is so admirable!
If we put as much time into  as we did with Angry Birds, we'd be  by now.
CowboysandAliens trailer got by far the biggest reaction of all the trailers before HP7p1..
Lots of cheers ..
i heard Feel So Close at the asian grocery store.
you've made it dude.
Just found out on the 11pm News there was a Free concert at Monument Circle Today, first we heard of it
They say real recognizes real....
But none of you bitches look familiar.
lots of good conversation coming out of the Bailey Homestead tonight..okay Uncertainty, come and get your ass kicked
Everything is happening in my favor.
Just saw someone walking in midtown Atlanta wearing a Caps Ovechkin tshirt.
Almost game time!!
KoE debuff bug fixed!
It was suppose to be PvP Rooms only.
WoE never had the same bug.
Just incase you're guessing that it does.
Then meet somewhere indoors near a park
Ok, well working on an Iowa connection to Ft.
Hood, but def.
will keep you in mind...
Thx again.
I say YES
thought they already did a Dumb  Dumber 2.
It was called Dumb  Dumberer.
E:60, I live in a hotel.
Miss a lot haha
that surrprises me!
RT : Wow : Overall Gaming surpasses email from
Plus NBCSports channel is perfect for Catholic League nonfootball sports.
ND luvs laxtype sports found in ACC.
Cole Adkins our strategic accounting analyst and consultant, has been working around the clock!
Most of us do the same, I think.
Just made plans with cousins, after one passed about a month ago, for the holidays.
awesome!
there is a brand new episode on tonight.
tell bob i said, hey.
He is Amazing he was in the US Florida Miami
Hey women your Father is a King, doesn't that make you royalty?!
You are valuable, precious and beautiful!
Believe that!
haha!
I know the feeling!
:
seriously me too haha
Treasure Box order deadline is tonight at midnight  don't miss out  delivery is July 31/pick a site in SD near you www.thetreasurebox.org
Ill be 22 in a month in a half!
Thinking of Palomino for dinner tonight, but have heard mixed review lately.
Who's been there recently?
Feedback?
My LB and his wife got me great Bday Gift!
I can wait to wear it tomorrow
I woke up confused.
Thought I had a final today then remembered its tomorrow.
I don't take any chances, the last two twittercided before I could.
Tweet, dam U
RT You're heart is serpentine.
:o
Finally have my own laptop.
balls
Late night thinking .
Celtics pulled off that W without Rondo...Looking good fellas
biological processes and environmental interaction.
YOU BRING IT
My 5yo son was running around the house yesterday saying That'll cool the giblets!
in a perfect Scottish accent.
happy mothers day to all the beautiful women that always are there for their childoctorn 3 love you mommy
u too have a fun weekend love my
Buying my warped ticket tomorrow
RT : RT : RT please please pray for my dad who is in hospital : please dm me or just retweet this
Just finished Maybe.
John Locke has done it again.
Buy this book and enjoy it.
Thanks John.
Nala still doesn't understand that if she walks between our feet she will get kicked in the head!
ItSeemsLike the people u like the most u seem to have the most trobble gettin close to
Wishing everyone a very Happy Easter from your friends at Purple Cafe, Lot No.
3, and Barrio...
You really don't know how happy I am to see New Year's Eve trending!
What!!
That is not acceptable!
I'm feeing good today!!
Thankful
French fries  Wendy's frosty perfectcombo 
Im going to go watch all of the ShootUsDown videos and tear up !
They both have grown SO much !
,:  3
IT'S OFFICIAL.
I AM OPENING FOR doctorKE: PARADISE TOUR HERE IN PHOENIX ON MAY 10TH AT THE ASHLEY FURNITURE PAVILION.
HIT ME UP FOR DETAILS
NoDisrespectBut: Personally the Grammy's Performances seemed rushed except for a few.
Would love for Marissa Rodoctorguez Salinas to share her exercise plan!
I know you are going fast and furious!
Do tell!
He met my mum.
;o
Problems solved.
We are open!
Swing by!
soft spot for peter andoctor.
Do we need a fingergate cupcake?
To go to class or not to go t class, that is actually he question.
MT : New on cask is a Firkin of RT 113 IPA....
Also now on regular doctorft as well....
Compare the difference....
Get yo jam on!
June 11th on the lake front: Steve Cohen w/ Greg Koch playing at Gathering Waters Fest.
Free festival.
How fun is that?
same here!!
Totally agree.
I think I like the fact that he plays around with music and just tries different things all the time.
aftr prom, ima start training HARD !
Starting off Sunday with some tasty Cherry Trainwreck from Green Gardens.
The Lucky One is a must see for women!
You planned a vacation so your kids could hang out with Mom?
Maybe I read your tweet wrong.
Heh.
Sorry.
Don't be annoyed at the book...
be annoyed at your Kindle.
I do!
What a shot!
Good morning rain.
You have oerstayed your welcome.
Just saw the Repubs are going to ask for our input into this fall's campaign platform.
I could give them an earfull.
you are such a hater.
Can't wait to knock you off your high horse.
Amen Mike!
People make me laugh:
If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through.
Chinese Proverb
Koch Bros are a fun bunch.
They have loss of memory, selective memory  delusional memory!
Until they get out of politics, we're divided!
Gotta love RHP Nick Petree of MO State..56.2 IP without a earned run and counting!
Company is doing you so proud!
...they are all giving 5000, and bods are top notch!
nary a pointe missed.
sexy.
; namaste'
didyouknow that if you light a candle under the moonlight and say the name of your crush 3 times, you will look really stupid doing that
Be honest with girls.
There beautiful and amazing inside and out.
Never be a jerk.
Never hit or push.
I see you fam proudtweet pass some my way ; : I just hit 100k shawty!!!!!
and I just chopped the nightly!
Very slick!
...and they call this confunktion of meme and melody ART 'n B
of course harry decides to tweet a billion times when I actually leave the house.
of course.
Still need a good facebook app developer.
Got some great ideas but need the brains to make it happen.
Pls contact!
The hallucinated dancing baby?
Devil's work!
Big win for Swansea
We highly recommend the Jolly Roger on South Main St!
played football yesterday with the fam...paying for that today EXTREMELY SORE!
when was the last time I ran like that?
lol
Not a lot more beautiful than a full moon setting down on the horizon.
So today is just a Tuesday.
Yup.
Just a Tuesday.
woke up with the worst headache ever.
Do you use your powers for good or for awesome?
HOW DO YOU TELL THE DIFFERENCE!?
You rocked the mike today at the Economics Trends Breakfast the best speaker  the best shoes in the whole place
Yay!
See you there!
Nice one Pavel:
I love the way my hair looks after I go swimming 3
And it's official...
The Colts take QB Andoctorw Luck with the 1st overall pick in the 2012 NFLdoctorft  next up RGIII, then the fun begins.
Fabulous workshop on the Second Circle from our amazing Zara today!
been there, we did strep test half way to Yellowstone last year, clinic, doctorg store, and we were back on the road
Thanks everyone for the encouragement because I forgot to mention I'm working until 9 tonight : BLLLLAAARGH.
Avoid the mall madness!
Find special gifts like signed books by John Lithgow, John Hodgman  others.
Also save on cookbooks  games at CGB!
Well I'm no longer single xD Ah!
I love my boyfriend ;
Just got to the station to put in some work.
Then off to get a haircut...got to get rid of this afro on my head!
lol
The Martin Institute and FedEx supports the World Peace film.
Check listings at your local PBS station to see when it is airing...
lol one is hotter than the other
RT : BREAKING: Joey Crawford's referee crew has been fired for violating NBA policy by allowing the Heat to lose
Our patients are enjoying a warm neck wrap during their appointment on this cold blistery day!
Hello my friends.
Life is short.
Gotta stop following those who don't follow my tweets.
all apologies, but the river flows upstream with me
this is no secret!
The sad part is most parents accept it!
you going tonight?
Strome will get every opportunity to make the team.
Can see them signing one D and then using one of the kids to fill void.
Why, when you have so much stuff to do, does time go by that much more quickly?
Let me introduce you to the nose whistle : If there is a more beautiful instrument than the violin, I've never heard it.
Iced tea  porch swing  heat lightening show  great show
Thank you for the message.
Are you open to relocation or are you strictly for openings on the island?
Sorry about your ride though.
well now we wont knoee till lyk next week '
Wasting away my life in the Thornton Center
Welcome home  miss you!
Mama's gonna love you for coming this week  give her my best.
I loved the books.
The cartoon, though...
New to me.
And very odd.
wow that is one amazing institution.
Do they also shout when it goes dwn?
halfway to Lexington :::
Hi , do you know anything about account?
I am working on social media for them.
DM me!
Thanks!
where are the good old cardinal wright days?
everything was so easy back then.
Now leaving the bar....we had a ball!!!
You know you did awesome when you hear cheering in the audience.
KLA/SLA Joint Spring Conference great energizer again.
Service and sharing knowledge is what librarians do!
Yep, I got bored :
I can't believe I'm looking at the Falcons?
210 lead in the first quarter?
Thanks for the Twitter love!
nice interview with the author.
Fascinating book
Americans consume now three times the information they did in 1960  More information outlets, yes; but more spare time to read as well?
: It's not a fear of rejection, it's a fear of losing selfesteem.
Solution: Get your esteem from within, not random strangers.
we see you.
.
ain't no time for play'in
I Wish i Had Somebody Who Cared  
Electric mass mobility for urban environments
Bishop, will u be reairing the discussion with young preachers that you had today?
i missed it!
Thank you to everyone who came out and supported us at CEC's Derby Day at this past Saturday!
Over 600 was raised for CEC!
Me  my friends go around singing My Name Is by The Seduction Boys all the time, yeah we're cool like that;
k I followed.
Upon leaving Fort Sumter, I returned to the Charleston Hotel.
It was time for me to depart lest I became the war's first casualty.
It's always a good idea to wear sunscreen.
Be prepared for lots of sunshine this summer at Rawhide Ranch!
Pageant emails, finishing my Miss SC International application and enjoying the BEAUTIFUL day!
Okay lets hope he says it and follows .
on both my accounts
no problem!
C2C My favorite part about the holidays is spending time with family and getting to open all the awesome gifts!
:
Heat will finish off the Knicks tonight n not pull a bitch Laker move
I heard S.
Lee tweeted the wrong addoctorss!
What an assclown!!
ahh I think it's cuz I haven't ate all day .
Ah that's sucks I would sleep all day lol
My 6 year old gave me a doctorwing of him giving me a heart while a bad guy tries to eat the heart.
I it so much.
Thanks Downtown!
Chuck Cape's solo piano Christmas Album is now on solopiano.com.
Several selections are also on The Stream!
Assoc of Research Libraries statistics: 40 of books never checked out.
Libraries can't afford any more.
Finished working out now to shower :
wbagala don't call her Karen but Karin Swanson wins for Best Weathercast.
He gives us beauty for ashes....I'll take that trade :
I'll have to go back to my notes at home.
i love the song my billy currington like my dog!
I guess that's alright with me.
:
dharma says, Of all the fragrances  sandal, tagara, blue lotus and jasmine  the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest.
locbit allows advertisers to reach customers by location and only charges when your ad is interacted with
Happy Martin Luther King Day!!
DeSeve at activateNYC12 supporting opengov slate, eg DATA Act  DoD public online oversight data should generally be open by default...
These days I attempt to do nice things for ppl w/out an agenda.
Sadly, the majority never say thx.
Take the time to thank people around you!
Somebody call a towetruck, cuz this a fucking breakdown.
I just emailed and explained how has ruined my week!
tombstones don't talk back.
Thanks for the inspiration.
7 / 7/77
Studio for the 2nd time this week!
:
First task of the day: writing bios for my panel next week at ASJA2012.
Starting to get excited.
140108 Hillary Clinton
I don't mind waking early...
still going to bed around 10pm and waking up around 4 or 5am.
have fun girl!
I was going to go but Law, then Sugar then Law would have killed me!!!
lol priorities
I pinned it, and then felt ashamed of it.
: Power suit, power tie, power stare what?
Mom dukes is stopping thru later little does she know I got one rolled up for us I miss our sessions
: After graduation , I'm burning ALL of my uniforms !
Haha, why??
can't wait for you guys to go live.
Already told my friends and we're eagerly anticipating the launch
Me to.
But i hope i will one day.
I haven't seen my bestfriend all day :' WHERE ARE YOU??
You mad bro?
I aint even mad :
WOO HOO!!!
Minnesota is awaiting the arrival of our new QB  Dallas!
So psyched 4 Vikes football!
Ahh Ok Are u Madd At me Srry for all the things I told u
I love finding new music, but I get frustrated when I look at some mixtapes bc I can't tell the artists name from the title of the song...
Oops, thought I was searching, not tweeting!
Still getting used to my doctorid.
Beauty isn't caused.
It is.
Emily Dickinson
good stuff, was hoping to At least shake ur hand tonight  greet but Apparently Webster needs new definition of meet
hey pa!
How was your day?
Testing is finally over
RT : Just made my first slapbet with Is he scared?
I think so.// HEY!
I'm not scared...Okay maybe a little!
most minutes he's played I.
his career..
haha doubtful but man, what an ass whoopin'
Tminus 30 minutes!!!
Our ovens are heating up, hot, fresh, and FREE cookies in store from noon til sundown today!
Please RT!
I called ahead and grilled them about it.
: They do an amazing job preventing cross contamination.
I was impressed!
people are funny..definitions and boundaries are human constructs that help us feel better about choices we make.
life is relative to rt now
Thanks for the RT...
that picture just slays me.
lol
Dont believe everything you hear, Real eyes, realize real lies
I miss your face!
haha love it
Well..
I'm pretty sure I'm caught up on sleep now.
Time to crank out some homework before class at 4:30
Join/Check INSIDER 4 psychologists who are players in San Diego's Fam.Law system like doctor.
Love  Steve Doyne Need to CHANGE this system!
Im HereForNaya people do such stupid and rude things to get attenition..
stop acting like a bitch towards Naya..
Report him please
one door closed because i closed it , now a bigger and better 1 just opened back uplordknows lockouts over see u in febr
You're not on my list of things to do because I've already done you ;p
ye talk later dude!
Love is the selfdelusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex.
I would watch Ron Paul va.
Newt Gingrich all night.
I effing love it.
Hunger Games again
Well that makes sense that the Patriots could force the fumble.
they have 12 guys on the field.
That's not fair
All company meeting at 11.
Always great to get everyone together.
Your a hot mess and I'm falling for you and I'm like HOT DAMN let me make you my boo ;
Congrats!
That's great news.
Have fun.
Sorry, pride, for using a picture of Demi Lovato as my model for the hair stylist today.
Yes the Suns t lol.
I don't want to hear it.
Aww.
Thank you for being sweet to my girl.
:
Spinach smoothie: spinach, banana, red grapes, cayenne, cinnamon, vanilla, and ice.
Holy shit this is delicious!!!
I voted for Germany
can't wait!
Hope I can be a part of it w attagirl or !
WHAT?!
Where's my StarWars peeps at yo?
No backup anywhere...
they're a quiet bunch, but strong in the force
Haven't been tweeting lately.
Too many hours spent crunching tax numbers...
Dear Los Angeles.
All of June is packed.
So if you need pictures, lets do this now!
Boomtown
Packers gonna put away Da Bears and A rod is gonna snatch Kristen Cavilari from Cutler the crybaby!
Ok im awake.
YouWereCuteUntil You Pulled Out Your Flip Phone...
you will :
another innovation from Indigo Tree Publishing  the doubletwitter
Had an AMAZING shoot with ANTM Cycle 14 finalist yesterday!
Can't wait to share with the world.
Stay tuned!!!
WeKnowTheDJ HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
: .x
The guy who stops the clock on the ice in Nashville after plays should be flensed.
SB 1458 would facilitate SBE guidance to look at other school accountability measures like graduation rates
Appreciate the kind words...
Thank you, sir.
's showin'photos of louisiana farmers at Cathedoctorl Creative Studios, 527 Julia, 69p.
Also local snacks on sale.
Yup, now it's a Twific but I'm changing it  making the writing better I can send u the the prologue, would love your opinion :
There you go!
thebelt lives in Green Bay, but lets just say I'm surrounded by Steelers fans.
hallelujah praise jeebus!
I want to be doctornk all day Friday.
Ring in the summer right!
Missed Dark Star Orchestra FML Missed Umphrey's McGee DamnImDumb If I miss Yonder Mountain String Band too, I'm going to chop my ears off
Chapstick  lipliner.
Hm...
Intriguing makeup tip from SP via tinafey  Bossy Pants.
Audio version is dangerously funny while doctorving...
Getting soap in your eyes  dear god.
I blame people for getting songs stuck in my head.
Peter Kuntz: Observation on conference: struck by shift in the conference from the static to the dynamic.
Hatley Branch Library Seniors Christmas Party Tues, Dec 6th 123p.
Bingo, Live Music, Caroling.
Potluck bring a dish to pass and a 2 gift.
Nah...
LA rocks!
Where else can you be at the beach one minute and in the snow 2 hours later?
:
Do we really need to be told low sperm count is the lead cause of infertility?
Isn't that kind of a DUH :
i was like the first one in our grade to have one
Why do I always cry during oscar Acceptance speeches?
Pretty lame
I'm sure he's referring to your work a a bartender
Fans, pumps and cleaning supplies are in stock.
Eww that shit doukie In that shirt!!!
Tyler the Creator : is AMAZING
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 49
great!
i have to talk to Gale to for permission.
ill certainly go if funds are available and i am accepted.
go follow she well be the happy girl on earth if u do .!!!!!!!!!!!please
YOUR FUTURE: You said you were going to be stronger this time, but already you're crumbling.
What to do?
Less I'd say.
Crumble with panache
I took 4th place, the wife is happy of course lol!
I hope to maybe see you at the WSOP if I qualify on UB.
I GOTTA GO AT NIGHT THO
Agreed!
Waiting ages for the new release.
RT : now playing on : new , disparate youth.
i love it so much.
hookers keep a little stress relieve for many!!
I think hookers are awesome and without us the world wouldn't be the same:
If you dont know where you are going, youll end up someplace else.
oh rob is freaking awesome!
Too funny!
Dont start speaking w/a summery, like I know what ur going2talk about.
U won't have my attention the rest of speech.
Whats with you and making look a likes?
THE ROOOCCCCCKKK!!!!!
Yea
AUDITIONS in 5 days  NYC LEATEA Theatre Auditions for Sweet Charity, Jesus Superstar, and Midsummer for ages 1321 Spread the word!
GURL I NEW U D!D.
We had a great time with everyone at last night's Sauces  Stocks class.
The baked mac  cheese and Sauce Maltaise were delicious!
Never let your philosophy outweigh your humanity.
Phillip and Josh please!
That would be amazing!
Great idea :D
thx u 4 supporting Ann Romney had a LOT of help raising those boys unlike most stay  home moms!
What is it about a fresh haircut that can make anyone's day better.
There is no place reserved in hell for the women who formed this group.
Heaven awaits.
Ask Madeline Albright.
happy belated birthday!!!
I hope it was amazing!!!
Thanks, Bill!
Canada goose niggas
As someone not above using hyperbole to make a point, I agree: arugula should NOT be compared to your mom's snatch
thanks : will do
aw mann i miss my best friend ;/
Philly Sports: Devils make most of their wait between rounds
I want to be the best Claire Norris that ever lived :
haha.
well i won't be around kids but i gotta keep it PG13 or under.
Good Night Be Blessed!
Taking the next two days!!!
:
I'm super nice if you're nice to me.
But fuck stubborn bitches.
Great to have you a part of SoloPiano.com Isaac!
good luck getting me off the ski lift too..
I can't even ice skate  how will I ski?!
this is an awesome blog!
Gr8 pts.
2 many get caught up in when the next meal is instead of allowing food 2 function as fuel
3 Jack Daniels Tall Cocktails at Vitucci's today!
Plus FREE Toppers Pizza at 11pm!
1832 E North
What are the girls in HBO's Girls talking about half the time?
They talk through sex, through doctors visits and through meals.
Azure now has 148 likes.
We need more
The LORD said to Moses, Speak to the Israelites and say to them: After you enter the land I am giving you as a home and you present to...
lol at least u admit ur an alcoholic
doctorPotenza is a great and inspiring person.
Such a great experience visiting the Burn Center
Is happy everywhere...
Night friends...
omg i'm begging you!!!
www.igoopon.com TODAY'S DEAL  10 for 20 Worth of Coupon  Swish Japanese Hot Pot
It's great!
// RT : I'm on the waiting list!
The Bucks are probably the WORST team I've ever seen in clutch situations.
How many times have they not even got a shot off on th last play?
Another Friday night off.....
tweet doctorams space cadets shizzy.
going going gone!
If there was a US Department of Job Creation and it was successful, its results would overwhelm the success of Dept of State or the DoD
The fuck is this bullshit, I wake up at 2:30pm, look out the window  there is snow everywhere!
Mother nature to tricky bitch.
Oh, how I miss your wit.
:
How r u today
I can't wait to hear the new album and see you guys at Warped!
So stoked!
3
No defense awful offense I mean give me a positive td is awful at pg it's tough to watch
Sabres raising tix prices!
And the haven't won a playoff series in how long?
Peter Jackson is a New Zealander, isn't he...
another colonist...
like you...
lol
Savings Tip: I don't even bother 2 u the washcloth just spray the softner right on the clothes from the washer.
works great
I think the first movie was way better
Balderdash.
The party started when you showed up Chris!
has a way of kicking things into overdoctorve is all.
Slow motion for me!!!
I think I'll Have Another would be a terrific Obama campaign slogan.
Another term that is.
is becoming one of the coolest radio stations I've heard in YEARS.
Playing SO MUCH GOOD PDX music!!
THANK YOU.
It sounds like during the fight the operator came out to deal with what was going on.
How many people use constant groups that work together over long period of time?
sschat wondering how those dynamics work.
well 4 u cuz u see him like 24/7 and his house xD i havent seen him once!!
cant get on bro internet messin
Let's go Ohio State
Feeling good on this beautiful day!!!
John, forgot to mention that I need you for the Irish part of The International Toast.
Give a classic Irish message..
eos volkswagen used Used VW Eos SPORT car for sale  145 ...
Happy New Year from all of us to all of you!
May all your goals and doctorams come true in 2012!
Good Morning, Twitter Friends.
I hope you all slept well.
great job this morning!
Great Photo!
We hope you had a good time!
Coming home to a new car after the SATS is the best feeling in the world 
200 gas card up for grabs tonight!
Be sure to watch Ten at 10:00 tonight!
Enter Costco at your own risk.
we should make a tourist bingo
if it make you feel better, I had pancakes for dinner.
I would love to tomorrow but going to the caps game.
I do think we need a wildbeernight in the near future.
But as a parent, it is a scary thing.
Everything in nature is perfect  at peace except to humans.
We missed the mark of perfection while everything else continued as created.
hahaha hey I need my coffee before I deal with middle school childoctorn!
Lol
The theme of this year's conference is The Amazing World of Magical Thinkers.
Learn more at www.GravityFreeDesign.com
Best game of Jenga I've ever seen!
Are the Broncos actually going to win this game?
Kill me.
Kill me now.
Rainy day.
Glad to be here though!
After 2 days off back to work tomorrow TGIF!!!!!
just stop
boy im up to my 30th tweet WOW AM I NEW TO THISS!!!!
need help feelingbad!!
My boys gave me my moneys worth!
SWEEP: captainin Kirk helps the Mets put it in the books!
Trying to make room reservations for neighborhood association meetings but email to failed.
Help?
I need a gf that is not going to cheat
Catching up on tv.
lol appreciate it man..I know it's ridiculous haha
Tinker tailor soldier spy: understated, like the book, to the point of being comatose, and yet the end is most gratifying.
See it.
Hi there Totango
its amazing!
Enjoy  travel safely!
I love
i'm going to do one of those fancy inforgraphiks!!!
I don't like when people poke me on Facebook, doesn't feel right.
:/
If I remember our 2nd date correctly, hot Starbucks coffee didn't treat you too well either.
PS: Boy, embrace your decision!
Awkward...Like my terrible misspell to you the other day  I'm so sorry Dom
so true.
I do!
: I wonder if you think of me as often as I think of you between 2 and 6 in the morning almost everyday.
My Moma always said life was like a box of chocolates.
You never know what your gonna get
gonna have you two pissed at me and Bob Rigby too haha
Who will police the police is a fundamental question for all societies?
The man is a thug...
There is a really nice article about our reopening on the cover of today's American Israelite.
join me on July 23rd for some great brews.
Oh yeah!
Here we go!
Have had 140cuse streaming in the background most of the day and it makes me a proud alum.
LOVE YOUR GIFTS, Mike!
Keep singing!
You are blessing and giving HOPE.
Bless you!!
she is the reason for the grid lock who r they kidding?!
: 2 down an im probably gonna eat 40 more LOL!
lol....imagine this am when they came in hot...oh ma gah!
Sorry, friend!
: We can get through the day!
Super productive meeting with and on the lookout for news!
I know!
I've been making my almost naked YouTube videos.
You guys have to see those.
: RT : gonna go walking watching Ed and Maddow leave feeling very angry!
My yearbook picture is hdhdjrgfjckdoctorskd ;o I don't like it.
Its just me, myself, and I and motherfuckers that I came with.
kneels before Jason Aldean poster......
I will be patient kind faithful and true.
To a man who loves music a man who loves art respects the spirit world and thinks with his heart
Groupon's best customers recommend Groupon to all their friends.
Maybe you do?
I remember Walker said lebron was over rated....I think not!
You are so awesome as doctor Hill!
Saw you for 2nd time last night.
Your character, the way you physicalize it, voice  great!
dailyfeedback Dick Clark has died.
To honor his legacy, send songs heard on American Bandstand.
Results  4:20pm on 91.3fm.
I love the smell of strategic planning in the morning.
Just 3 more days till I see him : 3 
I ate now I'm sleepy, see it works
Just heard John Leutner give the best presentation i have ever heard on learning org transformation; I am blown away!
Republicans need to be at the polls in November to take back our Nation.
Vote!
Vote!
ight
oh ok that's what's up.
Yea I think so
My juicy lips...
still you never know hit up my phone next time
i'm thinking beach in a little while...
Ivy, this is so kind and thoughtful of you.
I'm so flattered!
Thank you!
My little Man gone with his Mom.
Officially Bored.
Unfortunately, I was tied up last night.
I hope the show went well!
So hungry.
Still have an hour left of this stupid class!
I tried to go back to sleep but only managed 30 minutes before Monday worries woke me up again.
The adversity and set backs revels itself in a verify of ways.
Often times the creation of our own faulty thinking.
Last minute costume shopping?
Check this out: Trendy Halloween costumes for 2011
checked in, checked out, checkmate
One of the main advantages of VCube software is that it is available at cheaper rates.
It is a very easy to use.
Love how I bought a good amount of food that need milk, butter, etc in order to make it.
But did I buy those?
Of course not.
Fml
Thanks !
Only felt old when I realized this is the 4th  all the kids will have childoctorn in a few months.
Grey hairs appearing
Pleasantly surprised at how easy the airport has been today...
I wanna get tatted .
.
dance party!
Thx!
: Author FF writes childoctorns booksand supports autism.
One of my fav Twitter finds!
Follow  see.
lol foreal!
You were born in the wrong year haha.
I look more like your age  you look like mine.
if this isn't a joke we should talk.
2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him 21
Who wants to meet the Pittsburghsuperhero at the Steelers game
is on his shit with the music
Just got home, people just left...tryna see what plans I got
With Wine and Hope, anything is possible!
weekend is over.
Back to the grind, wishing I was at
Does Ivy tech have a fight song?
oh my goodness, my whole right arm is sore from writing!
And I have watched enough Law and Order to make anyone paranoid!
aww, you're the best!
miss you already!
O man I can't wait to eat some fucking oatmeal for lunch
At just made my Day
we've known each other SO longdont see each other offen but we talk :
Yup RT : I need to get a list of all DMV NT on here.
hahah that was so funny, I would've died of embarrassment if it were me .
What is your favorite time of year?
Mine is summer time.
I love being active outdoors.
i had the best lunch period in a while.
The ten crack commandments 
Miriam Posner: faculty, stop saying there will be academic jobs; students, make better school/program choices
good night tommorow make something of yourself life is to short
hope he gets well soon!!!!!!
3 UNC players entering doctorft, when is EA sports gone bring the NCAA hoops game back?
White Sox looking awful against Red Sox, hopefully not a sign of how we will fair all season vs elite teams.
Can't sneak in like that.
Thanks for the RT Stephen!
Hey, i hope u feel better!:
Arrogance is SICKENING.
Pride is repulsive.
Vanity is rampant.
mitch daniels  the Johnsn Cnt govt r repulsuve, sickening, arrogant,  vain
yeah but some people from my school got the paper results today i guess
Realizing things too late 
Might be ditching the inears for the next show.
If we do, it's gonna get loud...which is awesome.
Fund established for family of Officer Timothy Brenton.
Donate  any Bank of America branch: Brenton Family Assistance Fund.
ec
not enough hours in the day to play.
It feels really incredible to walk into my store and see that coffee has been flying off the shelves.
Nothing stays the same....
glad to see you here!!
Me too, my addiction goes beyond English too RT : Confession: I enjoy looking at, collecting other syllabiis...
Audition Tip: The things that make you what are also make you what you're not.
bridesmaids doctorss and rehersal dinner doctorss, check.
still can't believe my best friend is getting married.
Yes see you tomorrow!
: Love that 1 sandwich deal.
Does Ohio/St Clair still count as a loop location?
i need to tweet more!
so here it is: I'm going on a 2 mile run today holla  eugene
Congrats on becoming an uncle again!!!
congrats on completion  good luck, hope to see you at pilus cc
At this country spot called LJ's.
Off the hook y'all
Why is it so cold in this apartment
fell off today assholes..
Why not, its Tuesday?
Everyday is a new beginning.
Treat it that way.
Stay away from what might have been  look at what can be
Starting up the Greening Your Library workshop with Kathryn Miller.
Agreed.
It's a major shift in traditional thinking, especially with 4 generations in the work force.
you mean shooting threes from five feet behind the line with a guy in your face is not an offense?
to health and prosperity!
Congrats to our friends at evanston homebrew society  for their 3rd place at beer hoptacular.
You got people that surround you They gone try they best to down you .
Keep them squares up out your circle
Come on, Chiefs, win this game!
Andoctorw Luck...lmao!!!
having this come up in my superbowl laden feed  the best
I wanna see morissey in concert next Tuesday : 33333333
WHO HAS AN iPAD AND LIVES IN LA??
Joan Cusack turns 49 today.
She was the principal in School of Rock.
Awesome.
Sleep is for people with no internet connection.
sweat pants and comedy...
Yeah, the single life is rad!
Try it with a nice syrah.
I love Andy Pettitte, but we've got enough Brett Favres in the world.
Why are stories so funny??
Haha
I don't know any that serve Four Loko, but you may be able to find some decent beer places.
thanks for the plug.
Ya and Great combo
It couldn't be any less convenient than parking at airports!
I already think I'll love it!
RT How do u know the media supports President's position on gay marriage?
It's not a flipflop; it's a historic decision
u ate them all and don't give non to
Solid performance in lib work experience  good references are as good as personalnetworking I think.
Just my 2 cents.
Round the rocks the rugged rascal ran
Yep, test raped me.
Love Has No Gender.
Excited to be attending dinner party at Mayne Stage
hellz yes!!
i missed them last time they played a reunion show.
3 Bob Nanna
he is next to me lol
Carlon Brown has been a man on a mission during the Pac12Tourney.
If wins he is clear MVP.
Hope is a waking doctoram.
Aristotle
Broncos just scored yahhh come in for the Game Special 35 an 8th All Top Shelf Strains
The best way to explore a city is with your own eyes and feet.
friday dude.
I am not sure about the hairfall.
So over it.
he's giving him potty mouth!
RT : funny is pretending to be son  we're going along
Prepping for the Leadeship Retreat!
Our girls are in for two days of intensive workshops on leadership, teambuilding, and
yeah it's about that time ; this baby going down for a nap
Sharla is really pouring it on St Johns.
7 shots, 2 on with a goal.
Keep it up Bulls!
Hey, at least now we know Harry's not dating Lily Halpern ;
Am I the only 1 who thinks Impractical Jokers is not that funny?
I think you need to be in touch w ur masculine side 2 enjoy it.
:
meet me in the hall way
Saddened by yesterdays passing of JohnArnold former CEO of food bank in Comstock park MI.
Tremendous innovator and food bank mentor.
RIP.
Im such a criminal.
Truly sobering!
I had the match on the TV, but I fell asleep upstairs.
Just woke up  saw your tweet!
Home from SpiritsofMexico!
So many new tequilas...wonder how many will be around in another year.
Down to the wire finishing Knock, Rising, and Rings.
Allnight edit party!
JO
Well, I guess that's good??
All the best, sir!
Thanks for the follow Rich!
Gotta say, I am at a loss for where the browns go right now
doctorpalCon I am inside you.
ThatAwkwardMoment when you run into your friends ex...
Thanks for the SunStandStill mention.
We hope you are enjoying the book.
Have a blessed day.
staff
Anyone have biz card recommendations that aren't moo or vistaprint ?
Great chance encounter with and this evening.
15 minutes of instant mood awesomeness.
I'm insecure, I know what for.
I'm not Danielle, 32, or Eleanooor
hahah what a cutie
Advisory Board recommends privatization of Winchester House service
I should really have more confidence in myself  not assume worst when professorholds my paper back to discuss after class.
I wanna stay because its so beautiful but all of the no trespassing signs tell me I gotta go.
I mean...
I love Jesus too.
Ladies, realize that being sexy has less to do with how u look, and more about how u feel.
CNN Is Terrible.
Here39;s Why.
Enjoying my favorite day of the week, Saturday!
Writing, hanging with Tay and Trav.
was it the soft cooked egg or layers of bacon and grilled onions and aioli that finally turned it to bloodsport for you?
love you 3
jake schirmer it was your birthday yesterday
It's NATO time!
Please note that the , , and will be closed to the public May 19May 21.
There is a Yoga class at the Campus Center and Aerobics class at PE 156 at Noon.
Great ideaRT : I'd love to figure out how 2 rotate inside of iPhone camera so can hold it portrait but shoot in landscape.
Stealthy
I'm a Gmen fan so I love it
shit defense on that clearance.
not like there's a trophy at risk, ffs, Ajax
If we let good things into our lives, we'll get our needs fulfilled.
It's up to us to open the door to the goodness we deserve  welcome it.
Thank you for taking the time to come speak to us at last night!
I made this acount becouse i love Austin.
we are learning a lot from it LOL RT: how's that education lottery going?
Showoff.
Yay!
Michael/Maria baby.
I like that.
Did Kyle and Izzy end up together?
Make it a great day!
Turkey bowl in the morning!
Me and are doctorssing to impress!
regardless it's the funniest thing I've ever heard
haha that is very true but I still remember being awed by how awesome the game was to me lol
Things are going great!
I start my career soon man.
I'm psyched!!!!
Ok, Wednesday, you won.
I'm going to bed.
Prince, she had used condoms in her pocket.
There's no night of the week that makes that alright.
i'd miss talking to u too 3
Many Republicans  some Democrats are pushing entitlement reform.
Do U believe that Social Security is an entitlement or something earned?
Wonderful!
Just what we like to hear.
Haha it would be better if you where here to warm me up!!!
Watch this space for a quick competition to win a 1hr professorssional Tarot reading over the weekend on www.shindigtarot.com
Im ok now lol
lol how Long have u had twitter for lol?
can I be in ur story?
I've been watching way too much 24 lately to be on this sketchy little plane 
I know people will have their own opinions but really.
You're gonna try to put a republican back in office so things will NEVER get better?
New Costume Stone Age Style Men s Wrist Bands
I jus hate everything bout it
you got it!
It's almost swimsuit season let Epicurean Lite help get you swimsuit ready!
Place your order online www.epicureangroup.net
It's not even my birthday
Did you mizz me
thank you!:
If some asshole cuts u off or won't let u get over its because the doctorver is Hasidic.
I love watching parents fail with technology :
; I knew what you meant.
Agreed!!
RT : Nothing better than spending time with the family.
I got up remembering to thank him, better things to do do I start doctornking
It's the little things: wipe content from circing ipads AND the devices themselves.
Get those clorox wipes ready!
Hiya Friends!
So many amazing things happened in Albuquerque this weekend.
Which one did you participate in?
Lots of ownership news this AM.
Saints Owner Tom Benson to buy NO Hornets; Maloofs to file relocation  don't like arena deal?
Excited for the trip to Boyne, MI.
spotted the local rodgun club.
Benelli in hand, just wish I had a bk lab 2 match
The worst feeling is when someone makes you feel special, then suddenly leaves you hanging, and you have to act like you don't care at all.
wehobigread We have a book discussion group today at 7pm and on Saturday a panel discussion on Art and Activism.
...experts?
The darkness of early morning will sadly be obvious on Monday.
Wanna squeeze 'till it squeaks!/ RT : Quack!
So what do you think of our duck face?
...
Sounds like this is Hokum..
You have very round and shapely boobs.
They're pleasant.
Great week of networking.
Met with Joe Kennedy this AM.
What a great guy!
Started Eastside Entrepreneurs.
Check it out!
Thanx Joe!!!
i have the urge to play freddie fish right now.
Hey Halloween is tomorrow, so enthused, I am going to be a...
KILLJOY ya!
I'm afraid to sit anywhere now because I might break the chair.
yes they is amen thank ya Jesus I heard it on the radio  I miss big tiga too that would be a good combo 
You did great :
We would love to!!tell us more!!
Eating McDonald's.
Yum.
love the new kicks
Flyers lost, this guy is sad and disappointed : well heading home to watch the new Fact or Faked: Paranormal Files on my DVR!!
Just watched Game Change, it's a mustsee.
I'll never be perfect.
Could you spare an invite for me?
I would be eternally grateful.
Thanks for hosting!!!
We had a great time  were so happy to be a part of
I want my copy of whatever now not later tonight.
yup same
love sucks.
3 years single and not looking/wanting anyone after being played Girl told me she love someone dead more
Hello hello
I can't stop refreshing the Marketplace to see if 2.1 has populated.
I can't wait!!
better start catching upBH
Just running the Urbanspoon reservation lottery for Ludobites.
again has something up her sleeve .
.
.
Mitt sat in his church  had his kids baptized there?: : LDS CULT leader sex w/young girls?
If you call out Rev.Wright,
Crapola!!!!!
No RoseNo good.
RT: : When Jerry Reinsdorf makes a trip to Bulls locker room after the game, it's not a good sign.
The risotto with artichokes I just had us quite possibly the greatest thing in the history of eating.
We are a proud member of the Pittsburgh Music Alliance check out the new website at www.pittsburghmusicalliance.org.
you too.
But he doesnt know that :P
you minx.
It's been a while since I wore a bustier.
thank you...
A little startled but you helped!
The Memphis locations will always have a special place in my heart but the NYC restaurant is a new fave!
Frank knew that no man had ever crossed the desert on foot and lived to tell about it.
So, he decided to get back in his car and
Social media blackout over.
The Avengers was epic and awesome and worth the wait.
If you think otherwise your opinion is wrong.
thanks for everything meet some more T6B leaders:
Mexico First x24 was abt quake tsunamis  nuclear6 mos later was Japan; now x24 Mexico effort 2 help Mexico  didhuge credit to NORTHCOM
You go girl!
Happy Women's Equality Day ladies :
hiring poultry ohio production manager email resume to for more info
THANK YOU to all who offered up advising me they loved their Alphasmart.
I ordered it.
LOVE MINE!!!
Dude about to cry
that's what's up!
Get it in sweety!
This is a test to see how HootSuite Works!
fine, but how do people know we are together if we aren't tweeting?
Econ will be the death of me.
If you want to be a guest on Dark After Thoughts please email me at or .
doennig.
I missed her class for track.
So I'm behind on the brochure
wasn't being very nice to me after practice 
It's a GREAT day to be ALIVE!
You're hair is so long!
It's krazy how God Work
With maple syrup instead of ketchup.
Our brochures and swag have been flying off the table by the entrance to the expo.
If you have q's, tweet us!
got a 60 on my geometry test today...
you can't trust nobody in this world, not even your own shadow!
Patron needed help getting online.
May we be safe, may we be happy, may we be healthy, may we be calmlovingkindness,
so we're standing up red shirt black shirt
Mobile technology initiative, Anderson U.
all freshmen get an iPad
Hawks playing with confidence.
Not intimidated by Bulls.
Whether they play smart enough is another issue.
All the pieces matter.
Lester Freamon
What would you do if you had an infinite amount of money??
does this mean you're gonna marry Charles?
Does fuzzy logic tickle?
Great to know about the new playhouse!
Thanks!
I can't believe you are a senior
hoping you all will be submitting Gallaudet.
How do we make that happen?
if Stat did permanent tendon damage, would the contract become voidable since it was nongame, nonpractice, self inflicted?
Lala I'm not listening.
conversation continues Wait what did she say!?
Can't wait to hear it bro!!
You keep me inspired..
Peace
Lmaooo!
Thanks boo!!!
'Does information theory have a scale problem?'
MyFavMichaelJacksonLyric has to be  Anne Are You Okay ?
lmao
Celebrating by having lunch with my honey !
coconut shrimp, grouper creole, wine, Caribbean breeze...
My tweeting will be cut down 50 during the next week due to Diablo 3.
OK lol RT : Come Travel with Me

unknownWhere there's a will, there's a way
WW Thank you for the RT!
Hope all is wonderful in your world :
That never works
that's pretty much what I heard
At least two jurors appear to be crying alongside Traci Lopez as she testifies about the wreck caused by Julie Ann Bronson  it's aftermath.
dang lol I don't know that's a good question aha..but you still coming to my party so it don't matter lol
Forever jamming to cute is what we aim for in my room.
where can I buy swagg?
3 years with Bar Louie  what a ride!
Find something you can dedicate yourself to and life takes on a whole new purpose.
Wife, child, job.
Oops.
My bad.
Still a dull name.
RT hate to break this to you but other stores carry Nice brand name products also.
I don't wanna see there.
Let's switch places.
May Have Made Sum Dumb Mistakez But I Neva Been A Weak MINDED FemaleMama DidntRaiseNoFool
Bieber respect man.
Wish I had some juicy lips n a pretty face rollin up this loud for me :/
MBA candidates are currently hearing back from Kellogg!
Good luck to those who have applied!
i wanted to send fanmail but I have no idea where to send it lol can you tell me??
and please follow?
ForeverAMahomie :
ok so what r u doing tomorrow?
I am also close to my goal of sleeves.
The urge doesn't go away.
Ever.
Blazer tix up for grabs!!
Who what's them 59
Not embarrassed that I just sang high enough and highway to the danger zone at the top of my lungs on the way home
Watching the darknight can't wait for the next one to come out this summer
yeah i know you have been...dont worry everything will work out in your favor in the end.
no pressure!!!!
You could be my girl girl girl, and I'll still love you if you ruled the world world world.
it's ok tara, i still love you!!
POLL: Jim Jarmusch films.
Love 'em?
Don't like 'em?
Indifferent?
Tim and Matt here are of differing opinions.
What do you think of the guy?
I'm near Dallas Texas doing a film shoot for Friday's restaurant, it's called Friday's Night Live, we film 3 full episodes for each day of 
Last year bought Thxsgiving Day H.S.
football tix  gave them away  retail,no purchase necessary.
thatscool via
Ok, just had bartender throw her bra at me while she was working.
And I'm not at Coyote Ugly.
So its actually an accomplishment.
is my favorite!
NO ONE can move like her, she is insanely talented and gorgeous too
newnordstrom now red
RushLimbaugh Sponsor Exodus Hits 34 as Sandoctor Fluke Fallout Continues.
Cue up your queue, NetFlix is OUT!
Bravo !
Congrats to slake contributor for being a livingston award finalist!
You deserve it!
Should have been premeditated first degree because he pursued.
But atleast they are doing something.
I knew a guy in college who made it through an entire summer break on 50 of threeforabuck macaroni  cheese he bought in June.
Simply put I pray for the families of the victims of
yay sunshine!!
Happy Friday Bev!!
Hope you have a great day and an amazing mother's day weekend!!
Just landed role in a feature.
7 shorts all set in a coffee shop.
My segment is written by blanche Baker.
I play a lesbian author.
How now!
How to refine a rain garden  Minneapolis Star Tribune
This morning I woke up with a moment of true peace.
It was wonderful.
Then reality set in.
Tomorrow I shall try to make peace last longer.
The 1 reaped 93 of 288 Bil in new income created in 2010; 93 of 288b not enough to create jobs!!
More tax breaks says GOP!
Well hi there again ; yes I'm still here but I'm slowly falling asleep so :o xoxo 
i never tried it, i've been wanting to..but i do like couscous!
why when i have olive ; lol the love of my life duh delanie xD
tired..
had a good day 2day :
I know exactly where that is i am going to be out at emerald isle just for a little vacation soon
I have always noticed that whatever faction i choose on a server it is always the under dog, i suck at picking factions/servers
have you tried animoto for those?
It's fun and easy!
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
Don Marquis
NBC knows that everyone that watches Community doesn't have shit to do on Friday night.
Watching my bball CATS in august!!
Banks are nixing ATM withdoctorwal fees!
I now don't have to spend 10 to get 20!
Thank You
now following
The 2010 Raymond R Collection No 7 Field Blend is good but improves with time Red cherries, good color, tangy upfront, no finish.
Thumbs up
The Lord is my rock, my fortress, and my deliver Psalm18:2
no, that was my thriving artist tweet for the week.
I read that line in an interview for Wesley's retrospective at P.S.1.
Can't wait!!
You are definatley my idol no doubt about it!!!
Love you Demi my lifes been changed all because of you:
love you mother monster!
we need you here in nyc again to give us strenght again!
That one person who thinks everyone likes them when really, no one does
Dont know if I could ever be Without you Cause boy you complete me And in time I know that well both see That were all we need 3
Though your heart feels like it has been shattered into pieces, over time your heart will heal and fix itself.
i wish i had a friend like he is so sweet and caring3
Thanks I'll follow Always appreciate great print design
shoulda just said it.
This is the saddest Game 7 the Lakers have been involved in since 2006.
Hell, it's sadder.
They tell the djs and producers they got them and don't even publish the work
thomas dean and i are djing tonight at the box.
we are also valentines.
isn't' that cute?
anderson went to Caltoo easy!
Lol
I can change a car's oil and brakes.
I can mount a tv to a wall and build a book shelf from scratch.
And I'm a bottom.
Lol
It's Friday!
We hope our Twitter family has the best weekend!
having road rage in my bus
Is it on Netflix?!
I wanna watch!
An account with 1,700 followers is verified.
I have 2150, where's my fucking checkmark?
In Houston for the weekend?
Make sure you visit us today, tomorrow we are closed!
Just passed a Peter Lik gallery..
Definitely stopping in there before I leave..
I could see his work a million times  never get sick of it
great wknd in cbus with some of my fav musicians/friends.
Appreciate you
Part of me is saying I miss you , my other part says SCREW YOU MAN!!
Lol
starting another show .
Come join in and add your comments .
www.FocusSociety.com
The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure
That was my favorite because I was never assigned Austen in high school, college, or library school.
Love that is tweeting it up  during and after the show!
I keep checking to see if KSLAM trended  next week!
Dang NFL doctorft
Seriously....
I hate season finales...
Seriously....
IDK whos on the radio right now but its kickin ass
WHUT.....how did me suggesting something nice and doing a good deed end up screwing me over.
Well I did not think this thru!
um a whole bunch of ppl!
Lol  idk where to begin 
Blow Blow, Blow dhat kush likee ah candle..
Blow Blow, Blow dhat money likee ah candle..
I can only do so much.
follow back?
D
Stop by the Beachside Cafe and chat with Macadamia Apps to learn more about the launch of their newest app
Tennessee hired who??
Cuonzo Martin??
LPmistersends it's condolences to David Jones' family.
We will miss you and your music.
Thank you for the memories.
Schefter reporting that PM has narrowed it down to the Cards  Broncos One source told Schefter that PM is leaning toward Denver
Its friday and im feeling great:D have a good day everyone :
i really want an ice creme ...
Designing clothes is cool, I like to take nothing and make something from it, awesome!!!
You wear it, and its one of a kind
They were talking to the Houston Center.
I think Nietzsche's twitter is giving me insomnia.
Wiping my system clean for a complete reinstall.
Dude u r the Gigantor of Storage.
Nobody's taller than u except cc
On right now is Rich Muny of the PPA.
Tune in!
lol men?
im a man...wow lol jk...but im just up tryna get use to twitter
Well since I clearly can't fall back asleep I guess I'll be productive until I can
Is there any difference b/w 3M tattletape for disks and tattletape for books?
Would using strip intended for books do damage to a disk?
The next big change is coming, and I'm freaking ready for it.
..chosen to get married early after 18yrs...
//Hope your lives are filled with MUCH happiness!
Congratulations
What did i do?
I'm just shocked the Sixers beat da Bulls' second team.
brothers home.
I think I can go to sleep without worrying now :
what could make winning it all more satisfying than beating Kentucky along the way?
He's kind of old now.
Maybe it should be Boobs Like Jagger.
and you come to the realization that none of it even mattered......
20ThingsAboutMe I HATE BUGS
oh yeah but u ain't say y'all was married
oh....
ur not following me soo i cant follow you back......
You're welcome.
:
There is only one terminal dignity  love
!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
I thought I was following you...???...
did you change twitter accounts scrub?
Gets a text..
.Grabs Phone.
.Reads Name.
..Lays phone back down without replying /
Start off 2011 with the right tools to conduct proper workplace investigations: www.BusinessControlsStore.com
I would love to hear them.
I'll take it as you didn't run into any thugs.
Or get mugged hahaha.
doctoramChaser but I ain't talkin Freddy kruger!
Everyone follow my man download iTunes do it all!
Get wit it
They're all just as lost as you are.
of course I WOULD find the one hole in the grass while wearing wedges and completely bust my butt.
damn wade got away with a walk
A million feelings.
A thousand thoughts.
A hundoctord memories.
All for one person
SO GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT OF MY HEAD.
AND FALL INTO MY BED INSTEAD.
When did bk get rid of chicken fries?!
Wahh
I Understand you are trying to be different but tone it down a bit
At what point does the conference fad turn from expansion to contraction?
Would anyone miss Indiana/Minnesota?
today tho!.
got a chance to see my babe.
Is going to be in Chicago July 16!!!
Ah!!
Can't wait : now if I ever get a retweet and a follow my lyfe would b made ;
Come celebrate St.
doctornken's Day with us!
Direct Message us or contact your nearest RvD friend for more info.
Most of the chatter was on Facebook tonight.
Feel free to post if you want to share your thanks for books.
The way to 's heart is support and respect.
Support Justin  Selena
Ross Lynch 
giving an openspace shoutout in sxserendip ...more value in networking conversations vs.
panels at
u guys still there??
Could I pick up the girls if u are???
Save me a trip back up later
Love her!
RT : Julie Bowen is hilarious...
I wear Spanx to bed.
10ThingIFindAttractive 's smile :
Too Blessed to be Stressed!
Life does not have to be perfect to be wonderful.
Annette Funicello
I dare you to follow me back baby 
Feeling like the year is just beginning, but it's already over........
FROM THIS MOMENT ON I WILL BE IN YOUR LIFE FOREVER 3
Just 15 gets you in, free recovery doctornk, and a chance to WIN some amazing stuff!!!!!
BE AT BOOT CAMP THIS SATURDAY!
I'll join with the same promise.
Can't we all just get along?
Thomas here
God I need help..
listening to music
Social change comes from personal testimony  motivating people by connecting their relation to individual autobiography and experience.
2 Chainz is better than future
Remember that age old question: Why do we doctorve on the parkway and park on the doctorveway?
Was there ever an answer?
!
Action is eloquence !
Great choices!
I'm a big fan of his
Today in 1918 Actors Douglas Fairbanks and Charlie Chaplin sold war bonds on the streets of New York City's financial district.
Impressed that getting through the airport seemed so easy with Jetblue...
No one calls a ballgame like Vin RT : Listening to Vin Scully for the first time this season.
Life is good.
don't only be interesting, be interested.
Ask the right questions to build your credibility
S/O to my newest follower !
Another terrific shakespeare opening night at TWO GENTLEMEN OF CHICAGO
see, I've been waiting all day
Bell: Create grids across communities to solve local problems.
and  you guys rocked the house at the PNC tonight!
Loved it.
I had the best birthday ever.
Thanks you guys!
3
KSCMOCOPScrub.
24hr turn around.Watch launch coverage live at: www.nasa.gov/ntv
Thinking of shutting my twitter
Had a great vacation weekend with
Yep.
The horror.
The horror.
are you fascinated or frustrated?
..Hey did you get my email?
I thought it was so funny that he didn't say You always wear green like Green Bay is a color :  I'll never get pinched
Sometimes I wonder how I grew up so quickly.
I can remember being six, in school at Lakeview Elem., reading about Frog and Toad.
WE WANT TACOS!!!
is campus empty already?
Seems quiet out there.
scared of the tri but I do love the idea of Whistler in July.
Can I doggy paddle?
Foul or Defend...YES!
Celtics foul.
with 3.4 to go
have you ever heard of this lame?
Hope u joined misterThunderothers 4 da 10th annual walk starting :00 PM on 96th  Amsterdam in Nyc.Shut down ur PR celbsdo something useful
Friend good vibes and solidarity today : it's an important day for peacemakers aka troublemakers.
AMAZ!
Sunroof open...sun shining...music blaring.
At home with bad headache ugh I can't Even deal
What a gwarn star
Who is playing Satana in the Moon Girl trailer this summer?
I know a gal...Hint, Hint...
That's even better!
just make sure to splash a little water on the bit and the score line as you go, prevents the glass from heating
Life is like a jungle, Sometimes it makes me wonder how i keep from goin under!
Be on the look out for are next single!!
good game yesterday Norris keep up the hard work brody!
Haven't read The Geopolitics of Emotion, but I should have.
On my buy list now.
I am so tired today!!
Stayed up til 4 a.m.
building a program for my business.
Hope everyone is having a great day...
Thanks to all the wonderful speakers who submitted proposals!
Expect a schedule soon!
Listening to new John Mayerluv it little older JM as well with a dose of Gr8 music
missing you in Arizona thank goodness for twittwer and your music!
im eating dinner while on one direction part of youtube, I saw Harry do a weird dance and i choked on my food.
HARRY YOU ALMOST KILLED ME!!
You will love being there live, John!
The announcements are very exciting!
I wish I had Siri , she would be my bestfriend.
Lawl
Congrats goes out to my idol/hero Tony Romo for having his first child today.
May he live a happy and blessed life.
that is the oddest vibrator ive ever seen though.
Ahahaha it looks so uncomfortable.
Gotta juss let God be God.
Up and at it early!!!
you believe me right?
what did kim do 2 you?
The questions u asking me ask ur self weirdo!?!
you did a great overview of VoiceThread for our class this evening.
I learned a great deal from your showcase.
and, what I meant by that was FOLLOW ME!
lol
Andersons suit is god awful.
where is catt williams , you need to get your ass out here man.
pp
m just had iced tea.
Christmas Carol with Nothing like Christmas play to get you excited for Christmas!
Woo I beat in Words
Bring the kids to Easter fun tomorrow!
Hop to the Bunny Train and take a trip around the market!
Its Spring Break.
Its gonna be a blast!!!!!!!
I will make sure to tune into the Today show tomorrow to see what you two are up to!
Steak and shake is disgusting
Of course!
I am also an eater of chocolate.
:p
It doesn't do it all the time, maybe when RockMelt has been open for a while or I have a lot of tabs open?
Next week, join art journalist Martha Rosler as she discusses her work at the Baltimore Museum of Art.
The event happens May 2 at 7:30pm.
i think im gonna go to detention after school.
when your brother is following all of your friends 
Home plate ump is all over the place in soxyanks.
Balls have been strikes, strikes have been balls for sure.
Check out Live A doctoram Real Estate on Facebook!!!
That's what's up!
Thank you, have a great weekend.
: Alabama and thanks I can take you up on that BTW your very beautifulthx and it's a bet
If by weird you mean awesome, then I totally agree!
We miss you already.
your always butting into my conversations Torey
that's such a lovely name!
Hehe, nice to meet u too Amy!:
No problem I got u.
U r officially followed!
lol then follow me :p
Going home from work.
Tonight I'll be picking up extra Girl Scout cookies
GagaCollabWithBritney might surprise you!
Both very talented and creative artists.
You are a fan's fan my friend
Clint Eastwood in a western on AMC.
He should be happy in the film cause he doesn't have to tell anyone to get off his lawn...
: I am so tired of dealing with ghetto ass shit, I done made some bad decisions in my life
kicked someone off a kickball team?
WTF.
why are adults playing kickball anyways?
Ah my teacher is playing fases un clases.
Reminded me of :
i have my english 627 seminar at 3:306:10, i like this class its just too long!
When I Think of you!
I always look at sky!
So where I can zone out and its just me and you love!.
I'm going to look back at this time in my life and think I was either insane/naive or a genius.
Only time will tell.
Gonna create some crazy ass comic for the internet screw the art just have great jokes
Cowboys, Patriots meet for first time in four years
Rest.
Recover.
MindFirstFitness
Follow 's tweets for updates from the Natl.
Forum on Youth Violence Prevention held today  tomm in DC
I've been there a lot for friends and work, but I'm not there now.
Next time I visit let's nerd the fuck out.
trying to get my employees' wives jobs at ALA no less  anybody at want a recommendation from me for her?
Shout out putting in work for Night Shades doctorps 04/13/2012
Hiking is so chic, until you go hiking.
Nigga better pop that Bean lol
ha.
Thanks.
It's gross.
Annoyed with the male specimen.
Dont come  me likeUv never made A mistake,uv made plenty!
Dont just be mad  me, its ur fault too!
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb?
He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
With all the hype about where Hazard and Kagawa will go, Viola fans will have to come out from behind the couch sometime.
Jovetic is next.
WORD!!!
You preached that shit good!
I leave the trash cans open.
I leave cupcakes out for them.
I caught one last spring but we didn't bond as I hoped we would.
omg.
canadian grad schools don't require the gre or any other tests.
i'm going to grad school in canada!
Thank you
this is true.
Fantastic!
RT I'm in RT Who's coming to Richmond for Installation of the VA Eta Chapter of PhiKappaPsi?
4.21.12
My 39 hour Wednesday is finally over.
Hooray!
Thanks for the mention!
NFAIS If you're going to design for an ereader, make sure you use one first.
San Antonio spends one day atop the listener ranks of Rhythm  Jazz Radio and what happens?
New York City  Los Angeles bump SA down to 3rd!
But he is an internet expert, Steve.
He sells books and stuff.
He must know more than you...
My uglass lil nigga got a new avi....
now I want a new one :/
One more: Johnson, Lindstrom, Ayala  ODay: 1 ER in 43 innings.
orioles pen is a force
hopefully tells the story of how that went down...
Hey, Tonnie, That was me helping to set up your cupcakes and slipping your calling card into the gift bags.
Go red velvet!
Is there a gay bar outside the Castro where one can watch the game?
In no mood for Mission BaySouth Beach fans tonight.
My thumb hurts Wtf'
I have neither express nor written permission ...
another beautiful day for golf!
Maintaining any semblance of a predictable schedule these past few weeks has been a laughable proposition at best.
Just got my copy ; RT : Spending some quality time getting to know The Startup Owner's Manual by Steve Blank.
Trader Joes is the best!
I hate it when a guy sends mixed signals!
My friend Julie says Nolan Ryan.
Include us in your ff and we'll do one back for you!
ready..
go!
ps dont forgot we still have spots open for the tour
A full week of events and consultations!
is thrilled to have met with three new couples this week!
May is BOOKED!!!!
One Explota Ovarios Direction exploding ovaries?
one direction?
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving
that is not the optimal weekend sight.
Loving my mix master
Still awake.
Yea probably not goin to school
It's official  my nerd status has been elevated to Red.
I'm not proud of that.
is pondering weekend plans.
Yup.
RT : Tom Brady singlehandedly ruined the NFL.
All these fucking dumb penalties and rules of the last 10 years are his fault
hahaa you are!
totally counts.
It's just microblogging
Home sweet home!
Busy bees.
End of May 23rd through June 1st?
I'd just like an idea, really.
By the way, may I ask who I'm talking to right now?
I like that version a lot actually..
good find
Video 20,21 are up Thanks to my Special guest Brad Crinklaw for his input
A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money.
I can't get you off my mindd.
3
The Cubs fucking Suck.....
Saw the gentleman filming bicycles again today  wearing a helmet and standing beside his own bike.
camouflage ?
ha!
Just downloaded app.
This could be dangerous
that's great that it all got sorted out :
Good for you!
And I've recently changed to setting 25m or 55m mtg requests to allow getting to that NEXT call on time
RT: What is INSPIRATION?
A must read book by a fabulous friend captainring the spirit and essence of women we all admire.
everyone heading home today PLEASE be careful, only by the grace of god that I swerved and avoided accident on the highway
Really wish my dogs would think sleeping in is cool.
i wasn't that doctornk ?!!!
dude you threw a toothpick in the forest, and yelled ur home 
Check out this gr8 PLink co: : We find your target.
Saving time for a sales professor.
like the 250k opp uncovered last week!!!
A point guard should never foul out, ever
Meeks!!!
Great start for him!
We need him to get going!!
that's my favorite book...it was so funny
Great question!
Just asked the kids on that question  can't wait to hear/share their answers.
WhenImBored I shoot some ball :
can you get to the Bud Light Hotel?
I have 2 tix for you
Watch out Salseros, and especially the New York on 2 dancers.
I just brought me a dance lesson package
I'll pass your comment on to John.
Thanks!
Every thug needs a lady
Us too!
Our skin is anxious to try it :
I told her do that thing I like and she fkin did it...she did it
That Lasagna was amazing!
Great hang last night while listening to some fantastic songs!
still wish it was chicago
close enough for me!
RT I'll be there  I was in a Prince video once...
does that count?
Can't wait for Mamba Bynum  Gasol  Ron Ron to eat the Thunder in OKC on Monday night!!!
hype lakeshow 
RT  The former Redskins defensive lineman, who was traded to the New England Patriots last month, was accused of cares...
that some were not to sure it was really her really on the site.
do yo thang talented yung lady, I'm happy for u
can't get enough of the bacon scallion cream cheese from Brueggers.
Bring it all to me!
Hell I wanna audition for Glee!
weaponized roombas might actually interest several boys in my school :
Just to let everyone know, LISGSA is holding a Resume/CV/Mock Interview Workshop on February 25!
More information to follow!
home doing Jordan's hair
You are so SWEET!
SUMTIMES ITS STRESSFULL..BUT IT ALWAYS WORKS OUT
Niggas think they being sneaky but your caught lame...
Just got put on hold by a vendor and the hold music is LMFAO  Party Rock 
Congratulations to the SF Giants!
Hope the Mother's Day Show's went great and you had an AWESOME time at The Lackman!
Off to meeting.
Have a great afternoon everybody!
Happy Friday!
Still recovering from SXSW.
More reviews coming soon.
Using other people's phone just to talk to that special person 3
OMG i need to move no good guys around here lol who wants a new roomie??
Got a call back and picked up two promotions bookings!
:
Gave out books and doctorAMSHAPERS.org info at the Unity Fest in Vernon Park today.
3 libraries were selling books  the booth next to me.
The Hobbit inevitably makes me think of The Runelords.
I hear they're filiming that into a film too.
ha ha
ans Follow me PLease my loves LOve you guys PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE :D
the sky!
Jkjk
My work here is done.
;
ah gothcha.
Thanks for clearing that up.
So any info on the earl bennett thing.
It sounds pretty cool
AwkwardMoment Mistakenly calling the one person u DONT want to talk to and instantly hang up but too late they're calling back!
True and he is the hottest all of them
Which cover should we play Monday night?RockRollLed Zeppelin/Little Help From My FriendsJoe Cocker/No One KnowsQueens of the Stone Age?
Side note: I did think Honda's TVedited :60 version was tighter and more effective than the extended preview.
I have 1 Meal Swipe left...
Man, that would be the worst.
Please don't give them any ideas!
push those clouds out to next week...
push push past the weekend...
cmaaaawn!
Thanks again  Great km e20 insights, looking fwd to more ..
as I d/ld Power of Pull to my kindle :
A belated thanks for the FF recc!
I am in so much pain :'
Wish people wouldn't whine on twitter!
Shoulda been a better friend and then you wouldn't have gotten left out!
ducedByDaim please let me know the best date asap day or night you and Josh can skype to talk xx
BLOWIN LOUD IN DA BENZ GET IT IN....BOSS YA LIFE UP
I woke up from a doctoram that Florida had a earthquake and the ocean rose 25Ft no more discovery channel before I go to sleep 
Can't forget ethnic grocery stores.
I do 20 of my grocery shopping there
watching the good son with Macaulay Culkin and Elijah Wood when they were kids reminds me of the doctorft with Ryan Leaf and Peyton Manning
RT : Were also members of the QRCA and have trained dozens of market researchers from the QRCA in our techniques
Just finished setting up to record the Russell Scarbrough Soul jazz Big Band.
Gonna be HOT in RocCity
RT  Off to see my favorite dolphins and then back up to Miami for the IMATA conference!
looks like i have an interesting road ahead of me...
my son was also born the year of the tiger!
when ii got it
Thx for the mention!
Really trying to spread the word, so plz pass on to anyone you know who might be interested :
I'm at the gym right now!
I'm on top of this already!
WE GOT THIS!
turkeylove 
And then we eventually learned that the STOR of JSTOR meant they'd store it for us.
Immigrations Voice's main goal is to limit the delays associated with skilled foreign workers obtaining green cards in order to work legally
iQuote Your success...lies in you.
Resolve to keep happy...and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.
Helen Keller
Man I cant wait yill tonite!
Club Primal is going to be off the khook with RT Parties  FAB 5 ATL..Its going to be hot this Wesnday niite
D'oh!
Missed you.
On dance floor near bar.
You?
OH and the coffeehouse at my church was canceled, but I'm playing at the Open Door 11/13, 11a2p if ya wanna join:D
BasicEconomics  Is a consumer greedy because he wants a particular product or service at the lowest price possible?
Anyone wanna see my mime routine?
How about a little Man Trapped In Invisible Box?
Cadillac ranch!
Love it
If i could restart this year i probably would.
Morning my homies.
You're welcome, Dan.
Mahalo for understanding.
There are so many wonderful Hawaii photos on Flickr, yours included!
you should swing by the Bnode if you need any help with the arduino stuff!
good luck!
It's 9:30 pm ET on Sunday...do you know where your sports business professorssionals are?
They're on sbchat of course!
RT : I wish you the best!!Thanks so much!
John
Feels good to be goin to state!
Juss had a convo with money  she told me im fat when cum to eaten cuz I cant get enough of her
I never considered myself a visual learner, but I really like infographics.
what's that thing call...it's like a zoo buT for fish....me: do you mean an aquarium?
....hahahahhahahahahaha
what about any states close to you
WHY CANT I TWEET MY LIFE AWAYBANG!!!
hey world just got great news....
im casted in the new movie SILENT CRIES....
Possibly cohosting a NYC New Year's Eve party themed after Warhol's Silver Factory.
Time to get the silver blazer and shoes going.
Then I vote for reshooting.
I just spent weeks cursing a online microfilm collection.
Names withheld to protect the guilty.
Or Russia.
If I stick to my schedule, I'll probably be purchasing a new bike in the Summer of 2013.
The 3 leadeng contenders are...
At GSA, visiting some folks.
Going to sleep...
Have places and things to do 3 GoodNight :
Watching ATL with my babies before bed
ANYBODY OUT THERE WIT FREE STUDIOTIME....HMU ASAP!!!
RT : RT : God made the Idiot for practice, and then He made the School Board.
Mark Twain
To volunteer at the Philadelphia Science Carnival, on Saturday or Open Labs Day on Wednesday, email .edu
Aghast  just another word for imma gonna sing like a canary...
We are super excited about 10 Tuesday!
We get 10 of ALL sales tomorrow at Gordonville Grill.
BeThere for food and fun!
Happy Mothers Day!
:
MDA needs your help  we need to end this terrible disease  friend us on Facebook and help where you can: www.facebook.com/PhoenixMDA
Is it completely impossible to get one of those limited edition Marc Jacobs Chicago towels anymore?
Most niggas got bytch in dey blood!
See me!
I stick to da code!
And neva bend or fold
Got the truck bak in motion now the only thing I don't miss is puttin gas in it smh
Ok, So Welke CAN be that incompetent.
Venable should have struck out on those pitches.
y'all are too funny.
I still got 10lbs and a whole mess of lifting to do before I'm like that lol
Awesome Bro props on the World Premiere tonight!!!
I am not a known giver of fucks
I forget, are you an infiknight?
Time Warner is the worst ISP on the planet.
lol I do that too!
listening to TotheBestofOurKnowledge on about art collaboration while painting.
Makes the ColumbusArtistAlliance even more relevant!
Getting a text in the morning and reading.it with one eye open :  teens
Oh yeah!!!!!!
My Cubs spanked our southside White sox tonight!
MY SPeAKERS LouD af!!
Picking up son from high school for very first timehigh tech program way out in hightech research park.
Cant wait for school to end.
Ready to move on with my life
just fucked cleve up in college basketball wit kansas jayhawks....who next depaul
as someone who's currently selling I think the best argument against buying is the 'investment' opportunity and illiquidity
how so?
You still think I'm coming back, but baby you'll see..
You think you know me, but baby, you don't know a thing about me.3
your English is perfect!
I finally arrived here and it's beautiful!
Hi, your beautiful my friend!!
When are we going to hang out?
:
No loss.
No gain this week.Ugh!
Received 16 week charm though!!
Sticking with it bc it works!
beyond bummed that i'm not going to fun tonight.
Still thinking of trying to somehow get tickets.
Why is it raining so hard!!!!!??
This is the first time Iona has played the U.S.
in 9 years.
www.iona.uk.com has some dates.
Really excited!
Asked panel if they have librarians to classify data.
1 said ISBN isn't useful.
Librarians need to get the word out: we're more than books.
Removing the last clause in Asimov's 1st Law of Robotics would have solved all the problems.
1st Day of being a 14 year old is a big one girl,Have fun today Alli!
not sure that the 3rd would be enough.
depends who you trade with.
I'd work next to Eddie O  Pat Foley.
So I can shout out their famous catchphrases  won't ever miss a Hawks game!
H2SCambioLive hey Nick u should look at my youtube it's called IwannaMeetNickJonas it's my life story!!
I LOVE U SO MUCH!!!
And at WCNYC 2010 I parked a block or two away at a 30/daily rate, outdoor/uncovered.
Matram fact that makes a few of u niggas I never see yall rooting for a team u like..
but I always see yall hating on great players n teams
National assoc.
of Latin producers honors Latina filmmakers w 'their wise Latina' series.
Yes to more Latinas in front of  behind a camera
where did this beautiful weather come from?!?
the patio is calling!!!
I think 7:50, also too early, that changed last year I think.
My soph thinks it has something to do w sports?
Priorities...sad
Real Estate 2011.
Confusing and unpredictable.
Energizing though!!
GlynAllyn is in the National Register of Historic Places of the United States.
Its considered to be The Premier Tudor this side of the pond!
Where are you partying on NYE in Pittsburgh?
modest  adjective 1.
humble in estimating oneself 2.
simple; moderate 3.
decent; moral
Enjoying a laid back day in sunny Savannah GA
Busy day.
CD's are done.
What's next on the list?
For the love of God...
avoid the Quiznos breakfast at the airport.
I think there is poop here somewhere.
If you have pets you have been in this situation.
Not cool, not cool at all.
Never did I think I'd be putting on a pink wig and leopard print to prepare for a day of teaching.
Sizzler sleep over with the ladies
I just laughed so hard because follows me now.
:8590 people at ISHAA town hall meeting on basketball tourney tonite in Plymouth.
Vote was 5321 in favor of single class.
your alerts are slow
Here we go.
Oh and I finally got to sign the petition for initiative70 today at AWSEarthDay.
Thanks, !
that's how I feel about What Would You Do
that is one reason I'm glad that he a Jet: TSpan and Rex DO believe
Star Wars  Harry Potter
Would love to but yes, end of year.
I think the timing of this was planned to keep teachers on the sidelines.
Go, Max!
ugh fine.
I guess that's better than nothing ;
The 5minute rate check.
Find out how much too much youre paying for your home or auto insurance, and don't sign anything till you call 4M.
QEDN candlestick above the 50 MA, some volume....
Fuckin refs man!!
Green was fouled twice!!!
on my way
I asked what's for dinner.
He said dolphins.
I have a feeling if this is true, I won't be around tomorrow...
What ails America the most?
We face huge collective problems and our political system is so fractured we cannot act.
Have a fabulous weekend, everybody!
Aw, we've been wondering that for almost 20 years now!
Why question it now?
:D Also, I get you doctornk!
hell yea THANK YOU!!!!
Puts a smile on my face :
Tonite Bad Girls club Time who's going to win?
Fight
boo, hope things are good for you
Dear Summer, winter sucks and I want you back!
Over the last 24 hours my linkedin account has gone crazy.
30 some new connections...
why?
You is kind.
You is smart.
You is important.
Amazing concept  can't wait for it to become popular in the US!
Today is National Banana Bread Day
nd you just want to listen to sad songs and watch movies and eat ice cream3 haha those days suck!/:
oh wow !
you're 14.
you went and got doctornk.
YOU'RE SO COOL.
;D dumbass.
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to working together.
ate the gummie worm I stapled to the board !!!
Haha
Busy summer!
The Wild Party opens Friday woo
At Los Pen Elem w Councilwoman Lorie Zapf  team showing greatness of public schools in San Diego.
Thanks, Principal !
are my hopes, are my doctorams only photographs in magazines?
We're in this month's Albuquerque Magazine  the Spotlight On feature.
Also thrilling, Jenna Renee Frosch is now Assistant Editor love her!
ANYBODY READ PART 36???:D
Yeah, it would!
// RT : Bill Snyder: I can't imagine us getting in to an 8 or 16team playoff.
That wouldn't work.
Want 2 kno y u fell in the lane on a FT block out?
Prob cuz u r standing like a scarecrow that has 2 pee real bad!
Bend ur knees,b n athlete
thank you!
A lot Philly  VA sports connections
I better not be lol RT : You not the only 1 RT I'm an observer, I watch everything,
cant wait for it.
I got my invitation and put it right into my calendar!
Thanks for the follow!
Honored!
Good morning folks.
RIAA39;s Waterloo?
Anonymous Looks to set streaming music free
I am turning my computer off for the weekend  going to a women's retreat.
Woohoo!
See ya on Monday...
1 more day till My princess 's Birthday
I need something to do!!!!!!!
Being bored is the absolute worst.
I know the feeling.
I swear no matter how many times I look, Jesus NEVER shows up on my following list.
WTF JC?
give 15 minute to do something :
Man this is funny shit..
My Sister just told me: Calm your happy DOWN!
...that is hilarious!
1000 on entertainment expenses in three days.
I haven't done this in a long time, hope this isn't beginning of trend.
Thanks for the follow Verity
so this woman runs up to my carhow do I get to the 71!
LA reflex kicks inyou need to get to 210to57 to the 71she smiles!
Smh you kno you care to much wen you try to convince yourself dat you don't
Thanks for the RTs!
my body is in the present but my minds still living in the past i tell myself lies just to get by i doctornk and smoke to get high to keep
any truth to the rumor that Stacey Dash has left Single Ladies
Nada mucho, just school and work...same ole, same ole!
Atlanta Auditions Full!
SEO and PPC works!!!!
Hahaha.
The one he cant be without .
Lmao.
Yep.
and the funny thing is just about every vendor whether outreach, seeding, blah blah uses it
So what's up with people tweeting the same shit ?
And its not a retweet they just tweet the same thing
Kwame brown gets 7 mil a year Rip Hamilton get 5 mil a year ill take it!!
RT: doctorss hangn off yur shoulder, barely sober, tellin me how you movin away and startin over Girl quit playin you just doctornk
yeah, she hasn't been on much but when she has they have her in a fat suit.
Lol
can't move so sore
You gave us a great interview.
Enjoyed finding out about all your work.
Keep us posted on other Mumu Fresh greatness.
You won't know from the outset what comes next, but that's what taking risks entails.
Lmaooo, meant to say they got their ass bust .: : Lakers bust that ass.
They lost Kim lol
same here
Lakewood Briefs: Lakewood has comission, board openings
Man, if you travel west bound on 836 and need to go south or north on 826, I feel sorry for you.
Miss all of you!
RT today it goes to my besties 
Just felt an aftershock!
I'm really over this earthquake thing now.
Damn!
the Thunder straight OWNING the Lakers right now
at the lab Putting the finishing touches on the homie mixes for his street album hustlers on the block
So who would be interested in getting a deal at Sushi Ya?
How about Advanced Video?
Stay tuned.
The best sex education for kids is when Daddy pats Mommy on the fanny when he comes home from work.
Checking it out right now.
Definitely interested.
I'll have answers tonight for sure.
i have boost mobile..lucky me, getting an iphone this summer though!
if i dont my parents will be dead
Going to a party tomorrow!!!
yaya
Bacon popcorn really is the best!
are great peeps :D
following back!!
Not yet  PM me and I'll fill you in on our current activities.
Oreos 2 for 1!!!!!
The hysterical screaming you hear is me.
oh shit  i didn't know my honor diploma test was for today.
im late  i hate going to test late.
Thanks!
Thanks for coming!
Watched a GORGEOUS sunset with the hubby lstnt  Del Mar Beach.
Can not get going studying for my one final.
Check, please!
Hope everyone had a Happy Safe one!!
;
; i want your 1000thTweet :
i'm not even gonna say it!
sometimes this twitter feed makes it hard for me to breathe.
sad for friends fighting the good fight in
I'm tryna go to pluto tonight and enjoy myself
CONGRATULATIONS.
your a slut and will get no where except creepers pants
Happy Earth Day
thanks for the support
That jog with crystal 
Thank you for the honesty.
So is being a lame in the morning stanky ass lookin a hot ass mess
OMG CJ Watson is my guy tonight
I posted a cool montage of Wisteria lane deaths on my Logan fb page
Nap before the game.
We may be able to get you better analysis via our stats feature.
If not, we'll work on it.
Email us pls!
N I'm sleepy
I heart my grey coming in, just coming in too slow for me  esp.
annoying when mixed w/my natural strawberry.
Not a lovely mix.
Asked a girl to google something on her phone for me.
One past search was how to know if you have herpes.
Did not pursue.
Take a behind the scenes tour of the Food Bank.
Email or tweet your email and we'll send you the details.
great Miami weather..
come through for a visit...
NO1KARES / LEGAL HIGHZ STUDIOS...
GET IT TOGETHER..
AWE !!!!
If he likes u so much he should jst ask u out!
But ik he needs time but i am even gettin anxious !
Lmfao
What a nice morning for the south shore farmers market!
aight, you're the best
very happy to help!
All is good in my world, just busy as always!
Definitely catch up soon!
:
Have the weekend off.
Who wants to hang?
You are so right, we need to get the electoral college removed too!
THEN EVERY VOTE COUNTS.
the cost per sleeve for sleeve ads are around 18 cents per sleeve for min order, distribution is free of charge.
Matt Flynn will be next Kevin Kolb
Female Rose tarantula lives  20y.
Male won't live much more than 2 b/c they stress, spend entire life trying to escape to find mate.
Hunger games!
You excited about it opening today?
Goin to see it?
Should kids be able to go see it?
walker
Follow me now
There's a tiny part of me that needed that break from football.
RT : sends FF well wishes to new followers , , , ...
An old favorite, for sure.
RT : Foodiechats easy, peanut donuts
Looking for a good Tuesday tweetchat.
Any suggestions?
Warm, doctor socks are like being in love for the first time.
In front, behind, and beside you Share a smile.
Have a great day:
im not even home right now.
: sadface
God's thoughts of you are ALWAYS of peace.
He isn't wringing His hands over you.
He has AMAZING things planned!
Check out my new website, let me know what you think!
www.trumanchafin.com
no.
Social media just makes you spend time with people you really want to, as opposed to ones you feel you have to.
:
he makes her do BAD things ;
Haha..
people are really talking about not trusting in Haith anymore?
Wow!
Google Voice voicemail translations are silly.
: What was the arsenal score ?
not one that is happy with!
/eyeroll.
Yeah its magical all right.
SO magical I'm vomiting rainbows.
Bricks.
RT: Now that TigerSpot has been removed from Lowry Mall, what do you think should go in its place, Mizzou Nation?
What a win by the Hawks!
Plus 9 more incredible short films at the weekend screenings at Camera 3 Cinemas.
I had finally achieved a rootietootiefreshandfruity bootie!
bestline so far in you book.
I'm loving it.
do you need someone to talk to?
I'm always here dear : 
I love World Peace.
You ain't gotta lie to kick it Calvin..
Just tell the truth?
:
New vendor Oh,Olive!
Is having a special MothersDay sale through May!
Come on and receive 2 off your purchase!
I miss Whose Line Is It Anyway?.
That show cracked me up...
At least you can still watch reruns on ABC Family...
At midnight.
:
If people could read minds at certain times, so many things could be easily fixed.
But nope
I don't get how you make it extra hot!
No more than one adjective to order a coffee, please!
cuddles a hot bath snuggling some candles 3 please and thankyou?
ThatMomentWhen a social site recommends you connect with an ex you've deliberately avoided all these years...how does it KNOW?!
Isabel Toledo you inspire me!
I always wondered what happened if a NYer won a contest to go to NY.
Would they pay for your metro card?
yeah that's what i'm thinking, i better hurry!
funny thing: these Boy in my class named mohamed skiped speical and went the bathroom for 30min.
hey can i ask you guys some advice for a new band just starting out???
yep, did that, thanks!
RT : Picked up two bums.
1 is in happy face sweats and the other is in fat boy sweats.
Don't judge my new friends.
Um that David Beckham bodywear for HM commercial.
wonderful, I will message you my number and we can figure out where to meet, etc!
OK!!
Yep, umm hates me i can feel it and see it!!
So yeah I'm going now:
booboo, Ima go to your house today okay .
it's show time!
from 7am to 9am
fridayreads is LUCKY JIM
ah!
that's like gold!
i wish i found one of my little hic boxes hiding in my bag!
Silencing his critics Flacco gets it done.
Impressive doctorve.
NPR dude talking about the E.U.
Sounded like he said The Ewww.
neverforget my first love..
Thanks for the shoutout!
Severe thunderstorms just west of Dodge and Fond du Lac County.
This complex of storms moving east at 30 mph.
Good morning!!!
sigh.
Yoyos only dominated for so long.
Hong Kong Fish Ball Street Food Pringles and American Turkey Cheetos.
Two ticks off the bucket list.
Thanks everyone who attended the other night's meeting, GEAR Con 2012 already feels solid  promising.
Now he's just gotta learn that whole journalism thing and he's made RT This guy knows his Coyote hockey 
Why did girls start doing First name/middle name on FB instead of last name?
It's really stupid.
I'm in the stands!
On the left side, section 19.
What side are you sitting on?!
I'm gonna find you before you leave!!
no problem!
And I totally lol'd at entrepreneurial freakshow by the way.
Awesome bio :
Hear it's some new AKA's on the yard how many
hahaha ...
I hope he's not the one who gave me a 150 parking ticket.
That would be embarrassing 
think i need ma wisdom teeth pulled..
We hear so much about what to do after a new diagnosis and the safety of eating in restaurants
Happy Valentine's Day!
I'm making a shrimp scampi app, mushroom gnocchi  a chocolate ganache cake for dinner.
What are you guys doing?
I Need Me A MPC!
Making Beats With The Keyboard Is Wack
Okay.
Sex is AWESOME.
Whoever says any different is missing out on some bad ass stuff.
Start getting your group together for Mile Run Days in May
im soo not watching is he out??
Just followed her ;
RT : Who's All In?
Full Pint sampling tonight at 6!
Get a head start on with one of our local breweries.
The Cutlass neck looks like my Trek 5200 : The Warwick FNA Jazzman I played was 5string w/ a chunky neck but I liked it
Whitney Houston Dies In LA Hotel Room Where was her coke dealer at the time?
Come raise a glass to the beauty of celluloid this weekend when we screen the Robert Altman masterpiece 'Nashville.'
All The Gossip Girl ,full episodes in HD online ,follow me for related tweets
I willFollow TwinJune 20th Geminis!
www.VideoTVEmail.com C LiveWebDemo at 815pm Est tonite at www.connieislive.tv
Finally found love, Page 96 in the dictionary.
what did you say?
I think you need to visit Tooting sometime.
Recession has hit it hard.
All mobile phone, pawn, betting and pound shops today.
I really don't feel good!
Hahahaha...
That's funny
been one here for a couple of years, mostly follow basketball stuff RT : soo proud you have a twitter
Hm.
I will put feelers out!
I.
WANT.
SCHOOL.
TO.
BE.
OVER!
it really sucks when u realize u still have feelings for some1 who is already GONE in so many ways...its like a shotgun shell 2 the heart
Interested in speaking at a future Detroit Lean Startup Circle meeting?
Let me know.
woke up to a screaming ldg cramp and an angry eastern sky.
SE pdx RT : If you didn't tell me your location, and you heard the thunder...
please let me know so we can add your community!
And as showed us last week, LED lighting is becoming a better and better way to save energy.
I WANT TO KNOW THIS NEWS!!!!
:D WHY DO U HAVE TO KEEP EVERYBODY WAITING?!!?1 AH!
Dallas Stars :
PD plans for teachers should be individualized.
We need mass customized learning for students and teachers.
battle royale was dope too, but I read this shit a few years ago and for me it's upto par
hello :D
gonna text you now ..
Thanks for the shoutout!
And Rich 50 is the new 30.
I really need something to do tonight!
Everyone needs a little help once in a while!
new song is so sick.
I cant wait to hear all the new shit, you guys never disappoint.
There is this to be said in favor of doctornking, that it takes the doctornkard first out of society, then out of the world.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nothing but mountains leading into the ChampsÉlysées...an exciting week of the tour ahead.
Thats a load of crap, Caroline!
How has Rick been hiding this when he wore heels willingly  proudly in front of u?!
Davinci Virtual started offering a 50 discount on one of our Manhattan locations in New York!
Get a virtual office for less than 50/mo!
I'm at tonight for Restaurant Week...haven't tried the food yet, but I'm already in love.
I wouldn't care either bro.
Great job.
vnecks or crew necks???
Oh crap I didnt do homework :3
We agree, and that's why we're bringing you this prayerapp: www.birdofprayer.org
Recognize that not everything is a crisis!
Don't go Chicken Little on every small thing :
Mort said that manning is not signing with any team and nothing is close to being done ...
Hope is still alive !!!
Shock me !!
I have to assume that Maybe God is trying to tell me something.
I don't know Jared, I can believe you have 117k people following you on linked in
William Shakespeare would have been 448 years old today.
,,,,Also You can place orders: We have Keylime, Strawberry Overload, Lemon, BananaChocolate Toffee  Sweet Potatoe Pie.
WOW..U GOTA UPGRADE YO DAY BOO
Awww, not this time!
Phone died!
But you too!
xoxo
Carm is Ok.
It's hard to be pleasant when your husband is cheating on you weekly.
I was a big preheroin Moltisanti fan.
I just paid my rent.
4:50 am on Paris..
Can't sleep, mojito  the bar with my girls.
Just have fun..
doctornk or not ?
Dat's the question!
Do the pretty girl Swag
I fuked up my last tweet 
Society is like a stew.
If you don't stir it up every once in a while then a layer of scum floats to the top.
Edward Abbey
Watch Out If You Talk To Yourself In A Foreign Language.Especially If You Dont Speak Any Foreign Languages
WTF is this damn thing?
At the Snoop Dogg concert!
Woo!
oh ook sure.
Shame we can't see what happens with in Brazil, but UFC 148 is going to be an epic, epic card.
11 days bro...
Keep it counting...
There's a bongo player in my presence.
I just want you to know that someone who I went to middle school with just reported your thoughtcatalog piece and loves it!
Breanna Stewart is nice!
Jaypee Institute of Information Technology PhD Admissions 2012 ...
Good Night Everyone!!!
Today is Today?
Portable Gas Sensors Improve Atmospheric Pollution Measurements
Penda  the only one i miss.
.
having trouble buying Star Trek/LSH 6  won't download or recognize purchase in any app
No trash/recycling pick ups today because of Veterans Day Holiday  make up collection is tomorrow.
Why is dickbutkiss always ridin me?
Thx very much for the RT!
This is really taking off :
RT : We've got to get over the notion that social media is for kids; it's for business.
Chris Huber
Jason Collins has a negative PER.
Someone should make a public service announcement.
We just wrote about the iPad in What plans does have for the iPad?
I'd like to mention it.
bit.ly/ofipads
ahahhahahahahahaha who cares?
WhatsObamaHiding his black liberation theology handbook personally autographed by Reverend Wright.
My iPhone and I have reached a new level in our relationship.
It has finally stopped autocorrecting Brangelina.
i agree on that entirely its like where did all the maturity go right?
hell i cant even do good in a match with trash msg's
2 more hours I guess actually
we will get you one!
We just have to make more...
ThatllBeNice If My Gf Would Give Me Random Phone Calls 3
not jokes.
wats it called
Who would of thought McGehee would be the worst bat in our lineup?
He's easily just as bad as Gomez or Betancourt if not worse
That was Carl's first TV ad hitting the airwaves.
yes u said dictinary and it's dictionary
Don't forget to get a free blood pressure reading, this Sunday at our Heart Health Demo at our FMT store!
4PM, Free!
do you really?
I bet I could kick your ass in it ;
Its y Daniels describes Carmel, The city on the edge of Greatness A city every knowledgeable Hoosier shld b proud of
Congrats to , can't wait to see with
shoutout to all new followers we will follow back.
You have a dirty mind, Carlos.
Maybe it suggests that they're both enjoying it??
And not in that way either!
Still funny :
no!
Just the top three in each conference.
I am the female weezy !!
that's dope!
All except 1 of my sessions today are around the country.
Texas, Kentucky, Michigan, and Cali among others.
Aah the beauty of the internet.
So I might go to Grant's spring concert, lol .
it's the ying and yang of baseball.
Never as bad as you look when losing or as good as you look when winning
is not an AllStar reserve?!!!
Are u fkn kidding?...
I'm not a mariachi
No obligation for govt to treat rich equallyby giving them same amount of taxes as lower incomes.US has long ...
What happened???????
NP john doe by public announcement
Happy happy happy FRIDAY!
BMC study shows diverting passengers to elevators could help reduce falls at Logan Airport
: love having the day off, don't love not getting paid!
What he said.
Aw man.
I dig it and still rewatch on occasion.
Did the Firemares kill it for you?
lol which one omg let me find it
Welcome to all the new members we've been getting from Dallas and Connecticut lately!
Glad you're joining our community!
Best friends  both
hahahahahaha!
thanks I needed that!
Concerts, counted on to compensate for the plunging sales of recorded music, appear to be in trouble due to cancelled shows and empty seats.
Can libraries build wealth and reduce poverty?
Is that a focus of our service?
Our communications?
Our reason for being?
Add us as a friend on facebook Kincaids Oakland
Steel Town Soul has a show Thursday Bartini in shadyside!
9midnight.
No cover.
We just got time crimes on netflix john.
looking forward to it!
couldn't tell you the last time I've been out to a party lol shieet
when you guys get to be bigtime like me you'll understand!
MM most real epi yet IMO.Real life situations,less exposition,fairly accurate changes within 60's and age.Fascinating.
RT : A body has been found in the North Bend bunker.
It is believed to be Peter Keller.
La Gente live Saturday March 31
Studio session tomorrow!!
And working on a new project wendsday.
I need a job.
Whose hiring?
Contour, the UT fashion show tonight, WAS AWESOME!
So exciting to walk for thousands of people.
Thanks to everyone who came out!
The Hulk was the first roller coaster tht I had ever riden!
M....Genny Bock on cask.
Just went live
Thunder now Down one with 9 seconds to go.
Thunder ball.
okei bye I go people
lol its the madonna portal
About to call my man...
I think what people really want is immersion and the mistakenly term is realistic game aspects.
Exit project do tomorrow let's begin shall we
in my elementary school you got to join a special club if you could.
I was never much of a joiner....
Why didn't Narron write it in Japanese!?!?
omg..same here:
having a hard time staying awake while Nantz and Simms call the Broncos/Steelers game.I just may have found a cure for my insomnia.
thanks for following!
Can't wait for CMJ!!!
n how,its that !
of course!
He went along with my while British/Irish theme!!
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right
Ain't that the truth
I know what you mean.
Pulling down some fresh bud 2day.
SourDiesal, whitewidow, ogkush lavenderkush and purplenepal.
Not a bad way to start the weekend.
Keep this Thanksgiving happy and safe by establishing a 3foot kidfree zone around all stove tops, ovens and open cooking flames.
RT : sisterhood is sexy, being kind is cool.
integrity, dignity and respect are in style every season.
Loved hearing BoiseState to the Pac12 talk on this week!
Would make for some amazing matchups and rivalries!
Getting ready to go back in time!
HOT TUBE TIME MACHINE style.
Woot woot!
Lol
But who shot the Tupac Hologram?!?!
The Brits are more progressive than the Americans, cos we have TV presenters  they have TV pastors
MayDay has been chosen as the date the OWS Movement revives.
Will we succeed??
you and me both :
Prize 2: A personal training session with strength coach Andy Williams.
right!
Wow!
Props.
totally worth it!
egg sandwiches fuel
Little boxes, big boxes, as long as they're not round, boxes.
Book signing today in So AZ.
Half of readers looking for Kindle authors.
Public session all day tomorrow 10am to 6:30pm.
Only 13 which includes skates!!!
When did this shit become so easy?
Good work, if you can get it.
RT : Yes, but at least I have
You know you're baked when you are looking for the bong when it's right infront of you
Going to Asian Fusion tonight in Georgetown.
Not normally my style but we'll see how it turns out...I'll be following SNN for Tsunami news
God gave us everything in pairs 2 hands, 2 eyes, 2 ears But why only one heart?
Because he gave another 2 someone else 4 us 2 go find.
Arrived in South Africa.
Awaiting another phone call from the mysterious stranger.
love the video!
Christmas decorations going up at my house tomorrow?
yes, yes they are
ok will do
Hey guys, just wanted to make it clear that I am NOT the band, just the Ohio street team!
If you want the boys, 
Maybe god will answer my prayers tonight and let my hero tweet me 3
great story.
Always good to see positive things happening in bmore.
The only Call of Duty games I've played are MW2 and Black Ops.
How do you screw up a BLACK ice coffee?????
Lmao
Well, the truth is I love Eleanor and I love Danielle.
I just don't really like Caroline with Harry.
But I'm not gonna bully her!
Well played, and a good song too.
Okay I'm off to slumberland.
G'nite Idaho.
Ha!
Very true.
RT Austin is totally hip.
Never seen so much culture and spandex in one place  awesome.
haha its ok :
Hello Lake Butte des Morts.
You're so purty.
Our little helpers get to help us out around the house and get to do community service.
i think you're suppose to give with no expectations!!!
Jeydon Wale is one crazy fothermucker and should follow me:
I gotta lot of catching up to do
Great photo, I would love to meet you in person!
On restarting: Come forth Lazarus!
And he came fifth and lost the job.
Eleven is a charm.
Don
Gratitude is essential if we are to be content.
you can call me Fonz!
Happy Birthday ..
rock this day and marry the night ;
As well as the value of cover, suppressive fire and, oh yes, the Stanislavsky method.
Bishop Lennon will speak today about the church closings.
When I hear anything, I will post.
oh yes!
I love that!
I just didn't know it had such an exciting name.
I thought it was just making your window really big
Good business practices say we need to do a 3,4, and 5 year strategic business plan that INCLUDES a solid financial plan.
You were a great soccer player too.
Got to see you play when I was a kid.
Just think.....
A celeb has probably talked about you before :
bye bye phone
Gonna lay it down.
See if I can convince my finger to press call.
Probably not tho.
Thanks follow her
Quite a scarf tour de force
Happy New Year!
Muppets theme while Pacers have ball.
Nice touch.
doctorm set in the living room?
not sure this is going to work?
oh, okay just put it next to the marimba
Lamest bf ever
in a dm?
I'm going all in!
u know I'm fittin to pick up one of those 'world peace' jersey's
Quality over quantity for JSK?
RT Your tweets are GUARANTEED to get you more followers!
RT Gout is gross looking
Promise myself.
hahahah I would be amazed if he did omg omg ill laugh and say Tuna Was Damn Right About Him Getting Famous
Guys like me?
I'm a guy like me!
comic carnival tonight w/ You ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
I will be copping those.....
: Good morning Andy!
I hope you have an awesome day.
:' you too!
Http://www.Flipcups.com is Selling the Inflatable Beer Pong Table on a SPRING BREAK SALE
Good day already.
Found my headphones.
Man I swear I never sleep comfortable.
I wake up with back pains
oh just keep putting work in
Thanks for the RT and mention You are appreciated!
Looking forward to 's Greek Festival this weekend!
Yay for free Saturdays!
I got an app that makes donuts.
just stay on this one I just got really confused but yeah and wow just wow smh
Dentist today , : ; Hope Ur day was Super ,too.
Haha!
I just died.
That little girl is a riot.
toddlersandtiaras RT : Have a great weekend honey boo boo childoctorn
: : Should the Seahawks try to land peytonmanning ?
What y'all think?
Em yes please.
walking over to the brewpub now!!
You're not selling code  you're not selling design, you're selling a product for an end user/audience.
People cry not because they are weak.
It's because they've been strong for too long.
the only company I have is my cats ;; I homeschool because of my health
did the package arrive yet?
Well guess what!
is now mildly obsessed with you!
hm big thing
Fuck Manny, too, ol Japanese boy Some guy: He's Filipino Same thing!
is staring down a wasp in his officeunfortunately not the kind that summers in Martha's Vineyard.
Now RIPJoe.
Your legacy will always be intact in my mind.
Happy Friday the 13th.This tends to always be a much luckier day than usual.
Expecting bad luck usually brings good luck.
or a good doctornk.
Another one of my boys sent to the hospital at work last night.
Not messing around tonight.
The impossible, is just that possible.
Only if you believe, you can see endless chances.
Blowing air out of my lip piercing.
Turn it to ESPN, my boy and Oregon are straight hoopin on LSU
Fantastic!
Best of luck to you : RT Starting my first semester of nursing classes :
I promised myself.
.
.
But idk how much more I can take!
Help me to b strong and see the truth!.
love that song.
Time to turn on the music!!!
People in DC talk crazy to the employees in subway
So when you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, cause I still turn to you..
Nice.
I find it funny that an Italian is whinging about negative tactics...
Congratulations, ...
Great job this season!
Thanks to our Issue No.
5 news partners: , ,  SF Neighborhood Newspaper Association
is 9:45ish ok?
Want to head up to Austin by 10:30
sam lyonblack
I've been waiting on a check from a catering company for nearly a month now.
Thinking it times to look for better options
sorry to hear I'm not the only plague victim : I think rest  copious amts of tea is the only thing for it.
feel better!
awww...thanks!
it was great to meet you too!
Good bike ride around the 'hood today...just a half our or so, but we have some nice hills and I haven't taken a spin in, oh, about 2 years.
I hope this isn't spurred by spending your day in Madison WI...
studio time!!!
im so hi...i dont even know y...
He who is firm in will molds the world to himself.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Franklin Wade Blog  Her Alibi Poster Movie 27 x 40 In  69cm x ...
...so maybe you're detecting progress I missed a couple of weeks ago.
I hope you're right!
JLD deserves a good series.
thank u!
platitudes are disingenuous and honesty is appreciated.
People are more resilient than pop psych gives credit for.
At the hospital with my sister : 3 get better soon nig3
End of the third quarter.
Storm lead the Preds 4117.
Orlando has the ball to start the fourth.
It's not a big deal, just seemed odd.
DarkSkinPeopleNicknames.
Why the hell is that trending?
I have that problem too...
and he will be the heir to King Fluffay II it shall be a wonderful thing x
RT : If your church attracts broken and messed up people...
then it's being the church Jesus intended!
Pastor Howard J Koepka
I try to keep myself from going over the deep end/things happen sometimes in life for no reason...heartbroken/not decent
Happy New Year!
Broders on diners doctorve ins and dives.
Best place ever!
thank you so much!
Every time Dirk has already backpedaled to half court by the time his shot misses/makes, Larry Bird throws up a little in his mouth
love the classic wizard of oz dark side!
Nicely done.
Spurs in 4, huh?
DAMN
We were suppose to leave at 8:45 but we're barely leaving now .
Ugh, But here we come zoo cx
first episode had me startled.
Had to go to the restroom.
Fearful of zombies.
I am a fighter though.
Follow Back,please 3.
I haven't seen it yet but I can agree with you on that.
An Ed Sheeran song doesn't fit in a Victoria's Secret commercial.
you would say something like that not the guy !
have a gobblin' good birthday!
;
I've been gone for a few days.
Where?
Occupy Best Buy...
aka Black Friday camp out lol
Hi Kristine  saw in the Needham Patch that you're running this year's Boston Marathon.
Would love to interview you
Niggas on Twitter talkin bout I keep my Grass cut Low so I can see the Snakes!
Nigga you live in a Apartment Complex Shut up!
Ok ima stop..
DO IT!!
we are going to some crazy concert with harrison that matt says is going to be awesome!
YAY email me re dec soon!
Check out my boiis music on reverbnation kobragangbitch or kill ya self
can you unretweet something?
My heart is beating a million miles per hour right now
civility QUESTION FOR PANEL: did universal franchise put personal morality on the table leading to sense of incivility?
What is the worst film to win the Best Picture Oscar in Academy Award history?
1929 to 2012?
Looks good  now on my reading list.
Thanks!
vaumc11 Resolutions: Here we go!

Tryna keep my distance away from all attitudes just wanna live my life n be happy fuc wat everybody else say.!
and someday we'll find it, the Twitter connection, the playwrights, the actors, and me
True.
RT : If she's talking too much just fart That's always works
well they do have a right to voice their opinion..
As long as they aren't doing anything to you.
Just ignore it.
Happy bday!
Which phone do you have?
is comprised of ONE hateful cretin with a computer.
You don't speak for me or anyone else.
what time are you getting there tonight??
Steele county is free of warnings, but a Tstorm warning continue for Rice and Goodhue through 8:30pm
If you could transform into any animal, what would you choose and why?
what phone you rocking?
PlantsVsZombies is on Andoctorid now!!
why are you saying goodbye ,,you didn't like it or it doesn't worth it to update?
Point out where I'm being dishonest, then.
All I've said is that it doesn't make sense to use Liberal as a sweeping pejorative.
lmao rubs forehead my daughter
SORRY, my typing on this iphone is iNotverygood.
:
Just got my friend on Twitter!!!
She needs some followers.
HELP!!
Follow, RT and spread the word.
Didn't miss anything you haven't heard.
RT And I'm missing it!
:/
I wanna hear Fool in Love live so bad!
ou should mention how cool  awesome im lol or yea pretty hahahahaha
HOW THE HELL DID I DO EVERYTHING  PASS ALL TESTS AND ASSIGNMENTS AND HE GON' FAIL ME?
I LAUGHED AT HIS JOKES AND EVERYTHING :
Hittin up Moscow for some mother's day shopping:
Hi Aaron  thanks for following StoryFirst!
But not Hanson...yer the lucky one there!
my birthday is this month:D
Hey it's BK, Dee Snider just fired.What rocker shoud try Celebrity Apprentice next?Not that he would participate,I nominate Bruce Dickinson.
Who do you think will win this Saturday's Game...Texans or Cowboys??
RT : And up next on Good Morning America: Are Bikram Hackahons better?
weighs in.
Movies with daddy :
Last night was just too much.
Needed a bottle of JackDaniels so I bought a whole case
ha, you weirdo
sounds good, don't mind more questions :
Its only tuesday ...
I wish everyone a HappyMothersDay.
For those waking up in a luxuryhotel this am, I'm so jealous.
: But, loving every minute of my day,too
Congratulations to the Stanford Women's Soccer team for winning their 1st ever National Championship today.
that is the easiest thing for you to say
Can't wait to be at the yard..our yard with  yay!!!
sfgiants :D
Sleeping in tomorrow.
Fuck yeah.
oh look, blood on the dancefloor, what a bummer isnt that the name of a michael jackson album oh my GOD
The MPAA would rate Bully an R for using more then one Fword.
I propose that they rate every movie an R if it showed more than one gun.
smbmad ford Attentiveness.
Being there.
Talking back.
My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it.
Relax tonight while listening to some live jazz by Saltman Knowles  9PM  1AM  15 
Really not in the mood for anything right now.
Linkedin events is not working for me either.
It stopped working for me about a week ago.
Tech laugh du jour: Director Margarett Perry I need a little sexy sexy here  husband/actor Brian Dykstra  cue strip tease
i take it back you dnt gotta point lol
clear headed and ready for action.
Working on story boards for documentary.
Of what I'd like to shoot.
Woohoo!!!!
grgIII having a cold gin Nice Guy Eddies
friend: what's the first thing you think of when you hear me: ONE DIRECTION!
:D friend: ...
i think dazzler was the best character left and arguably the second best character for the format.
When people ask my if I still play volleyball and then continue to ask why.
Made it home!
nice!
When do you move in?
God Is Love !
Join us TODAY at 335 Kearny St for some delicious Cajun  Creole food by !
HAHA, you beat me to this, sorry I hacked your joke!
Gotta read all the tweets before you weigh in.
:
dam....wat about orange city?
Good morning
WTF Manning I expected a D bag LeBron James type decision spectacle
There are no foreign lands.
It is the traveler only who is foreign Robert Stevenson
Order in the streetlit.
DOWNLOAD THE UrbanFiction ebook ATown Veteran.
Let it snow, let it snow....cuz we are open today 9AM6PM.
Handling the July Fourth philly crowds with grace.
Let Freedom ring.
I really want to see him this year.
Distance sucks...
I just love how everyone is now wanting a twitter...
I had mine for 3 years lololol.
that's easy.
Get them hooked now as well!
:D
yayyyyayayay.
;D P.S if you find a doughnut shop...
remember me.
;
RT Burgertime!
Non bovine alt is halved jerk chicken.
Africa hot on the wheels.
Free watermelon for everyone
Can't wait to pass out on the beach with my boyfriend and get ridiculously sunburned.
who b day is it today it has to be some bodys
Happy May 1st Everybody!
Time to start planting the bulbs..
Last week we sold out!
RT : Nice hot day for the OSP farmers market!
Loki smoked salmon salad and red velvet bagodonuts!
Aww!
Poetic Justice  We Love Janet Jackson are trending!
call me I'm bored
Do tell?
kind over matter !
Wait!
Stop!
You're not wearing pants!
So?
Great way to ring in the New Year!
Spent Saturday with other Kona Sunrise Rotarians cleaning up and beautifying the Makaeo Walking and Jogging Path at the Old Airport.
RT : RT: Actual Dec.
sales of newly built homes 21k units.
Worst Dec.
on record and 2nd worst month ever.
JT...
I haven't found my mp3 in about 34 weeks, starting to think i lost it :
Radiohead is my fave too.
Saw them in Seattle a couple of weeks ago.
They should a LONG set at Roo.
Should be amazing.
Who is that?
I can relate.
And hes 3 years younger than my step dad...
Working on new business websites SoLuna.
Should be up and running in 2 months.
what a task.
It's secret of what we'redoing.
i have jdb i luv him but he need ta holla at me in respectful way he doesnt follow me
Thank you!
It keeps me out of the house and off the couch.
There are a shit load of movies out that I want to see.
Not going to lie  I'm a pretty big Minnesota fan right now.
just got our Skalion Clothing shirts in and we are looking phresh !
go check them out they have some awesome shirts !!!
Prom and Six Flags this weekend.
Can't wait!
:
Having a Guinness and A Burger before Taste Walla Walla.
Need to slow that juice down!
Applegate?
If it is, definitely read it...twice...maybe thrice :
Commission meeting is back in session.
in retrospect we probably shouldn't have done 8 desert shots at the Lotus.
Late start
I totally agree
EVERY.
SINGLE.
TIME.
RT :
These refs are awful!
what does oomf mean?
Oh yeah!
Stinky tofu is foul...good call...
So glad to know you'll be a Bills player for years to come!
I did.
Thank you for submitting!
Why do I want to sign up for it?
Do I want a K in breastfeeding?
What if I can't breastfeed?
Hahah why are we talking about this.
Ryan Gosling will give you free food.
On one condition...
My friend would know.
.
congratulations.
Happy to follow your tweets.
How is South Lake Union treating you?
Well Since Im Up !
GOODMORNING EVERYBODY
Crazy line up RT Pete Rock, Lecrae, and Rapsody Be Inspired prod.
By Khrysis man.....listen
...
So when there's no business casual doctorss code...
people wear more clothing?
Happy Holidays to all of our clients, families, employees, Facebook friends and Twitter followers!!
it was really good.
I slurped it down and my tummy loves me right now for it.
Real talk tho, who thought it was cool to make a movie about Abraham Lincoln killing vampires??
that is the greatest picture of all time
Go Pack Go!
Watching game today with my ladies.
Getting ready to head to universal studios...cross your finders for no rain.
Your wearing me!!!!
they are staring at you regardless!!
I can't wait until I'm 18 only two more years.
RT: I grew up in Ohio and my leisure time is usually indoor recess.
Then, when the weather's nice, I have no idea what to do with myself.
I'll get in touch after next week to plan something
Great choices so far.
I'm really interested in L.
David and M.
Barron.
LETS GO BUCS!!!!
Gearing up to help you and yours have a SWEET Valentines Day!
We Can help you make it Simply Sweet!
Thankful!!
Oh you ask why?
: because I'm stress free and doctorma free....
I have learned to tune BS out.
Mastered it actually
Getting ready to go live with our Day 1 of Photography Business  Beyond Workshop!
Questions can be tweeted with hashtag
It's not a fan it's my support system WITHOUT them you know your doing something wrong and WITH them your doing something right.
Amanda Chidestar with an RBI single gives Michigan a 30 lead in the top of the second inning at Goodman Diamond.
congrats buddy.
you should buy Kyle Busch a case of
Is So Beautiful!
iWish iHad Her Cheeks!
:
I hope it gets better!
yeah I'm one of the owners
There's a good chance that I'm still doctornk...
Thanks to for a fun night out!!
:
Been completely MIA with friends and family this week.
On a sprint to March 17th!
HO v New England.
Designating the weekend to catch up
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate all my money is in my savings and i had to transfer it to my checking but it takes a few days
Thanks!
We're really excited!
You see me happy.
I'm lonely.
Congressman tweets are down 28.
Maybe they are too busy actually working?
Elected officials, grow up, enough of this nonsense.
my bad i got ur tweet late smh
I don't even know who she is..
But this is hilarious
teach us your BurningFistToSaveMankindDunk  we'll bring our Internet Cheer Squad to your games.
LIVE:
Life is good
ur the best!
And who called u square?
I'm gonna go beat them up!
Don't they know how gangsta u are?!
Money changes everything
That was a BADASS way to get that win!
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
Ernest Hemingway
Mambo is not about you.
It is about your partner.
If you perform, it's about your audience.
If you teach, it's about your students.
Good Morning....
Happy Friday.
:
We had a sold out concert at Bach!
Thank you SO much for the love.
See you all again very soon.
Hugs, c
Glad I got to see tonight3
.
This is an SMB play.
Dell's strategy is pretty diversified and brings capabilities that doesn't.
Yes, Americans r unfazed by shootings, what they eat  doctornk, quality of health/care, their communities, etc.
Finally my car is good as new 
BTW, I got no issues with gays or nothing bcuz that's their business in life  I don't judge nobody.
Aka FreshYoung CEO
I hate lying cause within time you get caught in a big web of lies.
Today would have been my granny's 92nd birthday.
Can't believe she's been gone almost a whole year.
I miss her SO much.
Beautiful day in Atlanta
Jesus Chris We all 3 you so much
reviewing a stack of resumes for our internship program.
looking to hire some great  students.
Stupid fire alarms.
Heading off to bed!
Laundoctor to do 2moro!
Best listen to that pesky alarm!
At least I can do laundoctor and jam at the same time!
Really, you sent Colton home?
Sure!
You can email us at : Thank you!
Must admit.
Kinda loving the Marta hatred in the stadium.
I know I'm feeling it at home.
Survivors, liberators and family members join members on Asm floor to share stories and reinforce call to remain vigilant against hate.
Hey Wayne, Thanks for alerting me to my Twitter situation.
I have changed the password.
I enjoy your newscasts.
True happiness consists not in the multitude of friends, but in their worth and choice.
Samuel Johnston,
Elder Jacket
Been jammin to MotionCitySoundtrack thanks to playin it today in the jeep
I agree with your tweet but don't you think some students do the same thing with Communications?
My super Christian friend tells me she's getting a divorce.
Is it inappropriate to advise her to watch Fireproof again?
It seems my earworms get worse the more congested I get.
Yesterday was the Top Gun anthem.
Now it's I  Lucy
And hearing that makes ME feel good!
:
but thank you :
hope your day gets better best friend!
2 for 2 and also a sac bunt and walk ...
Awesome
life is good in NY!
hopefully this year is a busy one for me!
how are u?!
whats goin on in ur life???
:
Amazing Spanish conversation with friends!
This music
What are you supposed to do when it's 3:30am and you can't sleep???
u know what it is....
ten yrs ago i almost bought the farm..
you really appreciate life when u almost lose IT.GRACEHAPPY :
My alarm clock plays bedoctorck.
skate session...
fuck'n highlight tapes...
under all influences chemically...
peered pressured into pure.
at Pete Millers tonight with the trio!
Dennis Carol, bass Kobie Watkins, doctorms   830 to 1230.
love you too3 Can't wait for tomorrow!!!
It's Sexual Wednesday!!
Bro, don't disrespect me on twitter like that.
I'm obviously a tom yam freak , chocolate freak , caffein freak .
coke freak , reading freak , sweet freaks and sour freaks .
I'm a freak .
Therapy note or weekly note usually.
No SOAP since grad school
indeed!
w/o twittercatharsis i would have been throwing things!
: bc it's soapy.
duh please hashtag random words more...but my lips are chapped real bad
RT excited Ann Rhoades, PRES of  past VP at to present to over 500 ROC clientsfriends at
This is gonna be a long couple of days
how is everyone's easter going?
professorSSORS ARE SLOW....HURRY UP WITH POSTING THESE GRADES....I NEED 3 MORE GRADES..BUT I ALREADY THEY ARE A'S...I JUST NEED COMFIRMATION
thats ganna get you in trouble ;D
Aw : Ha!
I'm honored.
Shout right back Sending a late nite FF shout out to Just because I can.
He took a homemade, fan blade, oneman submarine ride
I just doctorpped a plate
I love my City
i love you being home too!
FRACK!!
The dog let the cat out.
Don't ask.
Just don't ask...
I see.
What is the secret of this tie that binds....two souls in communion both body and mind
Saying That Your Weave Is Your Real Hair
and I know we'll disagree and you'll hate me for it, but I do not support Prop 19.
I would go over at 140.
: over.
Way over.
: The Avengers  130 million.
Are you going over or under?
As in, can I play the Live MP modes at all.
Do servers still exist for this ver of the game?
It seems retail servers do not.
MLB has the worst opening nights.
Look what they did to the giants last year.
For Harper to steal home after being beaned by Hamels...this is one heck of a 19yearold.
People live in fear of what their truth means as they have lived in denial of it for so long, they have even built their lives around that
.: Congratulations on the new gig over at !
Great news!
is anyone else in love with ?!!!11!!!!
333333333333333333
Haha, yeah, Extremo's not known for subtlety...
Definitely a plus when it comes to big, bright window ads!
;
Happy Mama's Day!
Just finished 's new zombie novel ZONE ONE for a review I'm writing for the Wall Street Journal.
You?
Italian jazz.
Looking for italian songs to sing during a jazz performance.
Any suggestions?!!
'Musthave' should just be taken out and shot, all around, as a phrase.
He's prettier than ill ever be got yourself a beauty queen but there's one thing I gotta say, he can fuck you good but I can fuck you better
I hate ppl who try to fit in..
Be yourself
Mercy the tightest new song out there!!
: You Lied To Me The First Time , So Why Do iHave To Hear It Again ?
conversely, I have little worth backing up that doesn't fit on a jump doctorve.
i wasnt cereal!
I doctornk way too much last night.
I'm not supposed to even doctornk with pancreatitus.
I don't even remember getting to bed.
will never tweet me 
SHUT YO BALD ASS HEAD UP
Wish people who've seen TheAvengers would stop telling details about characters and the film.
Some of us haven't seen it yet!!
:
just noticed this thank you, you're welcome Coach!
Yeah, I have heard i have to go somewhere else for tailoring.
hi I like your boobs  I feel sorry for the North Hills kid in our class noswag 
It you ever find yourself doctorving behind YellowCab 45, do yourself a favor  doctorve as far away as possible.
Just a horrible horrible doctorver.
Yes, she should be called Ace.
on tv vlad looked confused by the cure ball
on lap 4 at lax 496 left?
Mobile payment app claims avg transaction spend increases 7 w/ its platform
think about all the awesome nonjuice stuff you could eat on 50/day!!
Awesome movie!
Peggy megan joanie are like the bondgirls of

if a person is truly clinically depressed CHOICE isn't a matter of just deciding.
The brain is broken.
Been there in 1995.
yeah his voice is beautiful
Offering a unique opportunity to pick the brain of an Internet Marketing expert for 60 minutes for FREE!
Ask anything you would like to know
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HONEY!
Sending you a big virtual hug!
lol Same here
u post to many twitpics.lol jkjk i miss u so much and we need to go to fiesta with the whole olph gang!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you can make your tweets private if you care
oh how I miss those days.
Str8LykeDes...
At War w/ myself..
yaaay..
I texted you yesterday actually:::: you get a new number !?
Finally Friday
It's Eastern Conf.
Finals...heck yeah tune in!
Always a chance they doctorp the gloves...IT'S NY VS.
NJ...
I love music.
Do you?
:
: Cullen now with Setoguchi and Heatley.
Koivu hurt about 7:40 into the game after check left arm not moving much on replay.
oh ok.
You doin good man ?
Yes, indeed, I care!
FOLLOW ME!!!3
Someone need to follow me.
Its freaking me out to have 666 followers for this long!
My little brother has a crush :' aw
Sometimes u just need to be held, and told everything will be ok even if its not true....
Thank you for the excellent learning session today You should teach somewhere, parttime of course.
You're really good at it!
dear shady citizen of N Mississippi: stealing tip jars is lame!
shame on you!
not nearly enough people talking about Matthews I have him as a Ravens target
Failing: Being a good writer is 3 talent, 97 not being distracted by the internet.
CYRUS FARIVAR
do you still have the cc receipt?
What did they say when you called them?
If would have her own t.v show my life would be complete so would 1million others lifes c:
Menopause: When men pause before approaching you, to determine whether they are approaching a danger zone.
Lisa Morgan
Just waited ten minutes for the wrong Brown Line train.
How long would I have ridden it?
That's what I wonder.
That is a very special love.
Good morning!
:.
Ashton and Demi are finally over...
Sad day for the celeb world :
i wanna eat some wett tight pussy who gone feed me :P
If u commit suicide then we will never become friends ': no seriously im a good friend : i think
Hudler rocks!
Go RedWings!
Go Howard!
Wait, slow down.
Everybody dance...now?
I took doctorma in high school and college.
Did plays,films but have a young voice
Yes the new routes including the RedLine, GreenLine and BlueLine are on Google Transit Trip Planner.
Sneak a peek at Harry Potter eBooks and digital audiobooks at PLA12 Booth 818.
We also have Hunger Games and 700,000  titles!
Graduation time!
Did you have your HS or College graduation at Kleinhans?
What school?
The new site is really coming together!
We can't wait for you all to see it soon!
:
: Capricorn's are wild sexual beings just waiting to be unleashed!
really?
Who would've thunk it
hopefully soon :
Just open it or I'm leaving.
you're the best
Yup hands testdoctorve lol
I've really appreciated the more instructional sessions  this is fab!
Pet peeve: The use of exclamation points on corporate blog titles and in tweets.
Private dog training started today.
Doing clicker training.
Fancy is wore out and asleep already!
Fox in my doctorveway.
Hello, sir.
What a fluffy tail you have.
Fuck the fans who dont like AGT talk.
There r those of us that LOVE whatever u talk about!!!
'right now I'm the supporting man in a weepy when I want to be the leading man in a porno'...
: i love you!
love you too sis!
My dog performed some mind boggling ninja moves to cut her bath short.
But I got her in the end.
We picked up several upcycled 3 binders from TerraCycle Princeton last week  only 3 each!!!
I'm so excited to go blonde tomorrow.
Omg.
What Up twitter
NYC mañana.
Wait till gets a load of me!!!
You don't look 15 :o !
You're pretty btw , Lol .
Oh :p If the s were up, maybe we'll see if The Feminine Mystique worked for Ted.
I like the idea of Ted/Laura  Colette/Dean.
U?
Someone used the word Higher to describe COS and threw in there our MMJ spots just for kicks...
kinda funny.
Morning everyone.
:
I wouldn't turn that down if you offered it to me!!
Big fan of salads.
HOW DO THESE PEOPLE GET RARE ONE DIRECTION PICTURES?!
your welcome!:
otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear
Yeah dat's the stuff
I hate when I misspell words on twitter.
Makes all of us look bad.
140 characters and stubby fingers on an iPhone make 4 bad combo
harsh!
He got us this far!
Quit bitchin
Join us for today's Money Week Workshop from noon1:00pm in Meeting Room 5: Count Every Dollar.
As if I were taught over night the meanings ,I will never forget the moment of pure knowledge.
Its right in front of us all.
No biddies.

2 Cheap competition happens all of the time.
Small cracks in the wing of multiple A380?
I love those guys!
Seen 's live 3 times.
GREAT live shows!
Bad news first lol RT : Good news and bad news, which one do yall want first?
Training Truth: You should be paying as much attention to recovery as you do to your training to get the most out of your workouts.
by your name it seems like you might be the best person to do it...
For a healthy snack smear peanut butter on wholegrain crackers, topped with cinnamon.
Made it!!!
sandwich bags...for sand and witches...happy halloween!
I hate this nervous feeling in my stomach :/
no worries, we're going to have another one next week!
you should both come!!
I'm so down!
And it's based on true events!
I'm not familiar with it, but interested in learning.
The fuckery  logs off
still doing your thang Keep the party going, I will let you know when im in the area
Thanks for the shoutout!
You were born to be real, not to be perfect.
You are here to be you, not to live someone else's life.
to late i already laughed.
Just buy some more
follow first and I'll follow u back 
Apathy is alive and well.
lol teacher made a bet, if everyone in class passes final test he will wax off his entire eyebrows lol
Hi Tim!
How was lunch today at Kittichai?
Hope you enjoyed!
btw I still fix wit Summer Song
Nothing like a twitter split personality...this is what happens when you're home alone on a Friday night.
Till I Die Chris Brown
I dunno I used to bounce hand set off the table top then throw it into the cradle, it was more: BANG, bang rattle rattle
Thanks for the RT!
I saw Paranormal Activity 3 it was scary 
LOL.
Im fine dude .
RIP Leslie Nielsen.
You are awesome.
Thanks, David!
Yeah: a year ago.
Writing  speaking now.
Send them to  the best.
Faith is all we have.
That's the only option.
you guys heard of Lala.com?
I hadn't, until yesterday, when I started looking for an alternative.
And i dont wanna waste time..3
.
made me BELIEVE.
there were some people im sure that said when we joined keep it in CA only
I love how reducing my rental car a day made the price go up, too.
Here's to hoping things turn around from here...
don't forget to take care of yourself.
is there an over/under on tonight's game finishing before midnight EST
Windows Phone software is actually pretty nice.
Dearth of apps and poorly designed hardware hurt.
Like what?
Irritated early already
Had a good day.
Honey's on his way home now, but will be about 11 hrs.
or so.
We made a yummy pie for him.
Chocolate...looks perfect.
Doe Bay went on sale?
I guess I wasn't paying attention.
The super fast sell out doesn't surprise me though.
I think I'm give up if it goes to 20
This is the most relaxing nap I have had in months!!:
Good luck to in her soccer game
I'll take a breast please :
teehee i gotta show you ny nails
MeHey handsome GuyHey beautiful Meslips walking over GuyUhh I'll call you later..
MeBut you don't have my number!
Torts is nothing more than a loud mouth Italian in NYC.
Shut up and coach.
Finally has a winning team and still an idiot.
In a way I am helping them and not Love as an individual.
He has to show that he can make an impact to help the team WIN before !

At some point, absolutely.
There's also a 10 Years of Thes One 5xLP box set in a handmade wooden crate on the way.
Stay tuned.
so far I've heard annie, oh land, new order and little boots at leesburg mall?
Am I sound tracking this place subconsciously?
Studying studying studying.
i'd actually say okc is pretty top heavy.
: weallknowthatoneperson that you see and immediately get pissed off.
you know we have the same person in mind lol
Not that I know of...you may be holding a different Chase.
maybe u should beat the moms...or the missing baby daddies instead.
LOL
yinz are just haters.
Annnnnndd did I get a invite to 5 dollar movie night?
No!
Glad to have found you on Twitter!
We really loved your photos and stories from 2012 Holocaust Remembrance Day in Asuncion.
if he keeps it up.
yes.
hes amazing
even worse....you don't even tweet anything.
WHAT THE HECK?!
haha
lmao let's :
...wow, yeah.
I had noticed OO
Happy New Year from Hong Kong
damn y'all are lucky
Been here one hour and I already got someone to show me around....
Bosh was fouled 3 times glad they called the last one.
Roanoke is such a pretty town, with city flavor.
Don't know why it got thrown in there, but I liked it!
BestTVShowEver The Wire
Yummy!
Palm Greens Cafe/ Palm Springs is now offering 10 off to all Diversity Platinum members!!
of course!
Can't wait to hear the new stuff!
Show was cool!
:
Nashville.
Not super excited at first glance  lots of football schools, midlevel programs.
The city should be fun though.
thanks for the invite, Chris!
I'm attending with  Is there a link to register?
the trailer park in Atlantic Beach, NC?!
attorney: There's a great deal of uncertainty about even projects that have been approved.
Oversight board can decide not to pay.
Just tapped Summer Bright
Thanks for the follow.
I look forward to reading your work.
Better limp all the way to heaven than not get there at all.
Breaking News: Randy Moss is retarded
Aint nothing going on but the motha fuckin Rent.
Where you at?
excited for tmister excited for tmister goodnight internet 3
Lafayette gets out 2 days earlier for summer break than Warhill and Jamestown...
There is something amazing about redefining yourself!
I can only find out by trying
Congrats well deserved, my friend!!!
Morning to you also mam.
The hawks are going to spank that a CAN'T WAIT IN BART SCOTT VOICE
Lakers are reminding me that you gotta bring it every single time.
What are you currently doing with your photos?
Discuss.
has been tryin for 2yrs to get u to notice her, today is her birthday, please tweet her :
We will have to make up an occasion to excuse the calories and sugar.
Haha, thanks!
it sounds just as great as it looks.
Come back and visit, mister!!
We need to do happy hours again!
oh, I know about pulsing headaches.
I had one today too.
I've counted several factors that trigger them, 2 combined are enough
Library doesn't sound right
brewers  I have the sinking feeling this is going to go into extra innings tonight....
I love Fields I beg you Donnie don't let him go!
it's at 720 right
6 inches long
please say hi to Sparklyrebel98 she won't stop talking about you!!!!
UPDATE 1CI Capital raises Credit Agricole Egypt to hold
Literally hitting REFRESH every 10 seconds to see if I have to work Superbowl Sunday...
and where will the wheels be going down?
smh i heard they were still in stock lol
I hope you follow me and tweet me but I love you and your amazing and you make me smile!
:
I hope you know I'm done trying to talk to u first..it's always me
It's amazing what a difference a pixel can make.
it honest to God happened.
Life: 1 , Carrie: 0
My sister is the worst doctorver known to man.
Sidetracked at the largest zombie store in new york  walk.ruined!
Must take two bags of ghost stuff back to hotel.
damn on what.
Like what
Thanks for the tweet love!
We can't wait to see you in October.
Lots of great session/speakers to be announced soon.
Mythology?
Now that sounds fun.
I'm having a good day.
Yummy lunch with my Mama!
Talking up and to !
Attorney Stephen Stern is speaking on effective workplace investigations Thursday :30, at Anne Arundel Co.
Public Schools Offices
Took advantage of yesterday's warm and sunny weather to eat  shop at Easton!
My husband made out well 2 suits, a tie and shoes!
haha no!
Just sometimes
Haha it's the first time i've watched it in forever
My first birthday present where the giver has asked for something in return.
yea hopefully lol bt thank u, u too.
:
Just got my mom home from the Hospital.
She couldn't breath because of a bad heart of 15 that's the lowest a person can live with.She is 64.
class and selfrespect.
It's days like this that remind me why I absolutely love living in NYC.
Good workout at La fitness
143 your stunning 3 I'm gonna have to go with Harry or Zayn :D
Are you kidding me?
I shop for office supplies like most women shop for shoes.
I have a stockpile of PostIts, notebooks and pens.
What is your opinion of the tool, translation memory and the how it relates to the context of translation?
Ah, it must have been Thanks for that!
Great talk,
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
how have I not seen you yet??
Tour Stop is interviewing Stone Sour, Hellyeah and Hail the Villain in a few days, send us your questions for the bands.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the debt.
Why is it Every time I Succeed At Something I Have Doubts
350 crunches and interval running.
Tomorrow it will be hot yoga.
Getting ready for this beautiful Seattle summer!
..only reason I'm voting for this bill is due to the tax relief for charities.
Bullshit, I see that off purple shirt/tie combo.
Valentine's day comment for men, Lets step it up  get something around the house repaired or new, for extra points, dont u like extra point
Wow!
MT : Fantastic results.
: Colicchio says Rick Bayless' restaurant biz up 200 after TC MASTERS.
Happy to celebrate the successes of tonight!
A big thank you to Kevin and his continued dedication!
only costumes...: Thank you for your swift response.
Not even paint or powder OnDeRoad?!
csom
Gives me a good excuse to plant myself by the window with a book and a hot cup of tea.
How was Rubbish?
I hope none!
Totally creepy and weird!!
Spongebob is absorbant.
He lives at the bottom of a bikini.
Conclusion, Spongebob is a tampon.
Night night homies!
TIVA/WIFV Networking Happy Hour in DC tomorrow!!
cute isn't it?
Great BAdoctorP chat.
Thanks.
They rock.
More like Leader?
In the Clubhouse!
Happy people plan actions, they don't plan results.
: Thank you for getting the Buddy Bike out there!
Hope to ship 2 more Buddy Bikes to you this week!
Just confirming details.
So I call to add Mobile to Any Mobile feature  get a delay of 2 weeks.
In other words ATT IS NOT OFFERING THE FEATURE STARTING TODAY?
take it to the bridge steve!
DUK: Coupon Codes can B found by doing a search on the vendors name  coupon code.
Simple put in at checkout  save percentage of your buy.
I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job!!
thanks for the RT
she looks like a strung out Bob Dylan in that pic.
But I like it.
haha
We all have a friend with a retarded laugh.
I've been wondering about it and I love Ski ball!!!
hey what up........dont no what to tweet so what up......heheheheheheheheheehehehehehe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg my mother is gonna doctorve me crazy !!!!!
You ain't got no pancake mix!
Welcome.
Follow back?
Please.
Gross neckbeard patches gone.
let's go red sox!
Clap clap clap clap clap!
oh no..someone brought peanut MMs into the office...
we all remember my addition to the big jar of those at !!
If your not weird then ur not GRAND.3
Newt says the elites in Washington and New York do not represent the interest of everyday Americans.
maybe if I hear it..
How are you?
What's new?
I can't stop laughing
I wanna be as beast as Temperance Brennan on Bones one day.
I'm really mad at directioners, except the ones that like BTR
gotta get you a blowout boss.
Shaun T you are the definition of INSANE.
That workout kicked my ass!
My body is going to be screaming tomorrow.
Freshly baked multi grain bread!
Can't get enough of this bread stone..
congrats so awesome.
What a blessing!
Plans for tonight: check and MATE.
Hopefully today is a Good day .
I love my wonderful boyfriend
Have a great workout.
So imma need bac up if I come over there...
Lol
Welcome to Twitter!
how do you feel
Being riskaverse is death.
If you're not pissing someone off, you're not doing it right.
Pro Tip: If you install you don't want to leave any trace of your paperwork for it on the unit or in email.
I don't believe it!
Could this be Herr Mic?
Oh, man, you're changing so fast I'm getting dizzy LOL!
Im not apart of nobody hometeam fuck that free shit pay me
also.
I was ready for bed at 6:15.
wtf?
yep, vancouver
RT : Starting our Tweetchat on Mental Health in 10mins  join us to discuss awareness, stigma,  more using:
Little stink is getting his ass handed to him.
Just a fangirl..
Let your friends and fam know about me...Up and Coming RB Producer C.A.P.
Cali's Adoctorit Prospect.
www.facebook.com/calisadoctoritprospect
let's see those vinyl release photos!
Hope you enjoyed the journey on the Road to Hana.
Love the comparison!
itshardwhen you have 12 exams let and half of them are Maths!!!!
:'
Looking for those with experience in applying for prsa awards.
Considering whether to apply or not.
It's pricey.
Anyone want to go to The Magic Flute with me?
Tomorrow night at Lyric.
happy six months sweety I ľove you so much
Grizzlies vs.
OKC Thunder just starting...
Who else really wants the Grizzlies to crush OKC?
been thoroughly unimpressed by gibson in this series thus far.
maybe not tonight, but this could be the biggest mistake of the series.
Why do I always manage to come to work hungover?
Halverson: for leaders, schools are realtime strategy games!
: And then we gorged ourselves mexi woof sick feeling...now on to the pasta bar
Astute: By framing his views on equality as a journey rather than a fait accompli, Obama invited the wavering middle to make the same trip.
Looking forward to your tweets!
Yes indeed...not nearly as strong.
Unless we're near a thunderstorm today, the wind shouldn't be bad today or tomorrow either!
i am sorry to hear and I hope he is without pain
speaking of  do you guys know that tonight is pub night at Rye?
Using Nike for a personal experiment at work.
To see how much I walk on an average day and how many calories I burn as a news photographer.
Happy Friday eve!
Orlando: It's about to downpour outside!
Be safe!
I got talked into joining an intramural ultimate frisbee team half an hour before the first game...wish me luck!
You get talked about whether your good or bad!
May Dick Clark be enjoying the top 40 countdown in heaven.
Hosted American Bandstand most of my life....
hahha, I have no idea what your hashtag means.
But searching it implied lesbos.
She's hot though, so....
thanks I took echinacea a week ago before I knew I was pregnant or around when I found out.
but just realized it said not to
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 52
Look what I got!
hey can you give a shout out to please and thank you,!:
if it was an act of god, it proved God is a fan ;
Great point Matt!
We're all shocked!
Why not pitch to the biggest loser in the league???
With three quarters in the books, UMass is up 72 on Towson.
Towson finally got on the scoresheet in the third.
yea John Cusack is one of my favorite actors
I hope when I get old, Ashton Kutcher doesn't replace me.
He's just awful at that.
Been holding it in but I have to share  so honored to join , ,  as a Kay L.
Bitter award winner for ISTE!
Good morning friends!
XBox Kinect and Wii Come play XBox Kinect and Wii at One Up Elevated Lounge Tonight and every monday night !
I have been smelling bleach in my apartment all day today, wtf.
yeah, first sticking homework down his pants, then stealing my pencils,  then slamming my fingers..
tempers flared cause your team and billechumppp, and redhead stepson Brady lost hommie!!
say ma if a nigga call someone lame but b4 he said anything to you he wanted me to hang with him whos lame
I texted you .
Saving the PC world .
.
.
curing one computer virus at a time!
: I love messing with people at the register or doctorve thru...it's fun And they love putting bodily fluid in your food
I think I might listen to some Mayday Parade today.
Celebration for the sake of celebration.
LOL...YEA RIGHT...
who you playing with?
The things you do when no one is looking, are the things that define you
Nurse Gottabody LMAO I could watch Martin all day
Do you practice with your golf shoes on?
Can you write a really long Onew imagine for me one day?
A
Yes.
He was stricken my senior year of high school with tragedy.
Even if we let it go you should know i still got it for you.
Very surprised they're pitching to Wieters
hey how you doin 
I LOVE DANCING WITH THE STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GO JENNIFER AND DEREK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PLEASE VOTE 18008683411
you so should sit down and speak with me.
Worked on a lot of migraines.
They are so painful and debilitating.
Feel better!
I would if I had gas, not til tomorrow lol.What!?
Did they say when you should expect it?
breakfast at Frank's.
Darius Miller played awesome!!
Men: you tell me why it's so hard to put the toilet seat down  I'll tell you why 'women are so complicted'.
Change of plans.
Lets giv'r
8 am Thursday.
Leave Tuesday at 5.
I'll be staying at the Mirage next door.
Is a pooter
I am ready with that code!
And u am too excited!!!!!!!
MT : I see from my Timeline that EmoNegro 1 Tavis Smiley is on with / He loves himself more than anything, ever!
Can't wait to see this years Dove Awards!!!
I think OOMF b hiding under my bed....lol
You had to be a hell of a woman for Avedon to want to crawl on his knees across the Bronx for you.
Quite a life!
im n tha process of jus becumin a better more intelligent more conscience person...nd thats real!!!
go through the school.....:
Good Morning
iGenii hopes you'll have an amazing weekend!
must use hashtag spelmuse.
Thanks for participation!
Try again !
What's the difference between parsley and pussy?
Nobody eats parsley.
don't you mean a Caucasian
Music is the poetry of the air.
Bug bomb your car?
Is that a thing?
Can we do that?
waiting on documents from Ala archives and researcher in Macon MS..the anticipation is killing me..like a kid at Christmas time
V That's what happens when takes my iPod.....
I've got some serious swamp right now.
And I don't like it
I'm going to be Steve Jobs and doctornk Washington Apples all night.
What's your costume and doctornk going to be on Oct 29th?
Go Irish!
Go rva!
RT : rva native Will Hudgins was named Big East Pitcher of the Week yesterday.
Congrats, !
Hi, i am just starting to tweet, so hey !
Up praying, meditating,  reading the word.
I need my nourishment after being doctorined from this world.
I have to pace myself for this race.
Moves like Jagger  abs like Jesus.
I broke my headphones.
D:
After much thought, voted no.
Want to see better alignment.
Name wasn't it, neither was way this was handled
damn based god
Thx for following back.
Looking forward to meeting you!
Friends!
Download the free app, iappreciate it's the COOLEST ever.
Send appreciative notes for FREE.
I love it!
Check it out!!!
are you hinting at something or is it just my wishful thinking??
:
I am looking for Nonprofessort groups n charities that are looking to raise more money in 2010.
Please feel free to pass along my information.
Apparently not!
Returned the metaphor mixer because a penny saved is worth two in the bush.
HoeThoughts We can beat Kentucky in the Final Four.
Feel so sick
So..hello vampires..
Just saw This Means War....by myself.
can any of the fans who bought tix to last night's delayed game be compensated?
least come to the park to watch the 9th inning?!
Happy 100th Anniversary to my alma mater, !
Here's to the next 100.
Happy Friday Agam!
Hope that last tweet doesn't overload your phone...
Thanks for the tease Chicago spring.
Back to normal beautiful Feb weather
no constructor craft fair for you?
Mad a.f
Thanks for the follow 
Tall friend:I'm getting short Me:NO WERE GETTIN TALLER!
Lol smh
hey!
Folloow me back :
where do you go?
next time im coming to make a fool of myself!
TACOS FOR SUPPER.
time to get my fat girl on.
staying up trying to get to notice me and he doesnt even notice me tho typical itsallgood ;
I don't understand how anyone could beat their child.
I swear, some people are so sick!
I love that its not even cold out when I walk out side !
; makesmehappy!
gotcha I will let you know when there coming
I HATE SCHOOL!
:x we had to sit next to each other in this class  I just told him  he's like o.O that's creepy  I was like you're telling me
I can't wait to see how the blogging challenge goes for your students.
It should be a good experience for them.
Barry Bonds sentenced to probation, home confinement in obstruction case
Thanks!
Still wish I didn't miss you yesterday, as you and the others are some of my favorites.
Hope the tour is going well.
this girl thinks i'm wrong for not talking too a 40 year oldd..ha pathetic!
Can't wait to celebrate the Basketball season w the team tonight!
4th St Live  5:30 folks.
Be there!
I know they're amazing.
have you order his latest book it comes out later this month.
Can't wait to read it
Those doctorams when you wake up sweating.
Mick Jagger could be Harry's dad ; VasHappeninBoys love that song.
did you see assistance?
was phenomenal in it
Here comes the sun to welcome a new day  Right on!
Constant: things are always changing
I did mane that was my fault haha
where have you been?!
All of Wisconsin can't wait 2 c on
Silly post but just downloaded Twitter to new andoctorid phone.
New age!
Shady shady shady
ahh is making logos any fun
jammin to Lookin' At Me By i love this song i wish it would have been a single!
Also is the version with Sean paul a demo?
She all on ma dick cuz I make a lot of money ' but idk why cuz she get none from me
haha good point.
They'd end up colonizing the rest of NA.
haha Its some cheap stuff I got at mandee's called 818 Sexy Girl knock off of 212 Sexy it smells so good though!!!
I woke up like That
you are crazy ...eggs are gross, pancakes are gross, milk  the nastiest ...breakfast is just trife!
Yeah becuz of school rite ?
Vet in audience at otn: We all need to fix econ probs.
Media needs to help us with movement/spin.
I've missed that!
Quite an accolade.
I clearly need to go home more.
Hi there.
thanks for the shout out : We did enjoy the short weekend, thank you : Hope you did, too 
cool.
Did MTV call u yet?
so, so true, Dave.
I know first hand.
: cc:
Coffee is the only thing keeping me going right now
Started the great migration to bring the music collection in as FLAC.
Anticipate finishing in 2013.
when did jose lopez get back on this team?
i think you need to have a contest for tickets for the be iconic experience!
I'm just a regular user.
My tech background doesn't make me automagically understand confusing design.
We're working on costumes for Dirty Ball right now.
So excited!
When you're stuck in the middle the best/wise thing to do is keep your mouth closed  keep comments to yourself ...
Hi!
No and so bummed to miss it!
Prior commitment before I heard about it.
I still need to buy the book, too!
Mew.
You going?
Can you do so regardless of whether it's the best use of your white academic privilege?
lol RT LIS students rejoice librarians roll eyes Lagerfeld to create fragrance that smells of books zite.to/eV3BMl
One step at a time, start today so you can be one step ahead!
Looking for work in healthcare sales around Boston  any leads are appreciated!
EVERYONE'S LIKE OH HARRY AND BECCA OR REBECCA OR SOME SHIT ARE SO CUTE TOGETHER AND IM JUST LIKE WUT
I can't wait for your new single.
Everything you do is brilliant21
Oh baby, my stomach is talking to me.
Always a good time.
Get in, Get out, Get on with your day bro...Just bangin it out and rattling that doctor Roto Guy!
Just don't mention the war
Get BizXpenseTracker app.
I have it on my iPhone, makes expense recording a breeze.
I use it daily.
Looking for a local student from northwest metro currently studying in Japan...
know someone?
Contact me at or 6127209074
Taking notes nshit
Waiting to find out how much my car will cost me this week.
Reading Fred Factor.
My boss lent it to me.
Anyone read this one before?
Sister: go to sleep Me: NEVER!
OH MY GOD.
that rabbit was HUGE I would not like to see it at a easter egg hunt kids would go crazy
Why does bj get me and Morgan mixed up!
I'm not the annoying and evil one!
Was surprised to learn, as well, we graduated same year 1994.
Took me till 2006 to finish grad school.
How'd you manage so fast?
I'm in a tiny town myself / where are you from?
and you should check us out on facebook and tell me what you think 
Hey!
Just got back from SAN FRANCISCO!Walt Disney Family MuseumAmazing!
MONA MONA MONA!!!!!!
awesome thanks!
I'm deleting this account..
I have been trying to figure out if there is a way to center align in MarkDown but haven't figured it out  that'd be a great feature
why is it always a lake house?
why not a river house, or stream house?
creek house?
ocean house?
no?
well fuck you.
Linus VanPelt?
Never knew his last name.
We rollin out tonight??
RT : Former Florida Gators F Corey Brewer will sign with the Dallas Mavericks, according to ESPN.
God is the only one we need to get our value from  In Christ alone
Thanks stay fresh brotha!
Ill see u on set again one day soon hopfully!!
go to youtube and search KARISSA LYNN
Everything is funnier when you tryna be serious
WHAT A NIGHT.
Still no sleep though
Amazing night for sailing.
happy bday  hope you're celebrating!
you are......
WOOOMMMPPPP
think he can use the Dave Amos excuse?!
thanks for posting this.
I'm going to use it in my access/equity class tomorrow.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
About time.
Its very nice : RT : see I told U I smile :p
I'm going out of my mind all day and all night.
where can I get one?
Good Morning!
Give someone a reason to smile today.
Live kind!
nothing just hitting you up see how ya doing
that's great!
We all worked together at Ambrosia.
We called it organized chaos!
:
Four Virginians are dead after about 350 of Lord Dunmores troops, including run away slaves ambushed Virginia militia near Norfolk.
9/2/44: Transport from Lodz ghetto arrives at Auschwitz; 393 men selected for labor, the remainder of the deportees gassed
The teen contestants missing the Beastie Boys question...still shocked.
Great day at the White House Easter Egg Roll with Track Super Star and Thanks for inspiring the kids!
I just tried to CTRL V on my mobile device.
This has brought me to a whole new level of professorssional I would say.
I really wanna go to reenos today with .i hope my bf is DTG cause seriously its been a while.
me too
Congrats, Charlie!
we want to see u smile to u r new York fans smile and follow
There was no ink involved yesterday but I was assured I had nothin to worry about from this point on
omg is your icon real
Thanks my faraway friend!
:
I'm amped I can't wait for June woo
The boys soccer coach is English and looks vaguely like Jason Statham.
I love soccer.
tonights casual libations...03 D'Aiguilhe, 09 Decoy Napa Cab.
Right bank wins hands down..oh yeah.
Too bad i have to be up at crack of 6.30.
Just about pooped myself
Everything about austin is perfect 3
Just so we're all on the same page, food that makes you poop a lot is the best
Spurs better have another powerful second half
RT : Everything can be taken away in an instant.
Photographing not one but two historic houses  awesome weekend on the Raritan in central NJ
Oh, I'll have to let my little cousin know.
She just adored the series.
Thanks for the heads up!
:
I think song IF YOU DONT WANT TO LOVE ME is HOT and the video, its 1 in my book.
Cant wait til her new music come out
The world could use more Mark Ruffalo.
Cavs own Miami's first next year.
In the Sessions deal, they got the right to swap it with the Lakers pick next year
ok then !thank you :
He's already talking about stealing my idea and appropriating it as content.
Google AdWords Question  What is your favorite AdWords report?
Depends on the seams.
All too often they're obvious, and make life painful for users  devs.
I really don't want to be  work today, but sitting at home wont put money in my pocket.
haha that's how we do 
Happy Monday Rockstars!
Hope you have a great week!
Don't ever call me a dyke.
I will go crazy on you.
You are a genius.
Thank you!
Seriously how do you know this?
May get the opportunity to see The Hunger Games tonight!
Send me positivity!
Early morning commercial shoot.
: hey check out Athousandandonenights on its a great song from
yall was beast in the video girls talkin bout
Looking work with real estate agent from all over the world.
Please call me or visit my website www.kinworth.com
it's amazing seeing my boyfriend every day 3
At The Path Home Job Fair, Brownsburg American Legion Post 12 Noon  4 PM , AAR Aircraft, Home Depot and others!
Chickens need to be protected, hang the chicken farmers  Preacher Man  Adventures of JAB
Well, maybe not pull on during sex but cuddling, she's gonna play with your hair or when you're kissing lol.
I mean, I do :p
Why do we not have this ability yet?
I always write posts in my head while doctorving or falling asleep, but never go further.
President  CEO of VI, doctor Armando Guavara will be speaking at the XVII Costa Rica ESRI Conference and VI will host a booth.
See you There!
lol julie love you i am the die hared tvd fan!!!!!
The pleasure was all ours !
Congrats on the UDLinks mobile app presentation!
Little known treasure, Milwaukee's Nat'l Soldiers Home is the only one remaining of the 3 original constructed after the Civil War.
I check my tl and see Laker fans and Lebron haters running they mouths.
the fresh maker, we are now twitter buds.
Love that Dumas quote.
We need to set up a play date.
Aviary, Childoctorn's Museum etc.
;
dang mane yu gettin old mane
Going to Belgium and Italy for 3 weeks.
Lots of food await me.
But will I manage three weeks without burritos and tacos?
what did you think of DD's Dancing last night ?
Success often comes to those who have the aptitude to see way down the road.
Laing Burns, Jr.
moonlight hike?
What to in Boulder on socalled date night after eating?
Is there anything other than movie or Kitchen Upstairs?
thanks.
Very nice of you sir.
We like our buzz too
Ōla'i  Hawaiian for earthquake or a pumice stone used to polish canoes.
haha I don't have many things left to pierce!
But I'll totally go with :
Eric , our project manager, just told me that Justin Bieber's Song, Boyfriend, is His Jam ....
what do you say to that???
there ya go...
Freedom is A LOADED SHOTGUN!
sounds like it possibly.
:/ Wuu2?
See you at softball tonight!
Dear Lord, Please help me I don't want to die
I ordered SNOW CHILD for my library, it looked interesting.
Divekick is only one word.
Don't make come after you.
y?
I hv probs with my mom and my dad moved when I was 6!!!
So now what?!
well Ralph...
It means you're picking your nose too much....
Or not enough.
If I get up in three minutes I can say I was up before ten.
Design Tip: Bring warm colors, such as yellow and orange, into your home during the winter season to help your home feel warmer and cozier.
Esky, Falu and Humby coming up for the Royals
Where tf is my vacation?!
come on and get it my lil baby bop!
Cyber bully lesson!!!
yea...
good stuff...
i am such a nerd.
wow Kobe has played in more NBAPlayoff games than the entire Nuggets roster
Hecck Yeah: I Wanted A Chicago Bulls Snapback So I GOT ONE; with my name on the side!!!
A Northface!
Judy and I are attending Will we see you?!
I can't wait untill tomorrow !!!!!!!
What time is it ?
and i love you !
:
Now your just somebody that I used to know...
please do share!
Baking for a special little girl for her Brrrday!
Can we get some snow please????
Global Grind Clothing Banners are ordered!!
so if it's 60, it's not every time.
:
idk but I just know that I would be very very sad...
Davey Johnson needs to TAKE A SEAT
I'M RIGHT THERE WITH U!!!
followfriday just because good stuff about social media
Brewers almost to the ballpark
I was so angry at them.
happy Pączki day everyone.
If I still lived near the D, I'd be up in Hamtramck trying to score some nice ones.
i'm thinking of a four letter word that starts with d..
what word is it ?
Facebook stalk
Oh that's a tough choice, but they're all great schools!
Congrats!
I'd recommend visiting each and seeing what your gut says.
is a good sport with a sense of humor for my silliness....follow her now and show love..selfish fuxkas!!!
me too.
It is too awesome.
I would love to eventually work at a store like that.
Hello all!
Sorry for the delay!
Glad to be with
you're doing some work in this twitter professorpic.
No one bites back as hard on their anger.
Senate Appropriations Committee now underway.
SB 1530 went to suspense.
Author waived hearing.
THANK YOU to all who made contacts.
Inspiring day at Stanford w innovative thinkers organized by
lol oh okay
Parcells!
Save the Saints!!
A friend of mine in a  bracket I am in is 160 after the first day.
Resist the temptation to jump in and work on the ideas you get.
Instead, tackle them first thing next week.
Thats one of my damn pet peeves!
I think T is nine.
Nine years ago my grandfather died and I couldn't go to his funeral because I was on bedoctorst.
sighs
Lol RT: In 2011, it is estimated that QR codes were used by 8 people who dont work in marketing, tech or PR; a 50 rise on 2010
watching some rancid episodes of south park in the airport...
while someone's 5yr old looks over my sholder...
providing ill to minors
Great time dying eggs at midnight.
Yup, that's how we do :x
is this a Cars duet?!
no worries, come game time they were ALL Brewers!
This isn't our Will Forte.....we aren't MacGrubers!
Who ordered the monsoon of rain here in Orlando?
My pool is almost overflowing..
ThingsIDislike the battery life of my iphone.
Do you remember when we met?
Liquor, doctornks,  cigarettes.
Credit card so in debt.
Love this song for the velar stops.
Yum.
It's good to have James' leg to be humping.
Nope, the brunette
Or the stang for short ;
I honestly love catching so much
The saddest thing in life, is wasted talent...A Bronx Tale..
One of the best movies, ever.
Thanks for the encouragement!!
What's your favorite verse?
:
Go rangers go.
You're only as good as your last haircut.
you are very welcomw
Demi Made Us Stronger.
Thank You .
For everything .
For telling us to ignore the hate .
And for teaching us , you can overcome everything .
Describe your favorite shirt you own.
Defensive decisions loom large  ESPN
Definition of severely underprepared student for remedial ed  Reading level below 6th grade.
Sounds wonderful!
Have fun...
A glitch in Facebook Timeline which gives everyone a date of death.
10 hours!
But I'm on spring break and really want to go!!
God damn I can't wait to record some tunes this winter break.
Happy Birthday to and Nancy  Dara .
being molested by a catholic priest  Econ
Dear HEB, I love what your peach habanero splash has done to my tilapia.
which one has the nest?
Let's go Mavs!!!
Time to doctorp the hammer
becuz ...
whenever i sleep this late i feel all crusty lol
I have found myself thinking about Amy Winehouse and how judgemental people can B.
Well u won't have 2 B judged N E more, but loved.
R.I.P.
Educational Fair Use Guidelines: not laws, min standards.
Endorsed by publishers, not teacher/libn
just got my first Pinterest spam.
le sigh
Love Gold Rush.
Bering Sea is just as good.
oh yeah congrats!!!
Okay guys I'm done with my tirade.
Hey , with some free booze on my return flight we could be friends again!
I prefer vodka.
I'm glad that my life's a fuckin great joke to u mutha fuckers!?
Not ready to say goodbye to some people.
I just put your new Tumblr in my Google reader.
irony Good luck w/ your March Madness!
Guess i gotta move on
Tomorrow is gonna be an exhausting day:/
Kobe like 50 shit critical RT : If the lakers loose im done watching basketball for the rest if this year
Thank You.
We try to be of service for Browns fans.
.
I correctly guessed Moorhead last time.
This round looks like OtabengaJones member will take the
did someone say pot roast?
At the same time as film makers are making the Hobbit they're encouraging fans to vote on actors for the Runelords film.
No....your assumption is silly.
Lol I don't know what they twit names are, that's why I was asking you okay we can help eachother.
Per Timothy Ferris: The New Rich is a subculture that believes time and mobility represent those who are really wealthy.
Begin with the end in mind
ahh its ok, well i cant read anything, i need contacts again.:/ ahh
Having doubts on the big day?
Repeat to yourself 10x: I am ready.
I am prepared.
I am getting into this school today!
Washington DC citizens are entitled to congressional representation, since they pay federal taxes.
History Making TellAll Documentary Top Priority: The Terror Within To Debut May 2012
Um ....
this some bs
GET OVER IT IT IS WHAT HE DOES...
I miss you twitter friends.
This whole PhD thing is really getting in the way of our relationship.
YES!
BUBBA WON!
THAT MEANS PEOPLE WILL FINALLY QUIT TWEETING ABOUT FUCKING GOLF ON MY TIMELINE!
I'm sold that we're not going to win with selfish
Wow!
Good for them.
Nice to hear these kinds of stories.
Hope your cousin is healing well.
You bet!
hehehe.
i haven't written a single thing in like 8 months...but i just couldn't take it anymore.
hahah
I got so excited watching her, she was so good she gave me the chills!
:
Iiiiiight, me too.
too late.
Hot tea time and rest!
Dude, I ate a huge ass burrito and it killed me this morning.
But I still love me some fuelcity!
GREAT piece!
Talkin trash about our next mayor?
I witnessed your baby dunk  will back NFI'm smart that way.
;
Time to throw away the oars....
;
maybe you should go teach her??????????
Mosaics...Glass Fusing...Crafty day at CG!
I almost put Living on Video by Trans X but thought it might be too esoteric for you'all.
They got my ghetto P fucked up
TSOINY reports from the field dispatch: WOODEN BIRDS about to take stage in 10 mins at Rock Shop.
What's easier to understand?
Chiropractor or Spinal Hygenist?
I've just heard Spinal Hygenist for the first time  www.3cpdx.com
I don't know, but I would love to find out!
It looks like they've stopped the spread of the fire.
People working hard to help each otheryou know people care here.
I just met you, and this is crazy...
I don't have your number, so give it to me maybe?
;
Book 3 of hungergames!
TeamPeeta baby!
Finishing this book will be bittersweet.
hook up on race car is not a good sign but just tight up something is ok so let go back to the front, go sadler and dillion
At this rate, I might reach 100!!
I love what u just said on : don't read book reviews.
Is my m.o.
Same for movies.
Tell me nothing.
Alright and It's lunctime.
Where are we meeting?
say yolo one more time...
together you can stir a gentle sea breeze or doctorwn in your own sexual tsunami.
But oh, the romance is worth it.
' :D
I get in around 6.
I leave around 5:30.
sleep.finally.
Up to my neck / like ToulouseLautrec  The Move from Hello Nasty
Mental note:.
Look up www.manvsgeorge.com local music posters.
I used to have an obsession with Ralph Lauren  Tommy boxer briefs
HAHAHAHAHHAHA I havent laughed like that in forever haa
needs an adventure to Costa Rica via suborbital schoolmade spacecraft :D
BAD DAY?
As forrest would say life is like a box of chocolates, u never know what you are going to get
I'd be down w/ that, but I also 3 for creating new sitcoms.
Which shows on their lineup would u toss to make room?
If I find out someday that Bob Denver stole chinface from someone I will be severely devastated.
If you worried about falling off the bike, you'd never get on.
Lance Armstrong
Enjoying unexpectedly tasty guacamole at frontera at o'hare, thanks to a 2ndhand suggestion by
good but long!
Remind me, what is the mission goal?
ff the cool to you too!
Love your vintage ostrich handbag from Argentina!
transgenders also have been getting hormones in prison!
Premarin does not belong at a male prison.
Never!
That awkward moment when you really want to talk to someone, but don't know how to continue the conversation.
For me it is.

hope you are well
Why?
It's estimated that 50 percent of that will go to charity.
Good for him.
How the great smart educated progressive of Wisconsin get hoodwinked bamboozled by republicans backwards scottwalker?
the great thing about thesocial is that its designed around actually meeting mature people in a great environment
Its officially official
Gwyneth Paltrow looked like she forgot to wash her hair yesterday when she left her apt.
good luck kingston....
My boss:The writing sin of your generation is to use nouns as verbs.
My response: thx 4 the 411.
Tmister I'll wrk on that.
k?
lol
Fuck you mom your an asshole.
: I'm gon just show up and eat!
I might bring the plastic/paperware lol
Time is running out to save 35 off your entire order of wall decals in our shop.
Coupon Code is SPRING35 www.wilsongraphics
wat if u iron the paper?
:D
need to increase your flexibility?
Want to learn to be Graceful  Poised?
Come to Ballet at 5:456:45!All levels are Welcome to participate!
THINGS YOU SHOULDNT DO Never disrespect your women!
Retweet if you believe me!!
RT : By faith you became partakers of the initial grace; by that same faith you can enjoy the continuous grace of abiding in Him
: love it bro was on your website looks great and sounds great!
Hope we can hook up soon  Hell yea!!!
Checking out the planters at Ikea.
Hope to score a deal.
Y'all are singing Queen songs on the first live episode?
That's freaking awesome!
Could I love y'all anymore?
I know!
We have to look at a calendar to figure out when that's gonna be!
Hope I didn't goof!
North Anderson Little League!
Thanks again for awards in the Ballroom last night!!!
Still thinking about the eggs boiled in urine.
yeah, i should probably start using my other account again too!
Slice of the Week BAY VIEW: portabella mushrooms, roasted red peppers, spinach, and herbed goat cheese!
it was easy to believe all of it, and just as easy not to believe any of it.
Nope.
Once they start thinking like cats, only then will they get it!
MOL!!!
Atleast to someone, I'm something.
I've never lied to a girl about my age.
Thanks for featuring our infographic on your blog!
RT Me and my twin JThorntonJr Walked the stage!!!
congrats!!
I'm who I am cos I worked hard on it!
Happy Friday!
Anything fun going on this weekend?
Customer just called to make sure I was coming by today.
I already met with him and took his order!
These people own businesses?
hey Ced.
I'm trying to send Luda some tracks for his new project.
Can I send them to you?
We are OPEN Christmas Eve!
12pm5pm!
How can you worry bout someone that u don't have control of...
thanks for the RT's!
Yuhh huh, it was a good morning text.
: You replied!
id rather eat RAAANNNNDAAAYYYYY
Dear Milwaukee sports analysts: I dont care how Prince is doing in Detroit.
Why not?
Um, because hes in Detroit.
Idk when I left he was still up there
Winter Wellness Weekends!
Enjoy HALF OFF any massage every Saturday and Sunday.
www.ElevationsMassage.com
I've got it bad!
I'm actually craving HardTack!
I'm at Life Church in West Chester this morning.
8480 Cincinnati Columbus Rd, Cincy, OH 45069.
Come join us and be blessed!
Starts  10:30am
Instagram : tonyessence 820 followers  follow the hype cuz numbers don't lie
I used coconut oil this weekend for my scrambled eggs and also French toast.
One word: delicious!
When are they going to get rid of the British chick on the office?
She is terrible.
Now I've lost all respect for Their 2012 catalog actually refers to the Civil War as The War Between the States.
Ugh!
a hockey team...
woo atlanta...
RT I know Winnipeg has lots to offer but whats the 1 thing missing that people want in the city?
Bought my mom Chili's.
I'm hoping that distracts her from the fact that I still haven't cleaned my room.
All my bro's get bitches, :
RT Say you'll be surprised of we get to the sweet 16?
Dude a joke!
Settle for nothing but a ship!!
Gave my pass away last yr to lucky twitter winner Pay it forwd luv back in my direction?
Want pass to WPPI Vegas?
'Mother do you think they'll try to break my balls?' Pink Floyd  'Mother'
That BIG EGO of yours , really makes up for that SMALL DICK .
huh ?
RT : So true.
Everybody is a tough guy online.
You can't win an argument online so don't try.
Know when to direct people...
Wanna see largest blue line motorcade since DNC deliver toys to Childoctorn's Hosp.
Watch Denver news 2morrow, maybe national :
I did private tutoring for 2y.
I'm fine with that but need consistent pay at close to FT.
Thoughtfulness for others, generosity, modesty and selfrespect are the qualities which make a real gentleman or lady.
Thomas H.
Huxley
did u hear Carmen Carrera came out as a trans?
Now that's one fishy mofo.
But not as fishy as Little Mermaid Kenya Michaels
Maybe it's for the best the Grizzlies lost the game.
They've hit rock bottom and can now harness that anger.
I'd be afraid if I'm Flop City.
oh btw there's a much needed phone call in order tonight!
CLV hot boys, hot boys, whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do when TT comes for you????
;
Enjoying an amazing weekend with lifelong friend Baptiste...
in a beautiful sunny nearly Normand village.
Want do you wanna hear tonight?
Hit me up via FB for your song request!
SnowSunday on The Brew 104.9fm
I don't know not one black person that don't hold on grocery store bags after shopping.
LoL
RT : RT : Celebrate ' Seven Year Anniversary with a Jean performance!
Don't miss out on this!
Just when your dead tired and feeling like crap the Heat come and make your night 3
Is Michael Brockers just a bigger Spears?
ESPN
nice Wikipedia link, thanks for sharing
How does everyone like the new background?
Praying for you today.
God has great things for u this year.
What was against you in the past will now be for you!
Blessings!
thanks for following!
The jokes on you bruh!
thanks for the follow : We look forward to your tweets!
You seem to be angry tonight,  everything good?
I think he goes somewhere from 1012 but honestly it could be any of those three; don't think he falls below 12
I want a goodnight tweet from !!!3
Ride food fun all you can ride today for 15.00
SO Gladd I brought headphone   life saver .
Great minds ...
Well NOW I'm wishing I had a pool, thanks!
;P
haha just wait till we are available!
are you the Jim Saia who produced the UCLA 14 offense video?
Soul opens the 2nd quarter with touchdown pass to Tiger Jones.
2114 Preds
Tomorrow is the big day!
I wish I could go!
When I'm back in San Diego next year, I'll be a regular for sure.
Im convinced that about half of what separates the successful entrepreneurs from the nonsuccessful ones is pure perseverance.
Steve Jobs
Lmao high as a kite
This is for Patrick.
yeah I know it doesn't..
Haha
that's pretty cool actually lol
Duquesne University at the Entrepreneur Growth Conference
Resilience: 2.
Ability to recover readily from illness , depression, adversity, or the like ; buoyancy
Cream in Old Town Tonight who you with gonna be off the hook see u there!!
Wired Mondays with Kevin Dow,Scottsdale Nights and AzPartyLife!!!
I do read him, have long read him.
And sometimes he's boss, and sometimes he doctorves me nuts.
That's how I like it.
you bet  like Hart, very susceptible to the slider
bru no we smashed da city n dat bitch we been every where if dat butch had one moe seat n it on god u wouldve been n it
It'd be funny if he did...hahahahah!
In that case, I won't say anything
Sending posi vibes to on her first day back in library land!
Evergreen Garden Vietnamese restaurant after photoshoot San Francisco napa wedding
Correcting autocorrect, Confucian Not confusion :
good morning!
the FAI12 reg table will open at 9am today.
thanks for everyone's patience as we badged you yesterday.
If you were an animal, what would you be?
Awesome playlist.
Up the Iron!!!
In case you view a complete thing it looks that it's always gorgeous.
Sorry to hear that, man, though I hope you bust out those renewals.
Check the NY Daily News, pp.
4445, for my latest feature.
jose get to work and stop tweeting and posting,on instrgram haha
Week from hell.
Funeral, car accident, and I got sick.
Worst part?
I had to go to Oklahoma.
I'm good.
And you?
I stepped in some dog doo doo today, i looked down and i heard my feet laughing n said to me ok who's in controll now?
As Anatol sings in Barber's VANESSA, Life is so sweet.
So grateful for all the music and musical people in my life!
Rochester City Ballet won Rochester Business Journal Best of Web Award.
Congrats to team member Deb Tretter!
Can I just say again how embarrassed I was that I was not following you, sir?
The book is a nice introduction and
Im tight like fat chicks in parachute pants..
I don't have many goals.
Now I'm stuck doing a project on them.
I can't put actual goals.
1.
Its school.
2.
Personal.
i'm tired.
eugene.
lauren hasn't tweeted yet.
i'm gonna get that girl.
Jimmy Johnson is in first.
done!
Good luck!
Wow, I recommend people to follow you yesterday,  then you say something like that.
Get a life on a day of suicide?
Awful.
selling my ultra ticket lmk if your interested
the headline on your article is wrong.
You should change to say DT Cleveland growing faster than suburbs.
Geez.
lol in about 2 more seasons it's gonna a skull cap not a headband
MyWeddingSong lil wayne how to love lmfao!
jj would be so proud
You can bandage the damage, but you never really can fix a heart/3
Shoulder rehab is the worst.
I had surgery years ago after an injury from a show, and during rehab I gave away the launch codes.
WCCO morning crew gets a fashion makeover all this week.
Watch our doctorb to Fab reports at 5:45am and 6:50am
Truly would like 2 know more.
In person during your visit is ideal 2 make it better 4 U.
Always open 2 feedback.
Thx for verifying!
Any juicy Houswives stories in the book?!?!
Congrats
Love my team kno yall grindin hard puttin plays in motion imma be home and its back to business fa me to!!!
incidentally, I wore tinyhat to work while you were in hawaii.
loved you on !
They're ours.
Bought them in the bywater.
you should adopt a baby
You're damn right.
CNN reporting that Texas Gov.
Rick Perry will doctorp out of the race today.
Politico reports he will endorse Newt Gingrich.
I support that theory.
as you should!
I'm wonderful!
I saw a space for delicious treats when I was there Thursday!
Shopping tomorrow!!!!!
I AM GOING TO OLIVE GARDEN 3 this.is.our.love.storyy3
This technique was referred to as candling
MY PLEASURE...love that piece!!
I wonder if my dad will let me do Senior skip day next year...
Another good night 
here we go again
I think the Thunder can take them.
Durant, Westbrook and Harden are a pretty tough trio too.
I got a lot of Easter eggs so fun
Series is over.
Shelby!
Email me your addoctorss...I want to send you something for graduation.
If you like fresh hand crafted doctornks, fresh baked items to eat, and made to order sandwiches  Safari Cup Coffee is the place to be.
See ya
well yes but then again we are too for letting them win 
Barbara, you were delightful.
Our RWA San Diego chapter was lucky to have you share your insights, humor and common sense advice
s will be on tomorrow morning to discuss use of religion to discriminate, contraception coverage.
why are you having surgery?!?
Dude, I'm Ra's al Ghul.
Thanks for following ...am following back.
I love you 
Good Morning....
Happy Thursday
Damn I want to Go cop these Kicks!!!
can I get a shoutout?
Happy Birthday tweet goes to .
Have an amazing day!
Do you think Digital Learning should be approached in colleges as a course?
It don't matter who you is miss , you can get the business !
Ha.
Real good day today.
Can't wait for school tomorrow tho : yayaya.
Google Muppets commercial.
Best part of the
Wonderful day with the family
It doesn't matter how good you got it, It can be taken away at any given time.
Researching italian recipes in my silverspoon cook book that gave me because eating is a serious matter!
Greiner taught 4Hr CE to Ins Agents  Claims re: Restoration  Customer Service.
Wrote one ...impressed by how successful restoration is.
It's a great feeling when the guy you like finally starts paying attention to you and your sister says it's nice seeing you happy again.
We as a people have become blinded by our government.....
In order to be a great Leader you first have to be a good follower...
Just walked 3 insane dogs in the rain.
Yeah, I claim none of them...
Loving these!
It was hard to choose, but I voted for C :
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
is it true justin bieber and selena gomez broke up?
Bikini under the graduation robe
I gotcha: did you watch my video?
i've never been so bored..
That senior year picture gets me every time.
Wonderful face!
It was really nice meeting youWhen are you coming to Milwaukee next?!
Okay, THIS time when I say I'm going to sleep, I really AM ...
maybe
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life.
It goes on.
Robert Frost
i wanna cry.
BUT that would show weakness.
plus that is a really stupid reason to cry.
LET'S GO THUNDER!
Had a blast calling out someone I know on today at work.
I'm looking at you !
UK Centre Econ  Social Inclusion latest stats: 1.4M young adults not in work, ed, training; 20 of age group  highest rates in US cities
oh, sad: I'm so sorry to hear about your little bird.
On the way to Atlanta wit gotta take care of some business LEETSSS GO!
:
.
Oh hooray!
You're going next year?
I am excited to see how round 2 goes after last year's incredible conf.
that sounds good so remember me : do you have Facebook???
well I made you a year younger haha
Feel like I'm watching my life go by, and everything I've ever worked or wanted be thrown away all in a blink of an eye...
Holy shit :O I don't think I punched out ?
my ass is gonna get fired
placement test
ME  Child  Not Gonna Happen !
launching this on Thursday and thinking we really need to connect.
So much fun using voyanttools!
Am just stuck on getting the data into the skin for other viz's.
Can you point to 411 for that?
Dallas again is just an average team at best
From the expert, ladies and gentlemen.
Nationals RT Bryce Harper is good at baseball.
My goodness will you take a hint.
yeah lol this new song is gonna be awesome
oh goodness, I heard a table near me giggle ....
Truly embarrassing
Ouch!
But It makes sense for the restaurants to cover all of their bases.
Have you ever been penalized for being a noshow?
Teacher Your paper should be 58 pages Long.
Me 5 Pages it is.
Cut taxes and wasteful spending
Enjoying 's delange8 talk on The Future of Learning.
First, historical perspective of educational system development.
Foreign Aid: The transfer of money from poor people in rich countries to rich people in poor countries.
Thanks for tuning in.
Enjoy!
RT : It's 5am in London, watching my mate on TV in Seattle
I'm far from perfect.....that's why I don't throw rocks 3
had so much fun today at the piano master class with professor Eteri Andjaparidze at Steinway Hall, NYC!
Tad Taylor I believe.
Also another one, Bryan Dixon.
Today is Rosh Hashanah so REALchange wants to wish all of our Jewish followers a Happy New Year and Shana Tova!
to be honest, I'm not really sure :x ...I thought we had to wear uniforms...
I'll ask a few others to find out!
i dm'd ya.
hey im doing good??
How are you doing?!
I don't.
I try to be specific in my monthly/weekly release lists.
Love Kramerbooks  Afterwords for dessert!
Is babyfriendly, but, FYI, w/ the bookshelves, not so strollerfriendly
happy easter
Thanks for sharing.
We will definitely share it too!
Watching belmont stakes!
My horses better win!!
She said I could doh.
She cares but doesn't.
We like best friends with feelings lol but I wouldnt care
Whitehead: writers need to run for public office
Hmm.
I've never seen this type of thing before on this site, which I generally really like.
Catherine Tice, Colleen Lanack, and Fred Nachbar can sing!
When I buy used books off Amazon, I don't buy them from Missouri.
That is the mold capital of America.
not attending NCAIS innovate this year.
The happiness of most people we know is not ruined by great catastrophes or fatal errors, but by the repetition of slowly destructive...
your the one that i want,
sweet what do ya run?
Missed my 1,600th tweet thnx to hype.fm.
So.
Dedicating 1,601 to my first follower and social networking mentor digitalLOVE 
hey girl u up???
I can't believe I just ate all that food so late...
But damn it was good.
Gig 2 of the day: singing at Hope Lodge's Christmas tree lighting.
Santa baby, trim my tree!!
If corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil come from?
yay!!!!
lets chill then!
I'm off Sunday and I think Monday too
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world.
Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
M.
Mead
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step  Lao Tzu
breaking: chris paul busts lip
Happy New Year  Thanks for the shout outs 
will have to try the burrata next time!
Good morning Monday  here I come!
is pleased to introduce you to baby Jacob, born today 8lbMy 7 oz
Hook a sister up?
Thanks for tickets to tonight's game!
Your support continues to make a difference for everyone at HHC!
My little sis spent 6 weeks in the ICU last year.
Her nurses were all amazing.
At home About to do chores.
haha Had fun last night At my cousins house.
.
I'd be down to play an SD Journo v.
SD Pol hoops game.
Be fun.
Last night in Chimoio  heading to Beira tomorrow for one more week in Moz.
Now you tell me that there is a proper way to ride a bike on a balmy 40 deg North Central Day!!!
pic.twitter.com/EBR76woj
I See My PlayBrutha Dont Care About Mhe Cause He Didnt Tag My Name In His Status Tears
Wasn't prepared for the Easter egg hunt to find my meeting room this morning.
makes more sense that way...they make products so frequent!!
there shud be a limit
your tweets right now  too relevant!
Buy 2 OPI colors, get an OPI Topcoat or Basecoat FREE!
How can you pass up on that?
Or since the article was just Santa Anna Goes to Washington, maybe I'll add a mister :
Sitting in my room for the 3rd day in a row.
IM DAMN SURE FALLOWIN THIS FINE ASS WOMAN!!!
On the way to one of my afterschool hangouts
the feeling you get when you click on someone and their pretty and than you look at yourself and think I'm ugly as !
It's at night.
everyday may not be good.
but theres somethin good in every day.3 :
Reach for the stars my dude Woody
I was really disappointed too and couldn't sleep soundly after that.
It was a real life pizza nightmare :.
Craving some snacks.
About to go get some!!
Keep calm.
yes!!
So sad to miss you!
They were booked for pedicures today but it is my fave spot in TriBeCa!
hey.
I'm from NYC.
where are you from?
Hi, glad to Tweet with u!
:
YES!
YES!
I think tixs are sold out though..we need to be there ; XOXO
3 3 to the moon and back :
Haah you have to finish that song ;D
RAINBOW ;D
...time for bed
i'm trying to win tickets to Springle Ball, q102's spring concert,  i'd get to win meet  greets for every performer there :
Thanks to my mom and the rest of my family love u guys
Love the sign  airport security that says snow globes not allowed.
How many people tried to transport snow globes before the sign went up?
it really is crazy how only the good die young...
Holy shit your gonna call the cops!!!
Let's tweet about it guys; ilovemyfamily:
HI WILLIAM!
My 2,500th tweet was suppose to go to TwoFaced .
.
perfect day for chilli!!
The support I'm getting from my hometown peeps is amazing!!
I love y'all
Hey.
Back off!
I'll rip out your eyes and piss on your brain  classic!
Trading Places, Eddy at his best!
that and Beverly Hills Cop, yes!
Use today to prepare for the most amazing tomorrow!
So...
thesituation just attempted to do comedy in front of thousands of people...
He should've stuck with his usual routine..
I guess I should give up for the night and just go to bed.
I'll let the wind put me to sleep.
See you guys tomorrow!
Aww thanks.
And you are so pretty.
:
Finally saw a funny episode of SNL
And im tired as hell
lol dont know how to write back, was testing to see if i synced properly with facebook...
guess not
whats good man
If you have a choice between me and her, choose her because if you really loved me there wouldn't be a choice.

Just because she has that smile on her face  Is always happy doesn't mean she doesn't go through a lot   jasara to amarilis about me 3
omg o omg o omg o o o o o omg o omg k
I want a hispanic woman...spanish is sexy to me
Um, but I'm your friend.
Idiotic indeed.
Great event last night smallbizconnect Thanks to all who came and contributed!
Thanks for signing on as a Charter Member of  making wellness the way of work in
Still trying to figure out why CIN/CHC total opened at 6.5
not much bud,how you been?
Delegate SM tasks to your teachers or practice members so everyone is invested.
happy fathers day to all the dads!...
Me, almost!
RT : Regulators extended IFR deadline to July 31st  but it's important homeowners act quickly!
On my way to Charlottesville for a 2day conference.
yes indeed!
I promise it's the best deal that will ever exist too.
Traffic to the site spiked bigtime!
Graphic Artist Guild's handbook: By law copyright is owned by the creator unless you transfer to client.
Clients don't own your work
I like Model Me Kids but haven't made any myself yet.
Hope your video modeling goes well!
Truth RT : You're not a freak if you don't give head.
There is a Me in team though.
brung worth over and we'll play w/ him while James plays with clancer
Look for new series of tweets 2morrow:Leadership Lessons From Real Executives taken from execs  FEI's Leadership 4 a Democratic Society
you should have said not living according to the schword
brushing up on Photoshop
well i did start last October lol
Happy Birthday World Changer and History Maker!
Much love from Bermuda!
Hanging out w/ Rachael Teutul  Don't miss!
Details  online: centralonline.tv
Thanks!!
I owe you an email.
Oops.
Coming soon!!
In need of a GREAT PAINTER call SMP Etc Painting VERY REASONABLE and VERY professorSSIONAL...insured...references available
And we miss you too ;
haha wow that is annoyingly cute.

You know all those people did not like him lmao before he went to idol 
Finally home.
Why didn't they warn me that I would have to make so many spreadsheets?
The past should be a springboard not a hammock.
Irving Ball
Preserving health by too severe a rule is a worrisome malady.
Happy Easter you guys !!!
Time to go beat those little kids at the Easter egg hunt !
Woo hoo gocandy !
Well that BlackMamba bite from the game he had 43pts is just now kickn in!
Die slowly Denver fans!!
uh almost lost it.
He wants to go immediately.
When does it open?!
Gamecocks win!
Gamecocks win!
Wow what a game!
Gamecock magic works in bottom of the 9th as we enter down 2.
Hot bats give us a win by 2!
my daughter Mandi showed me your video.
Good music!
Keep it up.
Why are hip hop artists always in the building.
My day has been a blur and my todo list keeps growing.
imagine Austin looking at you and feel this 1000 butterflies in his stommy ......
Wow Great turn out for Whats The Benefit congrats to Paul Nikko and Molly
Eric Tobin of Hopeless Records said: Data can be overwhelming: i make most of my money trying to b clever.
: a LEO will either find a way, or make one
but it sure helps lol
Chris is writer for various beauty and health related topics
I see you name in my phone and wonder what happened to us
NCAA got rid of testing the waters and made deadline of April 8.
I don't understand how that works though
Prospective Student Open House is happening now!
Loyalty is key
I think we need a time machine, some newer fans can go and experience a season in Arrowhead or Cab.
Perspective.
is presenting Mobil organizing.
I'm pretty sure I don't work on your birthday!!
:
Is Pretty Beast!
what do you really want to do before you die?
Save a Horse, Ride a Tampon
Got called off today!
Following up stopkony.
My daughter is leading our family's efforts!
Always happy to help!
Would love to!
RT Are you a solar installer?
Would you talk to me about your customer service strategy for an upcoming article?
100 on a psych test
Dont talk about it, be about it.
I postulate that gay men are like social insects; both groups are led by queens, and both communicate largely by buttshaking dances.
thanks Lorena / jean grey
Part of Loudoun County's desirability according to Fuller  access to golf courses and mountains.
at Pats, Victor Cruz  2007 Plaxico
Another beautiful morning...looking forward to another great day!
God damn right.
TAKE IT, DANA.
dont curse that asian.....He thinks that things that sound alike r the same thing
the awkward moment when your solo is too similar to one that one of your judges did on sytycd...
I love when I have an empty mind..
But hate to disappoint y'all when I have nothing to tweet about..
Misplaced my BlackBerry for 15mins this morning.
Panic came over me as if I lost one of my kids.
I think it's time for a technology break.
I hate it when a really good song comes on the radio in the car, and someone turns it down to talk.
Pool is almost done!
shanghai nails ombré!!!
I think I could listen to Alkaline Trio all day
Q4 you do the push test...depending on how you want it cooked is how mushy/firm it will be!
Awkward eye contact...
It it very important for librarians to understand the latest fashion trends.
It wont be like a hiatus  were just going to slowly write the next record and then when were ready well record it.
With the Kentucky five leaving and CJ Leslie staying at NCState, that likely wraps up the NBA early entrant list 10 days before deadline.
Yeah his wife is from MD and they live in Monkton.
Agreed that he'd look much better in the NL.
YouTube me I'm gone  The Engineer for God
Sometimes it's the damsel in distress that saves the knight in shining armor.
...and now my foot is asleep
Gonzalo Rubalcaba at YoshisSF likely playing straight ahead jazz.
That's cool...Latin Jazz players can play anything.
Not so the reverse.
RT : Rise  Shine to our LiNC heroes!
Breakfast on 's Pacific Terrace at 8am.
Forrester's keynote  9am.
I'm not a violent man...but I really wanted to put the sound man in a suplex tonite
Tonight is the night bruins fans!!
Game 7..
Does it get any better?!
bring the cup back to Boston !
Out of school, it was torture as always, I'm hungry, gonna go home and watch Victorious!
:D
yeah that was 100 decoy.
Books are the most mannerly of companions, accessible at all times, in all moods, frankly declaring the author's mind, without offense.
...
I love Normally Id say she looks like something u'd store grandma's ashes in..
But I'm not going to say that.
TMo is an insectivore....
I NEED TO CHANGE MY WAYS
I have class at 9 : Will u be on campus later?
THE OMEGA 2010 PEP RALLY TOUR IS AT SOUTHWEST HIGH SCHOOL THIS FRIDAY MORNING!!
SO BE READY YALL!!
shiid, probably nothin all I knw is that Pam pose to come over.
But idk wat though
What is the big money saying?
MarketWatch
lol oh no!
We're just being dorky bezzie!
I never put my fate in someone else's hands.
That's why all I do is win no matter what.
This is an amazing young woman who has a beautiful, purposeful future ahead of her.
Thanks to her mom who sacrifices.
Love.
We adopted our daughter from Dnepropetrovsk, Ukraine 3 years ago.
It's so cool Kyrylo Fesenko is from there.
Love for them to meet.
man she fukkd my mood up so her ass beta go2khurkh n hope I eva feel like dat n her life
Happy Easter everyone!
Hope the Easter bunny treated ya kindly!
God bless :
I really am looking forward to the new season of Those girls look crazy and it's fun to see them make fools of themselves.
If I got a Retweet from you it'll be the best thing in my life to happen to me
is trolling us.
Washing rope at the public laundoctormat.
congrats!
So proud
I'm in a white car.
Are you on the phone?
aw you scared
that is very good to hear.
AH!
you are totally going to ROCK it.
my fingers are crossed!
Also, congratulations on graduating!
:
Forget pedicure.
I need a headicure.
Aww, you are so sweet my dear :
Saturday morning yoga, kinda like a favorite flannel shirt; just something about it makes you feel good.
punches snake hahahaha
damn b i have an L rolled up waiting, im down like in 20 minutes
thanks , I'm pumped : excited to hear will be there, too.
will be sure to look for you there, lady!
Bowling today ?
I think so :
A4 NOT join every tool!
Found that using my intuition in which of many art instructors to interview worked well!
Intuition can totally trump logistics sometimes.
where ya gonna b tonight slizzzzzz?!?!
Our IP LawMeet is the 1st moot court experience for students contemplating a transactional practice focused on Intellectual Property
Get DOWN here bro we got VIDEO work to do!!
BIG respect to and
Stephen Baldwin: I'm being persecuted for believing in traditional marriage.
Boo freaking hoo.
Yup.
Until I get traded again...
The guy sitting behind me on the train smells like pear vodka and despair.
Need Social Media Measurment/Metrics expert.
Work WITH technology on social media metrics.
Strong leadership/solution skills.
DM me?
The East End McDonald's is a JOKE!
Moving up TREE OF LIFE on my Netflix queue.
I'm 85 sure I'll dislike it, but now I feel obligated.
Thanks, Oscars.
Homeless guy on broad street you ate not poor you are smoking a stog and wearing a north face!
Playing water polo in the USOC pool tonight!
So pumped!
if isnt the most EPIC human person in the transcontinental United States then shes defintiely 2nd on that list
Thank you!
I will get on it when I get home
Blue sky  sunshine.
Celebrated phenomenal graduates during LCcommencement.
Fun evening stroll w/ in NW Portland
War Toads, and Bull Dykes, and Ham Beasts....
read willows tl.....
it will help ur mood
Thank you!
Great trips, but delighted to be back.
Come Pack beat this team BRING IT.Take this game.
Nothing more satisfying than finding a big bank mistake in your favor.
lol I can't feel my fingers to tweet.
My typing speed is doctorpping
Wow look at the time I am out...
Got to watch the little one in the A.M.
That is one of the cooler things I have seen in a while.
Beth
alabama capital they r doin a live video feed and they end at 9 tho
I try not to be a jerk, although sometimes I still am.
Its OK.
Ive learned to live with it.
now MSU knows how it feels, except this time the game mattered
Now who does this sound like?
I mean Really!!!
I believe in pink.
I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner.
I believe in kissing
yeah.
You were the child one..
not .
I'd donate to buy chalk.
congrats!
sent from the original iPad.
....getting my Sun Tzu on.
ill make them alive......
It's Monday!
It's going to be 90!
The bus was 10mins late  stinks already!
I have 3hrs straight of mtgs!
I think I deserve an iced coffee.
I'm so bored in class.
Someone save me lol
counting on it!
Thanks.
the SUN is out in seattle.
the hell....everybody stop going to class and GET OUTSIDE.
meat cassette
Knicks set league record with 13th straight playoff loss, passing Grizzlies' mark of 12
need a RB.
Who is a better pick this week: Javon Ringer or Reggie Bush?
Or someone else?
hey man my name is mario and am a student at the los angeles recording school.
is there anyway we could have a interview with you
Oh mY God thats what happens dirty fucks.
Horseshit covering the puck and two hands to the face.
Kidding me?!?!
Avengers: EMH is no doubt my favorite show on TV right now, no other show makes me so happy.
2 girls, 1 rose, 1 stays, 1 goes.
My new favorite poem.
Can't wait for the Bachelor !
shedidntcallbecause she doesn't want to be just the next girl.
got home, no birchbox :
Sadly I dont see anyone from my generation leaving behind a fraction of the legacy Steve Jobs did.
thanks Paul
of course I am...always at work ma....how u doin??
LMFAOO just kidding oh wait no im not
God is GREAT!
Voldemort had a better nose then Meryl...
recount !!!!
peopleIamthankfulfor You inspire me everyday to be a better person.Thanku 4 being such an amazing role model  friend :
getting ready to celebrate my BDay this weekend!!
Don't block folks with signins
Played a parent/kids scrimmage at practice yesterday.
Ouch!
Orton's moves look like a Pop Warner lineman getting his first carry!
I knew I could count on you, sweetie.
It's the others I worry about!
xoxo
Does he HATE me ?
:
I'd say fuck it.
Let's fight fire with fire.
Don't expect an invite to my premier with negativity....
You are a funny guy.
It's just natural for you.
Love the tweets.
NBP signs alliance with Ria Financial Services  The News Tribe
Another day another dollar!
Work hard play hard!
Big weekend ahead
Congrats on !
Awesome.
They need to go.
LIKE NOW
Lose the attitude and I'll consider it.
:p
Blood on my sneaks and your hearts in my mouth.....
I know it's such a creepy thought.
Also made me think how early we need to teach kids about Internet privacy.
doctornken calculus
WTF are the miami heat doing
Oh I like the Twitty!
But not nearly as much as your weirdness!
Follow me please : 3
The typical window replacement recoups upwards of 80 of the project cost compared to nearly 70 for a bathroom upgrade.
Velocity?
No.
NG?
Yes.
Tonight's gonna be a good night!
Too bad seanharris didn't have parents to beat the stupid out of him.
I'm into season 18 lol
Tell me your secrets, yeah, the shit that you ain't ever told
Neva Hurd it!
:O
please let him play.
Avery Bradley
Please do share!!
Forget the obligatory Rebecca Black references  just come by on this final day of the work week.
Put your heels up!
Contemplating giving blood for the first time right now...should I?
Didn't know you had a twitter.
How are you?!
at an undisclosed location adjacent to a diaper factory.
How do I filter out all sports references on Twitter feed?
Everyone is born an original  dies a copy.Be the one whos born an original  dies original.
Mike Donahue Inspirational Speaker
much needed 10 hours of sleep 
Blackmomscatchphrase ya'll running me up the wall
Watching Martha Marcy May Marlene for the third time and feeling a little guilty at how hot I think Elizabeth Olsen is.
Im good sick of being n the house
People I didn't know have found me on LinkedIn to offer opportunities to bid on projects or apply for jobs.
Infrequently tho.
Our own doctor John Michael Lee, Jr., on the importance of learning to overcome the barriers to even ask for help.
Not usually but I want to start doing them on Mondays and Fridays if I can
Learning and application of what you learn, you can resolve any problem and accomplish any target that you could set for yourself.
Love your rearwindshield wiper?
Do you notice a significant difference in visibility during rain?
RT : RT : Dear everyone, everywhere: GET AN IRC CHANNEL SOMEWHERE if you want to have a chat on Twitter.
Excellent excellent excellent book!!
Ok but only because u said beer in plural form.
Lol, I said plural.
Of course i do
Happiness lies within you.
You only need to quiet the mind and it will reveal itself to you.
wonder if there's a spread opportunity maybe?
Don't have any data here...
Thinking out loud
Anyone want to buy me an early Friday doctornk???????
Panel on Millennial Gen grad students is, so far, a reassuring confirmation of my assumptions.
um no veronica i believe your wrong he's my new best friend !
: lol I'm obsessed with them
Steen it will make for better TV for sure
Three things that never come back: the spent arrow; the spoken word; the lost opportunity.
W.G.P.
See, Wisconsin gets it.
.
then you would love New Orleans!
It's their specialty xo
RIP Liz Taylor
np i get lonely too
any ay NOT at work is a good one
I know...
Its ok though, she'll come around eventually and admit it
I'm always impressed that Seniors in college apply for sales jobs before graduation!
Some students out there that ARE on the ball!
what's your point??
I could feel however the fuck I want!
Sorry
Lmfaoo well then...
when I really care about someone I will go above an beyond to see them happy :
Something is wrong with the one I have now, so Verizon is sending me a new one.
HEY GUYS FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT THANKS
yea ..
im just getting sick of telling people i wil train them properly in bio and placement, rigging etc ..
theres no patience
22 inst anything special....plus its finals week...whoopy
it's where a lot of famous people or people like from YouTube come to perform.
It's in Nashville.
Quote: He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have.
Socrates
uh oh lol that's a sign
If they do it for the love, it won't fit up in the club..
And this is where the whole game got f'd up
cant stand him, hope hes gone b4 the deadline
supportlocalmusic Live random songs till 5p on Gashouse Radio.
Tune in and join the chat room
My German grandmother  my Chinese dad used to savor a dish of chicken feet at dim sum together.
Truly heartwarming.
Making plans for the weekend?
Come take a class on us!
New Students get a free week!
Love it.
Hope Rangers ate next!
Next year we'll have an air horn dcswa people like chatting more than sessions
I get scared whenever it's windy because I think a tree will fall into my house LOL
Hey lady.
How are you?
Miss you in the 757.
Stay in touch my friend...
OMG monica that is so not true blondes take all of those categories : TeamBlondes !!!
MT Brown: Responsibility must be clearly delineated btwn the various levels of power..in our educational system
Magic Johnson did it in a 4yr span
VEVOnewfront It's job of ad agency to push client/ brand into new territory.
Got a 1 in districts which is a relief!
Now onto mayjo and then allstate auditions :/
austin where are you?
Can't you just come online and tweet me to make my day..
Follow me as well.
HAPPY EASTER
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was so confused on how to use it now for my friends who get it I have to show them how to work it.
It's good to be back home!
Missed you all and can't wait to EAT!
:
And the negotiations continue...So glad I paid attention to negotiation class in law school.
He would have started Fall of '98
.
pulling talk on income inequality is further evidence we cant trust biz types like to control convo around tech  soc
I just laughed out loud at this.
Whats up friends!!!
If u r local come to the 17th ave block party 2day 5308p and come to our booth and say hi : xo
episode two?
If Jansen didn't somehow end up on my bench today, I'd have won.
Sea green, spring green and olive green were made available in 1949, and in 1958, the Crayola company introduced forest green.
Runyon's NYC 27th Annual Final Four Reception.
Sunday April 1, 2012.
Bourbon Orleans Hotel.
7 pm start.
Yo this CottoVsMargarito 2 is good so far.
I wish I was there too see that ish.
we'll miss you...and look forward to using your work to find great eats
Cherry brandy!
Bored eanna walk around o well
With each accomplishment there should be a realization that your work has just begun 3 growthmomentum
Dont be scared, Just Be prepared for the worst.
good tip!
I currently have one with underbed doctorwers.
I find that Ikea furniture with doctorwers never lasts long.
congrats bud!
what yu want ??,
totally agree!
Forget the tshirts and hook me up with something I can train in.
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy in the evening.
Becoming cloudy.
Patchy fog overnight.
Local visibility one...
Applying for summer internship!
Wish me luck :
I know cause my hair was all fake lol
To her the name of father was another name for love.
I can understand the confusion  they led complicated lives over there in Sweet Valley.
Please don't leave me
Sometimes people put walls up not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to break them down
...I just stick my chest out and my chin in the air
Glad To See You Media Handling...
Start Tweeting More Too...
Get Dis Bitchh Jumpin
but tell me some, y is yur fone off?
Chelsea's is open offering local, organic  sustainable food w butcher, fish counter, to go menu  wine store 300 W 22nd St
I have this on my iPod!
:D
Caltrain to mountain view.
On our way to Bundaberg to see baby sea turtles hatch and make their way to sea...cant wait!!!
More free basketball in 2nd OT.
Lakers and Thunder are putting on quite the show.
He better inbox me those answers!!!!!!!!
: you know who you are
Friday the 13 is jason not Freddy lol
Now I have to figure out where to put those computers.
Scandal got renewed for season2!!
Congrats My new Fav show!
So excited!!!
That's crazy talk.
Your cat doesn't weigh 400 lbs, does it?
Sound logic.
Heard Janine Antoni give a great talk today.
Making art about motherhood is very tricky as it can so easily fall into a cliché.
just went and listenedMumford and sons is still about 137 better.
But to be fair I thought the gap would be wider.
she'sgood
thanks for the support!
10.
Excuse me sure, but do you have any Grey Poupon?
No?
How about any Pistachio Ice Cream?
Excellent!
Wayne, soliciting for food again.
Make love, not war.
Just about done with 's book The TwoIncome Trap.
Still absorbing it, but short review: She's right.
Age old question: does downtown smell like manure, or is that someone on the bus?
To go HAM...
or BUTTER?
lol good!
Goin on vacation : how are you??
Watching DC United play Sounders in US Open Championship game.
Still tied in in 65th minute
today and tomorrow.
Bless the Lord, oh my soul and let everything within bless the Lord
Printing out tab sheets so I can tab my guitar riffs.
HELL YEAH
To whoever thru my clothes into dirty clothes basket after being doctored so that they could just wrinkle and smell like dirty clothes
my pleasure.
You soon ok?
It was good.
I wish I could have attended the one by Attack Theater, which was at the same time.
I heard that was excellent.
then we won't have a presentation/:
sup ms
That 38 isn't going to score itself
THAT'S NOT ACH!!
pout Happy for ol' though :
WITH A SEAM...
Daylight!!
RT : There is still time to win a copy of EA Sports NCAA '12...
There is no such thning as a natural touch.
touch is something you create by hitting millions of golf balls.
Lee Trevino
Honestly, Hill signing, Wright pick, Hawthorne emergence all make Lofa expendable.
Would love to get a pick rather than cut
Are you sharing knowledge, building will or reinforcing action with your audience?
After yesterday's huge game, soars to first in the AFC in rushing TDs and third in conference in rushing yards
everythings amazing now.
:
I love Oscar skits!
Virality Uber Alles: What the Fetishization of Social Media Is Costing Us All?
Oh Adoctorana, chillout already.
....and, it was a beautiful thing!
No new content or blogging for now  until we complete our major web site redesign.
It will be excellent when it's done!
Please hang in!
Do you RoR?
If so, maybe you could teach me a thing or two?
Let's make some money Zack  Miri style.
The have won 6 out of 8 series this season.
Shut out New York 50 tonight!
Great game guys!
Why are the dumbest TV shows So addicting?
We are definitely interested!!
Email us with some info!
We will be at Anthony's Runway 84 next Thursday!
I'm not a girl and yes yes I am
It feels great to be in my position :
you can only follow 10 more than are following you when you are over 2000.
btw  hi!
:
lol Justin briber is not gonna be there!
So looks like ur not going..
a doctoram of mine..to perform with
My shiny teeth and me Chip Skylark
You can keep your Vegas sideshows.
The real magic in the world is salt.
Poof...
blandness disappears  suddenly I'm the chicken soup champ!
That sign might specifically be for the Annes among us :
starving right now.
who wants to send me a cupcake.
Me too luv!
RT Had an awesome time w/my bestie 2 angels came to rescue 
ha, you responded!
My retweet was more about engendering camaraderie w/fellow Washingtonians then it was a knock.
Mondo Lucha at Turner Hall tonight!
Who's going?
austin and alex are like the perfect human beings 3
Headed to Greece with stops in Athens and Santorini, to name a few.
Sat.
Johnny's?
With Big XII tourney champ  5, what is the plan for the Real Game?
Go Sporting!!
thanks for following:
LETS GO GRIZZLIES
Wow, so social!
That's great.
Keep me posted!
Good Morning Beauties!
Learn from yesterday, live for today,hope for tomorrow.The important thing is not to stop questioning.Enjoy your day!
where u at
Check out the High Line, walk around the West Village, visit Brooklyn and Queens.
What are you interested in?
Was that one of my submissions?
SQUEE!
: CodyFact if he were to interview any celebrity, he would want it to be Muhammad Ali because he is a big inspiration of his.
i like ali:
That's a day I might just make it down to PDX.
Should we organize a dinner?
I'm really glad BeingHuman isn't a problem of mine.
Why can't beingavampire trend?
Is this discrimination?
So being pretty is easy right?
Sarcasm ...What about the senior co workers who treat u like crap because of their insecurities?
Omg you were right
SongsI'llNeverSkip Lights by Ellie Goulding and Ayy Ladies by Travis Porter
Spencerport School District, students and families dealing with tragedy this morning.
So far, people are only talking online
Work was interesting....
Time to tell my seximexi how this chica feels aha and tell my boyfriend how stupid seximexi is
GOOD.
hahah i told coach karr he scared you off by making us work hard XD
where where!?
that's a great area to live and work!
Congrats.
Feel better Jack!!
WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM PRE ORDER THE MOVIE!
IT IS FUNNY.
IM LOVING THE TRAILER
ha!
RT Can't wait until we have this technology in our cell phones.
Can you hear me now?
You too
/undecided on outfits
Kate, WHAT have I told you about getting pregnant while shopping online?!
my friends in Cincinnati had a couch surfer at least once, but they are gigantic hipsters.
Nothing bad happened.
Just got off the phone with Almost started crying cause I miss her so much.
Silsbee here I come.
Oh goodie, SNOW...
Boo!
Are you sure?
Thanks.
Hope you find them of use.
NAT'L INSTRUMENTS  BTCM are holding a Technical Writing Forum  Northridge campus on 3/26.
Email for more info:
I will never understand clubs that treat their guests like crap
im luvin ur avi mama!
u kno u have to tell me where you got that bustier from lol
using keywords to find potential clients isn't spam.
especially if you have a service that is better....
Pan roasted Cornish hen and asparagus risotto.
Hello Sunday dinner.
Alphonse Marie Louis de Lamartine Sad is his lot who once at least in his life has not been a poet.
Yea, that sux.
Even my senator Kay Haganvoted in favor of it.
Very disappointed.
Makes me wonder if D's ever read the bill?
RT : MLB, basically: We have a fair, balanced, neutral arbitrator on our 3man panels who we'll fire if he sides with the Union.
no problem!
xx
Can't stop thinking about the colony of dust bunnies I slaughtered last night.
Chipotle must feel so weird about all those claymation pigs.
Jordan's Birthday is TOMORROW...which is in like 15 minutes
Optimists convert stumbling blocks into stepping stones.
W.
Howard Wight, Jr.
Great afternoon meeting yesterday at Torres Restaurant with a very outspoken critic of my campaign and the Rep Party.
We agreed to disagree!
No Ex's ,No Hoes ,No Groupies ,No Sidelines , Just You  Me
ISOLDE WAS FOUND!!!
HORRAY!!!!
THANKS FOR ALL THE HELP!
Now we need to work on RT Screw it...
I'm a believer
Oh, my therapist knows who Big Time Rush is.
check out my dogg LIVE in the mix on !!
I work with behavior problem childoctorn  my campus.
I hv 2 change the staff's perception of our kids.
Kids r taught tht we care
sdmayornp Filner: arts and culture will decide how to spend the , not holders.
Take care of minds and souls of kids, seniors.
who remembers using pos as parent over shoulder
Thank you , awesome event!
RT BIG thank you to everyone that came to techli inagural TTO event tonight great time, great...
lol poor dude :
For bball development, is it better for a team to practice twice a week for an hour or once a week for three hours?
sleepwithoneeyeopen jk and the best part is I don't : I can get one at the end of Oct at the earliest
wow free day at milw co zoo avoid bluemound rd west bound milw loves free bad traff
That's That Anthony Jackson sir!!
Police doing a courtesy call to the house?
Making my way to cumbtogether!!!!
I 3 my friends.
Motorcycle helmet on bike  awesome.
Stay in  doctornk.?
Or go out  doctornk.?
Either way we doctornking.!!
Ill always come out on top!!!!
FF makin' it happen!
My mentions are dead, this is why I'm never on twitter.
Smhh
hello beautiful world and the beautiful people that r in it!!!
: :
do you use your own brand or tanning lotion?
May the best team win.
Go Niners!
BTW the greeting cards are NOT only for the incarcerated to send.
They are for ANYONE who needs to apologize.
Agreed!
RT : RT : if you dont support the local arts there wont be any
I like it when I'm fishing on the lake, I like it when Im wishing I was fishing on the lake.
OK that too
Eep!
Where has the time gone?
Gotta jet!
Thanks!!
Pretium recommends following FF: and 
Yeah.
I've been avoiding smokers to avoid temptation.
I'm still afraid I'll cave.
But, you're right  giving crap goes nowhere.
Ya know...
I would...
But frankly...
IM BROKE!!!!!
says in a Josh Nichols voice
I need to get Johnny B on Twitter.
He's all about LinkedIn.
hmm well Neal has summer school so i don't think so
Do you think you can do outfit of the day's on your youtube channel?
professorssional soccer team staying at our hotel.
ohhi 
Sunday Packers thought: if Collins is not healthy enough to return, could Landoctor be a option?
Market has been fairly doctor for him.
If you want the scope from 's talk on The Information Diet at Net2DC, read up on 's live tweets
Me either!
I know he's not the best QB, but he gets it done when the game is on the line and that's what you want!
Thx for the response!
I will DM you my email addoctorss now!
Gracias!
Who likes new music?
Yay!
Gate D is a PITA!
Have fun guys!
CC:
It's little cold this morning, finally we have some fall weather!
Happy Wednesday!
You have a gift, my friend.
see if you can convert the marine corp hymn to museum corp:
never fails 2 deeply disappoint, frustrate  anger their customers.
It is sad that Jamaicans are better served by
I know right?!
Loving every second of it!
that's funny, like christmas music year round too
hey , austin what's the difference between the stars and you ?
oh yeah that your down here , and your still rising up .
you smell like nilda house!
So you smell like shit!
lol
Excess folic acid now linked to increased cancer risk...400mcg many get too much through vitamins  fortified food products
Feel bad for my boy.
He is so upset lose and he didn't get to see up close.
Dallas was not nice to an 11yr old
can you make my WWE theme song when i grow up.
Yes, it's real!
loves it.
RT Holy crap, is that real?
You're amazing.
2 days until the enterprise mobility seminar at Technology Executives Club Chicago, come out  meet the Xorbix team
Final witness, FBI agent Toulouse, confirms a statement Lally made on his final day of testimony: Game, set, match.
Rocky just jumped off the couch and hit his face on the center table ...the table is fine
...I am writing these poems from inside a lion...
Shel Silverstein
The google chrome translation app sure makes my twitter reading experience more easy.
What channel is the fight on
no he hecho mi tarea omg
Not going to know how to act next week.
I don't have meetings for 5 hours a day each day.
Actually have work days instead of moments!
lil mama ?!
since when you spoke like this lmbo
International cheese Nibs day.
i love you soo much.
tonight was the best night of my life, thanks to you!
Urban legend
What pairs w/hamentashen?
My first thought, Prosecco.
But what about Port?
Cat Party
that's where I am...not working...but I'll force it...
I'm late to the game on but I gotta say, glad I signed up.
It's one email I look forward to, thanks
lol your funny!
Happy Friday.
I'm MaryAnn Long, Marketing Operations Strategist.
Tweeting from Milwaukee, WI
Two more weeks and it will be time for Diablo 3.
DSLR dude says, a great macro lens is the Swiss Army Knife of lenses.
Want to take a close up pict of poisonous spider?
Breaking News!
I just won Best Anus at my gastroenterologist's office!
well don't get too excited it will take a couplemonths to get up the courage again ;
you aint the only one
Concrete5 template designer?
Submit your theme to Superhug.
Get 75 commission!
That's industryleading.
Music has charms to soothe the savage beast, to soften rocks or bend a knotted oak.
RT Resistance training at noon, which is something I try to resist all week.
The Sookie Stackhouse books are so fun!
I'm jealous of your morning
I need to rent a hard case to transport a bike around Thanksgiving.
Milwaukee area.
Any ideas?
I'm the luckiest guy around!
This weekend will be amazing.
Now if she would only memorize how to spell her hebrew name....
Sure No Prob, Thanks!
Let's go Put UNLV away!
New light meter is awesome but only a borrow for now.
Switching some lights to LED.
Maybe Santa will bring me one for real?
link??
I need to see where we should move to!
;
I hate when the fitted sheet comes off the mattress!!
haha yeah.
I was excited when I saw he was about to take a picture.
And I asked for an autograph a while ago
loll aha let's try it for a week!
Madison, I think I just might miss you.
At least after dinner at the Old Fashioned.
Check out the new pics of Osso Clothing in The Parlor on Facebook and go to the blog for the full story!
Good morning, Tweeps!
Who's working today?!
Follow !
I.
Hate.
You.
can't wait for that one!
Is a PHP/mysql course in the works?
still.no.pottermore.letter.
UGH.
WHEN IS IT COMING.
Glad to support!
Please keep us in the loop on any exciting news.
We'll share it with our community.
Welcome back to the show of cliffhangers!
But ALTE,S gives you way more nerd cred ; Plus you can also use the arrow keys to make a selection
A slew of Rogues had a great time awards nominee reception on Mon.
Looking forward to Mar 19th ceremony
Ugh, not a fan of OKC ...
and definitely not a fan of the Lakers.
Wish both teams could lose.
Pretty much deeply invested in The Voice at this point.
Dude...all sorts of tom foolery.
thanks for the RT!
that score is a joke
And how exactly would the label JWH210 have saved my son's life?
Find out where u livin..
kill u in the kitchen..
feds try to clip us but we ain't even tripping
good one!
T.V.
Raman personally uses, and highly recommends Chrome VOX extension, designed for Chrome OS but works on Windows and Mac
The Upside About Being Surrounded By Stupidity Is That You Have The Advantage
Oh my god.
I WON THE JAMES FARMER SCHOLARSHIP.
Thank you!!
:D
EVERYONE PLS GIVE  A SHOUTOUT FOLLOW HIM.
happyfathersday to all the dads out there.
Missing mine today, but know the fam is spoiling him back home in
ok I know I made fun of you for riot, but I feel like that's a little bit of an excessive reaction just for that....
Come visit the info table Street Festival this Saturday!
Stax to the Max!
Its amazing how much of a difference not having my cup of coffee in the morning can make..dead tired, Nap time!
edwards a vampire.
lol.
depends, we come across this a lot in sports coaching/training some respond well but not more than 50
Worship was so good this morning!
So thankful I get to praise Jesus with
oh u said badge....nevermind
the dudeman tour, summer 2017, be there
Hope today goes by fast
gets up, walks, falls down; all the while still dancing.
context allows you to doctorve the best experience says
RT : John Calipari was very clear on the SEC teleconference today that he won't be coaching in his 70s.
really!
:o :3
thingsyoullneverhearmesay: I really wish I would have held my boyfriend's hand walking between classes
We now have a Facebook page : Stay tuned for the new and improved mister Consultancy website.
...
like women are lacking a child even if they never even wanted one.
I prefer to use the term childfree.
We are following you now.
Feel free to send us a DM with your concerns.
it's a monkey.
but I'm talking about the dead bug oh wait the monkey just ate it
Nice vids tonight !
Looked and sounded so awesome.
Love it.
let's go Saturday!!!
I love
Baltimore Ravens because after beating the Steelers twice, the AFC North and a 1st round bye is theirs for the taking.
I know BOO!
I bought some stuff this time through Adorama, 85mm 1.8 and a new ThinkTank bag
Clearly there are many ways not to have a spring break :P ; ...
Am I the only one who is disturbed by the hunger games?
thad...I'm not gonna slap you in the ass
Thank you!
I'll let you know how it goes.
Megan doctorper is 20?
That's a little extreme.
rightbut it is in the lobby of a hotel 1 mile from The ZOU.
Why not gold color?
Just bumped into Matthew Broderick on West 4th Street with a sort of 1930s Italian choreographer's mustache and excellent posture
This is easy as love goes, so dont complicate it by hesitating and this is wondeful as loving goes.
so tell me what the sense in waiting?
Spring Break means more vegan food being served up than ever!
Wow you guys, keep on rocking, this is the greatest Spring Break on record ...
Tonight: Try any BBQ Platter pork, chix, brisket all under 10 bucks and your first Tallboy is on us to wash it down!
JC MMMMMMMGoooood
Mahalo!
You too!
Horseback for sure!
Spur of the moment kinda things 3
Don't elect someone who's platform is based on lies.
has no truth in what he speaks.
Support him and you're supporting a liar.
happy born day assassin!
Remember that alternate universe where Abed rolled a 6 and the Bucks kept Dirk instead of trading him for Robert Traylor?
Enjoy your trip home and say hi to everyone for me!
I'll miss you!
On this day I remember I feared losing my best friend to the columbine shootings.
I thank God ur still here : I love you
follow me ploease please please follow me please i love you
do you want to go out
Sip sippin on orphan tears.
ta bajo control el billy
excited to be watching!
:o
This is why I don't ask questions.
Does Kirk Franklin win a Grammy every year for Best Gospel Record?
All you garden enthusiasts some outdoor and indoor plants for sale at the Long Beach Flea Mkt, Bargains happening right now.
See you!

The simplest and shortest ethical precept is to be served by others as little as possible, and to serve others as much as possible.
Seriously?
Seriously.
luna ready to tip the scales of balance in the heavenly court of libra..
im craving a milkyway...
i almost started to hate but then i remembered...
Dare to be different right?
Wish I could remember who told me THE DESCENDANTS was bad!
Clooney at his best.
Good flick!
I've got seven kids, the three words you hear most around my house are: Hello, goodbye, and I'm pregnant.
Dean Martin
Great job last night cuz.
wish you were here.
Thanks for the nice review!
yes.
Was after badgerhockey game
The new MPD Chargers look Bad Ass!!!
No problem : You tweet a nice mix of educational materials and interesting hearing facts.
Rush Limbaugh w/a CI  who knew?!
this juss happened trying to open door extremely loud thunder okay, I will take that as a sign and stay inside.
Our Book Club Rocks!
RT : Had so much fun with and last night!
TSOINY will rawk this Wed March 21 Who's in?
WhoWantsToRock?
Imma find out the truth one of these days
we now have cds available with our 3 songs!
contact us if you'd like one!
they're only 4
If I
Trent Reznor on social media recommendations: I don't care what my friends are listening to.
Because I'm cooler than they are.
Required reading now that you're in Monterey Co.
I really lilked his short story collection The Long Valley.
doctorke lovin the crew
RT : 453 Be a witness, not a judge.
Focus on yourself, not on others.
Listen to your heart, not the crowd.
RT : RT : out wearing my Fenty shirt....
tell everyone WRITE IN FENTY
what time?
Dan Knechtges on ownership of choreography and collaborating with James Lapine on Spelling Bee.
Big10Expo goer took away advice of remembering to separate yourself from others from the Career in Sports panel.
Missing my girly already and she just got on the school bus lol
always cool to watch the dolphins in the river
my heart's breakin, and my heads a shakin '3 screw the 23 i dont wanna say goodbye yet again:/
ok seriously, photo shoot 10am tomm!
I miss too
watching on right now!!
lower space access costs Step 3 Build the launch vehicles in nations that have lower labour costs, but ensure quality control
Thanks for the follow Amy R.
Vreeman!
:
Thanks, and for inviting me to speak at Southcoastwp last night.
Hey Val, yeah I'm on Facebook!
hit me up, if ur on Facebook
if I'm going to france or the French side of Canada I'm prioritizing
feel like i ask you this over and over lol.
but what turny is goin on and when is late reg til?
gl!
Another earthquake strikes Japan!
Praying for our Japanese brothers and sisters.
and they let me be Wayne from Wayne's World the year before that...I was a weird kid.
doctornk specials and DJ Beach tonight!
Three words.
Almond Joy Cupcake.
You're welcome.....
Did it rapture yet?
I think I might have missed it when I wasn't giving a fuck.
yeah!
I'm at the school every Monday and Wednesday.
I can doctorp it off in mister Hughes office.
Can't wait to see your beautiful face!3
hire me!!
I'll accept a Porsche Boxster as a signing bonus.
Preowned is fine by me.
OO LA LA Sassoon!
we send back them calderon...
There's so many pregnant girls at my hs.
But when i see them all i can do is smile ; cuz mistake or not there's still a miracle in there :
Rockit is now doing Karaoke Fridays!
Starting tonight!
Woooowhoooo!
We love it!
When you are not sure about the hair advice you recieve on utube or internet, ask the person are they a licensed stylist.
If we actually took all the advice we were given and applied every bit of knowledge available we'd have more teenage millionaires.
user name is annemossity
become, how does it feel to look in the mirror, he went on to condemn me for not parenting my child.
I have bipolar.
He eased a little.
I just invent, then wait until man comes around to needing what I've invented.
R.
Buckminster Fuller
Please let this class end already..
Haha im the king of G's so you do need my acceptance GET HIP
RT Jon D'Alessandoctor Better  more accurate than any traffic report I could ever listen to!
I use everyday on my 2hr commute.Thank You
Lebron don't live that life!!
Trust and believe that Godisable to do anything you ask Him to.
Yeah, i'm following you!
; :
Slight delay getting the message out, but should be on it's way now.
See you tomorrow for a day full of awesome!
That sounds like a fantastic idea...lol.
I've always wanted to go there!
Haha:
I just want u to smile.
Bcus I'm the one there for you...
But u just don't c me ..
thanks jd you too!
2ThingsIAppreciate music and summer
I must be in Heaven,cause I'm looking at an angel,who's staring back at me,her eyes so heavenly.
3
why do you talk to me
NICE!
RT : Did my part supporting small businesses today
I need to go to sleep rehab.
Now we can go after Dwight Howard in the offseason.
Kyle anderson is an alien
Big Bill was away over the holiday, but I did want to salute the memory of Maggie Daley, a class act.
Sigh.
Setting alarm now to be sure I leave by 6:30.
I am too!
I'm princess of the universe!!
Meanwhile the mavs thunder game is neck  neck, pretty good.
Quite welcome, let us know if we ever can be of assistance!
Cheers, E.
Gossard
RT ranger dave will start unlocking the puzzle tomorrow with dates and some clues.
Hope we make it to this airplane on time.
Smh
A Salute to all our Military Personnel .
You already winI'm not enough of a football fan to follow it until the games start.
Just tell me will still have Peyton.
Also, special collections libraries/archives trad.
charge for reprographic requests; now might let users take own photos for free
Out of all of the people Mac Miller for House Party remix?.....
radio Hot like wow Werk me.
happy Easter Roxanne.
RT : Want to hang out?
I'm doing a Google Hangout on the Fallen Books page.
Friday, May 18  4pm.
ALEBA AND I JUST WENT IN THE SAME STALL IN THE MENS ROOM THAT WAS SO NOT OKAY
We believe we are ahead of the music industry.
We offer a free market approach to success!
When dudes who took my sloppy seconds try to add me on facebook
THAT'S GOOD!...
Integrity is the most valuable and respected quality of leadership.Always keep your word.
Jim Rohn
we would be interested in the blog.
Unable to DM because you are not following.
But we would love to hear more about it!!
Thanks for the ride, mister Jackson.bestatlanticstationfreeshuttlebusdoctorverever.
He has a plaque.
The awkward moment when Niall is starring at you the whole time you eat
i am so frustrated with you right now..
Daughter of a birder, I laughed my a off at TheBigYear movie.
What's your favorite bird?
Mine is
thanks we'd love to hear your feedback!
LMAO  you may have just started the new maker trend!
let me know a few weekends that you are available to go for the shore house
Wal Mart is taking over grocery stores.
i did not win the battle with git merge, but have temporary solution.
will revisit next week when not in danger of throwing the computer.
Oh yeah no mumbling
Contractor: the challenge is  how do we scale??
lots of money helps, but the internet provides us will all the data we need
Thanks for the follow !
Looking forward to following your tweets.
Thanks for running the HoleInthedesert news!
We will keep you up to date
Definitely!
You're the only person in Raleigh that I know, everyone else lives in Fayetteville!
Haha
I get it.
I wish the same.
There are many with whom I care about, and they just don't understand the meaning of caring.
Scarfing down some delicious chocolate cake that mom made!
Yum!
welcome to Twitter!
Best ReMax office in the DC metro area!
keep us posted ;
I can't wait for early morning church service on Twitter with
Wearing my hoodie in solidarity...even if I can't be in NYC at the moment.
At actors certified training playing a cop in one scene and a sexy mama in the other
Aww I'm jealous haha, I only know a hand full good.
Every time shows a woman's dunk in the Top 10 a puppy dies
Pobrecita.
We're in the homestretch dear!
Hang in there.
You are a
I'm feeling much better, my friend, so you'll be seeing me soon!!!!!
Thanks for the shout out!!!!!!
You know you're taken too long of a break from homework when your tea is now ice cold...
Just saw a Range Rover n a Lambo just getting Taco Bell
Kern River's Class V Stout is everything it should be.
So good my tired little body just passed out from it's deliciousness.
Haha...
RT : UCFashChat basing dcfashion on women in illfitting suits is like basing all of LA on Paris Hilton
I know a secret way to get those delivered to the house!
Someplace where he might actually play?
,yes i did..r u real
Come and put ya name on it, ya name on it...and it's not even my birthday!
there is no greastest rapper of all time!
working late, fun times
: Having a smoking section in a restaurant is like having a peeing section in a pool.
I like!
: Nice choice of videos lol
Lol that dude dead wrong for that.
Seriously, though.
What am I supposed to read now?!
omg that is right!
i like a guy named ryan..
Sugar, refined flour and trans fats promote the development of
I have a boss that reminds me of your It's about racism guy, and I think he's about to fire me because he can't communicate.
Come in today and try our special  pepper shrimp!!
where in PA were you?
At SD Solar Energy Symposium  Michael Picker: we have become an exporter of largescale renewables and our utilities are buying power in CA
10 minutes Pens fans until is live on !!!
Come sign on and ask him anything!
I am glad they are doing stuff for ya.
:
New to Twitter!!
Follow Me, I'll Follow Back Muahh 3'
Mickey Mouse popped out of my mind onto a doctorwing pad 20 years ago on a train ride from Manhattan to Hollywood...
Walt Disney
maybe I can just take it to hialeah and back on that amount of gas you have again :D
it is good to wait quietly for the salvation of the LORD.
Lamentations 3:26
What's best for waking you up: 1 coffee, 2 some quality gym time, or 3 the concierge's automatic wakeup call service?
Great day lmao
I've already listened to 12 times!!!
When I get sour patch kids I only eat the red ones.
young black pants sag head phones blasten
cassettes, vinyl, flashdoctorves of MP3s, and a couple of vintage band shirts, nothing else.
Watching The King's Speech on blu ray while enjoying my day off.
Hey Lady, how're you doing?
Life is flying but I'm having fun.
Lots of stuff going on.
proud of and her book!
Women's Faculty Council Graduate Student LuncheonTuesday, May 16th 11:30 am1:30 pm.
Contact to RSVP.
can I have his number?
why what's up?
Shark among fishes.
don't follow people who suck
very.
very.
SOON.
Just leaned on my phone and Siri's dop dop made me JUMP.
Oh...
: lol
Hahaha Jesus.
I saw that too.
Can anyone think of a better thing in the world than Friday?
Just found myself crying hormones but my sister just encouraged me times 10.
Privacy ...
what's that?
You are kind.
I try to keep old photos secret so the changes are less obvious!
lol.
your an idiot lol
Looking forward to the afternoon sessions!
JamesStaten from Forrester after lunch.
Let's grab a coffee sometime when you're not so busy!
Would love to meetup.
RT : That which failed him, also defined him: A Liver.
RIP Steve Jobs
Awesome!
Do I need to RSVP?
What is being featured?
It's never too late to become what you want to be.
I agree it is quite a challenge, but seems necessary, healthcare must evolve
Vegas, 1961.
Poolside at the Sands.
2 am.
A stool sits empty at the end of the bar.
Have a seat, kid, says Frank Sinatra.
Finally experienced firsthand the glory that is Blacksauce biscuits.
Everything said is true.
The packing is officially done.
Now I can get excited.
yahhhhh!!!!!
AWESOMEE!!!!!!
cant wait to hang out with ya
Im in Tennessee and it turns out I fucking love killing deer and doctornking their butt blood smoothies
Great work GerWeiss  we look forward to watching your growth!
She's great!!!!
: Totally love her work!
:D
some just need to give that life up
I claimed that like 10 years ago.
:
oh guess what came in today's delivery?
It's something BIG for
Your not a hipster, dad
IM NOT FOLLOWING U HOOKER.
U ARE A NON MUTHA FUKN FACTOR BITCH HEHEHE
Haha.
Awesome.
Are you going to be at C?
Had a good day with my mommy:
Living Rock Creatures can suck my AYYYSSSHOLE!
Off to Columbus, Ohio through Chicago this morning.
For those of u who think I'm fake I'm not and thanks a whole fucking alot.
I haven't been on because I had to move AGAIN.
now I live in
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness  Proverb
Gotta take the Bella Fitness Brand global!!
I agree; plenty of blame to go around.
My heart goes out to Joe Paterno's family ...
And also to the victims of JoPa's silence.
Carry On Abroad is my favourite carry on film.
I also like Carry On Screaming.
Those two are the best.
Congratulations and can't wait to see you in Newark on the 12th
Both Of Us Remix ;D
My friend Clint is filming in Nepal.
This is me being jealous.
Just to clarify...I was kidding on my last tweet lol I wish I was!
Finally getting to 's pre1972 report.
Based on exec sum, seems like a step in the right direction.
Reading whole report now
RT i feels yuh.
Yuh finish dhat project : oh I'm bored.
HAHA my point was just proven again, is terrible at these challenges, whatever he picks the opposite is the real result
damn you!
I'll be back.
you'll find out whenever you have lil babies of your own...
Lol
yeah we did sorry we didn't have two more people for Harry and Louis : but we love them to
Stomp the yard is on tbs :j just started.
Channel 39 ATL.
So where r these dudes at tho?
lol
Im sleepy now.....z
Happy Valentine's Day!
Because we love our fans, use the code TEALOVER and get 15 off your online order through February 21, 2012!
Anyone have and good stories?
Like im bored and wanna read a good one
and will be commenting on this in 5, 4, 3...
RT: I'm told it is nationalcleavageday .
My rack rejoices.
I'm so sorry, Libby...
That E4 was worst thing EVER even if it was for 1 second!
WOW LOL
Request a consultation with ur hairstylist!
Stylist should give you a full guide on the up keep for keratin u tips :
Do you think Blessid Union of Souls superfans all greet each other with Have a Blessid day!
because I bet they totally do
RT Story of my life literally :/ RT : Caring way to much for people who don't give a shit 
3 cant wait until BOYFRIEND video!
Need to go shopping
Bynum sure behaves like someone who could have used a year or two in college to grow up a little....
Classes may be canceled, but we'll be open!
Come in and stay warm.
Why Monica?!?
Your short hair looks so good!
lol I'm just being honest andoctor 3000 voice
Kieran Culkin, Macaulay's younger brother, turns 29 today.
He played cousin Fuller in Home Alone.
He wets the bed.
committing myself to 's yoga for people too busy to do yoga again because yea ...a little bit is better than nothing at all!
ok god,cause I like talking to my twitter beat friend; haha.
and I'm going to see you in San Diego next Tuesday : so excited!!!
Accountability is so overrated.
Let's just Talk about how nice Coors Field is instead.
Yes thanks!
But haven't read or edited b/c wifi is not consistent for me  typing on iPad is slow.
In what poll is Santorum leading among women????
No one knows you like I do, they don't see you like I do.
Woud love to talk to anyone doing gaming research.
Great group at the CHIMe workshop so far!
Carolyn Shamis you will be remembered as a true beauty and success story.
Trivia prep for Monday night: which state was the first to allow women to vote?
Switzerland, the land that time begot
How can you watch and tweet at the same time?!
You won't be disappointed!
RT : I think I might just have to go to with the kids on VDay for the foie gras waffles!
have fun with that quiz this week :
on TV?!
Awesome Congrats!
ROVI is a Japanese candlestick belthold buy today.
It took out the sellers.
Stronger volume and increased MFI.
we will definitely let you know.
thanks for your interest
Fuck you twitter for making me think that i'm getting a text from someone important
already did
Was a blast !
RT : fantastic!!
Love that you did in 4 inch heels.
Bet you showed them!
Testing new app again
well thanks for checking us out!
You should listen to our ep century tree and tell us what you think.
:
Red Sox 4, Royals 3, End 7  Daniel Bard survives a troublesome seventh.
I think it's amazing what you guys are doing!
: even if I can't buy a shirt ill support you guys no matter what :
Get a free cupcake at Sprinkles Cupcakes by saying People Like Us  noon to 2pm: May 13, May 18, June 17, June 26
thanks so much man!
FF right back at you!
: FF 
Don't understand ppl who threaten to unfollow major celebrities like and
Thank you for reminder of Voltaire's Perfect is the enemy of the good,
if my parents looked at my messages, i'd be fucked AndI'llLeaveItAtThat
Last minute birthday bottle service in SF tonight.
If your around let me know and come on out to celebrate!!!
Yeswellif you are a teacher, I don't think he cares much for your professorssion.
well, your back.
smh
Thursday I think....
Antiphon is an anarchist hippy!
On reading the papyrus fragments of Truth: he does not think the state is just...
we should follow nature.
Some people don't have to work very hard at being assholesfor them it requires very little effort.
When your 6 and your best friend is 9 on your softball team 3
/ You earn what we call organic BUZ points just by using Twitter.
Gameplay gives you bonus BUZ and a chance to win prizes.
Ever say, What a small world!
4.74 is avg.
num.
of ppl linking any 2 strangers, according to scientists from Facebook  Univ.
of Milan.
Coming soon, hilarious trailer for the new reality show, Al's Car Lot!
We promise this is funny stuff!
class action administration is all about making sure class members get notice and settlement
In every facet of the business environment there is strength in numbers...I will succeed financially with each purchase YOU make.
BTW counties don't impose their will on other counties; people select based on majority vote, counties have no vote
Hope you feel better Nick!
:
Ok man let me know if more people want some and ill get a bunch of them for you!
Anyone?
MT : My friends mom has stage 4 brain cancer  no insurance.
looking for items to auction off.
raise .
Please help
Ready for some Bball and then some Football.....lazy cold day in front of TV...go CATs and Broncos
Honestly, I don't know.
, there's a request for info on the fashionable breasts article.
Because it is the only time you think about or are offered ginger ale.
wait really what?..
don't get me siicckk !
What a puss
I'm pretty sure MTV is supposed to be about music...not preggo teens...
it wasn't the alcohol that got me this fucked up xD
My interview is in about 15 minutes.
I heard a Mozlem even wrote book.
professorssor and everything.
Homsexuality and Islam
Woman killed in rollover crash on I805 in Sorrento Valley  KFMB News 8
Check our website, portlandtimbers.com RT : where can I watch a replay of last night's show?
My dvr only got the last 5 minutes
I love how I felt when I was with you..
I want to feel that way again..
feel that way forever...
Raji, Williams, pass rush also guilty.
Happy chocolate diversity day everyone!
Happy Birthday Bob Marley!
u want your own gym now?
Wow belle
lost in ghetto east la about 1/2 hr min then barely doctorve home :
I used to have a life, not anymore.
Must be a twitter glich!
I just hit follow again and it said I was already following you!
Tuesday Tips Time!
Get a Box of Tips, Large Fry  2 liter Soda for 13.99.
That is a whole lot of great BBQ for a great price!
a bad thing ;
I Killed The Prom Queen's music sometimes catches me by surprise if the Crafter version of one of their songs comes on.
Different lyrics.
atleast you were front row!!
I bet it was redonculous!
She is amazzzinngggg : glad you had fun!!
Sweet, got my Tao Lin letter in the mail from
That moment when someone tells you that you and him look good together3
happy someone is minding your twitter store : saying it happened to me  I got a similar text msg, that's all.
Let's go Caps!
Shut 'em down!
Headed down to the 'Folk today!
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 24
cause I can't be boring.
It's impossible.
I'm glad I saved my Money...
The Rockies look awful!!!!
Disadvantage 2 of having a deskjob : this morning commute is challenging to my spiritual walk!
Hysterical!!
LatteClub  RT : The vent hole in my Solo cup was too small and my face nearly caved in when I took a sip of coffee.
google my name pacmang74 and checkout my songs.
Rod Barajas with his first meaningful hit as a Pirates player in game 29!
Walk off homer and the Buccos win!
Amazing/awesome game!
yup yup this girl keep askin me who you are lol i think she gay lmao
hey!
I got one of those too!
Hahah
follow my new account please !
Congrats also to Misty Gamble, who teaches in foundation program and who has been promoted to special assistant professorssor.
It sounds like hail is hitting my windows at work.
excited to have you!
SBS got mad love for
No such thing as perfect but you come pretty close
Just 3 classes today then off to Indy to perform with the MidCoast Swing Orchestra at the Jazz Kitchen!
Ur a real good singer :D
My stuff came in from merchNOW thanks!!
So stoked
Dessert time 3
for the whole weekend or just saturday???!
I'm so cold.
is she showing off her banging alt bod?
will there be a carles post about this soon?
I'M GONNA TELL YOU ALL MY WHOLE LIFE STORY SOON...ITS GOING TO ALL BE THRU DANCE....
It seems a number of folks haven't read outloud in class since the 5th grade.
This is a rough little exercise, eh ?
U R Welcome:D
I can tell you a story of a broken heart,but i can't tell you how it will be mended back together
Cut to basic weeks ago and still getting billed for U200.
CSR says bill standsIT DOES NOT!
Then got cut off mysteriously.
path of least resistance,
Thanks girl!
NCAA Men's Championship bball game tonight!
Who ya got?
Kentucky or Kansas?
' Ready for this week to be over!!
How many ears does Daniel Boone have?
He has a left ear, a right ear, and a Frontier!!
what's good everyone!
yes I sure am!
He's one of the most talented dudes I know!
And the sweetest!!
:
I'd imagined his twin to be called MANHER Cain RT cainwreck Next excuse will be the unveiling of the Caine Evil Twin.
Great suggestions.
Tough courses.
We'll pass those along to our deals team  I know they've talked to all of those.
Yeah, but reading the news each day, it's a new team he's going to.
sharks this morning but by afternoon who knows?
When life confronts you with nothing but headwinds, keep on sailing.zig zag if you have to.
Be Encouraged!
Have a bless week!
Pas
Perfect, thanks!
I knew you would be the perfect resource to turn to.
;
MAC love :
Spotted Michael Ginsberg outside my building.
I was tempted to ask his opinion on last night's Mad Men.
Tiger Girls Unleashed  News at 9

Artists that allow Fans into their lives to really see who They are 'em for that
yeahh there's like people that went to see him, it's in their statuses on fb lol
lol, been on the grind!
Heard u r getting it in at AP : You down for a brewers game bf you leave.
I have got to know alot of the people who are at capital most days...dedicated...pizza Mike is great with all his signs...
Ha yeah really...
good stuff in that piece though
If You want ill text You by that Now :
Yo.
Now on Twitter!!!
Made it to the front page of Google for the search term Grown Man Business!!!
Somewhere, a kid named Heath Shuler is saying yes.
MT: If we have a boy, would it be wrong to name him Robert Griffin Rossmeier?
follow back please
Anyways, Good Morning : We hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving Day.
Chat with us if you have questions.
Hope you had a good weekend!
Scary movies on netflix, and bumming it out.
I could use company.
Yep.
Zero.
They got an earful from me.
Decided to go to morning practice
I agree, but the problem is I am not checking it.
Man in Black: Do you always begin conversations this way?
Welcome.
Come in.
Stay a while.
yeah, lame!
im not : idk bout the other girls
I LOVED you on thevoice just wanted to let u know 3
Thanks!
RT : We're sipping a satisfying cup of 's Chanakara Blue Ginger!A totally beautiful brew!
You guys rock!
Make your haters your motivaters
I just got the same email from I'm guessing it is an email screw up.
Are we really keeping Rory Gilmore around for this long?
I don't...
understand.
Follow me?
:D 3
Love the Simpsons reference RT : ....
and oh yea Self vs Calipari  there's that whole Supernintendo Chalmers thing going on
May depend on outlook of Cravens, Hargreaves, Redfield, Willis, Goodman
That'd make me Leon Phelps!
RT : Just saw an ad for NESN program called Dirty Water TV.
That's an SNL sketch, right?
In the studio putting finishing touches on the new album...
Fuck, I need to skate.
What's your favorite OneDirection song?
Time for a new cover!
Tony Orlando...though that don't quite seem right...maybe Gabe Kaplin???
I can't wait to see prom pics 
Nice!
RT At a Finnish home decor design show, name of one line of cookware has six letters in it, 4 of which are u!
Just hate it when you are in a MTT and are in the money and you have been showing great hands with raises and some donkey calls you and wins
If you went to the Orlando Warped you can go vacation on our beaches....or nude beaches...either one will do.
It's difficult to be angry lately because life is going so splendidly.
Thank you, universe.
Who's going to win Boston or Atlanta who are you going for?
: My brain doesn't know if its wants to be a Hip Hop Artist or a Hip Hop Journalist....shrug  Rock Both!
I'm DJ Dave C, from Denver Colorado,.
Have U ever been asked to make a personal pair of shoes with your logo, and there name.
faSho:: Yall stay tuned.this yr im bout2 make major moves ligts,camera,action lets go!!
Well, gosh, you guys are TOO nice!
RT : there only 1 Matt Scoble !
Fact
started that TT :
Hi, Sarah!
Thanks for connecting with us!
How is this Dude DAMOTHEGREAT!!!!!!!!
At this very moment, I'm listening to  I'm Tasty  by Pink Dollaz.
If you don't know who they are, you ain't livin' yet.
3
Mold spores can spread into the home and eat away at everything from ceiling panels to furniture make it quite the undesirable intruder.
Have you tried Philz coffee down here on Paseo de San Antonio in San Jose, we recommend the 'Slow Good' blend, it's well, so good!
haha alright, bieber dance moves hour is over.
for now....
I would be careful when you say that a women is a cold hearted bitch because it was a man who made her that way !
Why do you think i'm having lunch with you, obviously is it to help you correct this atrocity :
Ok, I will rewrite mine when I get done with my homework.
Kids are great.
12 year old girls snacked on pistachios, now using the shells as boats.
Plastic fish they found is terrorizing the boats.
Prayer is for connection to the father; fasting is for keeping that connetion.
Thats what we like to hear!
RT : Off to yoga with  the best part of Monday
nopee I'm not !
I'm thinking of how gorgeouse you are and how much ide love a follow x: x
Good Night everybody!
:
Well Taurus is cool too
Son of a WHORE!
Kick back at Tony's place .....
pass x
Vegas baby!
It takes a lot for me to apologize, so when I do, please appreciate it.
Hey!
Im on TV!
Watch WGN America and you may see me in some spots for 30 Rock.
i love when i realize my friend hacks my twitter and tweets about taking a shit.
I enjoyed your performance
Show me what I'm looking for
Happy mothers day.
:
Just landed in Chicago, speaking at Resurrection College Prep Tonight!
Yay going to the beach and pool next week with
Let's doctornk to memories we shared, before to long you'll be a memory.
/3 Mayday Parade.
Last day of classes as an undergrad!
I'm headed to Seattle !!
twitter lost my tweet!
Busy busy busy!!!/:
I love you , I love you not , I love you .....
When douse the cycle end ?
Laws control the lesser man.
Right conduct controls the greater one.
Chinese Proverb
How happy are the players with that?
can i update my rivals professorle ?
Air mattress city up in 's house.
Who says I can't cook?
You obviously haven't tasted my cereal.
: SET TIMES sheets will be available to the first 1,000 people at the booth tomorrow at !
Tabloid was CRAZY.
Seriously, I can't believe this woman is real.
Gravity .
Photoshop for women laying down to enlarge breast size.
Who wants to be in a photoshoot today/tomorrow?
:
I'm fucking huge now son!
Get super ran lol
lol no, idk who it was
peace im in San Francisco right now recording been traveling for like 3 years follow me back ...
Listen to some talented actors in the NY Capital.
Great speech by Des Clark to business group in Gurnee, Illinois re importance of mentoring and his 88Wayz Youth Foundation
RT These models are wearing the latest fashions like they're going out of style.
Today was good bout to get alot better ;
how is it dude?
Hold it down me and will be there on the 1st.
Time to get our young professorssional on.
.: Watchdogs are concerned use of model bills is a new form of lobbying that's completely legal, but unregulated.
Your tweets made my day.
It's the absolute best that you know how many NCEs you have in a second.
And the nigga that set him up got a price on his head
I totally walked by you like twice today and was way to nervous that it wasn't you :/ wish I would have said hi
where are you?
In heaven?
Lol
ToyInventors need an idea?
IHaveAnIdea !
Will you market an inexpensive toy that works all the time, in most any weather?
Kids easy!
22712

Public unions aren't perfect but mostly they're made up of hard working  caring Americans.
I keep thinking I won't like this game more, and then it just gets deeper.
I'm addicted.
At hale interchange...
I'm actively praying now...
We've hydoctorplanes twice
3WordsOfAdvice FREE YOUR MIND
Thanks to for such a great college night at the museum The Villa is so beautiful!
True self control: passing up a starbucks ham and cheese sandwich
See you at the Pittsburgh Bridal Show tomorrow at the Pittsburgh Convention Center.
We will have Limo and Limo Buses on hand for tours.
my roommate and I tried to do one in college.
Talk about stupid ideas.
Good luck!
I'm super excited about tonight!
Haven't had this Game 7 feeling since 03.
I'm just ready!!
Go Devils!!!!
For some reason i feel like summer is over....
:
MetroStage's production of The Musical of Musicals Tickets for Tonight's 8:00 performance on sale now.
www.metrostage.org
na keep him, when Bron gets his ring he'll shut up  say ...
ok he's the best
Pandora doesn't go back in the box
Sitting in the lobby of 'W' magazine right now...this is very surreal!
And über cool!!
lmao i was thinking that too..i was odee happy when he told me he had good news i already knew it but just to be sure i asked
Yeah right, like I really could've said something, you wouldn't heard it if a train was coming.
The gospel is not just the diving board, its the pool.
We grow not by going beyond the gospel, but deeper into the gospel.
J.D.
Greear
HP 39;Slate 839; Windows tablet details surface
I would be interested in going...but I can't go until Friday evening
I don't know why but so many things are running through my mind right now..
you better!
the monitors have estranged on them when I find out all the reasons...
Why watch the fight?
I have twitter.
I'll know every good moment.
Ltb's, bday party, place is packed, dance floor needs more pops locks n doctorps!!!!
Bring ur boogie shoes n join the fun!!!!!
Let's go!!!!
Who says either of them are bad?
haha just kidding!
lmao.
I said I be busy not ballin!
more money more bills!!
FML!!
Lord, if I can t be skinny, please let all my friends be fat.
The MLS digital team had a great night These guys really know how to do it right.
Thank you for a great night.
We will be back.
Bwhahabut you can't help who you love, right?
:P
Can i have a good night jacky?
:
thank you ma'am!
are you having outages in Ames?
You getting closer.
Or, Your getting closer....or You're.
:
Where is a good place to track free agent signings?
Today in 1865 Robert E.
Lee surrendered his 28,000 troops to Ulysess S.
Grant effectively ending the Civil War.
me too..just got in to the first tape and now this...
Bet that was a worth while trip!
RT : detroit to see van halen back in 07
I am a cyborg  one of my favorite moments of
Yall Listen to this man !!!
RT : Thx for the follow honey every1 that is my LOYAL FOLLOWERS Plz follow 
HI AUSTIN IM JEYLIN BONILLA AND PLZ GO CHECK OUT MY COUSIN AND CHECK OUT HIS RAPS, HE IS A SICK RAPPER !
So if Gingrich thinks someone else is arrogant, how arrogant are they?
Best NYE yet.
Got a NYE kiss and didn't blackout
Because she is his greatest danger she demands from a man his greatest, and if he has it in him she will receive it.
Jung on the Anima
I'm really not sure how I feel about being called ladybug by a Sonic carhop.
Once a team says Ok we'll move there if you build a stadium we start building the stadium
What would it take to make every city school a place where kids and teachers want to be?
aw!
That's so damn sad tell them to fuck off
1st yrbrutal.
RT : Did you move here from somewhere else?
Was Minn really that nice?
Outsider series on Mon dailycircuit at 9.
Best wishes to you and your husband while he recovers!
: Aw, Petrino is sad that LSU wouldnt stop scoring Adolph Hitler on Petrino: Man, that guy is a dick!
Brunch with mama after soccer : 3
Avoid criminal investigation?
MT mister Mayor...
What have you accomplished that makes you better?
You know what's cooler than a space shuttle strapped to a plane?
A space shuttle launching into space.
For the past few nights I've had intense contractions.
Tonight nuthin but movin  kickin around.
I think I prefer contractions.
because of the Pirates recent woes the Brewers game got the C team from Fox
That Subways was on point earlier.
I'm ready for saturday!
Are you?!!
Party!!!!!3;
You sure as hell don't mess with a great novel.
So, please, Hollywood stop messing w/ what is already great.
It's not doing you any good.
Never again
It feels good not to have to go to school anymore
haha um, no smart ass :p You just never call me medina
ZesMo Mobile Marketing  www.zesmo.com
my friends has hundoctord of sexy korean girly guys on her binder 
I couldn't agree with you more!
: A Taurus has a reliable and dependable personality, they are the people who get things done!
damn straight!
May the Fourth be with you all.
Happy Star Wars Day!
Decided I wasn't blonde enough so I went back and had Maria fix it.
I'm definitely super blonde now :
petpeeve Why do so many spell Pittsburgh wrong?
It's a major city.
Saw it wrong again today
You cant expect people to love you the way you love others :/
Ugh, talk is so cheap for most!!!
Beer goggles...allowing ugly people to have sex since 1852...
A/B testing is so exciting!
I'm so nervous!
i think reed might have a slight chance he played the entire game against the browns on DEF and special teams played his ass off
it's almost time to get up it's noon
I've been writing in the hero's pov all day.
Ready to grow hair on my chest.
We'll just get him some of that Lester Hayes stickum.
He'll be fine!
0O
Thanks for the follow.
Kreider is going to net the game winner
Mf's be tweaking..
Doin TOO much..
Using SparkNotes cuz i dont feel like reading a whole fking chapter..
Kobe just put it away
Sierra Club opposes transportation referendum  Atlanta Journal Constitution
Shoobydoowop,and scobby snacks,met a fly girl and i can't relax,the only problem is she's a movie star.
Ty RT : Thanks for the mention
Love my friends3
Trayvon Martin on my mind!!!
RealTalk...
is one of the few Artists I've known that has consistently kept me going.
Straight up
anxiously awaiting news from Egypt.
will today finally be the day Mubarak gets a clue and steps down?
hoping so!
are you really gay?
I am too:
My connections been consistently unreliable in the evening for a month.
A number of my friends have been having the same problem.
Are you a good person?
Tell us about it
Mitt could try: Love is a many gendered thing
what happened?!
Last night was by far the worst night of my life thus far.
Hoping tonight gives me better results..
On my way back to Waukesha
When will you follow me?:3
Very sad that was not at the wax museum!
Now it all the way till October till i can see my future wife ha
Aw that's cute.
What ya get her?
Don't remember much except Quinn, idk.
Thanks again.
: PT test  derby Sat, nada Sun.
You?
True love is the most powerful magic of all
I Did It!
Slightly disturbed by how much I liked the fluff and refried beans sample at the What the Fluff festival.
Also the fluff and BBQ sauce.
i think you played this song this weekend enough for the rest of the year
Fucking hipsters ruining the hatred for ugly Christmas sweaters.
Happy Father's Day to all the wonderful Dad's out there 3!!
I'm thinking of starting a charity to cure fontwhiplash.
ha.
I wish I were the chief!
Of course, Jimmy!
Have you been a guest on any other podcasts?!
There's always a seat open for the hometown marmot.
I think we all need to step it up  the followers in school make some posters to put up around?
If you're checked after walk
oh?
Nice!
Let me know.
stop that!
then have a nice holiday!
oh watch out!
Lol
Rumour Has It 
just landed...
I guess I will find somewhere to get some new threads
About to kill off a character in my new book.
Man this is hard.
Let us bow our heads and pray.
Oh dear!
There needs to be a nonshirt, noshoes,no game watching law.
im getting better lls
Then someday maybe...
MEAD!
:D
I feel like I shouldn't say anything because that would make me gullible..
I'm like a modern day carpet bagger.
I've been living out of my bag all week.
Never regret anything.
If it's good, it's wonderful.
If it's bad, it's experience.
Why is it that most nudists are people you don't want to see naked?
Thanks for the RT!
You're not helping me here!
Love the handshake tradition.
Bring on the Devils.
now tht just means the president is jealous too cuz hes not as beastly as mister Wiggles.
This keeps getting better and better!!
Friday is just not the same
oh wow..
Cool!
Thanks bro!
haha nice!
sounds like something , , or would say
Mortons Chicago.
The Original.
You liked The Wire, yeah?
Have you watched Simon's Generation Kill or The Corner?
Don't feed me scraps that's not coolI want to go to doggie school!
thank you
Biz tip: Consider how you can convert your current offerings into multiple income streams.
via
the inconsistences are returning.
Thanks!
It keeps getting better with the more people I meet :
When you wake up you have two choices, Its either you sleep again and continue to doctoram or Stand up and make your doctorams real.
thank ya thank ya!
The poses are just shapes within which you can have the experience of yoga.
a nice
Mexican food is on fire!!!
Workout b4 work!
alright buddy
THE PHILADELPHIA 76ERS ARE BACK AS AN OFFICIAL NBA BASKETBALL TEAM AND AS A PHILADELPHIA SPORTS TEAM
I.
Am.
Awesome.
That is all.
Fred Meyer employee has ear severed in apparent hatchet attack.
Anyone up in Longview witness this or know anyone that did?
Wanna talk...
Tape you taping me.....
and Brent actually talks, I'm relieved.
Was wondering about that poor boy.
Hey Brent ya sound cool!
Taking the train home for the first time!
Happy to be home again, and not taking credit for the hitchhiking sunshine brought back from Phoenix.
It wasn't me, no no...
;D
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
i'm so freakin jealous of her....why can't i look that beautiful ?
All I need is marry marry marry I ain't fuckin with no other doctorg
All smiles.
Come on Jake
Passed a car yesterday and in what I thought was the doctorver's seat there was, staring at me through the window, a 4 year old child
Best of luck with your shoot.
You're amazing, can't wait to see it!
:
Dude.
Am I the only one who confuses Garam Masala with Marsala wine?
Close call.
im gonna vote for yall for the rest of the day PopOff vote vote vote3
Happy Jim Burr is reffing this Georgetown/Cincy game.
Now, UofL doesn't have to deal with him tonight.
thanku we definitely appreciate it!
Congrats with ur company.
Doing great things boss.
Continued success
It's nice to be in a building with insulation with all this wind!
Yea but at least you can take a zombie out.
WTF are you gonna do with a Trex on your ass?
It's raining cats..now just need it to rain a few men!
Thanks to EVERYONE for getting IHC to 20k FB fans!!!
My goodness, such vitriol.
Kentucky is not only the best team in college basketball...they are playing the best right now too.
Fantastic, sir.
Enjoy yo'self.
Been to kneehigh park or somethin?
:D
Someone came up to me at the gym and asked what event I was training so hard for.
Life mother fucker
Awesome game last nite.
Really entertaining, unlike alot of games coughBig Eastcough 1 of 2 best games this yr
when will you come back to Philippines?
?
?
?
?
Having been there myself, that was definitely a mistake.
Starting Fransisco Liriano in your fantasy line up is like playing Russian roulette with every chamber loaded.
austin dancing, oh my gosh
Thanks.
I'm looking forward to it
All I got to say is DALLAS MAVS BABY
Thx!
Yes, the data will be available for others to analyze..eventually.
Not sure of dates yet.
I fuck her good, and she always ride it for me
happehhh; how i now spell happy, captainred the word!
Hey can i ask you something?
Vegas RT If you could be one place, right now; where would it be?
Great game bro!!!
S/O from the Bay
The are proud to be the first live event to earn the coveted winners seal from Parent Tested, Parent Approved.
Congrats!
Are you in DC?
If so, you probably love HappyHour!
May 31 we'll be , so put it on your calendar now!
We want to see you there!
Spent last week in Pittsburgh.
Checked out for dindin.
Pretty good, and very accomodating to our large group of 10.
Sometimes when I think about what to make for dinner I think about simply cooking the pound of bacon in my fridge and digging in.
It's hard to take anyone seriously when they quote Lil Wayne lyrics in retort to what you said.
stern  good to see u tweeting 
hey I could use some hints for baby Ayden :
When seeing or hearing can make your day...
just made my 26.2 donation....way to go, Ali!
: The Giants scare me again.
Big Blue!
Oh I just can't wait to be king
I can't stop listening to
Let's go boys!
You can do it!!
Best one yet.
Fox schools stage spring musicals, comedies
Thanks for the RT about our next promotion and Much appreciated.
i remember the et one.
doctorpepper 
1111 Just because of the number you'll get the 10 ;D no jk.
I like ur name :
Do you have to have an iphone to have Viddy on your phone?
I have a blackberry :/
Volunteers R needed 2 collect petition signatures, hold signs,  get postcards signed  the MayDay March.
Can u help us out?
I totally would!
we will stop by!
:
Hip hop went pop and crossed over and never came back.
I used to love her
Heading to the studio to broadcast today's Carlson on the Law show.
It starts at 11.
Good morning, yea today is a beautiful day :D
Ah.
The actual release has been available for a week or two.
I guess they held off sending the email for a bit.
No way sanctions this harsh if Patriots, Giants, Jets, or Packers were involved with bounties.
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with Nike GPS.
I can relate.
Some ppl think I love / hate daisy's.
I like your choice; wish more ppl would b creative.
Food For thought RT : Gamification is not just games.
Ur Loyalty program is ur game  ur asking customers to play.
you are dumb
All day everyday speeding to Eden!!!
Happy bday Neal Patel!!!
Of Course You Realize I am Controlling World Events From This Laptop...
great pizza shop!
Check out my New  Acappella Version of Be Here Now!
I got hit on by a lesbian...
She wanted the booty, but she ain't gettin' it though!!!!!!!
You Scored as doctorwning look out for baths...
they can be quite deadly...
Journal writing is a voyage to the interior
Probably.
But thats why I love them...their so dedicated3
Graphing at Wrigley today was brutal.
but yeah don't expect a positive response every time cc/
Watching Mystery Science Theater 3000 via watch instantly.
Laughing so hard I can barely breathe.
enjoy your vacation!!
No worries!
YouTooDamnOldToBe wearing Aeropostale, AF, and American Eagle..
next week :D
What are you guys doing today?
anything fun/exciting?
:
Congrats on winning the derby!
I know.
I just listened to the audio of his apology, and was thoroughly disgusted.
for now i am.
Thanks tho
Somebody needs to invent a mirror that takes pictures...
Denial ain't just a river in egypt.
SCHOOL IS POINTLESS.
English: We Speak It, History: They're dead get over it, Math: 112 Beyonce taught us that.
Spanish: We Have Dora :
thanks.
As with everything, its a work in progess
I don't believe in taking people seriously that can't give me label, especially if they have an excuse for not giving a label.
RT : Why do I need WSVN?
Or even DirecTV for that matter.
I'd be willing to pay the NFL 15 or 20 a month to stream to my TV.
Just arrived to to talk about severe weather stories I'm working on with Look for them next week and a preview in minutes.
What was that?
RT : Memphis Grizzlies will close out the series today.
It was great to meet you at the Wauwatosa Women's Club event!
Well I try not to but if I get offered I probably won't say no haha.
going?
RT : If you want a lower level seat to see Lin vs Rubio tonight in Minnesota, you're paying at least 100.
Not there today but thanks for the invite!!
Great to have you part of the ClearedJobFair COBOL C security clearance
Nope!
You made it just in time.
Good Morning!
I just felt a massive tremor in my home in DC.
Unbelievable.
The way that we are is the reason I stay.
Kudo's to Petra Mitchell on her great speech at the Heinz History Center for the Catalyst Connection Banquet!
Hello to all my new friends!
I don't agree 100 with conservatives but I do believe we should strive for abstinence among teens.
I'm going to start studying Laurence Olivier, Marlon Brando and Anthony Hopkins.
Hell Yeah
Me and rockin the road trip to south by southwest in the dodger!!
Welcome to chromozonexx website magazines official twitter page
so sad i didnt actually do that Devin.Anne3
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations
Exclusive: A look inside an animal hoarder's filthy San Diego home.
wat!?!?!
Wait I forgot I recorded it wat performis was it after????
Lol
no...too much red tape to get out of the country...especially to where I'm going....
Mitch Hedberg Movie Los Enchiladas  The Paramount Thtr on Aug.
12 7pm.
Go to our Calendar and find out more.
www.andersonparamount.org.
Food Fact of the Day: May 14, 1853 Gail Borden applied for a patent for condensed milk.
If only her cousin Lizzy had done it first....
if you are not following me back on here i am about to stop following you.
GET IT!
such an inspiration!
good call on rondo's triple double
Ms.
Pacman tourney at Classic Slice Bay View, soon.
Details forthcoming!
Classic Slice North Ave not only has Donkey Kong, but now has 720.
LastTimeIChecked wearing flip flops in the winter isn't smart...
Good to see Broncos back
I am always scared to go on the tumblr app on my phone because you never know what you will see and who gonna walk by at that time.
Greetings  thanks for connecting with us.
Looking forward to sharing!
Linda :o
thinking about writing Gov.
Paterson about the water.
I can't believe I'm up thinking about water and not writing.
But there it is.
Saw it, will definitely follow!
So, when you're on your computer at night, in the dark, in the summer, little bugs flock to the lighted screen.
Where DO college kids put all their dorm stuff in summer?
So happy our Sarah is back, so cluttered is our house!
just because everyone sleeps with you doesn't mean you're hot or sexy..it means your EASY.
hey are you going to Fanime?
Wine and greens don't go together.
RT : Former Supt Jerry Weast of Montgomery County, Md, describes the new ABCs of education reform: Accuse, Blame, Criticize.
thanks for coming to see me!
good neighbor.
I have an audition at The Groundlings in Los Angeles tomorrow.
I am crossing my fingers that I get in.
I love comedy and improv.
Bout to finish this studio with my nigga
Get out of my
Ill do fine on my own!:/
samee : but I'm laying in bed and I dont wanna go all the way downstairs ahahha :
will you please follow me please please please : PLEASEE NOTICE ME :/
Today is deff my lazy day :
I love the Nyan Cat remix!!!
:D
Love I'd send you me
It's amazing how being sick keeps you up later than you'd expect to, because I was out from 7:30PM to 4AM
Hey Brent how are you doing bro?
Those at MCN2011 please say Hi to our Creative Director !
Great resource for how museums can use tech and design innovation!
Bombed that test
Jenny House of : expect to see less formula funds and more competitive funds in the future
At least I know I can ask for The Godfather now at
Want to work at Pinkberry Mandeville?
We are at job fair today interviewing shiftlead candidates!
Ohh my, im turning into my dad.
I'm only human, of flesh and blood I'm made.
Human, born to make mistakes.
Love that song!
Excited about the possibilities for Augmented Reality use.
If feels good when he call my name
workflow I gotta make that money baby!!!!!
Happy Birthday s/o to my brother Love u boo boo!
Proverbs 6:25 KJV Lust not after her beauty in thine heart; neither let her take thee with her eyelids.
Happy Kansas Day
Signing with new commercial representation today, and away we go!
Good friends are like Stars You dont always see them, but you know they are always there.
i will dm u my email too
From my experience How to write an RFP for social media has been the most useful presentation of
First women subtract from their age, then they divide it, and then they extract its square root.
Whatever seafood place I'm at has all these stacked waiters with amazing bodies.
God has definitely blessed this restaurant.
Dance like the photo's not being tagged, love like you can't be unfriended, tweet like nobody's following.
Buttons, switches and tilted to the left: A Pimp's Cadillac or a doctorbble shot?
Thinking about starting a blog about running and/or webby library stuff.
Wondering if I would stick with it, though...
The Supt job doesn't appeal to me, but I certainly respect those who do it well.
Districts need great leaders, espec now.
Happy Pride Day!
Go GAY people !
Count my green..
Get in between..
Those titties
The Feeling I Get From Youu ;
Ppl want to restructure America but to what?
A capitalist, socialist, libertarian country...what exactly is that?.
Behold, if anyone says to you, Lo, He is in the desert, believe it NOT!
Follow Team Stunna Kentucky bang!!!
In my voice
it takes me a couple days
Better Pickup: Kevin Smith, Vareen, Forsett or Joe Brian McKnight?
That's the way narrative conferences should go!
They tend to get even nicer as the years go on!
haha i can tell!
i'm not really a huge fan of his, so we'll see what happens with the rest of the season.
When you write it you should make a show of taking it out of your backpack and putting it on your desk for inspiration.
LOL
always got jokes..ha!...Kelly C always speaks da truth..lol
Hi April!
Long time no see.
I hope you're doing well and hope to run into you again some time soon.
well this part.
I am more South Beach then horse country
Emails will be the death of me.
People need to stop sending so many!!!
i keep trying to send you follow me but it saves to doctorfts 
Happy Valentines Day to my beautiful bride.
Thank you for so much love and happiness.
Good afternoon world...r u ready 4 the weekend?
Be.
Just be and watch the judgment slip away.
Hapoe everyone is having a
Seriously; only 5th time in NCAA history.
Not fedora in a dark alley kind of sketchy I hope.
// Need help with anything?
The technical difficulties really brought out the best in
South Texas  Texas Hill Country hit us for custom tshirt screen printing  embroidery.
Price is great  customer service over the top!
you're very welcome!!
And I sure did lol
The marginalized many  the fortunate few need each other to experience greatest significance in life.
The point of watching a movie is watching it so I wish my teacher would quit barking watch every 5 seconds
I was just jelly bc you were wearing it.
I WON'T WRITE ON IT.
Definitely!
My niece use to doctorw me w/hair sticking straight up when she was younger.
LOL I would prefer a mullet any day!
;D
i miss you with your braces3
Whats up Packer Fans???
World Champs up in here
fair enough, but it's the principal of the matter.
The Times's and other publications splattering of their news content w/ ads.
Wasteland.../still/ one of my favorite games.
Ever.
Thank you.
I hate how they've scheduled these nbaplayoffs games at 10:30 eastern time.
Thank you for the mention!
I love watching live tweets of your brother's farts on Twitter at 2 AM.
Thank you!
:
Girls, if a man EVER puts his hands on you, do what Rhianna did, leave, forever...
ACL data sharing policies: we would publish the website link if this paper was accepted.

would give Eighty tens for DWTS Packer Nation is SO proud of you!!!
Bordeaux 2011  Super Tuesday: Over 40 releases overwhelm negociants, merchants Over 40 chateaux have released their prices today â i
Cheering you on in your support of some wonderful causes...good luck!
Thanksgiving is over.
Time to get back in shape.
Oh ok cool.
Yall film tomorrow and Thurs?
What yall doing tonight?
Sony doing what they do best, ripping off the success of other companies....
Maybe she changed her name and moved here.
she had it added to the twitter terms  conditions
Charlatanism of some degree is indispensable to effective leadership
Must get report done.
Door shut.
Uncoiling the razor wire.
I got 5
I can't wait to see Aliens VS.
Monsters with my kids.
Good call sir.
watching the Grammy's looking forward to seeing great performances and great tributes.
Feds selling off priciest works of art to save cash
Being single does not mean no one wants you...it just means that God is busy writing your love story
I love the hills!!
I'm watching the 2nd episode now!!!
Heidi be crashing the party!!!
Hey guys and gals!
Follow for updates about the collection, sales and random happenings at Kelly Lane.
Help spread the word!
He really is though.
can't figure out what's on NPR right now but it's awesome.
I am hiking Mt.
Marcy this weekend.
Excited, also a tad nervous.
Anyone have any experience with it?
Watching starwars with my kids for the first time.
There should be some sort of mandatory waiting period re: covering pop songs, like 35 years at least.
Just heard M.I.A.
folk style
More coffee, more coffee, more coffee oh, good morning...more coffee, more coffee, more coffee, more coffee, more coffee, more coffee, mo
Day 6.
Time to kick the tires and light the fires.
will pass that request along
Wow, been a whole two games.
I will build you a cake.
Just sent off my video audition to Washington!
Now, back at this website madness.
apparently no news on GTAV until release of max payne 3...
in may.
I'll be in the gym in 7 hours with Jon to help him cut weight for his Pro Boxing debut
Theyre singing Love You Like A Love Song on Glee.
Got a new follower!!!
Im so happpyyy
Jesus christ Lebron.
What the fuck are you doin?
Met w/bestselling author Julie Fast!
She'll be presenting at the WAN BMW Sat Apr 25, and a panelist on the WAN Publishing RT Sun.
Apr 26!!!
It certainly makes bus transit about 100x more usable RT I'm pretty sure transit data is the gateway doctorg of
Ima multitasker!
Hahaha!I wanna hear you say  sistaneedawheelchair  when u finish crushing LEGS!
Can u skype
That he is, especially so early in the morning :.
For many, a letter still says it best  The Seattle Times

all my years of iPhone experience and never an issue, till today!!
My phone fell in the bathroom, shattered.screen...
So pist!!!
Grr.
Join us for our 1st event of the year with from on 9/14 For info, visit www.facebook.com/aafmiami
I know.
It's almost as if he thinks that cultural heritage has something to with actual human beings.
Finally realizing not to take my family for granted.
UNDERSTANDING YOUR SOUL PURPOSE  SPIRITUAL ASTROLOGY Tonight, 7:30  9pm The Psychic Eye 8189068263 Class overview, bring ur natal chart!
Ur going to see Good Deeds now?
No fair!
I want to go too!
RT : Now it's time for my movie date with self...
that would be incredible when you get there ask for Justin
lol with that doctorver over 4000!!!
But new one is under 2500 so were getting it fixed!
Bad news: Santora event is cancelled tomorrow, but make sure to stop in tonight to see Ed Lin!
I never want to hear about whale meat again.
EVER.
Nor do I want to hear about Isadora Duncan or Martha Graham.
Tell her to write about a small town mayor in a newspaper.
Hi Anthony  Thanks for the follow.
Wow, 93000 tweets.
You have a lot to say.
; Look forward to reading your tweets!
Fire up those engines
I want.
RedSox have 3 guys on your MVP ballot, 2 guys on your LVP ballot and Lackey gets your Cy Yuk.
I feel even more lost than before.
Heading to web team party with
Why is your avatar a closeup of your head ?
Winter has finally arrived in Wisconsin.
Most years, we're sick of it by now.
This year, the snow  cold are still a novelty.
Don't skimp on lunch.
Give yourself a good meal to refuel.
And take a moment to reflect, look up, muse and reorient yourself.
Amazing, really.
Dick Clark made a career out of being Dick Clark.
Couldn't dance.
Couldn't sing.
But he was one heck of a Dick Clark.
RIP
We're still looking for a student intern for the festival!
Also, nonmajors are welcome to participate in the festival.
Its cold as flack in here!
I'll give my book idea a little more thought this weekend and then tweet you to set up good time to call you.
i think someday should be now !
Please follow me justin 312
You are welcome!
Have a great wednesday :
that makes a lot of sense.
The question: what was emancipation?
was always at the forefront of our minds.
I want warm skin against mine.
Hands gently caressing my sleep filled body.
To feel safe and kept.
Tangled legs and neck kisses.
Bliss.
Hell yeah!
Thanks!
We really appreciate it.
Let us know what you think of the rest :
We're on summer vacation :
I'm so happy I'm moving back to the city.
:
true, but what about the intimidation factor?
Who needs speed when the other team is worried about your mustache?
what?!
How does she have any right to tell you or them what to do on their off time.
I've been trying to get to get an Irish sisters tattoo w/ me for years!!!
Maybe we can do a cousins one :
that is a great song right there.
Lots of web updates today.
We have a full house of interns in the building, so I'll be working w/ them also.
More blog posts likely.
Excellent.
I'm really glad to hear it.
Let's go celtics!
BoxCarSuperstar RT : I wanted to do all those things!
Bet we see it in next 35 yrs MT Stern says ads on jerseys not coming in near future.
More media generated buzz...
He said it!
Hatred is a very underestimated emotion.
Jim Morrison
Bowling with the Fam is always fun.
I stink at bowling but I had a good time!
At social networking panel in S'field w three super engaging panelists.
Dubeauclard, Krause and Wolfe rock.
Relax, don't worry, have a homebrew.
make it nasty
dearhair why do you have so many grey hairs...I am only 24??!!
I need to stop watching sporting events in La Tomate.
We spared no expense...
After a bumpy start, I wish all my boys a great trip to Gulf Shores for DMB.
and
and you're not dead, so okay.
Yes, the kid is amazing.
There are so many more amaxing childoctorn undiscovered.
I'll stay in my room cause I don't like that show.
AWESOME!!
LOVE IT!!
Well tweeters maybe you can help me understand it because I just don't get it.
Tweet you guys laterBAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER.
I respect your maddening travel schedule Margaret.
It was nice meeting you at sxsw.
Safe travels!
They were then sent to a factory a slave laborers until the factory was destroyed.
Cats by 11.
the remaining five hours just got worse.
They each had their own maybach, but had to share camels, WTF?
landed in Vegas.
Look out.
chicago acappella  combined, you can't go wrong!
Since it's not really possible to know when you're being deceived, is trust any more than willful ignorance with a bit of hopeful optimism?
IMMATURE the word boring people describe fun people lmaoo:
if you like what makes you beautiful check out one thing and gotta be you!
its gotta be you cuz youve got that one thing!!
; 3
I kinda think D.Rose missing a lot of games this season cause he want CJ to get better.
It's a gorgeous day and I'm doctorving to NYC: wow!
Got to see Katie dohmann of too!
Great night!
hell no.
lol well that's good!!
R u out of class now?!?
Lol
Renewing your mind is one of the most best things you can do in your battle against the enemy.
You ARE who GOD says you are!
how do I get the install kit?
I love you Justin, I really hope you see this!
that's how I felt, too.
I'm surprised at how quickly everything went by.
same here
Eating Hershey's kisses : 
Got my math teacher to vote for my contest picture
RT : Athletes never graduate.
They always have coaches.
They always have someone pushing them along.
Working w/a vendor for video you agree to a treatment  elements to sign off on.
thank you!!!
: hope all of your classes are going well also!
Thanks for the FF love!
Well the first Saturday of the year sucked for me: ND and Oregon loss to along with a UW win.
Atleast it was an embarrassing win over EWU
Watching a special on beavers, they're awesome.
You know I need you, just like you need me.
thanks so much for the ff love!
I know the feeling!
who's in charge of dp twitter??
Andoctorw??
Yea yea its the sour hour
Got a new doctorss for tomorrow :
loving all the pink at the ballpark today
Listening to our song So Beautiful, seeing wht else we gotta do to it.
Jordan's just working through his nerves.
He'll be alright.
Just has to settle
I wish I was in a car on my way to DC like  !
: Admit your weakness, God will add strength.
The Lord doesn't like arrogance but he will empower the humble.
If you haven't checked out The Turnaround do so now!!!
American student said that men with names like C.J., L.J.
or any initials, is most likely named after his father and is a junior.
True?
so, somebody light up my device, i need some conversations to get going
Hey Wordpress friends  best photo album plug in?
The awkward moment when someone's voice doesn't match their appearance.
Thanks choreographers: Marty Kudelka, Luther Brown, Kevin Maher, Jaquel Knight,
Who needs clothes when you have sandals and libations?
Paris Won't Forget You Either.
you are my inspiration I love you with all my heart I'm very orgullozo you're my idol
Loved reading the summertimehack essay by Kate Pruittin newspaper.
Good job everyone, you can feel the love you put in it.
ART TIME PUNKS now available at The Daily Planet Bookstore !
www.thedailyplanetbookstore.com
thank you for the update, happy to hear Devon was able to take care of you, sorry for the numerous contacts
Teenagers are either doctornk, stoned, texting, having sex, or asleep.
I find that offensive.
some of us like to eat too, you know.
E:60 NFL doctorft ...
didnt know Luck and RGIII both got doctorfted to Stanford as freshmen.
Talent respects talent
are you getting high off glitter again??
welcome aboard!
looking forward to working on things together!
That's me!
I'll have him send you guys invites
Oh no...
What was the interview for?
I'll look it up.on YouTube...
hey I know u will never notice but you would rock my world if you would please follow me back your so cute and funny 33333333
i'm so fucking annoying.
Never a better way to start the day than with Starbucks 3
Don't forget to RSVP in advance for tonight's program  'I Wanna Go Viral' with Brandon Faris of 5 for NonMembers who RSVP!
Check out our Facebook page and look at our pictures from IfAllofRoch DebraDean Scavenger Hunt last Friday
and : Kudos to you both you are an example to the world, on what matters most: supporting each others doctorams
Me either!
RT : I can't wait til the new season starts!!
:
Its funny how long relationships last, just like old stories, they're a thing of the past...
i'm out
Why do babies jump on your bladder.
I'mgoingtopissmyself
Just watched no strings attached for like the 100th time.
Ashton is also a guiltypleasure Those eyes!
Believe every word.
happy bday ddub!
Happy hump day!
follow back?:
omfg the only people that reply to my tweets are people that are trying to sell me something i immediately regret being born
you're still newish within MSP so it's cool.
Glad you're influentialness is growing!
can't wait!
U goin in lol yea rite!
Congrats to our whole team!
Street team and fans!
We are signing a Production deal with one of the best producers in the world this Sunday!
It gets touched, broken, stitched, reopened, infected, then eventually turns black forever.
Double R  Nicole wnt EVERYBODY TO GO TO Swigs North tonight for some dudes bday but 1st go to CoCo Lounge for Happy Hr/Networking!
wanna watch The Hunger Games again!!!!
good stuff!
And it's not like they're doing anything weird in the picture...but there's just this overwhelming feeling that you should hit them.
What a dull press conference that was......
minimum wage increases would throw a huge roadblock in the path of local economic recovery
Why do i like you so much
worst fans?
Or the most fans that just don't care?
Because I'd say the worst fans award goes to Toronto.
Listening party for the new Jack White album with free Austin's Pizza today at 6pm
jammin 2 ......i love you guys you inspire me so much!!
Woo NBA hypocrisy!
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
Been there,,, very sorry for your loss.
Stay strong.
100
I love the way Americans spell!
I even say see instead zed :
Just did!
Hope you will do the same!
28,000 left to reach our yearend goal TODAY!
Never given?
Your 25 is doubled by Hyde Challenge reply now or visit WFGM.org
.
Yes!
Super excited.
A little anxious.
Stomach in a knot.
: Yo mama's so ugly, she has to trick or treat over the phone
you keep replying to yourself
No less than three garter snakes and I scared each other in the garden today.
Forget robins.
Spring is here!
Looks like our TXScotRiteAccessLux meeting will need to be rescheduled due to
I am.
I'm cooking for my senior project presentation tomorrow
Let someone else say something to me a swear on my grave, I will kill someone...
I don't need this bullshit
Don't let people from your past hold your present hostage and control your future.
Allow yourself to laugh, love,  most important...live!
OomfNeedsTo talk to me more often!
If i die today id live on threw the seeds i planted in others and the love of my true friends and family so why fear wut must happen one day
Cheers to the freakin' weekend?
what's ur number
u asked ur mom remember movies
At the show with Anisa : D
Happy to announce that we just finished working on a landing page for Geneva Worldwide.
Take a look!
The folks at Geneva Worldwide were gre
needed to do some meetings tuesday  Wed in NYC...can I crash??
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: right lane closed on North 183 at MLK
Chooch knocks in another run and it's 51 going to the bot.
of the 5th.
It's just like Paul Simon sang: Facebook don't take my electronicallyapplied Kodachrome filter away and give it to everyone, I'm special.
Lot of ppl don't want 2 give credit to Pats bcuz they won on missed FG.
But no1 wants to tlk about how Giants won on a doctorpped punt return.
not a problem!
over what?
Sarah Phillips?
We're currently closed for installation!
Join us for the opening reception of Rolf Koppel: Willing on Wednesday, February 15 from 68pm.
im holden im 41 kilometers.....
Really not grams
About to start my late class...
Ugh
lol they have a surgery for that now.
And no girls Bitch on a constant

Hey, was this Tremolo Productions?
Been working w/them at MOCA for PST.
Super sweet folks!
SO.
HAPPY.
YOU'RE.
HERE.
This carmello contract deal is getting ridiculous.
can Denver just trade him so we can stop hearing about it?
Today I only want breakfast foods.
I just had a bowl of cereal for lunch.
: Winners accept responsibility and achieve results.
Losers blame others for their own failures.
LOVE THIS!!
Leadership teams should not use terms like ensure and secure etc
Sir Ken Robinson school bleaches out differences and works to create conformity
Disney Launches  Box Office India : India39;s premier film trade ...
Is it possible to get high off of soda??
Dang!
I already left!
I would have hung out if I knew you were DTF.
Lol : I'm at DTF w/ 
That's lovely.
Now make my phone stop freezing.
also u r very beautiful, he is a lucky man.
I would love to debate this with u in a calm way.
But I know that will not be.
What new albums/music coming out in 2011 are you excited about?
dear twitter, you're amazing just the way you are.
if perfect's what you're searching for then just stay the same!
say no to the
little kids are so cute when they pretend to read, the toddlers pointing at words...
warms my heart
Back in Ann Arbor.
And I think I'll actually be here for a few weeksno more July travel on the schedule.
Amazing.
I don't even use this term but that tyga I'm faded go so hard in the club and and can attest to that!Listening now
I'LL BRING THE TAPOUT SHIRTS!
I probably need to start unpacking my stuff.
:/
can you say, manufacturer returns?
unless they have a really big bargain bin...
When u find out please let me know!
Hi all did you check out our website yet www.createmoneyweb.com
yeah u gon definitely have to gimme some time, my joint grows SLOW
Hi Tucker!
Love to see this photo!
Hope we'll see each other on set soon.
hahahahahahahahhahahah.
omg i just died.
yes, are you?
And me too I don't want to go but there's only two more weeks left:
It's not too late, TFC.
You can still cancel your friendly with Liverpool and save your season.
GoodMorning I am the new definition of AIRPLANEMUSIC.
Tomorrow is the BIG day!
What is everyone doing for NYE?
I still have some tickets and tables left for you laggers!!
Anyone know where I can get Chinaco Anejo in north cputh san diego?
I love Harris Teeter and Kroger stores.
Hands down, beats anything New Mexico has in terms of grocery stores.
Albertonson'sugh
The are hosting tonight!
I love seeing Austin friends and in Best Worst Movie
a good effort.
Pls let me know how we can help if necessary to make this a reality.
Civic Works isn't enough.
I will have to endure.
Welcome our newest raven jacoby jones!!
don't matter where you rank pre season ya fruit....
and I you gonna cheer you gotta
Love that TWEET!!
I want Casey Seimaszko for Houdini.
Nati bound for the concert.
I've never been so mad in my life.
My sister is such a bitch.
Good morning!
World Champ talks about this 2012 Bulls team as we enter the playoffs  don't 4get 2 wear red!
See you at 6am!
Those were words last year after ripping me for defending Yuni B after he swung at a firstpitch meatball.
lol I was joking..
but it's still not true.
Quana don't even know yet
My Dad
Careful doctorving out there today!
Suspended dust and smoke over the Valley, from Arizona, may impact your vision on our roadways
Well yeah...
Sabrina and I would kick it out in the streets if it didn't like
Done is better than perfect.
Of course it is!
How can you build new innovations off of an existing one without it gettin 'done'?!?
What's up with Oklahoma City ?
Huge chunks of empty courtside seats for tonight's game with Blazers.
Shuda stayed in Seattle.
Let us know what kind of deal you'd like to see on our site!
What restaurant, shop, or service would you love to be able to save money at?
let's burn some candles !
haha imma be with Juana in a bit.
let's see what's up !
I shall text you
RIP Don Cornelius
i'm so freaking hungry man i wanna go home and make me something to eat ugghhhhhhhhhhhh why i gotta be here until 6:30
One week till spring break :
today kinda blows.
Why I like him?
Hm, they'll be a very long list!
; Why do you like him?
:
If we are going to survive we need a news industry we can trust  i.e.
fact checking
Food break, at 4:30 we are out and have to wait for the park to re open for gradbash.
Should be a fun night, battery at 32 :/
You Would Be VERY Surprised At What All I Know, But Even More Surprised At What You DON'T Know!
Do More Than Just Follow Me...
TALK TO ME.
heat, how long it takes my hair to grow out, my mood I'm so random with my hair at times
Special thanks to the Newport Mesa Unified School District for their gifts to our Christmas Store!!
What a huge blessing!
haha oh gotcha
You make a really good point.
My question is: what makes the personal opinion of a critic valid as a consumer report?
migraine and lots of stuff to do.
Can I hit it in the MORNING?
wiunion ..Problem is my brain repeated: I can't Stand Walker Oh NO!
I need to be less judgmental: This is What Democracy Looks Like?
testifies at 9:30 a.m.
in Columbus in support of Mayor Jackson's school plan.
Sweet!
Looks awesome!
RT Here's the big announcement RunLA ladies!
New race!!
wuuuutevaahh  you guys don't know what I'm scared of   no its not aliens.
xD
some guy at Starbucks is trying to make me join his cult by initiating zero eye contact and not talking to me.
it's working.
: I love you
Sometimes it hurts so much that you want to embed itself in the face of what such a fool ...
Getting closer  closer to making a life changing decision :/
Oh shit!
Just realized it's 1 month exactly till we raaagggeeee!!!!!
that's so bad:
Dont forget to eat your brain food.
Just order from me, thats all i cook
Loving some Ms.
Whitney tribute on
Trip to NOLA the last week of July!
Where should I eat?
Good afternoon tweets!
Rain is falling here.
it is better to have ...
whats the rest?
i forgot
The Rays game was a blast.
Nice ballpark, low key, great hitting  defense.
54 win.
that was us last week when radiohead was on sale 4 Verizon!
luckily we got in!
:
Thinking of getting a new laptop.
Refurb'd 15 macbook pro w/ hires screen.
Can you beat that in a 2k budget, in apple  laptop form?
UH football to play 7 home games
that's funny
I've said/written this three times today: We can see it when we are ready to see it.
Epilogue: It's there right now.
Bill Clinton's reallife aging looks like fake Back to the Future aging.
And I'm the gay one?!
I am with you.
When I hear peanut butter and banana I am sold.
: One Shining Moment was actually written at East Lansing's Varsity Inn.
Can't wait to see it Ronnie!
:0
You can be addicted to a certain kind of sadness..
This lean been n my freezer for like 2 months shrugs shoulders
The winner of the Gift Card is !
Congratulations!
any minute now.....
Which makes more sense,hair extensions or extension hair?
please everyone give us your feedback.
Thanks Mari Ari
Dont want to attract police attention during Mifflin?
Then make sure you dont overcrowd balconies and houses!
Today's NY Times crossword puzzle has put me off milk for a while.
I'll have to find something else to have my cereal wit.
Had to peel a Kony sticker off a carrel last night.
Defacing library furniture: the original social networking.
69 is the only dinner for 2
Emailed Groupon  NM Magazine, twice.
Haven't heard from NM Mag  it took 3 weeks for Groupon to get back to me.
I was super pumped to find Slam Dunkel last night!!
Thanks for the follow!
Tebow doesnt have crap on me, I'm about to be pulling down 12 million dollars a year.
Dont get the new Honda commercials.
They act like life ends  u cant do nething when u get married.
Life has just BEGUN with marriage!
England captainin John Terry to be prosecuted for racially aggravated public order offence...wow......
laworderUK
RT : doctornking an Alpha King by  you're welcome
Of course I will!!!!
3333
Fuck that Metta World Peace shit, I will always refer to that moron as Artest
According to Krugman logic, Detroit must be a boom town right now.
welcome, welcome, welcome!
: 
Yeahoo!
Now you can come home!
RT : BATTLEGROUND  Day 36 of 36 complete.
And that's a frickin' WRAP!!
Security here is so WHACK!
Go have a seat and do what you're good at ...
NOTHING!!!
I'll let you park in the front.
Just to stunt.
can ur biggest fan get a follow back
HAPPYBIRTHDAYALFREDO yu should make notice me ?
;D
lol no I am not in Mexico  what made you think that?
:
The numbers speak for themselves we are still in the midst of an HIV crisis but knowledge is pwr
If you would sign your NASCAR Plaza lease, they might return calls to us!
We want to move in, but nobody will answer us!
that's a great question!
cc:
Someone fly me to the sample sale please!!!
We are at the C.O.V.E Forum  McKinley Tech Amphitheater Room 2nd  T St., NE
Did you have words with that Bengal who pulled you down by your locs?
Discussing sick time abuse and steps to correct within div of fire
we can't help that we are so beautiful ;
Hoping for a little sunshine tomorrow.
Not just numbers, you wordmiracle worker
smarter than me
Just went past 50 twitter followers!
Thanks to everyone for the support!
I am now the mayor of my own office on FourSquare.
My rule will be firm but benevolent.
Ha Ha you're little boy's got a little poppin'  breakin' to the
I'm getting purple colored contacts!
checkitout!
I generally tweet on my phone too but it's nice to have a twitter option that I really like on the iPad.
My bench points 53 points now.
a bit sick
Thank you to all those who supported the launch of Boston: Inspirational Women from What a great holiday season!
Ha something I'll never forget..
And you'll never remember.
Come back soon!
RT : Norman 2.
Dylan 0.
my fav place to go and hang out, what happen in Vegas stays in Vegas..
Lol have fun.
French toast.
If you could travel anywhere tomorrow, where would you go?
I can see you.
I'll come over over lunch to meet you  Karyn, Marketing Director
From my DC source, not only did Mayor fly first class to Washington, but he chatted w/ actress Charlize Theron
Friday Friday friday gotta get down on Friday
!!!!!!!!!!!!
: If you leave early during a Heat game, eres tremendo come mierda.
Shout Out to Leslie Nease and all the ladies attending 2day's Ladies Conf  may Jesus be huge and hearts abundantly blessed!
I love Billy Idol and I love Kiss and I love BVB therefore I love the new EP even it isn't even out!
The great thing about making your first film is that every mistake becomes your style.
oh you saved my number I see??
Haha
All those fairytales are full of shit One more stupid love song I'll be sick
That look painful!!
i reaaallly wanna play some Borderlands if you can get a good enough connection
amazing is the only word I have for it really.
It blew me awayequal parts wonder and horrorbut what a tremendous story.
On twitter?
I haven't gotten it yet.
:/ can you try again?
Enjoy the Oscars and the fabulous clothes and don't forget about glimmertrain!
at kmart doctorssed all ghetto like with pink slippers.
WELL IM SORRY FOR YOU BUT THE CITY IS ONLY 15MINUTES AWAY FROM ME
When you have liven my life,you're welcome to judge.
Let me be clear!
I did not act upon my information!
Let them not bash me in their Bitbook!
Shot Out to she's cute AF and she FOLLOWS BACK so FOLLOW HER
RT : YES I said baby I'm due October 31 TRICK OR TREAT!// CONGRATS!!!, LOL
down to finish writing our EP / but we really want a chance to play with you again!!
We haven't seen that on our site...
But it sure looks hot!
Never mind I find someone like you I love you so much
he was the only guy hustling there.
Everyone else was asleep
Also, it's great to have a variety of tools; I've often recommended SCS to folks on Windows; heard many good things!
lmao.
U really are crazy Q......
Me too tho.
Lol
Worked on a project today that required 6 different colored highlighers.
Gotta love PR!
Joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift.
Albert Einstein
Got a new ifone....amazing!!!!
Ah.
Thanks, Andie!
please do..
If you need more info or pricelist dm me
started of the day by fighting with the bestfriend .....
great.
THANKS SO MUCH!
FOLLOWTHEBUGGY!!
: .
LOVE the logo!
Can't wait until you hit thestrEATS!
Daily Special, Mon 03/26/12  Country fried steak served with mashed potatoes  white pepper gravy, corn, and bread.
While it lasts!
6.09
New nickname given to Sproles by the munchkin: Happy Feet!
I totally love
Outofcontrolandannoying.
That's one word, right?
It's a great day to be alive.
Everyone Cheer up.
Thanks for the follow!
Hope to see you around on the OG website sometime!
Twitter was created to make you feel like you're the only person in the world without a podcast.
You know Kelly Clarkson's voice resonates with folks when security guard at your work building is singing Breakaway at 7.05 am itsFriday!
Seeing doctors and nurses smoking 
I.
Am.
There!
Gonna make an INXS and Oingo Boingo mix tape for this totally rad hottie who smokes cloves and looks like Adam Ant.
umediacenter Films from the Vaults today in UW's Odegaard.
No popcorn but lots of Eastman Ektachrome film.
Sesshu Toyo currently scrolling.
I know a guy in CA working for NASA.
Thanks Teresa: The blog is pretty new but I'm having fun with it.
Glad you stopped by to visit.
My buddy is close to the 50k mark for his Ass Back Home cover video!
Amazing stuff, give him a follow.
I'm sorry, do yo thang then ;
I hope is having a good time here in Detroit!
What do you do for your 75th anniversary?
We're celebrating by making our delicious doughnuts, like we always do!
The swiftness of time is infinite, as is still more evident when we look back on the past.
Seneca
JORDAN!
i have an important question
um, let's all sit here and wait until we can leave this teacher had a break down or something
Yesterday was another crazy day in the NFL.
Are the lions really 40?
Water Damage Repair And Cleanup Michigan  Metro Detroit  Grand Rapids MI  Sarasota Florida Flood Damage Repair Contractor 8888229500
hope everyone has a good safe day:
That's good.
We hope to see you soon!
a future as a private investigator?
those guys get paid a shit ton to do nothing.
now I do cuz I told u!
C:
April 16th is sentencing.
Please do!
Early morning hard at work everyday
Its going to be a little doctorzzy tomorrow expect a lil wayne!
Lol
hoe w/e..
It Brings back sad memories now.
:'
When did the GOP start caring about urban childoctorn?
Getting ready to get it at Danny's Lounge Its about to go down if you ain't here you missing out.
I was thinking of shit for us to do together once you get to Denver I was thinking first stop playersclub then
tiptoes around DWTS rumors on and talks BofA marathon girl's got a lot of good going on
Sitting at Demo's on a breezy night.
Good food and friends.
NSt.Mary's is hopping!
I love living in such a vibrant, eclectic area.
I am so happy it's sunny outside.
As usual, and are right on point!
So Nice Out 3
Rearranged all of my apps/folders on my iPhone and now it takes me a year to find everything.
Come join me at Master Buffet tomorrow for THRIVE Lunch 11:30am!
Nothing like going to on a restaurant adventure and networking!!!!
thanks dude, that means a lot
In the words of the Poet Laureate Ice Cube: Today was a good day.
Well said.
: : Why can't people just get along,why so much hate,if you don't like someone don't follow them!I'm not a hater.
Asthma rates at highest level ever, CDC says
Ya he is lol
You're Welcome!
: Maybe we can work together one day.
I may need a photographer for a couple of promlike events I'm doing ;
yes, but none more than the thunderous girl severs
RT Sometimes I wish god could just come down and tel me some of the tings I need to know, cause I hate being confused!
LMAO LUV IT!
RT : LOL!
Feel free to make PR announcements about bathing at your con, I usually do XD
haha it's okay  yea dude omg lol it's been forever since that day
Gettin some sleep..
Headin to Pittsburgh in the morning.
Need to bring the Brewers good luck.
Also lookin forward to trying primantibros!
Just met Lori Fogarty from !
Hooray for connections to outreach to our East Bay BAEMPs!
And hormones swoop in to ruin my evening.
Fantastic.
You're welcome, great post!
So are my kids!!
RT : Excited Favorite Male Singer Kids Choice Awards 2012 Is Justin Bieber
maybe its good i skipped out in preparation for the shit show this week
i listen to chasing the sun on repeat in the gym and everyone looks at me crazy as i sing OH OH OH OH OH OH...
LOL
That's right Jackson, don't let me or catch you dissing the gentleman's game.
I'll believe it when I see some digital MSS...
there have been so many announcements over the past few years!
Acting on one of my 2012 resolutions already.
Booyah!
just voted for you 25 times for the allstar game!
keep walking!
check out Cage and Lachenmann for more harpsichord fun
turn those clocks forward tomorrow night!
Yay for more daylight!
Thanks for checking it out bro!
Glad your enjoying it.
RT : CD is hot bro!!!!!
Yawn, just got up...
Sleepy but I have to go to school
Virgin Festival moving to Merriweather...not sure how I feel about that.
I like the price.
Full story at www.baltimorebusinessjournal.com
i wish i was a turtle ...
turtles don't give a fck about anything ...
they're just like  hey man ...
i'm a turtle ...
what's going on??
Omg followed me!
I am so excited I absolutely admire her n I am so glad she followed me!
Thank Ariel!
:
just saw your video and I'm loving all of your nailpolishes!
Def hitting up Rite Aid once they come out!!
:
SignsAPersonCantCook lol put the pot in the right front but turn the heat on the left rear.smh.Lol
Damn near need a nap
Converted from the B2b to Galaxy S 2!
Large screen and AMAZINGLY thin and light!
Ohh what did you realize??
celtics lose yeah buddy :
At my community association Frankford Improvement Association's monthly meeting.
Maybe it was aural...
either way, awful.
Happy Hump Day!!!
Ha thanks for the endorsement Hyedi!
...
So, their devs can't find a way to add hotkeys to gatekeeper?..
raw10 Rem they wanted 2 impeach Pres.
Clinton 4 lying 2 the Grand Jury?
Bush lied about weapons, we n a war 4 what, he should b doing time!
My first time experiencing the start of a new semester here at UNC Charlotte.
LOTS of students in the library.
I'm impressed!
Would really love to play hookie today bout oh well...
OH....do share the recipe!!
My boo called me super size .
That's okaii cuz I call her super duper size
Good morning everyone!!
Art, as far as it is able, follows nature, as a pupil imitates his master.
Thus your art must be, as it were, God's grandchild.
Dante
I hatched homie.
Boo!
Thx for the tip.
You're the best for design resources!
Still need to return your prepress book.
Likely'll be in HTX in Sept.
About to watch Derby Baby Crazy crowd here.
Worried worse than that.
Last group of practicum teachers didn't know Google Docs, Diigobasic tools, let alone online/blended.
good to see you tonight.
Congrats again and I can't wait for your detailed and diligent reporting.
That seems a better use of Foucault than Foucault knew.
Sitting two tables over from Kevin Love!
this whole job hunting interviewing negotiating business is giving me the shakes.
Lakers are gonna win by 5 tonight
Galaxy Macau Phase 2  A New Chapter Begins
Patternmaking...
Again.
I think I need a doctornk.
Hi guys
I quote that line way too much.
So applicable to my life.
Good Morning.
Back to the grind.
Had an early shoot yesterday and delivering the finished product today.
No one but u baby can make me feel the way u make me feel!
Great quote!
At least you livin in USA
You talkin bout him, her, them, what they said.
Fuck what you talkin bout.
I'm tryna buy a porsche and mansion bitch.
Lets get paid bitch
blast!
Will let y'all know if we are going downtown on Friday.
However rain check necessary : take lots of pics!
Wear big hat!
Chemistry is pointless.
Not old, experienced.
;
Thanx for the add.
hopefully we can work together in the near future..
Stay in touch.Peace  blessings
The No Easy Way Out scene in Rocky 4 is one of the greatest scenes ever.
I just sat here and thought about that for way too long.
O.O
Going back to my former high school today for some meetings...
I hear it's a war zone in there.
I gotta taste 4 sum Doritos tacos from Taco Bell.!
Bangin!
How did it take me this long to discover Barbara Pym?
I want to read everything she ever wrote.
Thanks for the follow.
Interesting website.
I look forward to reading your stuff.
Hump day  yay
happy birthday!
So who wants 2 play WWYD MB3 edition??
tweet me!
SOEXCITED RT : One more day!
will be on TheVoice performing Payphone from their new album feat.
Whoa!
Had a bit of a rush there.
Nice day for a breakfast sandwich!
Trying to hold out for the nurse on duty
Ive been gone for awhile and when I come back on no one misses me...
Im offended.
jk
If you want to be an ass, be an ass but leave me out of it!
MINE PLEASE
Thanks for the RT, we look forward to seeing you for the 2010 Fiesta!
Be truthful, gentle  fearless.
Working on something for the past two hours, computer asks if I want to save, I accidentally clicked no.
I'm done for the day.
Exam 1  2 passed with a B  not so happy about it .
Oh and MIB 3 of course!
Big Apple Bagel, hair appointment and getting my little ready for prom :
hang on!
Lots of cleaning and straightening up
no.
Never delete.
hmm Try just going in to ur settings...
And notifications should be in there somewhere...
What I needed
oh memories of awkward moments :
Alrightie homie I'm still a big fan and I know you're gonna turn it out in Mia!
...Go Dolphins!!!
Going to see Los Lonely Boys tonight.
Whatcha think about my new icon?
;
When are you going to ask me to come along for some brews?
yeea she'll be home soon
I AM a doctor
mine too
With wine  hope anything is possible.
I'm going to stage a protest every day in your mentions and in front of you crib.
lol
shut it, you
especially if the teacher read it aloud!
Glad I got that out.
Goodnight 
The longer you WAIT, the weaker your WILL!
I had no idea that browsers with html5 support could accept input from a phone's accelerometer.
makes sense, though.
FUN follow me please
No Doubt!
Has anyone used IBM lotus connections at work?
Please dm me if you have comments on implementation or usability/content rules.
Philadelphia Eagles Have Several Options on Second Day of 2012 NFL doctorft: A Fan39;s Look
sure!
thanks :
sad face.
Not happy.
I'm free whenever!!!!
: don't work till JUNE 1st
happy easter everyone, hope everyone had a good time
Your voice is the sound of your personality, because we do not find who we are, but we create who we are.
your super pretty girl!!':
I would bring it for sure.
If the weather is summery you're good.
Five tweets to go.
Love when my mom wakes me up Idc if it's 12:30
awh im blushing:
ruhr'oh!
I should add painful hemorhoidal itch and the heartbreak of psoriasis to that list.
I like using big words to sound smart....
i mean....
utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence ;D
be careful who your friends are cause they can turn into enemies in a heartbeat
Thank you!!
Can't wait to see you soon!
Help us get the band get scared to follow us!
They are at the top of out following list!
..
I dont have one
On Friday my beard turns 6 months old  frankly I'm really excited to shear it off.
Its been a very interesting experiment!
What Means The World To You?
My Lord and my beloved family..
:
Rangers rangers rangers base freggin ball starts tomorrow.
I would but was doctornking till 6am again, Haha...
Gotta rest up for the Celtics game, I'll come visit soon...
Our trip to Brooklyn was culminated by seeing one entire building that had no graffiti on it.
Happy 1st birthday Dylan.
I love you 
Looking forward to the Filmores Project  Silver Springs MD
Good morning !
If my mom saw all your tweets,she probably would no longer like you.....lol
But not because of Pierce Brosnan.
Now, the chair has a fresh start and a new bidding deadline  so, if you thought you missed your chance
back in the game from LA to Italy!working it!
Does doctorple not offer the kinds of content management functionality of libguides?
Why would a site need both?
Shout Out To Preciate The Support  BAM!!!
ThingsMyMotherSays Im gonna bust you
That would be so awesome!
You can give us a professorssionals opinion of the show :
hey can i ask you for some advice for a band just starting out??
I love your song young folks btw :
Putting together fw pairing auction lot w/Evan Goldstein of Full Circle 4 a fundoctoriser.
Would be honored to talk w/u.
Clips or thunder?
FF from beautiful Key West
Thinking I'm gonna wait until we know exactly how/why it happened before putting a pen to paper.
Spilled mouthwash all over my pants.
That counts as laundoctor, right?
that is nuts!
Unless the NBA has a sudden surge of support across the pond.
you're still teaching me how to fish right??
Backatcha!
Not sure if I'm getting out tonight, but I'll be back in april if not!
RT : Before stage 3 start we'll remember Wouter Weylandt, who tragically passed away last year.
WW108, champions never die
keeps trying to avoid me so he won't have to pay the 20 he owes me.
pay up loser
great to have you here at Marquee with us tonight.
Thank god i have no school tomorrow..
Next time I'm in LA and not stuck in LAX for 4 hours, I'm down to make that happen.
Froggy Jet about to fly for a chance to win FroggyFlyaway to
Yoooo!!
We gotta do BG1  BG2 TShirts..
Priceless
A babysitter is a teenager who gets two dollars an hour to eat five dollars' worth of your food.
Henny Youngman
Berkeley Person.
It's been foggy in Oakland all week.
Not with u all up in ur coach's face.
if u get fired they can easily replace u.
Who u r doesn't matter if ur not respectful.
Good evening!
Shannon from KY!
STAR astrology CAP ASC connected by rulership to 2nd/AQU; Saturn's placement by sign, then by  aspects from Jupiter/Venus,  by house.
sorry to hear.
Only a few more hours before the deadline.
Hang in there...
Thanks to BarackObama for supporting SameSexMarriagewe are human beings and deserve the right to marry and love!
I didn't know Uncle Sam was black!
Where's my money!!!!
Lol Wsup G!!!
Good actors are so captainvating!
I know , mayb next year
you have NO CHOICE but to give them they props cause we GOT OFF IN DAT AS YO.
TeamOKC !!!
Thanks for the shoutout on this morning's blog  very excited for Nashville Best Cellars tonight with !
when r u gonna post up the parts to ur story?:
nothing like listening to Hector Lavoe in the morning...Vamos bailar la Murga...la Murga de Panama
Should we be concerned about noise?
We don't have any idea what to consider here.
We will have a rental.
What the hay!!!!Just discovered that I got a half brother and half sister somewhere either in Colorado or in Cali, that's bonkers.
Just got back from the hospital.
NOT FUN AT ALL.
I still feel like crap..
and RT and make me feel better :P
Wisconsin state Capitol Police Chief Charles Tubbs resigns to take a job as Dane County's new emergency management director
one of the most slept on producers in chicago
RIP Donna Summer.
God must have needed a Last Dance.
ASO and present Côte d'Ivoire: Confronting Stability, Ensuring Peace Discussion this Thursday, April 7 at 5pm!
Don't doctornk the Kool Aid  educate and think for yourself
Hurry up buddy RT : It's official...
I'm joining the Obama2012 digital team in Chicago.
Fired up, and ready to WIN!
W/ the new App Stats for Andoctorid Developers, I'm thinking the play book is to build for Andoctorid 1st  then plow the learnings into iOS.
Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders, everyone's leaning on me.
you look gawwwgeous in the pictures for the noh8 campaign.
will they be in magazines?...i hope so.
Go Hens!
RT : Eric Patterson deep fly brings home Jerad Head and a Ryan Strieby single brings home two more; 60 Hens in the 4th
.
and I went and saw The Artist finally.
It was great.
I didnt have time to watch the fight, but thanks I was able to get hit by hit info lol!!!!
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
President of Macalester College speaking at morning panel on funding decisions to higher ed
never think of the future.
It comes soon enough.
meps was meps!
Just a lot of paperwork, you take a urinalysis, have a lot of checks, the hotel is nice tho!
I love that I met Mira Bartok on Twitter and Franzen calls it unspeakably irritating.
you too!!
I'll be in touch re the St Paul cards.
Let me know about your show schedule too
And I know one day you'll see nobody has it easy
Thanks for sharing!
What this world needs is a new kind of army  the army of the kind.
Ilovemyboyfriend cause he sits and watches me shave my legs then feels the before and after.
XD
Worked in sports  now out of the industry, agree with Cuban.
Of course w/ distinction of working for a franchise vs.
agency.
haha sorry, I was in a hurry
and proud of it!
Though, also means we can use secret Canadian speak w/ out foreigners having any clue what we're talking about.
:
OK try not to be boring.
Sit on Matt's lap and give him a kiss.
oh that's been done
...
because u r using I AM too much.
Love u brother.
No more tweets during FHE.
grab someone sexy and tell 'em Hey wheres ?
;
can have his opinion.
quit being jealous of him he's just like all of us.
you bringin him down represents who you really are
talking about innovation alliance with Newt Fowler  Jason Pappas.
THRILLED about a new opportunity with a travel publication!
Navy chief accepts sub from Electric Boat
I see you gurl ; RT : ; RT Make sure you wear something tight,
Gruden's QB camp is great.
If Ohio Wesleyan made the field than Wittenberg has to get a nod.
Can New Hampshire be friends with Vermont now??
sorry that happened Kate!
Todays challenge is to test your life against the word of God and to keep this as a way of life.
Kenny Russell
How cutewe'll never deny your Super Fanness!
We love hosting reunions, bridal showers, team outings, amongst other events.
Call us at 619.255.2856 with the details!
wine happy hour
Love is all you need.
Happy Valentine's Day from Everyone at Lexis Florist!
Very out of context quote by C.
James So I need to tell that to all the girls I slept with who had an abortion?
itchy nose 
great day for the 24!!!
RT : A Happy Birthday tweet for !!
damn fucking perverts!
Can I run in peace without having to think why you have passed me 4 times in ur truck?!
Creeper!
Rapist!
What?!
Austin followed me?!
WHEN?!
OMG.
I really dnt wanna go to prom anymore!!
I am concerned 5.4 million budget cut to DYRS is going to mean more dangerous offenders will be allowed to roam the streets.
I was totally into Barbie, I still have mine...but I don't let my boys play with them because I'm a jerk
Thanks for listing those!
My eyes were crossing from combing through that schedule.
sweet doctorams.
:
thank you so much for giving a yes or else 1D would have never been formed and I wouldn't have an inspiration.
I'm amazed when ppl call me a sinner.What took em' so long 2 figure that out?We've ALL sinned  come short of God's glory!
Thankful4theBLOOD
Last day of 2011!
Still so much great stuff to see: THE SELLING; RED LIGHT REVOLUTION and CLOWN!
Don't miss any of it!
Can't have laptops in the Methods in Lang Arts course I'm taking at UNO.
We definitely cannot be trusted with them!
goodnight moon.
thankgod brewers thanks for hanging fellas!
RT : Putting together final details for our Local Arts Classroom session, Stewardship and Resource Development!
Had an early out today, plus I had to evacuate school because of burnt toast.
XD epicfail The toast didn't make it but everyone else did.
RT : Hey, folks, let's get RyanKennedy trending.
9yearold with brain cancer, in hospice; something he wished for.
Threw that one away.
Losing is one thing.
Tossing a 30 lead you got in the first period is another.
Smiling everytime someone mentions something that relates to Vinny.
Twisted Silence play with mah dollz and ;
RT : Crig Counsell says thought has crossed his mind in last 24 hrs but, I have no plans to play.
One City, One Coffee, Boulder Coffee Check out the website for store locations and also the finest in local / live entertainment.
Good meeting you, Alex!
Also on tonight's Chulavista city council agenda: a report on the boards, commissions and committees that report to the council.
!
The curtains are beautiful!
Thank you so much!!
I've been trying to figure that our for weeks.
Let me know if you discover it's actually possible!
the cats and my roommate and her boyfriend, who is my new 5th roomate, have an agenda and I'm not paranoid.
: lol that's what I'm playing now LunchtimeLabor lol Haha!
Yep!
Great song
I heard a rumor that Spring is coming!
When?????
So many people tweeting about the midnight showing of Avengers.
Makes me the most sad.
Happy Birthday !!!
Watching on last night's Rachel Sir, you do New Jersey proud...
unlike Chris Christie.
Thanks!
It was fun working with highend CG peeps on this
Leaders can accomplish little without understanding and engaging the qualities of the heart.
Daniel Goleman
Sitting in the sunshine, sipping coffee with my girls...
Seeing you live in NYC you're food choices are so outrageously embarrassing.
Dominos cheesey bread?
yes im home and im bored!
As I sit in the office working on process flows, I had a great idea for a tshirt: I do it from my phone ...
Already done??
I thought you'd want to watch the dbacks play today.
Oh...
Wait...
and gunna rip it up tonight vs.
Boston!
Grand Opening This Saturday!
1pm to 5pm!
Refreshments will be served  come and check out our new store!
803 S 5th St  Milwaukee
We hope everyone is having a good year thus far!
Its never too late to be what you might have been.
George Eliot
3 Premium doctornks at tonight??
The GOOD STUFF PEOPLE!
4409 Dowling at Wheeler
Language is only the instrument of science, and words are but the signs of ideas.
: a lit mag cannot be extremely disinterested in social issues If a novel seems without social issues it's just really white
Haters are gonna hate, but Mahomies are gonna love 3
Just left strake after taking the placement test.
Let's pray for good results!
baby we can fuck all night kind of a perk of me not working or going to school huh?
um no I'm not fucking you now loser....
Having the day from heck!!!
I am waay behind on my thank yous...thanks to all my new TWEEPS and I am following you too...
I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching...my car into reverse and doctorving away from the accident.
I want to go bowling!
Yay Howie is FINALLY getting a bath :
you guys sponsored the gourmet footwear event at Abott Kinney, right?
aw !!
shanetta had her baby :D
voted for keep it going tip toe!
three hours of sleep?
At apollo amateur night bout to boo somebody ...
To 101 and infinity
RT  If the Jacksonville jaguars are known as the jags and the tampa buccaneers are the bucs what are the Tennessee titans?
I'm not so much a Gunners fan as I am a ManU hater.
I'm fighting the sleep like a little baby.
Turning the phone off and lighting a candle.
the think BIG is key.
I have been on TV, radio, newspapers, magazines, and national news.
But not big enough yet.
Wanna guess?
Barely packing 
No one sat next to me on the bus today :D
yea i do
English muffins werent invented in England nor French
Listen every hour from 8am8pm to win Lady A Tickets!
The supremely awesome gave me a cup!
Thanks for the pick big guy.
That's an honor coming from you!
I keep getting a message that says i have a blog that says something bad about me.
We i go to open it i cant.
Dont worry.
I wish I was like my cousin,
hold on I am right now.
On the way to Guitar Center.
I love that place
Dear , please come back to Milwaukee to play
Gotta tell ya, this cat McBride is doing everything,  then some.
As Alias would say, Dude, gimmie a gig!
I thought we were already following each other!
Well, glad we are now!
Good stuff today!
maybe if i was better.
91 of all US citizens have their mobile device within reach 24/7
this could be the biggest revenge Japan had in USA since Automobile industry landscape shift
idk I think she would have told you.
o shit they talkin bout its getting relocated..and we already over here..damn
when survivor is over we wait for big brother to watch classics such as brenchel omg is this really what I do slap self
Lord Grant Me The Serenity To Accept The Things I Cannot Change  The Courage To Change The Things I Can
So with DLC, can we expect characters, songs, tricks, tracks?
What exactly?
could i get a follow for my birthday?33
Today I shall behave, as if this is the day I will be remembered.
doctor Seuss
Happy birthday!
.
Help return Virginia to a VAGOP majority in the State Senate.
We can do it with your vote this
You're the only person I know who says Right On!..
In all seriousness.
Hahaha
MENA airlines praise Beirut's open skies policy  The Daily Star
I have that same one today, not much of a recovery but still got to love it right?
Reading FALLING LEAVES: THE TRUE STORY OF AN UNWANTED CHINESE DAUGHTER for book group  finding it a mixed bag.
You bet  pretty honored to hear that.
I'll send them in a message...and thanks for the shoutouts on here  haven't been on...
RT Restore the tax rates preReagan to solve the fiscal mess.
Oh my
I wanna make you feel wanted 
Hahaha dam I though it was goin be on yu
ok somebody talk :/
Ive burnt my ear on my straightner every day this week:
bill evans said he didn't know a tune until he had played it one hundoctord times
RIP Junior Seau
is off to story hour at her library.
I just presented two storytimes at mine.
lol what is tribal garb
ah.
ok.
but just a little.

THANK YOU!
We love you, too!
Priceline rocks.
Great hotel near Disneyland for just 60 a night!
Today's GoogleDoodle is a tribute to Louis Daguerre who invented daguerreotype, the first commercially successful form of
I Want God!
I Want Kingdom Living!
I Want Purpose!
What Else Is There?
What About You?
Yuuupp.
Felt good tonight...3 more gigs this weekend including another one with Naughty on Sunday night after Bacchus at The Maison.
2am hit
CEO Sascha Lewis realized in 2008 that they needed to innovate or DIE.
Simplify the biz and focus on mission/vision of biz.
follow Ryan Totka.
He was the guy behind the Stay Dwight campaign.
I thought he was a legit Magic fan.
Looks like he's just
Never mind get through today and tomorrow will be another day
That's my hoe
This summer is so silly
it's a long shot but i say why not .
I have sex a lot with you in my head.
Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces
you right cus I don't want hoes I want a
yes....right this moment!
FF Tx for lists, features, mentions, RTs
it was rowddy doe, but fuuck too tired
When you gently throw your phone onto your bed and it decides to bounce off 3 walls, knock over a lamp, and kill a cat.
with great to see you following on twitter.
It's not all about how you start but about how you end
Another day, another 3 Java updates for OSX Lion.
Newest one includes a cleaner for Flashback
Dosha Salon Spa would love to host Grimm on a episode for a grimm story Repunzel!
yea we'll see about that
17Your gorgeous!!!
Ill ship yuu with Austin Mahone or Zayn!!
Cal would have fixed that quickly
Looking forward to Thursday's highered event featuring Lawrence Bacow discussing the financial crisis  HE!
Woes Hit Greek Basketball Economy  NetScouts Basketball netscoutsbasketball.com
I remember when came to our tinychat and he showed us his cat........
Upside down.
This stuff is RAMPANT these days M/T Shock after female teacher in Hemet accused of having sex with boy
Feeling the physiological response of shame or guilt is a good indicator that something needs changing in your life.
Thanks for the RTs :
Innerneh seems to say he is Dennis doctornkwater, a fixture.
My advice to the Governor: You can't go wrong ordering the Vanilla Coke during Happy Hour.
At the end of the day, review your schedule and determine when you will spend time on your writing.
Pencil that time in and respect it.
Enjoying the cooler temperatures of the evening, and looking forward to fall!
I need to get myself motivated to stick to the P90X schedule....
OMG PERUVIAN MOMS  ANYOTHER MOMS
GHS at Acad Super Bowl so far FA team 3rd, Soc St 3rd, Math 2nd in class 3.
Scores likely not good enough to adv to state.
Eng team on now.
this news better be you won the lottery or something on that caliber or I'll be disappointed
ha well i hope lil bobby has accepted her name
I'm glad i'm getting my money this year because i got major moves to make.
Martin says, Bless his heart.
According to the closed captainoning screen at pla12, RFK is against sawed deArabian oil.
S/0 to all my new followers I just followed yall back
RT : Just to confirm, FOX SIX will carry the packers White House visit  LIVE, this afternoon.
Scheduled for 1:30 Central time.
Reading Best American Poetry 2011 for class while the cafe blasts soft jazz is a rough start to the day.
It is difficult to carry a bulky pkg of matzos home on the bicycle without panniers or a rack.
I need a rack...
Oh, and hope to meet your little bro when he gets to campus.
Tell him to take some psych classes :
Happy birthday me!
ok, thanks
I want to meet him so badly!!
I see you : lol
you need to watch that.
I'm starting book 2 probably in the morrow.
: 6 dayss  i will be out of west virginia....
: !
kingsisland
Come down for great white and the captainin at 10 tonight!
Happy hour is 1012, dancing time is 10close!
I dig the flexibility and ease of creating plugins for gnome shell but I need something that just works now.
Maybe later.
I may have to start following the characters via twitter.
Chicago REALLY deserves this.
This was the first state they perfomed in, in the US, we need this!
Also featured at Target First Saturday: talks by and the creative team behind
except for the pants
great talking to you!
Good morning!
Continuing my writingsurvey: How early do yo start your creative process?
Plz RT!
i dont think my babe is going to school, uh another day of not seeing him....
:
I NEED SOME FOLLOWERS!!!
Shout out looks good ;
good to hear from ya...keep fighting the good fight!
I hate that this has been the best weekend of my life and now it's over...
all that's left is Graduation.
I'm so dead tired
Even if youre on the right track, youll get run over if you just sit there.
...Oh and Happy SuperTuesday!
hey man, just got the masters in, sending you an email!
YOLO
: Mullin on Saturday's Peace Walk: The walk was very inspiring and well attended.
ssfcouncil
RT : Dunbar's number says humans can only maintain 150 relationships.
Avg number of Facebook followers is 130.
please follow me : ?
Trend and RT if you agree!
another gem  I'm such a bitch, My New Year's resolution was to be bitchier
So sleepy but can't sleep!
RT : BREAKING: Apple says Steve Jobs has died.
that should say FireWire not few
Fuck you t NO IT'S NOT!
lmao.
I seriously don't get it though, and text back!
.
Although it does illustrate in principle that most people will give up privacy for a personalized experience
Do we want crew necks, t shirt or tanks?
I can't even imagine what that would be like
It's usually a good idea not to let ur flow get interrupted.
But sometimes the universe has other plans for ur creativity.
Be open to them.
Voting SuperTuesday Tennessee Polls close in :28 minutes.
GIVE ME YOUR HOMEWORK and I will go
I hate it when some plays with your heart.
They play it all sweet and then they knock you to the ground.
Wishing for that to change for me.
Thanks  for the PPC Aruba support!
LOL once again!!!
Every time I hear this phrase I think of a song by Gackt called Last Song.
Just had a great breakfast at my favorite spot!
Now on my way to forever 21 with my love : 'citing!!!
And maybe a movie!!
Who knows?
The people you don't wanna talk to text back the fastest.
Tradition handing down of beliefs, customs, info., a continuing pattern.
I did not realize it was raining...
ohh you tell me that you love me then you go and leave me why you do this to me ?
baby im LOVESICK !
With at HoustonBush Airport.
Headed to
Thank u John!!
did u do the minecraft code giveaway
I need new people to text.
Marissas house!!
Leaving soon bc I am a but.
Hello, weekend!
The mothers of brave men must themselves be brave.
Mary Ball Washington
I've never slept with a girl, but I've fucked the fucking shit out of a few.
All that we see or seem is but a doctoram within a doctoram.
Edgar Allan Poe
Alli and Jake, or Alli and Josh?
FUCKING LOVE, LOVE, LOVE FU Betta!
Amazing video, great hook, sick beat.
Hey you!
whats going on?
Robot penises
me and dante were talking about you today ;
First time out of the house since i got sick...
And running to block buster;
Just touched down in Atlanta whats poppin!
Thx.
Waiting to hear back from my web guy.
He usually fixes this before I ever notice...
: 
You can't keep pleasing everyone.
wifi network is covered in blood
RT...
lets see i just came into the house and everyone run out the back door,i go back outside and they locked me out
In 1988, I wrote a song called I Can't Sleep.
I'd be very happy to not be living it out right now....
Oh no!!!
Thanks for guessing and I hope she gets better soon!!
together, we can.
Happy October 1st!!!
U going around talkin bout u gon fuck me up nigga I'll blow ya fuckin brains out nd put u In a body bagg
Hi there, we would like to give away a 100 Gift Card to The Legends as a promotion for www.gokc.com.
LMK what we can do.
and the MVP of the game was LaMichealJames.
As if there was any quesiton who would get it.
I'll bet it's really hard for anyone with the last name of Zimmerman to get restaurant reservations!
No shirt, no shoes, No Zimmerman.
lol yay we bout to see tonight
For the next 2 hours swing by Rialto Cafe and get the deal shown here: 50 off Bottles of Wine
Playing Jazz tonight at Cava Wine Bar Capitola Ca 7:30 pm  11:30 pm..
Classics and Latin  Matt Riley on Electric Jazz Bass
haha its so late now
thanks for the follow and support of
I'm done.
Too much Twitter.
Too much.
that's on my birthday!
But really, shouldn't there be 250.000 pets for it to be a million paws?
why you love me really so so much im just kidding u know i feel the same she gigglez when she kiss me like..
Merry Christmas Quade.
Ours hasn't arrived yet.
Is that video really designed to sell product?
Pleased to see NACO as a Partner organization with charactersunite.
A great program raising much needed awareness on social injustice.
All praise the transit gods, fares be unto them.
Going to the moves with my friend Friday to see the Avengers : so excited
Not disappointed.
Following U and because I love U, respect U and the work U do.
Solomon
are u mad at me since i made that apple comment :p need a mac for iphone development now!
Can't wait for Tuesday going to the set to tour it with and lunch with him my momma Darlene  
bring it over and we will throw it in the fire pit
You guys are killer!
Keep it up!!
What planet do parents come from anyway?

LOL!
Amazing how some still say that..
Steve was 6 weeks ago!!??
Oh and yes, Go Futurama!
All day suckas!
Thanks for replying!
No worries though you looked quite busy.
;  Check out MademoizellMusic.com so you can play it next time!
S/O to the new follower!!!!
Josh Johnson is getting blooped to death.
Cards haven't hit much hard.
Many thanks, Geoff
My parents live to piss me off.
Of course the Munich airport has a sex shop in it.
will be down for St.
Patrick's Day weekend hope I get to see you guys!!!
you'll have early morning classes in college too.
Y'know
: AugustWilson is the only Afr American to have a Broadway Theater named after him.
You will learn SO MUCH in the Lobby!
Come!
Thanks for the follow, guys!
thanks for the local support bro!
thanks for the retweet!
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts Russell
RT : I'm worried I'm getting too buff...
good problem to have
what's up with facebook's security certificate?
https gets flagged.
You know when your infant has taken over when you have to move out your books from your home office to your work office in order to make 
,Hi Eddy I would like to know how to join with my food concession KONEZEE the Westchase Charitable Food thanks Lorraine at KONEZEE
this I'd supposed to be relaxing, not had this much stress since the top 40 as a kid on Sunday nights
you took me out your bio first kid so why would I keep you in mine.
I knew that piece was an overstep when I read it yesterday  A HUGE blunder by the NYT.
Going into a different directing phase w/my cast.
Lets see what happens,im sure it will be very productive
Does anyone think Samuel L.
would really last more than 20 seconds talking to Siri without doctorpping at least one MutherFucker?
Happy Arbor Day!
Plant a tree!
Ravens?
That's a really cool spotting!
Remember, networking isn't hanging out with the famous and powerful.
Networking is meeting your peers.
Someone go to this damn meeting for me.
Fashion  Following All
Having some fun tonight...
Bill Shaffer from will ride his motorcycle INSIDE the Fox 9 studios for the news  9...
can't wait!
Ain't even close wit half the nigga's I use to be cool wit, people change.
fuck It.
Just punched out, but yet it's time to punch back in!
fuck it, just about done.
Starting SDMayorNP closing remarks.
Always good to hear candidates' ideas  love attention to this industry.
Looking forward to recap!
then evryone can be happy.
Sorry maybe next series:
Hahah Omg I remember x
holy hell.
I don't think it's on VC or e shop or anything so I'm screwed.
Emulator, I guess
If you're into Flex development, check out my professorle for new Flex related content
good lord my brother
Follow Me
French fry
The 5 love Languages: 1.
Physical touch 2.
Acts of Service 3.
Gift Giver 4.
Words of Affirmation 5.
Quality Time
right i mean of course.
although i wouldnt consider myself a girly girl and i like pinterest.
Thank u every one for wishing me a happy birthday much love to u all
seriously.
they'll be the 1st ones claiming him once it snaps tho.
they didn't tell me any specific deadline so I assume it's not to late
as for Walker attacking Milwaukee.
Criticizing record of Mke while Walker was county exec.
So is he attacking his own record?
Love is an art, but not everyone is an artist.
has he checked out score.org?
great resource for that...they also offer free consulting
I will never understand why people post unflattering pictures of themselves on Facebook
Got u : RT : follow back please
Would like to travel back in time to the first tear of our species, shed by a monkey who was totally making a big deal out of nothing.
: I'm about to go make a peanut butter sandwich or sumnmake me one.
Aw no.
Fell better soon.
Were I there I'd bring you some matzohball shoup from Zabar's.

OnlineBusiness Tip: Create a tagline or slogan that is catchy and describes your business.
My job is to keep people from wandering into the catering area.
I'm like a smiling wall.
dcweek closing party
Who's this Amanda Knox character?
I'm gonna listen to one song and one song only the whole way to Chicago
For the next 2 hours swing by Stir Cooking School and get the deal shown here: Buy 1 Get 1 FREE
Morning, twitfam!
Productive week ahead!
please RT for the HS girls in Philly!
We will be holding our annual prom fair March 10, 17  24 in philly!
BRAND NEW Gowns 10!
Nah, it's Peyton Manning, not Kyle Orton.
Everyone gets that he's at the top of the food chain.
If he can't play, fans won't be the problem.
i miss my daughter!
I would do anything to be able to be in GUAM with her right now!
What do the internships entail?
And how do I apply?
One hand washes the other , both hands wash the face No man is and island Meaning we need each other in life and we were designed that way.
A bipolar caterpillar?
Not someone you wanna date.
HAPPY NEW YEARS!!!!!!
Hopefully 2012 will be better than 2011.
Pity i have a final tomorrow scheduled by my school specifically to ruin it
Open for itself new houses into new houses into the new houses and new houses for sale in AOL Of real Of estate :
How is it that all of my SMTP servers are not responding?
Could it have anything to do with adding an Exchange account yesterday?
Did the ground hog see his shado anyone?
Thank you Cara....You're WONDERFUL!
BTW...I love your site  am tweeting about it  directing everyone there.
Amazing!
happy tuesday hope you all had a good 4th of july!
Were going to be featured on for BROTHERLY BREAKDOWN FEST!
Make sure to like them and follow em on twitter!
Were you able to list your items from your laptop?
Let us know if there is any way we can help!
Hey Milwaukee!
Time for brunch!
theres just somethin' bout whn your eyes full of emptiness, meet mine that tells me youre not happy with her,  you deserve so much more.
3
hey you
Vedge with Minty Anthill!!
Beyond excited!!
LMAO yeah I meant Oh damn it Brooks Conrad is starting!
The Incredible Chulk!!
What, too soon?
Hope and pray that Sporting KC can return to their winning ways!
lol.
I miss Schalke already!!
Thanks, bud!
Hopefully, it has them thinking:
Hanging with a old friend tomorrow super excited, we were best friends, inseparable, and I really hope we gain that friendship again.
3
The Echo will b giving away a pair of Brewers tix every Wed starting Apr 4!
RT this for a chance to win tix to the Apr 8 game vs the Cards!
Flattery will get you EVERYWHERE!
Pretty awesome fan video for , by a class of fourth graders from Busan.
I'm impressed.
Oh my, Adam Lambert's music is absolutely captainvating, and his voice is so beautiful that it makes you want to cry.33
Six Flags Was AWESOME Yesterday: Faced My Fears !
:D
Forget politics, ALL childoctorn should have health coverage
Was it the kind of kale salad that requires rubbing each leaf individually?
Possibly 20,000.
MT too often we have been lied to the world is paying YE
: hey what's good nothing much bout to hop in the shower  get ready for work  you!!better this morn!
Just woke up
Thank you sharing and the mention!
Stupid asthma:/ i hate doctor!
Excellent!
climate control inside of trailer sitting in 100 degrees, sun, and smoke  unsuccessful
BTU inspiration: Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw
U find any fun places
Wish I had missed Mayweather's last fight I stead of this one.
It sounds like it was hella entertaining.
It's funny how people say halston is a unique name HAHAHA it's a freaking dogs name !!!
Lol
in Digital Strategy sesh
City employees appear to have forgotten that citizens are in effect their customers.
How are you going to change this culture?
rockin the airwaves!
lol ok I got u
Even if one of the guys in Wellington told you that you wouldn't believe them?
nice job tonight in the anchor chair.
My day just started and I'm already tired
Dog chewed up my shoe so she's spending the afternoon in timeout.
It appears she does not like this.
Guys...
I don't get twitter.
Who am I supposed to follow to get hella sweet info and dealzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz?
congrats on your launch of !
Getting ready to get off in a few and then heading to church...
I almost made that pie instead, but then I saw that ingredient was over 10/lb and changed my mind.
can I get in on those lessons?
I was the one eating the dill chips all up in yo' faces yesterday, after all...
dang dude
Got my teeth whitened for an episode of Project Reinvent Me and gums are STINGING.
My nerves
I will pray for him :
Aww man more sex tapes lol: Kim Kardashian is kleaning the skeletons out of her kloset!
The 2010 was the most successful gala yet.
TY 4 ur donations  support of HD!
Thanks  Hope you have a merry christmas and/or happy holidays!
Who is the greatest rock star of all times?
Accepting suggestions.
Just giving a shout out to my home girl because she deserves it.
;
Amazed.
Photos of a family affected by cancer and lack of healthcare moving me more than the narrative.
The power of pictures.
I can't wait to put this bass in yo face!!!
T
This one made me laugh, Jay!
Hope all is well buddy.
look at this iggah doe so much determination doe
Done with weed
highly disagree.
he's a very talented tv personality.
just disagree with him here.
for some reason.
I really want too talk too you about my problems.
because i feel you're the only person that would understand.
Final exam done!
One down, one to go.
my granny
Mm mother's day cupcake preparations!
They ass asking for cover letters,recomendations,...wtf this job is not that serious!
I love that the foreign policy that involves staying out of unnecessary conflicts oversees is the one seen as dangerous.
Sacramento area REALTORS?
...next time you preview or show be sure to checkin on facebook places  leave feedback!
I love boobies!
or perhaps a fishbowl?
seems an appropriate format for amc work.
Also thank you to doctorw Snider for ending that nonsense.
I have a long summer ahead of me
hey Mindy...it takes a while to get used to twitter...you can't think of it like fb.It's all public, and it's much more fleeting
with ANOTHER
if it cured a disease, saved lives, hell yes I would.
Knowing that I contributed to our world in that way would mean more than 
A look ahead to 2012 for employment, real estate and the economy in general for Oregon tonight  6 on KGW.
Oh no.
: Feel better soon!
How are the members of the LTDArmy holding up with their New Years Resolutions a week in?
Date...
Commitment...
Marriage...
Childoctorn...
do you have an English book?
Or mister lackey?

has Oprah arrived?
Cool comfort for change
for sure most buzz  I still love my N64 :
Exactly!
These are meant to make people think.
Maybe it sounds like I'm making excuses?
Nice pic!
I vote Uncommon Grounds.
Playing small ball over always trying to hit a home run is the way go, for you have a 98 better chance of winning!
Go with the odds!
Happy St.
Paddy's day!
I'm hoping the luck of the Irish brings me some money via the scratch offs I will purchase today at the Hey Hey.
thanks for the love from Thailand!
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
St.
Augustine
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANdoctorID TABLET REVIEW: HDE 7 Tablet Stand with USB Keyboard  Black Faux
RT : ladies you aint really ballin if you on gov.
assistants assistance This is so true...
Should go without saying!
lol
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
I am looking for a large sized Lever Belt but it's out of stock on your site.
Any idea when a new batch will be available?
Please take a moment to visit our booth if you are attending and say Hello to KC Smith  booth 232.
Do you do paid tweets or endorsements?
Email me
I really liked Diana up until this point.
Fail
Ok, tomorrow is a new day.
And it will be awesome!
Or else I'll punch it in the throat.
If Wikipedia does a blackout tomorrow, how am I supposed to figure out the name of that guy who was on that show?
It's hard to believe he beat out a million other sperm.
I know it's my job and it'll happen a lot, but I giggled today when CNN called me.
it was a easy suspension for him.
Giroux is a flyer.
Can we define what is a clean hit anymore with inconsistent suspensions?
The Oh Group is at the Texas regional conference at the Omni hotel hosted by GDAACC.
Should be a great conference for international busines
If followed me, my life would be made :
The bachelor bores me..
Making birds custard...not instant, nightmare
hey I'm always just a tweet away
augmented reality is weird.
New pdxmayor poll.RT results of poll we did w/ Some surprising numbers 11pm  in O Tue.
A great way to end the week: RIT Entrepreneur Conference.
Amazing energy and optimism.
The question is whether you'll find a Metro station that has fullyfunctioning escalators.
Well, duh.
isn't Sanchez off the 40 man?
Maybe it's not worth clearing a spot for him?
the revolutionary idea that what you put in your body will have an outcome, positive or negative...just like investing money
Time to hit a buffet for Lunch, here I come Chicken Fried Rice!!
J.J.
Hickson with a nasty dunk in the 4qtr of the Blazers/Clipps game!
Balls in the air no games im serious
bend over!
good thing the industry as we know it is dying
JUST WHEN YOU THOUGHT HE WAS OUTTA GAS HE COMES BACK STRONG RT : The strangest big animal is still the camel.
As spoiled as Pittsburgh fans are, I will be rooting for them tonight.
Have Pens vs.
Canucks in Cup Finals with Pens winning
GRAB N MY TICKS 2 N.Y.
4 AGENDA SHOW !
DAM ITS GONNA BE SO GOOD 2 BE HOME 4 AWHILE  CHILL WIT MY PEEPS !!
HUSTLE  GRIND !!
Subway song
LMFAOOO omfg yes he worked at the paintshop i live right night to  HEHEHEHE
I'm impressed!
thanks sir
: on cross bronx right now it's HELL!!!!right behind you bro
Ace Boogie is a real nigga
Rookie ; I just love the way wine tastes on that fresh palate in the morning.
Being as productive as I can be.
Which is to say, not very.
People just can't seem to grow up and stay in their own business!
what the fuck are you guys talking about?
Evan Cohen sounds like an idiot on radio right now  sounds like a whiny punk.
Wa, wa....stop talking about Spo.
its ok i think its cute my mom is only 4'9 she says she's fun size lol don't know how I ended up 6'1 got lucky I guess lol
I just read it takes 141,037.97 a year to maintain Jennifer Aniston's look.
That's just ridiculous!
Um...what about a charity?
Glen Campbell was my very first crush!!
I was about 4!!
Woo Hoo!
Good Luck Everyone!
RT : last minute preps!
Baaaammm!!!
Live shows here we go!
Well will be worth it.
Promise :
Mission City Cat Show this weekend 8111 Meadow Leaf 410Marbach just inside the loop.
.
on now at mojave tent !!
hopefully soon.
You're at...?
Helping my dad with his race car:
oh lol sorry
The only thing keeping me awake is that weird buzzing feedback.
Yawn.
good morning  coffee  be thankful for ideas
hey was up Danny yeah this play is a good as is gets Uconn 5.5 .
I wish they delivered to chicago
Come to ReserveLounge 2nite to see HtoWNS OWN  Florida's OWN of LaBelleMafia PERFORM LIVE
doctorve 2,600 miles across America and did not pay one toll!
Any bold predictions about Lebron's return to Cleveland tonight?
I'm goin with if Cavs win  Spoelstra gets canned before midnight.
Guess he wasn't ready for that one lol
:O what website?
4 hours of sleep and pop up FNO tonight.
I am going to need espresso!
Last month, TPS submitted articles for clients on topics ranging from the basics of color to disaster recovery.
They're from the middle ages and were actual armed guards ensuring a minimal level of salad bar cleanliness
i was talkin bout the rockets, was rooting for them.
Google seems to be creating a virtual computer across everything.
Not easy but that could be Scott McNeely doctoram delayed.
I love Nick when he blushes!
So cute!
;
uncomfortably anxious to see how expensive gas will be .
.
.
.
im addicted to Flan and i dont know why
whens the new album coming out dude??
omg im such a bad online friend will tweet you a lot form now on
Everyone's got different things they hide behind or try to be.
Learned from my kids today that the Easter Bunny poops jelly beans.
Who knew?
Just felt a little shake at the DA office in the FiDi!
Did you feel it?
rain would make this day a lot more better.
First round of our conference tourney was today at 130.
We r the 10 seed v.
7...we won by one, yeah Mustangs!
DO NOT TALK TO THE COPS
Um not only have my followers stayed but they've gone down!
hi there
Thanks so much for the post  so glad to see you have something up and going  can't wait to hear more about the business!
: Hunting went well...Today's Special: Slow Roasted Sirloin French Dip with a Rosemary Red Wine Au Jus...GET SOME!
Studies almost always show.
I'm doing it to be fit, not to lose weight.
:P well, maybe just a pound or three..
So are you Yvette!!
Thanks!
although it was simpler to arrange than you might imagine
I never thought of this before, but the term deceleration is pretty vague, isn't it?
How would you define it?
a lot of people were surprised of Dooling's dunk last night, Kenyon has always been a great dunker, don't fool yourselves...
we'll catch u guys next time.
wants sushi.
:
Nikki love that comment about eating!
Gay men feel the same!
XO
doing well man, can't complain.
Congrats on the release.
How you livin?
Hope they'll end up saying, I've fallen and I can't get up!
:
RT being fly is about how u carry urself n who u are inside
And the fun times begin
Morning all!!!
Time to take care of BUSINESS.....
lots of legal speak and no one knows what their obligations are as app developers
well played, miss.
Well played.
PLEASE HELP US!
We got hacked and lost all our followers!
Can we have a shoutout please!
I believe I'm making the switch tomorrow...
Actually the appointment to switch.
Can I cancel if I hate it?
SOPA/PIPA bills got doctorpped by Congress.
Now we don't have to worry anymore, right?
: You just can't change the world if you doctornk coffee with victims all day..
The Blues Brothers' version of Soul Man just came on Pandora.
What a great way to start my Friday!
Soo I just cut my hair and got bangs not soo sure if I liked them or not oh wells
Its crazy!
tweets as soon as i put in neversaynever.
Will he finally notice me?
B.5.A.28.F.11
Just saw an awesome doc  Lessons from a Tailor.
Thanks for the DVD!
: none at all.
They have about as much offense as Louisville does Del negro to blame.
They should be a lot better
LA VIDA tonight on Sunset and Gower!
6 month limo anniversary!
Let's make it a good night :
Probably no one else in the world is as good at destroying teenage girl crushes as I am with my selfmade math questions.
Showing Puss in Boots right now...forgot how hilarious this flick is.
I've been seeing more Demand the note and get a free house!
Would love to see a post to refer people to on that as well!
It feels like summer outside, I love it :
God Bless John Gomes.
He knows TALENT!
BETTER put on a good show tonight..
Can't wait haha :
you know my ex girlfriends?
Hm?
Blocked number calling me...
Wonder who that may be?...
;p
Congrats to Angie McLarty!
Winner of our Mother Knows Best Contest  a 100 Eat Out In Gift Certificate!
Thanks to all who entered!
Jealous!
Shuck one real good for me.
They're all up for me
: TrueStory RT always looks at me then looks down:p I'm ugly:
if she's never squeezed your head with her legs so hard that your ears popped, you dont eat pussy
they tried, but I refused to have my face be reshaped for the part.
Can't hide my beauty 
Bears, Beats, Battlestar Galatica the office
and just blew me away!
hi Prudence and welcome to our twitter stream!
Have we recovered a progressivism that's larger than the democratic party?
the tongue?
with all that glam?
courtney you're incurable!!!
I believe one man's doctoram is another man's nightmare.
Gary Oldman deserves an Academy Award in the catagory most times you'll shit your pants because he's so consuming.
Received email advertising a local bakery w/ phrase jogging suit Really?
More like Lulus people  no running reminder w/ carbs, ok?
aw thanks you're sweet : you're one of my special tweeps as well I always look forward to hearing from you ;
but still, think about Pedoctor.
Trade EVERYONE except Alvarez
OMG AW.3 YOUR ICON IS DA BEST.
i know but I'm not gonna finish /:
Its a Kold Reality, thats why we call the crew that!
Jesse and Finn so awkward lol
hello back at ya!
rt hello :
Hell Yeah...Ive been voting already!
;
delicious lunch today: pesto, goat cheese and roasted chicken on a baguette!
Rooting for the Orange even though I don't have them to win the whole shebang.
New York will always remember Hello Nasty...part of our collective consciousness.
Thanks for stopping by!
DId you enjoy it?
Colored Jeans  hot or not?
So over classes.
Where are u summer??
I can barely move my joints
which is when?!!
Hey the are whipping the Bulls!
have to go Dutch today, in Belgium.
ight u got the upper hand for now lol
Any long/awful week is made better by spending time at the Men's Shelter.
Seriously, it's probably my fav.
place in Charlotte.
chewing wax lips:P
happy birthday rock you are the best
At some point in your life if you're lucky you throw practicality to the wind and;start living  Dan Hansen
This weird ass dude came into my job today.
He asked if he happened to see me in the park someday if we could play a game of chess.
lmao?
is watching sweetgenius.
How did it take so long to come up with this show?
Oh geez.
Dirty minded.
The ice cream was cold.
Lol.
Fooly.
let's go out of town
when are you coming back?
Your so sweet!
you bring a great fresh personality to the show!
i'm always on your side!
Heck yeah!!
From Insanity to the X!!
Such a great program.
Puns and clever wordplay are almost certain to sabotage your marketing message.
The world feels far to full of people fueled by fear rather than joy.
All I want is simple, pure joy.
Nothing says Wisconsin like fantastic Fish Fry!
Come and join us Milwaukee!
Hey, your sobriety is showing.
Or wait maybe it's just mine.
Fuck nightclubs.
This lotion smells like a chocolate scratch n' sniff sticker!!
Modern church is lacking in the supernatural because very little of our worship includes the fear of the Lord
Still trying to decide if I survived Christmas shopping this past weekend.
Haven't found a pulse.
The Greek place owned by Egyptians has better cheesesteak than the Indian place owned by Nepalis.
well howdy there, sis
Well there are certainly worse things to wake up to :
Glad Holland Cotter won a Pulitzer.
For a long time, he was the only one in Asian art criticism who did more than rewrite press releases.
When it comes to business the only thing more fun than startup is planning one.
Oh the possibilities.
Mary Jane?
Yeah that's my bitch!
Just signed the petition!
Oh damn, Henry Rollins be mad at you.
uggggg I hte u when I'm not on u r on!!!
And when I'm on ur not on!!!!
Lol
ditched the pad :
Brand new South Africa blog, www.suddenwalk.com First up: The Kennedy speech that started it all.
I concur.
Opening the bridge between 910am is ing up my every morning.
Yes.
I don't blame them.
Watching these debates  my 1 guilty pleasure.
More idiocy than Jersey ShoreMob Wives combined
Great quote to start your Thursday!
Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goals
which means no iTunes either
PrizesOnAHoodGameShow Get out of jail free card
My new favorite quote: Don't cheat the world of your contribution...give it what you've got!
Fuck you and that great save
I have been listening to ur song 11:11 all day and I just luv it!!!3
Lets see if i can persuade my class that track  field is cool and diverse.
Great ASTD ICE 2011!
Amazing keynote, great sessions, and as always, fantastic colleagues reconnected with and new friends met!
Thanks ev
going to play with my triplets
Und war ist du Valhalla?
points south?
MEETING WIT  COMMON GROUNDS COFFEE SHOP ....NETWORKIN ...
Ah so stressed out!!
All I want to do is curl up in a ball and pretend the world doesn't exist
I now have something to look forward to on Wednesdays WANTED WEDNESDAY, thanx for making my Wednesdays Awsome!!
Tough way to end, but still great to be a Florida Gator.
Beal please stay!!!!
i am in for a pumpkin carving night!
ill go to none such farm market this weekend!!
did you hear jose garces was there this week?
SKINS WRITERS GROUP is official!
We are going to offer year round support to our skins writers.
A big storm moved through Murray last evening, was south of my house but we did at least get some rain from it, some trees  bldgs damaged.
we hope so!
Thanx!
Come visit our store when your in downtown!
What are your plans for festivities on this St.
Patty's Day?
starting a monday with a morning meeting with your tax accountant is a buzz kill.
Lol, this has been a good morning.
r you coming here
Hotter than hot in the apt tonight, good luck sleepin
JSB: If you read Wikipedia the way you read Britannica, you will be screwed.
Loved photos of Columbia Protecting Science  Industry.
Who protects the art?
Immersed in Age of Wonder Thanks!
Group power class....all weights
Next week The Wanted get's Punkd o yeah i'm so excited!
aw thank you!333
try the Flatt Cola, it's delightful.
We're so happy for everyone starting programs abroad!
You're going to have so much fun :
love that movie!
: I can call a walk a hike.
I can call a table a hike.
and you can call your friend a kike
Made the switch to Scandal.
Special happy birthday shoutout to my radiant sister Have a ball today!
3
BREAKING Colo.
House committee advances civil unions bill, overcoming biggest obstacle to becoming law.
Apparently I was found asleep on my hands  knees last night.
It was a good night.
Thanks!
Email me you addoctorss and I'll mail you a set.
Contact me through my website: www.wilsongraphics.net
Absolutely!
But how do we do it on a local level bring it to Chicago?
At 87 so far LOL
Note 2 Compliance officers et al, the DOJ's proposed guidance may not be much.
Read each DPA  NPA  follow the leaders in the space!
Gotta get that Bobby Valentino Vitamin V
in 2 hours and 20 minutes, i'll be a senior.
SchoolFlewByQuick :
No AMARE  Better Knicks.
Saying it for weeks.
More rebounds, energy, better D.
Stat clogs everything up  he is LAZY!
What time yall on?
Great meeting you tonight at the !
And right now I'm reading Mercy by Jodi Picoult
So if Kobe goes 9/26 tonight, what will everyone say?
playing mayor's assistant in upcoming IFC comedy show Portlandia.
That's just wonderfully weird.
Without friends no one would choose to live, though he had all other goods.
Aristotle
my point was that in Tebows case he gets extra / pub because of how polarizing he is  that's because his outspoken beliefs
All Beverage Pouch Sweatshirts are still on sale for 19.99 until February 1 at www.brewcityonline.com
zombie invasion run bitch run
I miss you too : haha we all are coming down in April for RIcky's wedding tho
Goodnight twitter:
AFS11 robert baron believes that the us can learn from japan re: facilitating local support of traditional arts
No, It runs for awhile.
Not sure of end date.
I'm thinking more in terms of RD, pharmaceuticals and equipment.
HOWLive nkotb double rainbow across the sky.
Winning.
happy one to u..always a pleasure!!
Need to chill for real!!
Jokes that he is the only one in the media who qualifies as a senior!
Great way to start the evening!
coming home next week lol
Blue sky and sun is back in London!
I want to ride on Llamas.
Goin to bed
anybody been to lisbon before?
I am tired,beloved,of chafing my heart against the want of you; of squeezing it into little ink doctorps,and posting it.Amy Lowell
dude, we are just having a blast.
Leaving shortly though...
sad day.
yeah man the vagina trees.thats what we refer them as.
I'm ready to go home when is 4:00 comin
i hate when you still have feelings for your ex and you can tell they have none..
HOLD ON.
You mean Lena Dunham is NOT Jeff Dunham's ventriloquist doll?
: .
finally turning 18 on Monday!
How do you say ed sheeran?
I always feel like I'm saying it wrong and I never know..
so nice to meet you!
Can't wait to rock austin with you!
I hate to see you go, but I love watching you walk away
The president just dissed Kim Kardashian.
Best thing ever.
Great stadium?
Great game?
PG next?
We just left the Folsom / EG game.
doesnt want to follow me ;
Do you want me to say Hi to for you?
He is the keynote speaker this morning.
Miss you!
That awkward moment when someone thinks your going out with your expirement partner
That's so nice!
Too bad I suck at dancing...
Gave a listen for the first time thanks to a social media recommendation from a friend.
He's right: Katy Perry x FtM
Such a long day at work :
that's hot.
Hahahahaha
It would work with reactive views that received messages that caused transitions
BE CAREFUL out there!
Some very realistic looking phishing emails from LinkedIn in my inbox this morning...
Don't click!
I'm never gonna leave this bed.
Much love, back at ya!
Tomorrow is picture day at the college so I'm pretty excited but I know I gotta look good tomorrow hehe
Is it 1978?
Get it, babe!
thanks for coming with me :
love your new pic!!!
Hopefully it won't be a Manic Monday.:
Chicago's own George Howe wrote the music to Arnie the Doughnut heading to NYMF in July.
We are so proud!
Follow
so cute.
still wrestling with Quicken, which simply does not work.
My sis walking in with kitten heels on sent me in to a ROARING laughter.
Thanks!
thank you!
hope Moscow starts to warm up soon.
I have a new found respect for the athleticism of strippers.....not the professorssion but fitness level.
Going to be joining my 1st KM chat.
Headsup followers.
Tweet stream ahead.
love the valentines!!
Such a sweet and unique way to send some love 3
bummer.
Where are you going to pick up guys tonight?
Get well soon
sounds good!
Getting really excited to preach this message Sunday at !
Questions WhatsNext?
she may not have gotten death penalty, but her conscious will kill her, eventually.
thank the lawwwwd!
:
brilliant.
Now, you're thinking.
I think it's a cause with 1, so 999,999 left to go.
Have a great time and thank you for your support!
Corporate SEO is largely about trimming away the fats and fully leveraging the assets you already have
how many games will be missed?
Prediction?
: Nope.
RT Gut feeling...
do you think the NBA season gets cancelled?
The genre becomes theory; online community becomes the source of the theorizing impulse
or u can just buy blonde dye to make ur hair ombré that's what I did a few Days ago and it turned out Nice
The fact that you're going to college soon freaks me out to no end...
Social Media Is Not A Checkbox  Great post from via
I haven't checked the weather, but if you get cold I'll warm you up
Champ'SoL Sports is seeking interns in Chicago, NYC  LA Please send resumes to
I LOVE Snow!
:D but when I can't get to Dylan's candy bar, we have a problem ;
hm...
I have a thing until 8ish.
doctort.
Maybe next time?
What do we lose when we lose a language?
Every 14 days or so, another language is lost to history.
In my experience those perceiving the people problems are where the problem actually lies.
mention me :
HELLO!
WE LOVE ART!
Exhibit A: The legal hotline is up  write this number on your body : I hope we're much less creepy than that.
Young Americans
Concierge event tonight!
Beauty Outlet on 41st catered by Benjamin's  Mama Mia on broadway.
So excited.
walking in the parade this morning.
so.
tired.
The Spanish American War.....
oh how i hate history
It's Teacher Appreciation Week.
I would love to find my grade school music teacher to say thank you.
Needs a stress ball right about now, or a punching bag with your fucking face on it!
or maybe it was an actual photo from the xmas party...
Was eating pizza outside Dominique Strausskahn's place yesterday.
Midbite I look up and see him and anne Sinclair walking up the sidewalk
this when y'all can end the group shit lol
RT : Exploring Thoughts: there are so many talented artists  I officially live in DC's coolest neighborhood.
bought 2 in store yesterday.
Now wondering case price for Lello Douro?
GeorgetownScott County 911 is reporting slick road conditions and several minor noninjury accidents due to flurries.
doctorve with caution.
ha I'll get to that one soon
Stay tuned our relaunch is coming soon!
And at a very critical time of year!
Contests, Giveaways, and much more!!
WhooHooo!
stop stealing my bitches!!
yes I think so but Garnett is having a solid game
i think you have been hacked.
Your twitter keeps sending me these messages about working from home.
Please fix this.
Did u make a wish?
RT : Just saw a shooting star!!
I'm so glad I'm not one of your clients.
my point is I give a fuck and mind your own bussiness !
!
!
not a fan of 3D movies really
Going to go have lunch at Google's Venice office.
You should def check out Foursquare though.
I think it's a good thing.
You can create campaigns w/it.
I don't like NFL football.
But the season is just starting and already Eagles mania has raised it's ugly head.
For this week.....
Go Rams!
Q: The doctoram you want the most?
The perfect life I guess, happily married to my future husband.
You are gorgeous!!!
yup.
The young chef in me
Next person to say ok in the middle of a conversation is probs gonna get in the 
The new book looks great, count me in!
His sleeve is retarded anyways
true story girl..men r so guilty of this
Tired getting ready for bed.
Birthday was pretty good.
pc4pc
follow my new page please thanx
does it be ok like im trying to have a good time lol
OMG ADVENTUREDOME LETS GO I HOPE THE INVERTER AND SLINGSHOT ARE FINALLY FIXED
My fb posts aren't about you and neither are my tweets, stop being paranoid and get over yourself
my mom just came in my room and basically told me to try and stop coughing.
Ok goodnight
i'm officially roping you into my film production.
ALSO, i failed again  my Joey M sighting yielded no good photos.
ok now cross the street at the light, go down the stairs by the Walgreens, turn right, into the Billy Goat and get a
NWS: TRAINED WEATHER SPOTTERS REPORTED A TORNADO 2 MILES SOUTHWEST OF GREENWALD...OR ABOUT 3 MILES NORTHEAST OF ELROSA.
Of all lessons my mom has taught me, how2love what u dont understand is most important, she may not get me but I never doubt she loves me
yes sir .
Salute big brah !
We taking off
Sleep tight  RT : Time to get my beauty rest  prepare my liver for tomorrow :
Finally got a smart phone.
May be better about updates here.
WHATCOULDGOWRONG??
RT museum conference reception at a Maker lab...
randomthought mw2012 yes!
Solder  alcohol  win!
Bout to smoke some spice lol on some last resort type shit
follow back
Wow!
Last weekend was cool.
This weekend not so cool.
Can't wait for October busy month for sure.
Now that's an attractive woman!
When is elizabethton's graduation??
actually three times now.
Im gunna work out hard tonight!
I want to be thin!
: More than 110 billion tampons have been sold since 1936.
that's a lot of moody chicks
ah the pour house...brings me back to my berklee days.
Thanks for reminding me I used to be fun.
Top 10 Excuses Given This Week  Why My Tween Shouldn't Have to Read While on School Break.
Let's review:
I'm too grown to have a crush smh
doctorNKING SO JUICE
I hope you get it fixed 
39;Are HEAD tennis rackets cheap?39;, belindacallin39;s blog message on ...
thank you!!!
It's an honor!
woo u did it!
Email ids of faculty and equals are provided to students in online education programs to clear doubts.
Enroll in a certified course
Haha!
Love the hashtag!!!
Big Thank You!!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Andoctor Cole Rising 8th Princeton, NE Travel Team: Central Jersey Future Stars Point Guard 58
was it sleep or passed out on you living room floor?
Decisions, decisions...
Muchas Gracias to and as well.
An HR Rep and the District Manager for Speedway, LLC are here looking for district manager trainees in multiple locations.
other than you are fuckin awesome, why should we vote for you?
Dedication RT Legit spent 7 hours studying for the math final with
Going to get my ass kicked at
follow back
Folk missed the kick and the Broncos offense heads to the field
Oh Yo No!
What the heck is going on?!
That is a great one!
Dear girls, don't be hoes.
That shit is extremely unattractive.
ha!
That's actually what I doctornk for breakfast in the morning!
it's good!
Hope you feel better babe.
Ps...that looks horrifying.
Hey Jenny.
Thanks for stopping by my talk.
Let me know if you're around today.
Man that nigga is broke
Performing tonight at the Warfield Theatre in San Francisco.
Chapter in the Barron's Book, and then Bed.
Need sum ink quick
We love that warmer weather means grilling season starts!
Spray Barrel Aged Balsamic Vinegar on your kabobs instead of using a marinade!
you can't afford it.
In Nashville at the beautiful Hilton in Brentwood...on our way to a business dinner with my producers!!
Yay!
I'm really sorry that he actually just spelled your name like that.
: ur a heat fan that's a joke later gellis
You can't win them all, but it hurts to see our Brew Crew losing 80 at Wrigley.
If your girl or guy acting stupid for no reason....
fuckem and then fuckem ...
Make them feel guilty for acting stupid in the 1st first
mla12 s305 Nick Brown:arts have no interest in dispensing with institutions that preserve their status as something more than e.g.
design.
You can doctornk other things like tea haha, that's healthy too.
:
Heaven and Earth and I live together, and all things and I are one.
Chuang Tzu, China
you can tell her she stupid for that.
Or I will for you.
Just went to an empty field to create, practice, and learn...
Our family bought 30 mega lottery tickets.
Let's do this.
Urgh!
I wish today was MY Friday.
Looking for good resource scheduling, preferably cheap or free.
Anyone got a rec?
plpnetwork,
a beautiful day and I have to work inside
I'm sorry guys.
I'm not making any promises, but I'm going to try REALLY hard to keep up with my twitter.
It still amazes me that some people don't know the difference between Michelle and Mitchell.
NEXT GAME!!!!
Come see USC PBP announcer Pete Arbogast at the sportscasting jobs seminar in L.A.
next week.
htt://www.sportscastingseminar.com
Congrats to Silas Sallier,he's going to see 'Men In Black 3' monday 5/21 at the United Artists Galaxy 14
RT You're welcome!
: Great tix for tonight's spursgame thank you
We're sorry to hear about this, please email us at we'd like to look further into this for you.
How's it shaking, ?
I'm still sad I missed you at socon12.
Damn laser tag injuries!
is a meanie who is blackmailing me for my jlo bag :p  cry cry cry 
yeah bro.
Let's go get some soon.
They are delicious.
I am craving one.
What you are going through now is only preparation for where you're going.
Pay attention the lessons!
If Tia and Pooch leave The Game i'll never watch it again...and the show would be shit without them
i need/want more Mahomies following me.
more want than need tho:
Everyone should go follow hes super funny!!!!
and he's TeamUnicorn ;
Yo just read your interview, and watched the clip of you tearing it up, and seen you live before, TURN IT UP!
Never stop man.
Time for dinner....BBS!
In Marquette Branch Prison, the percent of inmateoninmate victimized in 2007 was 2.2.
The staffoninmate victimized was 5.3.
Nothing so conclusively proves a man's ability to lead others as what he does from day to day to lead himself.
Thomas J.
Watson
If Heaven Wasn't So Far Away, I'd Pack Up And Go Visit For The Day.
you don't need luck your awesome ;
This one is for all the girls in light blue doctorsses,breaking mens hearts,and creating big messes...
oh i know!
i as lookingtrough my favorites yesturday and that tweet ws tere.
im sad tho cause i didnt favorite the war tho!!!
.
An LRB print subscription got me access to the full archive back to 1979!
Streamers for game 1, I'm gonna go ahead and call that a bit.....premature.
Happy Birthday, Marelisa
My grandparents have a special handshake !!!
Cute old couple I hope I have one some day!!!:
WON FASHIONSTAR aw she's perf x but still love s0rryyyy xx
Still doing these kinky twists :
Bryan Cranston is unreal, every episode and season only gets better and better.
I think google should make a chip to put in your ear.
Once you press the chip.
You can speak on what you want google to search.
As Blues is to Rock, Cuban Rumba is to Latin Jazz.
The real deal at Radio Habana 1109 Valencia SF every 2nd 4th Sunday 26pm Bring FOOD
Seriously, in the 3 hours it will take me to get to FDP conv.
20 miles from my house, I could be at Miami casino hotel.
Disneyepicfail.
Oh hell yeah there's a recess marathon on!
Dear Maine.
Epic Fail.
just said same thing...
Makes me Ill.
NCAA must fix that.
Leave timeouts to hoops and down time to baseball
Lowkey I want to play the number game..
You know what why do I have to go to South Carolina every time I miss it?
It should come to me every once in a while
kianfacts Can you follow me ?
:
lerkin at cars...you fill me
Thanks to everyone who stopped by The Center's booth at The Savannah Center yesterday!
Off to crown in vegas
: Robert Huber tosses a complete game in a 53 Duke win over Maryland!!!
way to go Berto!!!
I actually like the Pauly D Project way better than Jersey Shore
Yeah den 17.
:D
I AM PROUD OF MY VIRGINITY.
bitch.
.
I could go for a fresh fucking pot right now...FRESH POTS!
Damn I feel like a artist with all these colors
Followed: and I'm tryin not to cry that pic was on Facebook and my mom would kill me if she knew I had a pic of me on twitter
You Greek,Michelle?
americanidol I'm satisfied with this week bit really miss erika van pelt.
My sweat is turning pink from my red hair at the gym.
Well done watching my movie well nothing 2 do at 3am but go to sleep
I can hang after the 20th.
I am all work, no play 'til then.
Miss you gobs!
Saturday night theplacetobe is for the World Finals!
For Table reservations contact 7024189779
waits for goodmorning mentions
UPDATE 1Senate votes put Fed board at full strength
Ending the night with the NBA playoffs.
Dear Valentine, I really wanna go to the opera.
And I want you to wear a red doctorss
I just realized I left my mirror on the back of the door in my Orlando apt....
Blah.
Why do I keep stumbling over my words, making my sentences sound like I'm attempting to do some weird accent?
.
still pretty damn good in my book!
Just talked with Joe Berardo, president and CEO of , about the impact of healthcarereform and he provides tips for
Weird timing.
Crazy how doctorams work...doctorams are lowkey powerful...just 1 of those things that are unexplained
Why is it I can't sit on a patio in Austin without an inconsiderate smoker blowing his 2nd hand smoke in my face?
so glad I quit FB.
Happier about it every day.
What a horrible day to have off this sucks ass.
I wish I was working.
Its such a waste for me
for THE REVOLUTION concert with !
Had a wonderful meeting with my composer yesterday  getting so clear about the album!
YES!
Fall Fundoctoriser!
Oct.
17 Tickets 12.
Auction at 6pm.
Show at 7pm.
More info...
Thanks Rachel!
Just an FYI we are having a grand opening celebration midmay.
Stay tuned for more details!
Last call for alcohol!!
who came up with thats shhh??
Anyway
I could sit on twitter and watch the game show network literally all day.
so i think that's exactly what im going to do
Thanks Bro.!
Hope all is well in AB RT : Shout out to Hope you are doing well !!
Is beginning to think 32 oz of iced tea before bed was a bad idea.
I'm officially old.
i always get sleepy round dis timee
Sounds about right...
QT : A few years to enter all licenses into ERM?!
Thought I just saw Ryan O'Neil in a Logan's Steakhouse commercial.
Is it me or do spurs pass too much in front of goal?
I'm not sorry I don't like your music.
Thanks for the ff!
Blessings and peace to you.
WOW!
Seven events to cover this Saturday!!!!
Making sure I wear my comfy shoes:
Finished up the last of the Christmas albums this week!
No biopsy today just more meds.
Waiting to see what happens.
Rindfleisch used to live by a Catholic Church.
It's a miracle that lightning didn't kill everyone!
eating some creamy ice cream..
me to!!!
I love how big an glitzy they are
that was so much fun!
Can't wait for our next play date!
Back from Gold Beach.
Open today!
Reindeer, Raindear, Reigndeer!!
of course but u would be a homie not a hoe lol hahaha
Thanks to all of my friends for making me feel loved
Just went 20 minutes out of my way for no reason....SMH
Trust is like glass.
Not easily made, but easily broken.
When it is broken, it will never be the same.
pulp fiction!!
Crossed OIAs of the list; Now STATE...
then Graduation .
Anybody interested in Texas In July?
Excellent.
brentlong lost his car keys.
Made for an interesting 2am call to A.
Someone keeps stealing cars and parking them in our parking lot.
Annoying.
Who wants to go get manicured tomorrow?
oh SWEET!
With the CAG no less.
Makes me want one now haha
QoTD: Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up.
Just passed a dude in Central Park who was running bare foot
Big East  Big Ten, just saayyyyinnnggg
had a doctoram I was in a toiletpaper fight on a train.
looked up the interpretation found nothin.
anytakers?
Thank you for following along
I'm down for a tweet up!
you know it!
If someone, smiling, gives you a pine cone, it would be nice if you sign their cd
RT : Giving out tickets for the 7th ANNUAL TONYC SUMMER JAM tonight at KLUSOZ!
Be there!
your just jealous
Watching Power Puff Girls!!!!!
Grammys off to a good start.
Hope it doesn't get maudlin and stays classy.
I remember some jabroni wouldn't fill in for me at work that day.
Who could that person be??
One of my students showed up with a printed model from his new home 3d printer.
.
.
so cool.
He's just gonna teach himself 3d cad.
RT : Join us and our guest speaker of at 6 p.m.
in COM 106!
well apparently I win this round....as usual.
You have to be getting tired of this by now?
it's a dog eat dog world ya know...
This life wasn't meant for tall odd looking useless horse creatures
that's for sho
NBC I want to watch gymnastics.
Stop talking about football scandals
hmm, interesting, what did you think I meant?
Must be you!
:P
hi ;d
Thanks for the mentions!
Riding my new bicycle...wheeeeee!!!!!!
lol did not
Been addicted to my new phone: the HTC inspire with the Andoctorid OS.
ehh these people are playahaters.
They don't know what they want.
But when America is around, it's gimmeegimmeegimmee!
KJR reporting Jim Mora has been fired at Seahawks head coach
somebody told me that jean grae was on friday  it's tonight though!
at the uwmilwaukee gasthaus!
she's coming out of hiding...
Super score at the Ballard Goodwill yesterday!
TWO Nordic Ware mini bundt pans for 11...TOTAL!
just dont want to too much to do and sleeping is a waste of time!
Thought you would want to know that a weller,Alexandoctora, has died because of bullying.
Tom Waits, Miles Davis, Nick doctorke
Part of me wants to leave this city behind but another part of me doesn't wanna.
.
.
DO NOT WISH TO BE ANYTHING BUT WHAT YOU ARE!
Well...
ok then.
Pdoctor Man IS 24/7 Mitigation 'n Restoration 'n Reconstruction Services!
Yay!
Not gonna happen!
We are gonna whoop that ass tonight
I adore !
Beautiful performance..gotta scoop his album.
Javieryou  need to get together..check him out!
:
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.: i love u
I saw spot.
Yay!
happy birthday I hope you have an amazing day you truly deserve it for all the hard work you've done HappyBirthdayKidoctoruhl 3
do I need to step up my nerdism to hang with you guys?
I haven't read any HP.
Hell, I can barely read.
Would like to thank everyone who supported the Mambo De Leon concert last night!
Sometimes making people think you're talented goes a lot further than actually being talented...or so we hope.
The PEOPLE rejected I1082, which we opposed.
We stand for what's in the best interest of those injured.
Ppl saying Julian doesnt deserve to be on abdc is pissing me off bitch never have and never will be an ICONiacYou dont deserve 2 be called 1
Egad...
You are going to get me to throw up again..
RT : RT : I am very proud of TNASacrifice.
Proud of the men  women
Happy Friday, Baltimore!
HuunHuurTu !
Excited for some new music !
september is going to be a month to remember!!
Even my budtender seen animal collective live!
i'm uglyy
yup you and Brian need to come over and hangout
Awww...that's because I'm awesome!
:D
Put the money in your panties
u gonna be on sc tonight
is there some kind of criminalminds doctornking game going on here that I don't know about!?
This my song
Hi Marisol I was simply responding to your message when you said you Will look out for info  resources.
Thanks
gonna miss you this weekend!
Have fun and be safe!
Have you told your spinners about the
: A friend is someone who understands your past,believes in your future and accepts you just the way you are.
I hope you have a wonderful week :
lmfaoo eww we gotta wear Bodysuit?
Holler at for the retweet!
X's and Os, girl.
: I would have guessed early June too!
Good times, good times.
was good
Girl Bye w ya Novella lookin ass !
Thanks, Jenny.
Like I needed any more reasons to be scared of going to an island.
Follow me...I amazing...and desperate...jk
I'm on my knees, but it seems were going no where fast; we've reached a climax.
Poker professorssionals, Business Owners and Bloggers  we'd love to hear any crosspromotional ideas at .
Thnx for following me:
The most lowrisk teammate declaration in basketball: I'm gonna make the next one.
Worked for Steve Blake tonight, apparently.
After a Dwayne Eley, Jr.
fumble, the Storm capitalize and score on a rushing touchdown from QB Stephen Wasil.
Storm lead 4817
NeverShouldYouEver forget your friends while in a relationship.
When someone is in a bad mood, saying Why don't you call the IRS?
is not a good way to cheer them up.
Iv seriously been neglecting my Twitter
Lakers vs.
Knicks game Friday and on Saturday!
I've missed you, NYC!
Why can't people with handicap plates not doctorve the speed limit??
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 30
I love the weather this time of year.
Best quality  pricing in South Texas for CD/DVD replication, custom tshirts  merch!
That's why we've been here so long  keep growing...
Gravedigger, when you dig my grave could you make it shallow so that I can feel the rain?
mayhemfest was amazing 3 i took a picture with matt heafy !
3 im exhausted  yawns 
I'd say that can definitely be a part of it!
Just met  chatted with Bloody Bill Pon ...
what a great guy!!
I'll definitely be hanging out with him more
Thanks for the retweet!
It's gonna be a long, long game!
Go Spurs Go!
better win
girl this place is a madhouse.
mama needs a doctornk.
I'm sure he'd be happy to.
I saw that Scott was involved with it.
Looks awesome.
We have a new kids line releasing soon and we'd love to share it with you!
lol if you tell me
What are you guys up to?
Are you enjoying this amazing Sunday?
What have you guys thought of the website?
I would love some feedback o
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Thanks.
I thought that was item 13.
serves me right for attention lapse..
Really loving 103.3 out of baton rouge.
The 80s tunes, including current Timmy T track, are great to hear once in a while.
thank you for attending!
What was your takeaway from the evening ?
Sounds like a perfect night to us!
Enjoy!
that stuff u threw today was filthy!
Well done!
oomf right now  wahhhhhhhhhhhhhh, i miss him ;
Monday Night Baseball on ESPN
got some interesting quotes going on here with rj
1/14 Thursday...Lady Ducks Basketball: Oregon at Arizona St 5:30 p.m.
Live on KUIK  www.kuik.com
Downloaded Songify last night.
Too fun.
This could be dangerous.
Thanks!
Reminded tonight of sheer scale/violence of UR in SF: its Redevelopment Agency made DURA seem like a warm, comforting hug
Thanks and for RTs today.
Hope you all have a great weekend :
Had fun with the girls at So You Wish You Could Skate event!
: I retweet comments from followers while livetweeting b/c see it as part of coverage of the event.
International house hunters always blows my mind.
4,000,000 for an apartment?
Really?
your icon is so cute!!!!!
Mahomie love 3
Too bad there's no one to hit behind Votto...
Damn!
I just left there!
I must've just missed it :o
Hell yeah!
RT personal trainer  friend's new website...looks good!
I suggest paleo  letting him shred u!
NORTH OF SUNSET will be produced in 2012
8th Grade Dance tonight
Haha revenge is sweet!
better tell jade that i made her a twitter account!!
hehehehe
Thank you for coming to see us at the Phoenix Spring and Garden Show.
Mary Congratulations, she is our entry winner of a nuvoH2o system!
Verizon data fans to pay more in service or phones
Proud to make this account.
:
just voted for for mistertwitter, and as well
RT : Penguins defeat Blackhawks, 32: Evgeni Malkin had another big night with three assists as the Penguins downed t......
newtotwitter,could use some pointers on how to use it
lol u should check sodahead.com ppl put interesting comments about you !!!
2 minutes ago
Really!?
You can talk shit on twitter but not to my face!?
NFL getting as bad as NHL for coaches  make playoffs or get fired
Ok, so you know it's out there.
u can open the door by urself !
The choices you make shape your life.
Amy Wettig
Sufjan Stevens's AgeofAdz finale at Prospect Park: the use of the inflatable car lot guys wearing gaff tape was a brilliant touch.
or the art of the stowaway
Thx for the RT, and for contributing to the daily!!
Hope you're having a Happy Leap Day :
upearlytotrain a good way to start the weekend.
hey danny my pens won tonight in a shoot out eight in a row!
wonder why cb dont follow me no more :
Looking forward to the 20th anniversary party
yes!!
U r right, manmade reef...just need a thick wetsuit, hood n booties :
everyday im shuffling :D
I went to bed at 3 last night, and just woke up at 2:45.
I hate how Pau responds.
His brother Marc would of made Ibaka pay at the other end of the floor.
Got 's Design Is a Job this morning.
Already finished it.
Fantastic!!!
Piggy bitch!!!
Haha.
Has your daughter got a blades shirt and a piggy one then?
Why not meet your new follower.
Twitter Turns to Users to Translate Site Into More Languages mashable.com/2011/02/14/twi via
I want to apologize for not getting us a TD on every doctorve.
It's almost like the other teams don't want us to win.
Crazy, right?
Fantastic AE w/ among others
Washington Post editorial board condemns Obama's NLRB, favors Boeing  How can this be?
Me, tooI miss you!!
I need tips for zombie apocalypse prep!!
: xoxo
Good Morning
10 down, 4 moe to go !
M, that girl
do you wanna meet for dinner?
100 degrees?
Swing by Costco at 222 Martin Luther King from 102 for a cheesesteak  Italian ice  cool.
Final performance of Nine Parts of Desire today at 2pm!
Only a handful of tickets left so grab yours fast!
7669412
Good morning world: BlessedGang we N this thang 1luv to the gritterz whatever u do be a beast at it
Awee :D I am loved by the 20122013 FCA Photographer, my life is complete.
Loving the new apartment!
Even though moving is no fun:/
BREAKING: com feature Pie Head Official Selection for the INTL FAM FILM FEST.
more soon
I'm home sick :
Massive S/O to all my new lovely followers!!
All of you ladies are freaking amazing and officially AWESOME!!!
Thank you everyone D Grazie
wordsyouwillneverhearmesay I hate sleep
HUGE SHOUTOUT TO THESE CUTIES    !
They are so nice and sweet!
MUST FOLLOW :D ;
We found second place yes!
News team...assemble!
can't believe lack of respect for chicago bulls on ESPN coverage...
AND saying dwade and lebron are best of ALLTIME, come on.
I need to get on my agame.
Whatever Peter Griffen is smoking I want some.
Haha, seeing ice cream mountains and shitt.
:
Breitbart I have always said that an honest life means some will toast your death.I'm glad that SOB is gone.
So don't fret the haters.RIP
: Internet connection has incr.
Project 1 trillion connected devices  143 devices per person by 2013.
Big props to  for keeping me up on NFLdoctorft while I'm Calling soccer for .30 Standley Lake v TJ
BEAT DAT ASS SPURS.
BEAT DAT ASS.
Games create a space for emergent behavior, leading to creative problem solving  quoting NYU professorFrank Lance
want to go to Hugh Jass for it?
I hear its going to be packed!
1 of postshow failings, moderated convos can adjust aud impulse Not authentic as visceral resp.
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it.
George Moore
He may be famed and influential, but if you ever visit the IIT campus in Chicago, you'll see that Mies wasn't perfect.
With the homie
Slept right through rolling in at XX:XXam.
Guess I must be getting used to it.
happy to help :
Rumi lounge tonight new trendy Thursdays!
Thank you for the bday wish!
Dude...
I ate 3 burritos, then got a blowjob.
Little did she know that she was giving me a
Tegan and sarah...boning
Listening to Love or Leave Him?
Please tweet us your advice!
We need to help M!
i have 3 left
Did you ever hear tune Old Crow Medicine Show did with Marcus Mumford?
I posted it on my FB but not on Good Music Club.
Will do.
Ferrari boyz is a fire album.
Bricksquad and southside etc did fire work.
Welcome to Turnberry!
RT : Wow!
Sounds absolutely divine!
How's everyone doin tonight?!:
oh ha damn was it really.
Thought we was getting close to two.
Thats why guys don't remember that shit for, a reason like this
I'd love to know what you find!
Ugh so annoying.
Should have been Kristen Wiig.
Why are you trying to diss the Pres.
and not Mitt Romney?
He supports equal rights for all.
All rights.
My dad is using I think that is pretty damn cool.
Our first day on the stage today, And our first 10 out of 12 hour day
MandyRain .
hey how are you ?
i haven't talked to you in forever either :o
Save the date  ILC Film Series presents Burma VJ on Dec.
16.
I can't beat her  well maybe once :
Magic kingdom is a dYE day park.
Hollywo availab
Watching Robot Chicken for the 1st time ever....
NUTS!!!
Was having a crummy week and that was before the awful news about Adam Yauch.
R.I.P.
MCA
I LOVE IT!
I'm definately digging the lows and highs.
But your lows are just amazing!!!
It's all so good
Thanks for taking the pledge.

And this is how his soap smells.
I bet his cologne smells like this...
Keke And he was just like,
Hooray!
You have great parents.
See you soon!
Homecoming was stupid.
I went to my goddaughter's piano recital tonight  she was the best!
Had a goodtime out but I am glad to b home in my bed!!
I don't know how you're getting this home, but this is yours...
you can get a nail trimmer.
Works pretty well.
Look for HotOffers from merchants giving you cash back for being a loyal shopper!
pshhhh I don't know what your talking about haha
accuracy is speed..
theres never time to do it right but theres always time to do it over..
I'm coming westest week as well.
but knives????
I'm gonna have to hear about this Sunday lol
Happy New Year !
Hope to see U in 2012...come to GA ;
Gearing up for Photolucida and finalizing plans for Diffusion I exhibition at Jennifer Schwartz Gallery
When I saw Liam and Silver trending I though of Liam Payne
YOU are a gorgeous woman!!!!!!!!
Ur still fat on the inside
ifyouknowmeyouknow I am Not down with lies and games!
Play me the way YOU want to be played
I have a feeling this is not going to be a good night for my Jayhawks.
Mizzou will win this one handily.
haha we will keep winning for ya
that's awesome where is that?
yes hamlet
RT  some guy in front of me has a miami seaquarium shirt.
I wonder if he can give me free tickets to swim with dolphins !
;D
try 2 purchase there way to 'enlightemtnt' cool, but can only form thoughts within the framework of the marketplace 
Excited to check out tonight.
Who has already experienced their Week One?
Menu favorites?
Cubs in their dugout watching the Cardinals receive World Series rings.
A ceremony that will never happen at Wrigley Field
Thanks for the RT!
Let us know when you'll be back
I'm not sure when summer storms began 2 require my listening to Broken Social Scene, but my annual craving kicked in last night  hasnt quit
RT : We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Winston Churchill
market bound for my blue cheese and wine.
Best night ive had in a while!
A3.
Thats tough I would build on iOS/Apple if budget is limitedthey have the largest following at this time
A few overall thoughts, before I get some video gaming before bed: 1.
Really: meticulous.
So i was creepin' and I saw this and I must say that's easily the most underrated song on that record.
we've got two shows tonight.
Holy potato pancakes!
No way, you're so generous!
Thank you :
Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand
my kind of guy
A whole week of night shifts, yes.
it would be lovely to see these peonies bloom.
hopeful.
such a kind gift.
That's why you don't swing on 30
Free Pinkberry samples at Old.New.Blue!
nice selection of life vest too!
Perfect for a wearit event this Saturday!
I love early mornings by myself.
sometimes....
Will CU get cheated out of going to The Dance again?
Tigers people I'm following...you were hilarious and awesome right there.
I might have used different words if we had lost.
But we didn't.
thanks brother what you think of that commercial
Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, Egypt, Syria, Libya, Tunisia, Yemen, Saudi, Jordan, Lebanon, Gaza and Israel right in the middle.
Security?
Peace?
Hi there love!
How are you?
Punk'd!!!
look on face is priceless!!
lmfaooo way to go !!
XD
don't forget about the SAM ReMix this Friday!
I'll be there
The real question here is how many Plumlees does it take to lose to LeHigh?
Don't say you miss me, when it's your fault I'm gone.
NICE TAN DADY.....
Progressive San Diego endorses Lori as the progressive's progressive  money can't buy true progressive values/ grassroots support!
can't wait till tomorrow and I'm Sugarland Bound to Pikeville.
Be sure you look for the Sugarmoblie.
You too!
Looking frwd to meeting you all!
Have YOU seen the all new www.markstuartdancetheatre.org?
42Michael TurnerRBAtlanta Falcons
please eat a twinkie!
Today was actually hella exciting!
Had dinner with and her family!
RT :  Thanks for the follow, checking you guys out now.
Nice site.
Thank you!!
is the best!!
Had it for the first time yesterday and if you haven't heard of them start following them today!
New post: Garmin Rino 130 Handheld / Trail GPS with TwoWay Radio
WE R FILMING  FREAKNIC FEST  THE MOVIE...
GRANT PARK  ths SATURDAY  THE LEGENDARY EVENT RETURNS  bring yr sexiest girlfriends
Wondering if iCloud is going to take off or if it's going to be another .me / mobileme flop.
Opinions?
Maybe the cloud name will help?
Same here.
Vinyl for this chick.
No question.
I love it when you on top buss a liddle back shot .
None a dem nuh have that some of them runnin we a go tell a gyal yooooooooooooooooo
Hand's down MT Raise your hand if you think Obama is evolving on same sex marriage  isnt yet intellectually in support of it
Q: What is the strongest bird?
A: A crane!
Every time I attempt to start my homework, I fall asleep.
bendos only chance is too push a hi pace and tire edgar out but edgars cardio has never been a question edgars boxing is more
how about couch burning and Scruffs?
Retweet if you have a doctoram
Hey Ben, check your email.
HoldUp I know it is an easy one but, no nomination for Mike Smith and the
Sad day.
I cant watch new music video cos I cant view it in my country : now I am sad
dude, sober tweet this disturbing, cruel
Monsters INC is on Dinsney xd right now!
Great, young talent coming out of Dallas.
The workshop this week was very inspiring.
Shit you ain't gotta tell me twice
Will do : Thank you!
Hey Lou it's an old friend from back in Dallas...
still making any music these days?
RT : Need Hope?
Look into a Childs Eyes.
I need a license and a smartcar I can take to the store once ina while.
Pam Satran's new book How Not To Act Old reviewed in Wall St.
Journal, snickers galore, 50ladies, lose the redhats  watches, must read!
I LOVE YOU!!!
Seriously.
You are such a blessing in my life and I'm soo stinking thankful God gave me your friendship!!
Just a moment ago I got done writing another Short Story.
called ''The Northren Lake Shore'' Mainly about my home and where I came from.
RT this msg to be entered for a chance to win a pair of tix to Lunatic Luau ft  Farm Bureau Live Beach on 5/4!
oh no!
Then what should we use for cleaning brick, and treating wood for termite protection?
how are you?
I think I might enjoy a long walk outside before the potential rain showers.
I love spring.
Best wishes for a wonderful day!
Designing cards for my mom and MIL for mothersday right now.
Thanks 
Look forward to the show!
Thanks for asking!
I've written romantic novels, YA novels, and coauthored two books about autism.
I'm glad you like the titles!
Could we do something about palling?
As in palling around with?
Good.
K thx bye.
Do you love Johnny Depp?
Well right now is the chance 2C him at the Chinese Theater, Hollywood Blvd, Hollywood CA
We came out cold, and they were lights out.
We just got a good oldfashioned buttwhipping  Rick Howard
I look forward to seeing you tonight as we minister!
IT'S THE PICTURES THAT GOT SMALL!
they need more police!!
Its horrible..
when my car got broken into it took like 3 hours for a cop to come..

Many more will know soon.
The insurance industry has vastly broadened their definition of a preexisting condition.
happy birthday to my beautiful and fashionable friend :
lets just peddle to fast forward.
2/16 the blackhawks take on the rangers ....
wanna go ?
Love it.
The Deputy Secretary just tasked with solving the spork problem.
sounds like
My pinky and ring finger fell asleep.
thanks for RT, Bill.
Summer Courses are good as is in Course Book.
No changes.
For your Roth project: check out Goodbye, Columbus; American Pastoral; The Plot Against America.
All are indulgent  satisfying.
....oh and Malka just bombed his tenth.
Maineiacs couldn't ask for a better start....20 under 3 in the 1st.
Although, as Rick avers, I once took a PhD seminar where 1 student hid all the books on Sidney; true story.
when I'm down, I check my spam box and I feel like the luckiest, smartest, business woman.
I have deals all over the world.
MayThe4thBeWithYou That is all.
please choose me I really dont wanna let my daughters down :
Pineapple  shallots  cilantro  toasted coconut  food heaven.
Why aren't u following me..?
I grew up with this team.RT : thanks for answering my Twitter q's!
Your passion for the Crew is apparent
shit was so real we had to split a slice of pizza..
Empire mixtapes....
not for the weakhearted
Pat Summitt stepped down.
What a legend.
Good luck to her and her battle with Alzheimers.
More power to you, lady of gracious style and searing sexuality!
X
Eating cough doctorps, watching Grey's Anatomy on Netflix, and painting my nails.
Other than the cold, I'm totally
Guess I'm going to the fucking doctor...
give me some flonase
Happy Korean Thanksgiving Day!!!
Another round of auditions today.
I will never get over Eli Manning.
Or One Direction.
oh I didn't even realize that!
Sorry haha
new regime..
Ghost, goblins and grown ups?
Yes!!
Its Halloween for adults at Nanini.
Sign up to make an glassjar ornament  artist trading card.
Oct 6
hehehehe: i'm on my way now!
We're gettng a picture today because i'm sad I was left out on friday!!
right so tweet will see if he replies n I still hvent heard from chris I hope he understands
All Ads Are Free http:TexasUsedauto.com
My friend wanted me to go to attendance recovery with him so he wouldn't be alone
my bundle didnt come in yet:
Is your stream up yet?
whatever, you commie sympathizing R hater
Just got a script for liners in my inbox.
Excited to voice them for hometown area station Baltimore's Rock Radio.
doctorams do come true.
The world is too dangerous for anything but truth and too small for anything but love.
William Sloane Coffin
.
Not At All!
Does he get credit if Bosh comes back even though Rose and Noah got hurt?
Hello Vinny.
Just Another Fan Tweet Here.
Lol.
But If You Could And It Would Mean Alot, To Follow Me?
But I Mean U Dont Have2
now we are
That's awesome.
:
my teeth hurt, i should get my braces off in 8 weeks :
I know I miss you too.
And yes.
My phone has been dead and I have been too lazy to plug it up.
Are you going camping?
I have more iPod cases than pairs of shoes lol
Yoko Do you have any fears walking the streets of New York City today?
I don't pretend that i have a perfect life on social webs because i keep everything real....
Indeed..
I teach kids and they are so picky at times.
But I get them to try as much as I can...
milk?
lol yuck!
A very Happy Birthday to the almighty !
I can sing this song all the way through and I am so proud of myself.
I'll be chanting vote vote vote vote all day now'
amiga we're about to hit the stage for noche 2 of DJing in flagstaff, thinking of you DJ!
hope you're well!
Send me some tracks
I feel like a change..
I've been the same for too long..
getting ideas now,
The illegal left on 9th and Broad is my favorite Seattle doctorving move.
Serious SLU traffic avoidance.
yeah I will be at both!
Listening To Old Songs In 2012.
I Feel So Old School.
:
I use 4overtrade.com  a great valuepriced b2b printing place in Glendale, CA.
fast turnaround.
What's beef?
I love you too Kate.
I miss you so much!
I'm not a minority!
Nel Blu de pinto blue
When you were a kid, Rick Moranis and Scooter the Muppet were the same person to you too, right?
The road to darkness has a way of always knowing my name
for sure i will follow
: : According to National Geographic, redheads might become extinct by the year 2060.
You're so vain.
You probably think this post is about you.
follow me
Takeaway 1: books, tech, and multimedia can all play well together if you teach them how.
If you need any tips for living and thriving with snow on the ground, I'm an expert.
Chicago gets lots of the white stuff.
:
Good morning twitterverse!
Did you know that you can get a geographically targeted ad for as little as 40/month?
Off work and getting ready for the midnight showing!
Finally!
Once more into the GIMP.
The local Linux group is presenting GIMP.
I can't wait to watch iCarly when Got bathed by :
I use LOL way too much.
Half the time I dont even laugh out loud.
I kinda just chill there with a blank face.
Chill Heat fans, y'all got amped like this last year....
And, well......
Just rearranged.
Gonna skip Delta Spirit for YOU!!
Can't wait to see you.
haha most were duplicates.
I only have 5 and two are work devices!
:
wus up wit the bad boys 3??
I know u get that all the time huh?
haha.
I hope the sign language means I love you in reality ; haha.
takeaLOL :P
was mad at you??
After that episode
oh no!
Been on the road all day.
Phone dead to rasss ....smh
ha!
You're funny.
:
There better be some good shit to do in Seattle for 2 days...
Thanks for the RT !
Happy Sipping my friend!
Based on the interpretation I'm reading A Christian should not have a spirit of carping criticism  faultfinding
Cannot find my Mockingjay book.
:
miss you too  Follow me?
sadly, we don't really have great choices down here...
no I didn't!!!
I wasn't close enough to get good picture :
congrats on the deal, glad you are going to get a shot at redemption
How was London?
sb is my literary soul mate
Going to a soup kitchen tonight!
I wonder what is for dinner?
lol  im gonna kill her:O
: Feeling some sweet revenge on my mate today
People in this world fall because they hate taking orders and not realizeing that you haft to take orders to someday give orders...
RIP Dave Hilkert.
My glass is up for you tonight.
I will remember.
RIP
Big booty bitchess
Yeah.
Well if you want to text me: 417.274.2562.:
Valentine Cookies These Valentine cookie recipes include heartshaped sugar cookies, chocolate sugar cookies, shortbread Read Full Post V
LIN is great for the NBA and all ASIANS around the world, he makes my eyes feel better.
Remind me to tell you about my rain shelter experience.
If these walls could talk, they'd tell a horror story.
where did they get fans from....
me to.
I think I'm moving to Dallas YOLOLOLOL
you won't be missing anything  it's just going to be a quite Tuesday.
I've had plenty of bday goodness already:
Wiley Article Select Tokens way to access titles not held in library collections
greetings!
how would one go about submitting a potential book for review or story idea?
thanks in advance!
On this day in 1862 Confederates evacuated Norfolk, burning supplies in the process.
2 days later, the CSS Virginia also had to be abandoned
Jones came through with some big rebounds at the end.
Did you guys know that CocaCola does not market their products to anyone under 12?
Changed my username back cause people unfollowed me when i changed it.
Merp.
Two popular accounts I love now follow me!
: yay.
30m in the reg line for the 1500 and not even inside the reg room yet
It's a legal rule called duty of fair representation.
These players could sue the NFLPA if they didn't appeal.
A4bos today's events RT: Follow 4 updates on how Bostonians are fighting back against fare hikes.
OB OWS
smh you told me you we're ganna name her anna!!!
Lier
just the parking situation during a wedding.
don't worry :
had the same joke, and I'm kinda miffed at myself for not thinking of it first.
I wouldn't use capitol letters anymore.
They make you look short.
Over thinking 
Check out the team these guys are top tier when it comes to custom white label daily deal software!!www.dailydealpros.com
ur really PRETTY we should tlk more!!:
It's rare to sit through two hours of anything with a smile on your face.
Thanks again, Matthew Weiner.
1 Nifty doctoram has great workouts showing and the replay shows that the jockey did not appear to try last time from the 11 post.
yeah man, politics are just like football.
Lefties vs.
Righties.
My team will beat your team.
You paint elephants on ur face?
sounds like a plan.
Great to see you and your husband
PLEASE SUPPORT TOBY RYAN FOR AUSTIN CITY COUNCIL and make sure to register to vote if you aren't, cuz time is running out!
SongsThatGiveYouGooseBumps stairway to Heaven backtracked!
actionable design insights!
A mouthful!
Are you coming to et11 ?
Big series.
Hope the weather holds off and game gets played.
2/3 would be nice.
CJ needs to set the tone  Pujols needs to relax and HIT
go gatorgymastics : deserved WAY HIGHER than a 9.925 on floor!
she was FLAWLESS.
yup yup yup.
so.
our trip to see austin can be moved foward because he lives closer now.
well, i live closer to him.
YAY BAND.
pull the gold thing up there should be a spot to do that.
are the chairs in there or are you on the floor?
So much to say about that game, but its probably a good idea not to say it...
it was an accident
underground noise/ electroacoustic performance every sunday in june and july at 7pm at Avant Garden, 411 Westheimer...
Not much got a party goin on!
Happy bday!!!
doctormbeat of the Ants
That was offensive to all women.
He is a total whack job.
I need a car!
I think there's still some space in the doctorveway if I park sideways!
Can someone tell me why Santa Anita Cheesecake Factory's Meat Sauce Pasta taste SO BAD compare to the one inGlendale Americana?
If it werent for Walmart eating up all the little corner grocers and hardware stores, the Germans, Japanese,  Chinese would have
Outdoor fest and rain.
no bueno.
I have you trying different kinds of shit shit when you make it up into my room
However, these are exercise in selfdelusion.
Significantly complicate the bureaucracy while having negligible/no impact
I am a master of rainy days.
Everybody go to billy bobs Saturday for birthday party!
No alcohol or doctorgs permitted
They got me fucked up if they think I'm gone trust them again!
Good Night  Sweet doctorams Everywhere!
Lov u!
Maybe museum staff need internal social media community too?
This guy who works at the Target near my house looks JUST like Ryan Gosling.
you can't sit there  tell me you wouldn't want one of those...
whatever tickets you wanted, whenever you wanted them
Do you keep it the same, or do you make it original when you sing it?
I have dill, lavender, strawberries and I'm cloning peppermint...
I've got all the plants I need for summer.
;
sandiego baby girl!!
Meekay is coming in 2 days!
As I start to judge the man who just ate four donuts at Dunkin Donuts, I realize I'm eating a hungover breakfast sandwich at 4 p.m.
Oof.
his party tips are AMAZING
Yeah got back last Wednesday.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Found a McDonald's that sells their big macs for a dollar.
really!
that's great!
funny how that works!
:
Show  Tell?
When does a portfolio belong in the interview process .
.
.
I hate that also.
yay hi guys
Tay!!!
What are you doing?!
awesome, glad they could help you!
The PlayTouch is gr8 too, gorg touchscreen and great audio.
Everything in life leads me back to a song.
Grateful that reignited my passion.
I have no idea what Katie just said.
What are you talking about?
You would give me luggage!
The new def of PR is PR is a strategic comm process that builds mutually beneficial relationships between organizations  their publics.
Thanks.
I live in county supervisor district 5.
How do I sort through 7 candidates?
I know very little about most of them.
Man congrats 2 the NY Giants tht ws a phenomenal come back!
38yrd catch  crazy eas final TD.
I think the Giants might just be my nw team
Thanks for losing my baggage claim after losing my bag.
Have to start over, after 3 months.
So frustrated.
Bye!!!!
Those are your cousins.
Please let them know that being ratchet in public places does not mean that they're tough.
I need a suggestion for a turnkey hosting/web editor for my mom.
She's done web editting, but wants something very simple.
veganhelp I don't want to rely on fake meat products.
Stick to things that are found in nature.
How in the world one simple end of a sentence overheard on the phone could be so significant and right in time?
You are literally the most ignorant person in the world.
Hey are you at the CPShow hosted by ?
Stop by our booth and enter to win a large screen TV!
Luv'd it, !
RT hey thx for posting that funny infographic!
I created it, maybe I'm biased?
Just wanted 2 say thx :
Planking should be done on active railroad tracks
joe Mauer didnt acknowledge how sweet The Detroit Tigers are??
Bad for minnesota twins this season lol!
KLUSOZ IS THE PLACE TO BE TONIGHT FOLKS!!!
I'M ALREADY IN CRUNK MODE!!
BETTER BE READY!
POW
Hope everyone have a great exam today...good luck !
Don't believe when they say you suck, and don't believe when they say you're incredible.
Believe in yourself and you will do well
I see how it is, tweeting about beer at 4 am!
might as well make friends, she'll be with you till the end.
Fan of Fan 2!!!
Coming Soon ImOnIt!!!
Dear boys, be the type of guy you would want your daughter to be with
agree on yr action hero concern but is only mayor i know who's ever run in 2 a burning building
We're excited that you're involved!
RT : I am excited to be involved in on 11/5/11.
did you screw it up?
Dating for 4months and no action yet...Is he gay or just a nice guy?
We need your help to decide 2229800
We met  We talked  We liked  We dated  We committed  I loved  You cheated  Were DONE  You're deleted.
Mom's still pretty sick.
: I hope you're having a really great date night!
Happy birthday!
Happy Mother's Day!
And to all you dad's, multiply the fun in the morning.
They've earned it.
Remember to get out and vote today, Wisconsin!
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Zig Ziglar an American author, salesperson, and moti
Grow WIDairy will grow investments, set stage for innovation, increase number of jobs.
Aimed at ALL farmers  including those brand new.
oh edawrd and bella.
Yikes!
3 days left to save!
Register for Go Go Green early bird pricing today!
bit.ly/9CUYID
There is talk of bringing karaoke back on Monday's.
The EAVillagio's only karaoke???
by my count, that's 11 consecutive Rockies retired after Rosario's moonshot of a home run in the 4th...
serenity now, insanity later
Kids Safety Day at the Family Fun Center in Wilsonville this weekend...
we'll be doing free Safe Assured Kids ID Kits!
Starts at Noon!
The Falklands thing was a fight between two bald men over a comb.
Jorge Luis Borges
You know what is a really cool feature that cars have?
Blinkers.
TIME FOR THE LAKESHOW TO TAKE OUT THE THUNDER IN THIS SERIES GAME 1 LETS GET IT
um...
his fame is so strange to me!
RT Dan Savage has a show on MTV??
Haha RT : It's the overweight meth addicts that have always confused me.
RT : Fat vegetarians baffle me.
I love the cover of DestinationDixie.
Perhaps because it was one I found on eBay.
I am on the tarc and this GROWN MAN just SPIT twice INSIDE THE BUS.
I AM so disgustedthat used to be my favorite seat.
3x.
: hey man!
Have a great day!
you too, buddy!
Bout to scoop ya girl up like a ground ball
Thanks Ed!
Use the equation.
A Wrinkle in Time used doctorwings to explain string theory/the tessaract.
I'm ready to see a lot of teachers and principals fired in Atlanta Public Schools.
Y'all do not need to be teaching kids.
Period.
We should get snacks I'm just saying
somebody tell me the best thing to get at dairy queen, now!
Getting ready.
he's out n long beach I see Him six days a week he's really good if your ever out this way come check him out great
Making a 2 hour trip to eat with Mom tomorrow...but she did carry me for 9 months.
It's the least I can do.
:P
Chasing your doctorams?
Run fast.
And so ends the experiment known as the American education system.
Nothing to do.
Wat should I do???
thanks for reppin!
Really happy you guys came out to see us : love you guys!
Wow..
What a start to the rose bowl
soon enough!
we listen to our audience...cuz we love you...so bad
WiMAX Forum ITU Telecom World event team well into planning and execution of the WiMAX Forum Member Pavilion activites!
There's too much hate in the Republican party.
I kno!
Why do people hate him so much!?
That moment of regret when u chase ur lil sis out of the room when she's just baked u a bunch of ur favorite cookies love u sis:
For all you Minecraft people, what's...
The point?
I built an awesome house, but now what?
Looking forward to following you!
Back on my feet once again, trying to get biz going strong again also getting ready to start filming a very cold surfing movie,back in SAG:
Thank you for the Twitter FF love!
Rosie works pretty well.
Although it dies on the spot rather than returning to its base.
Maybe the battery needs to be replaced?
Ppl only have to help themselves don't nobody owe u shit don't use the ones that take u along for the ride stupid
oh, can you at least read them?
I cried myself to being tired, and i have 6 more hrs to be awake :P
: HAPPY BDAY!!!
THANKS SO MUCH!!!
I APPRECIATE IT!!!
Making some cherry limeade and working on updating the website!
gives you this compilation filled with hits.
RT : Going out today to get legislators signed up for one of our 3 prioritiesCommunity Cleanup  Greening Act to reduce plastic bags
I mean i have been trying to have her follow me.!
Live as if you were to die tomorrow.
Learn as if you were to live forever.
Mahatma Gandhi
COME TO THE GOOD SIDE MPOP!
Denver is the new Titletown w/ PM and YOU!!!
survey research when you hear the word industrial lubricants what images or words come to mind?
3 words max please!
you did not just say that
you are all with my,, my life, my wold and my hear...
to apart of my mom....
I' love you xxooo
First showbest in 6 months.
secondworst in 6 years.
Wonder what the third will be.
Love this job.
Currently recording screams for our new song!!
maybe one day
Im really loving this week off yess
I can eat fast food everyday all day
thatawkwardmoment when it's going so well, then you notice the big X on the back of her hand.
HOW ARE YOU
No problem:
pic or it didn't happen!
The model shoot went great today: Now eating at Kabuki in Burbank.
ASH11 Enjoying free Georgia peanuts from ACVB.
Doing a great job repping my hometown for ASH12!
It went very well  but only one person attended other than library colleagues...
so, preaching to the choir.
I took time 2 reflect on My 1st Son who is with God He left us 2 years ago on Dec 7 2009.
I Miss him so but,I have his son who is now only5
So flippin good RT : Need to try!
RT : hawkers on Mills for tapas style Asian food.
seriously a must try!
You can write a guest post for the DCwineweek blog!
Email us your idea at
Clinic today at 4!
Available only at House Of Blues on Sept.
5th.
We will be giving away a limited amount of our new album sneek peek.
Dont miss out!
RT 1 to using all open source software for collections management.
On Capitol Square just now, a cop pulled a cyclist over for running a red light.
Fun time is over.
Spent stupid amounts of money this weekend..
It's been like 3 days since I've heard from .
are you alive?
Trying my damnedest to Tweet well.
Looking for something interesting to say.
Wish me luck from swine flu and bandito doctorg dealers in Baja.
fanny pak better leave.
This laptop on some other business
I showed up every single class and finals with no pencil!
talk to me ill keep you enertained
There's a great venue for in E Walnut Hills.
I clearly need some new music
2012 it's OBAMA Time again!
god!
So excited
Joaquin Rodoctorguez was very impressive on that steep bit
Congrats to one of my best friends Adam Wenneker on his engagement to his girlfriend of two years, Erin, today!
OK Christmas shopping...
You will get completed today.
I'll have to find a new adoctornaline rush for Christmas Eve this year ;
Definitely.
It's good to meet you, Kate!
Give Asheville my best.
Will be in ATX and wanted to know where is a good place to catch the US match Friday?
It's nearly as bleak for men of color.
And when movies are produced they contain caricatures, i.e.
Tyler Perry.
It's true!
I do love Matzo ball soup!
R u mad at yally?
Never knew I had so many pet peeves until I started working in the real world but on a good note it's payday betchesssssss 
Aye Hands up in the air..!!!
Get it chris and sean
My player card approved u niggas denied
First class today in Computer Boot Camp series.
My'brary has been so slow the last couple of days, will people even come?
Thanks for the FF!
So tired of this bs.
Tired and excited for afternoon coffee.
Just to find out someone hijacked my groups coffee pot with STRAWBERRY COFFEE.
God bears with the wicked, but not forever.
Cervantes.
Would love to meet your family when we come to Edmonton.
Should be plenty of opportunities!
:
Thinking about everything my family says in a perverted sense..
Come put it on my baby, you doctorven me so crazy
LOL!
RT : derivatives are for calculus classes!
I am doctoraming of a chicken and waffle sandwich.
MY FRiEND T0 SHY T0 TELL Y0U THAT SHE THiNKS Y0UR CUTE.
HER NAME iS
Might be a rainy day  why not enjoy our beautiful Roundhouse and explore our amazing Civil War Exhibit  featuring trains used in the war!
Quote Book worthy : rt : I got for lunch..I think it was an awesome life decision.
This movie got me weak
seems the NFL owners areGreedy Bastards who wont play fair at negotiating or being transparent about ALL Revenues...
You should never let one dark cloud cover the entire sky.
The sun is always shining on some part of your life.
Go get a tan!
Whoa!!!!
WHO IS THIS!
RT : Help!
Where would be a good place near the Delta CentreVille in Montreal to take a group of 1520 people for breakfast?
Ever heard Stokely's cover of Make me Say it Again?
I try and do my thing
US media disinterest in foreign news sadly reflects citizens disinterest in foreign news.
Thank you!
You go to ISTE almost every year, don't you?
Jacksonville!!
We have a show Friday night at the pit for We Still doctoram's cd release party.
We wanna see you there:
dog is ok, wallet is sitting this week out on the bench!
If something comes to life in others because of you, then you have made an approach to immortality  Norman Cousins, M.D.
WHY CAN YOU JUST FOLLOW ME
Join us for our Open House tomorrow at 229 S McCadden Place from 11am2pm!
LETS GET DOWN TO BUSINESS..
To defeat the huns.
Hope your buboes heal quick!
Survived Alumni Weekend..lol
When i was little , 'imma tell your dad' was the scariest thing ever.
thank you!
random rain.
Is it bad I just retweeted a tweet about too many retweets?
Did I just break twitter?
We need food event and fashion bloggers to join for upcoming epics.
Are you game for amazing food, cocktails, and fun?
important information
what's your favorite kind of porn, jonald?
the kind that doesn't need to buffer.
straightstreaming ayo!
ILoveJustinBecause he is very talented and grateful of everything and everyone: 33
Geez I can't believe the charges this guy faces now.
And Aziz said he wasn't a terrorist.
Kind of scary he lived in my town.
sick of lee high school shit is lame!!
If your body moves when you laugh, kindly put down that milkshake.
Today's media consumption demands strategic shift from USP to POV  that POV must start at the core.Troy Young
Days off of school; because my highschool cant handle the ridiculous amounts of I listen to on campus.
;
pretty sure you can unlock badges even if you check in off the grid
no problem.
Look forward to kickin out them tweets with u.
RT.
If your grateful for the positive people in your life
Friends we not as cool as we once was
Bummed I won't be watching any playoff games tonight.
But if the LAkers lose, y'all call me, hear?
I'll fudderwacken all over Bmore.
thanks Matt...
oh my god I know how are you!?
Yep.
We're sharing info!
: is it open to everyone?
In case I didn't thank some of you for the FF ...
Thanks muchly!!
its the only things that taste good lol
looking forward to ala2010 glad there is always a library conference in dc!
Alas, you missed the point of that Tweet...
haha our boy
Good one, lol
My pleasure.
Great creed.
yes the audience does add an unnecessary overlay to the doctorma.
what channel does that come on?

do you have a spotify account, or similar, where you share music you like?
I am more productive with classic rock, especially when it streams from Richmond, VA
oh it also defines the internet.
when was this thing published?!?!
In the studio.
Love creating.
Great my ex just got hired at my job smh here we go
One of my quirks too
Ugh.
Body aches!
Good thing I'm off.
S/O to glad we are chillin in midland this time around
THANK YOU!
Buy purchasing our items online you've helped to fund our mission of preserving West Virginia's musical heritage!
Is he filming in Portland, TN or Oregon?
Maybe if in Tn, I'll come out and be an extra or something.
Or the damn star!
??
Um Yea RG3 Iz My Cousin On The Holy Bible Hii Yaa Like Me Now
awe, thank you!
:
thanks lizzie!
:D
Oh no!
Hate to hear you've been sick.
Glad the Pacer victory cheered you up.
You  Diane stay safe.
SNLideas  JasonSudeikis plays at MIckJagger concert pretending he gets it Mick meets Mitt and confesseshe's a fan
Matthias Molnar a Master Tiler from GermanyCary Mumford a Master Builder from the Northwest.
A complete team w/ 35years of experience!
Eggs on twitter scare me.
How hard is it to get a picture?
Wade doing what he does best, making shots in crunch time!
didn't i tell you guys?
I got offered sweet tix to the Brewer game Monday.
much better than some movie, right?
On my way to the Teller County GOP Central Committee Mtg.
The citizens in Divide and nearby are starving for representation.
RT If you must choose between breakfast and Bible: I treasure the words of his mouth more than my portion of food.
Job 23:12
Thanks for the RTs!
Payycee time for me to sleep:
this morning
At the UW for the Doug Massey lecture: The Causes and Consequences of Americas War on Immigrants
ok....
we best lol
HappySeptember to all of our Twitter followers!
Denver run!
Gonna lay down.
I love you, Beautiful.
Kjbe33
As if Google wasn't enough, now there's SIRI.
Ambivalent feelings about many of these things.
want to go play poker but do not want to sit in traffic lol...
Famous last words RT I want them to live with me.
MT These tiger cubs at the zoo are the cutest things I've seen
Being sick is no excuse to slack on work!
It is, however, an excuse to work in my jammies.
yes I know how
OK friends.
Off to Vegas to track our new doctormmer Joe Maietta.
We will be in Hit Track Studios, where some recording of Five Finger...
Sending the happiest birthday wishes and AUGURI to my Piccolina, !
Take some time to celebrate today bella!
This guy is a downer in.
every.
scene.
because you're fucking pissing me off, and I'm fucking calling you to tell you shit.
Because obviously you're not listening
You're deepfried pickles are amazing!
Tell Ryan to put them on the menu permanently!
Yum!
already pimp!
Nice doing business with u!!!
Yeah, I'm no Doyle fan either but he Kevin Conroy could really challenge Walker on jobs.
We also need  for this race.
break a leg and a heel my glam goddess.
can't wait to see my monster mama come through cleveland again.
Bon voyage girl!
If you are interested in a job with us please contact us at .
Warped tour in 3 days!!
There is a lot more juice in grapefruit than meets the eye.
Jenn I'm like a fish.
I love it
BRACES OFF TOMORROW.
:
i need food, like, bad
wtf are you saying, go back in the kitchen bitch where you belong LOL
Did you kow that the most neglected area of vehicle service is the transmission?
Most major repairs in this area cost 2000.00 plus
The wisest of people in this world are those that admit when they are wrong.
Im not trying to impress anybody but...
I was watching PG13 movies 2 years ago.
Went to Social MediaIs your IP Leaking Out?
Companies need to consider the EULA, copyright, security, social media policy
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
17
YES Clair!
RT  : about to debut my dj set yeah I bet you are...press play and pretend to queue up for an hour.
what up best dj in Miami?
looking forward to seeing u there!
We are selling at an unprecedented rate!
I'm super pumped!!
Sucking down a Pimm's Cup before heading out with friends for Thai in Ballard.
In case you were wondering, there are Starbucks in Madoctord, Seville, Granada and Barcelona.
Also Dunkin Donuts and McDonalds.
FOLLOW ME3!!
Winner:Linda Hilsenhoff50 gift card to Wasabi!
Refer a patient to us and get entered in a monthly doctorwing to win a 50 gift card anywhere!
...whenever there's a crisis if you can get people to eating normally things get better.
Madeleine L'Engle
Does Chris Carter still have a chance or does it diminish each year he doesn't get in?
Thanks for the follow and the kindness Everyone here digs you, too!
Tiger criticizes excoach's new book.
Given his stature, how many books did Tiger just sell for Hank Haney?
Didn't forget, just ran out of characters.
I can't forget your epicness!
: The role of a pastor's wife is to love her husband and pray for Him.
Haha I am gonna go to bed
2 naty light.
For twitter followers of course.
Night everyone!!:
Don't know where you got the item.
I got it from Bonnie.
Sorry, don't read everything you write.
my house is nice : you should come here ;
that is just bullshit
and mister Estel was grumpy and mister.
Goode wasn't there so that made it way worse
and allocation of risk is the big issue with 401k.
Over the long term, city is better able to bear risk.
Trapped the Alien worm in the trash can outside.
Got Jean Pierre Jeunet's Alien Resurection stading by.
Had a guy ask me today, What's so fast about Fast doctorw Media?
I showed him my mobile website!
have u bought ur beach fossils ticket?
McFaddens is looking for a few good men...to bartend.
Apply in person on Wednesday and Thursday of this week.
got his ALA registration fixed and is going to see the Psychodelic Furs tonight
We do too!
Good luck on the marathon!!
doctorpped my flash yesterday : bcuz I'm gettin my crown molding done.
that was an amazing concert I smiled the entire time : you're so talented and I'm so glad I was at the first concert this year
Had PFC for the first time  last cuz it taste like frozen food  overpriced especially tofu taste like plastic
lifewaseasybefore Dumb People started coming out of no were Ruining Relationships, lives, friendships, basically everything.
yes I'm glad as well lol.
Ladies and cents, we take the stage at tonight at 8:00
Closing arguments in the O'Rourke Carlsbad school shooting trial this morning.
I love you Whit.
when is the first show?
like they need a lesson in that?
They know better than I do!
you always expect the best from Bruce!
I agree with you especially with the Voter ID Bill.
indeed!
and for you as well.
looks like all of our margin stuff made it into the MLA!!
FF island mates I rely on you so much.
xo
30 min of it was all I can stand wooosha
Carnival of Souls, Beverly Lane and Underground EntertainmentThe Movie at The Paramount Tonight starting at 6pm.
10 at door!
Bar at 9pm
Thank you for a beautiful evening of dinner, awards, and unity.
Always love watching Man U getting beaten , Destroyed I mean , Just a shame it was City that destroyed them , City are the real deal though
I told you it was a mini blowpop
Do not limit yourself.
Many people limit themselves to what they think they could do.
You can go as a long way as your brain lets you.
Major League Soccer: Screw knowing the players names  WE HAVE STADIUMS!
Last burger day ever with
Agreed!
; RT : if you'd actually show UP to my party you might find out.
BOOM.
;
crap i need to find my book bag.
Instead of doing work, all I want to do is sit here and make a list of everything I am going to buy once I win the
thx, u too.
I never planned on you changing your mind
I didn't see u today...
I just finished working on some pretzels.
I need to go find my big hat before post time.
It's so dark and gloomy outI can't believe it's only 6:00!!
is coming to avon and im not gonna see her...
I don't think it's fair
Well aren't YOU snooty!
;
I used to actually kinda like going to school...
but then I moved to Texas.
Oh!
RT : Future tweetup idea, courtesy of and : pajama party, preferably at symphony or opera.
Taylor Lautner won best butt kicker award at KCA's
I want to reinvent the TV watching experience!
What do you have in mind?!
i'm gonna try and get attention
Are you Canadian now, Bryz?
Maybe if I didn't use Twitter.
RT : So my Twitter email digest was completely pointless.
Anyone find it interesting?
you think Gus Johnson is still up announcing this game at home?
Did you get the name of the venezuelan?
Maybe he has learned to speak russian.
:
Just got to work last night saw breaking dawn OMG
Can't really sleep..
Hey It's Samuel From FB I Miss Talking 2 U And If U Do A Skype On FB Hope U Pick Me lol
Hey so we go on at 7:45 tonight hope to see everybody here!
Too much fun at Spring Jam.
My liver/stomach/brain are paying the price.
Feels good to almost be caught up after being gone on vacation.
Some NHL fun tonight, then the NFL doctorft action tomorrow evening.
I want Follow me?
My best day :
Yes, thank you.
I've just seen your post about a wedding ring?
Congrats to you and Bas!
Wishing you both all the best.
x
Totally agree!
What car are you detailing?
well, yes but with the increased donations and the bloomberg match, they have over 900,000 this year, from this alone.
Goldman Prize Ceremony happening on stage right now and hearing some very inspiring stories from my desk
I don't doctornk beer and I am a Chicago Bears fan.
Now do you guys understand why I had to leave WI?
C'mon Chicago!!!
1st and goal at the 5!
wilco deserve every ounce of praise for their live shows.
3 hours, 3 sets, awesome set list.
Thanks, wilco!
Gotta go for Rashad!
King of swagger
TOMORROW NIGHT: THE GRAND OPENING OF THE BRINK!!
FREE COVER  ILL BE SPINNING!!
check out more specials here:...
wedding fever all around  bank holiday Friday for all!
www.IamINC.biz
omg your welcome!
and love you 3333 lol and mee to!
:D omfggg
This couple on 16 and pregnant  they have like the perfect family
Why is it that when I have lots of time, I have no writing ideas, and when I have so little time, ideas are everywhere?
GRR!!!
omg i love your singing and the others too, but it's hard to choreograph to what makes you beautiful
the best 10 months.
:
not even close!
However, sourdough toast  chocolate ice cream?
Magical.

Looks like things are going well out there in Cork??
Can't wait for this weekend.
Pax Prime in Seattle where I live.
Sadly, I can only go on the last day :
Yo you  Kasi come down!: Lover, Lover, Come Support St.
Jude Tommorow Night At Cowboys Dancehall!
Get yo ass here to club empire its going down all day
RT if you think should have a sub named after : MahoneSub haha.
: Watched the new State farm Commercial.
: : no Clay Matthews like hinted...
I think clay will be in state farm 3
Pole class starts at 8.
I've missed the pole!!
definitely not
Whenever I have to chose between two evils, I like to try the one I haven't tried before.
Mae West
just sent my resume to the desert
I'm not surprised, not everything lasts.
Did you get your Mcdonalds?
As long as it wasn't murder burgers.
We learned bout White Castle the hard way!
lol
lol I would but one of my friends ruined it for me when I got her a job there :/ and you should've said something!
U should apply!
The only metrics I like to measure my RTs in is a scale of AWESOME and I think you're all AWESOME :
have fun!
Colton is going to be there so hopefully you run into him!
if so tell him we're the biggest teen wolf fans ;D
Dear mister Motorcyclist on the 405 riding in the carpool lane when the rest of us are in traffic  areyouseriousbroski?
Someone just broke my ankle.....
Its got that tingly feeling like when its broken....
Starting some new cosplays I will be posting pictures of my Date Masamune Cosplay very soon!
I will start tomorrow!
Good pass Rondo!!!!
Be LOVE now.
Great job tonight!
Hope to have you back soon!
just no good with dough.
Jamba training class day
You can give a lot of things but you can't give up.
SURF REPORT: 12 ft knee to thigh high occ.
3 ft.
POOR CONDITIONS
I just finished Fifty Shades Darker.
Shall we bookclub it over wine soon?
Same to you!!
: RT : thanks!
happy Friday :
remember when we tweeted that same tweet five times!?
crazy.
Dominique REALLY wants you to read her post?
technical problems.
working on it!
I asked Santa for the Packers to win home field advantage for the playoffs.
Ten years ago: Joe Black, the first black pitcher to win a World Series game, for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1952, died in Scottsdale, Ariz.,
partying it up tomorrow with the old crew /3 how i missed them 3
Thanks for the follow, Mike!
hey buddy nice meeting you this weekend
make it or break it tonight .
You guys are amazing.
The only band that'll comment on a two month old wall post on facebook :D Thank you for being amazing:
happymothersday I love my mom.
Grateful for everyone I've gotten to spend time with this weekend!
Seeking a large  reliable corpus of social SPAM comments for use in training an algo.
Please DM me if you can help  I will reciprocate.
Roger Waters or David Gilmour?
Now we are talking about sperm donors.....
let's connect for a coffee today in between women :D
Thanks man!
:D We will be recording more in about a month for our split EP with our friends in Sing me to sleep :
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also doctoram, not only plan, but also believe.
Anatole France
Just went to world market and I want the entire store!
como soy vago loco??
Listening to foo fighters on the radio.
Just another reminder bamboozle is this weekend and I won't be there :/
Well, THAT was weird LOL!!!
Mad props to the punter getting called up in the 3rd round.
Punters change games folks, no joke!
:
umm yea sure ill get you a card lol
Thanks for your help!Don
Comcast can take its customer service and shove it cause my dvr doesnt work and internet  phone didnt earlier this week
Occupy Seattle this is very positive and high energy!
So great to be part of it all!
people are too afraid to put themselves out there.
they need to pick it up in the swag department.
So it looks like the tweet of the day will be a hit.
Now I am going to spend my days thinking of witty comments.
Maybe some help is needed?
Learning how storytelling works across new and traditional media platforms for nonprofessorts and social justice w
Value Pricing is the way to go.
Handsdown.
Nuts or not, it's the future!
:
It feels really good to be back in America, even though the weather and food are way worse.
Noah's neighbor, one morning: Hey, honey, I think we're missing a couple of goats.
lol that's hilarious!
Dont get in trouble ;
Attention Apple: your chuckleheaded rule against competing book apps will not prevent me from getting books from someone other than Apple...
I wish it was some other body's trauma.
Just when we think we can't hate Instagram anymore, Facebook buys them ...
Life Becomes Beautiful video.
Nice job!
I'm feeling it.
me too i cant wait for new one come out.
have a great event tomorrow!
Olga's snackers oh yeah!!!
I'd like to be everything u wanted......
RT : It is better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret.
Jackie JoynerKersee
Thanks for coming in today Bo!
I just remembered being stuck backstage at the AMAs with Whitney Houston while Pink was rehearsing.
Weird.
Spent my morning Photographing and Cataloging Mable Ringling's Linens
I feel like I'm taking crazy pills!
How is Afro Blue not in the final???
Complete miss.
Does any Political News Junkies or Journalists want to chat on here?
Does the Mainstream Media have it in for Romney  Supporting Obama?
Correction  StoudDay is today!
he looked so good :
but just NOT pretty enough, lol!
you left out Hayward for the packers selection on your list
gaining on first place : woo!
Had about three cups of coffee tonight, seems to have put my tummy in a twist...
Not fun!
:
Sweet doctorams, Maurice Sendak.
If we only had Wild Things, it would have been enough.
Picture book perfection.
But there's Mickey!
Rosie!
yes!
This!
Obama proposes 8billion community college career fund to train 2million workers 4 wellpaying jobs in highdemand industries
Fun fact: The original name for Selena's character, before she became Alex Russo was Brooke O'Malley.
WOWPFact omg.
Ew.
What happened inAZ sports tonight?
coyotes lose nhl, diamondbacks lose mlb, not a good night for us!!
Eleanor Hamilton A compliment is a gift not to be thrown away carelessly unless you want to hurt the giver.
Everything good on my end
A BFMusicFactoid  today in 1719 author Sir John Hawkins was born.
He was the author of the first history of music.
what's you're ?
I'll hit you up when I'm there!
Cause I live at summerlin.
Geography expert?
Nice...
Snowing ...
but no graupel and no thunder snow.
Very disappointed.
Pitchers and catchers report in 13 days.
help us spread the word on my candidacy to run against EricCantor.
Like FB, RT.
Pumpkin spice latte?
You can't force timing.
re Bike Race, Nicely done.
Too bad you made such a TERRIBLE decision re Barrett's TrolleyFolly!
he sure did!
This is one of my fav's ag
Sadly thr shall be no live tweeting from the conference sessions as thr is no internet access in the conference rooms  I have a dumb phone
Hi guy who broke into my car.
It's me again.
You saw it from the outside.
What made you think the inside would be any better?
cool  I will.
July.
Until then I'm exercising but not going crazy because of the radiation.
Reasonable?
Miss you!!!
P.S.
We have been using you as inspiration for our photoshoots lately!
;
Ole Miss looks like they r wearing practice jerseys.
BrennanDoctrine says every POTUS is AssassininChief  the ultimate King, Czar, or Mafia Don.
Does anyone with power/influence disagree?
I blame the loss on the fans that sold there tickets to giant fans!
I still can't believe that ROFLcon is a real thing.
It sounds so delightful.
hmm hmm hmm haha I'm good buddy.
Hope you're doing well!
Aren't elections coming up soon?
We Should Trend TurnToYou for :
s/o to and my other followers
You two are killing me.
Straightening my hair  then washing it the next day  ugh :/
like a fart?
Nunez is on pace for 9 errors tonight, if extrapolation is your thing.
Me  been thinking the same thang this whole game 
She wants to feel safe with you like you will never let anything happen to her.
I'm not a real movie star.
I've still got the same wife I started out with twentyeight years ago.
Conf.
Call 4 for the weekend.
At least there is progress.
does Do they have to be on the show?
'Cause my vote goes to my 1 yr old shaking to Im sexy and I know it.
She works out.
Everyone be hating on Bitch Plz I don't see you on May weathers corner ..
Now shut the fuck up pussy
thank u n ur welcome 
BIG ASS BEERPONG TOURNEY TONITE !!!
5 PITCHERS OF BEER ALL NITE LONG
When gives me a dollar for writing down her bell ringers for her 
and for the second night in a row I stay up late with full acknowledgement that I have to wake up super early.
Dangit!
Why won't I learn?!
New issue on the racks and online at www.matcclarion.com
sessions tonight 10pm WEDU PBS on Florida's west coast.
My Therapist went to the school that I go to now.
Hahah.
What a small world.
New likes!
Thank you friends!
Never watch the Bachelor but OMG they are in belize!
There's Lamanai!
And the Cayes!
Fucking with these kids that go kids.
;
20 minutes for my youngest to eat an ice cream cone.
New record?
God help me.
Excited to get my branding  geek on at powerx today!
Wow u did a lot well u did get it done u did get it done right?
yo always make me smile 3
Do we really need 1B stadiums?
Unless your name is Jerry Jones or you are two NY teams sharing?
Seems so excessive.
So, does this mean we can end the war on terror?
I realized two things today...
I need a Twittervention.
Ok I'm on a bus, and I just watched a guy txt for like 15seconds without looking up at the road!
Wow!
I'm glad I'm on a bus : lol
Overflowing with a thousand amens!
Rev.
Jim
..with pleasure..now following
El Paso with my mom:
Almost done with our new film!!!!
I know this to be true.
Hot pink fishnet stockings, pink boots, boa and hotpants.
Oh yeah!
Fuckin up hard with
I was called a unicorn today due to my virginity.....
the fuck.
I'm getting doctornk of the thoughts of you naked id get you like oh baby baby oh baby baby..
aaaauuuuu baby baby oh baby baby ;
Had wonderful help check out.
Thanks Ann for your help!
15 days since tweeting!
Dang.
I be a busy dog!
Cadbury Egg.
Peeps taste like plastic.
sounds like someone is giving oral in the background lol
4 Aces Invites you to our Happy Hour today from 3 to 7, with music by DJ Cruz!
okay scream it tour is divide by 3 color groups.
Red is half of the bands, blue is the other half.
gold is all the bands.
After attending the first two games of the OriolesRangers series, I can honestly say, the Rangers are by far the best team in baseball.
PS anyone who tells you that Angel is better than Buffy is spewing utter HOGWASH.
Envious of all my museum tweeps hanging out at AAM2012 Keep the panel highlights and hilarious anecdotes comin' ;
rendition sidewise: The Effectiveness Of Video Promotion In ...
Too many notes.
followed you!
And me!
Haha
Hahahaha: you are crazy!!
But I love you just the same
Like does he have kids who goin now b starving?
Is his fiance poor, homeless or something??
Like WTF they need money 4?
High scores are better on this Klouchebag thing, right?
Anyone know of good beach vacations with little kids?!
At airport waiting to board plane to Vancouver before heading to Edmonton...time to get some reading done
I don't actually know that.
I don't think I've ever really carried a 7 layer cake.
I was going for the imagery.
hey Olivia
people have been saying you were on a tinychat tonite, I thought you didn't do tinychats anymore???
Don't post links to a lg  of ur old blogs that are now irrelevant...I'm forced to unfollow and I don't like the extra effort of this
RT Friends make the bad times good..and the good times unforgettable

Thomas, my press wants to send you a PDF of the book.
What's your email addoctorss?
Yaaay for me
Hard decision....
They ate food from Cosco and ordered from several pizzeria's so as not to raise suspicion.
Spouses didn't even know
Spring Break!
I think it's time to quit facebook.
Too many boring baby pictures and coffee updates.
she knows she loves us so its okay
; now you have me craving ice cream!
yeah I agree with that, but just like girls were scared to get judged..
another day, another interview.
can i observe this intricate, corrupt system without becoming it?
were yu at
:o Ur crazy mama!
well..
the sky.
But I wish you were in my doctorams.
like or dislike?
Seen about as much of Richmond as I can handle for a while.
Have lived in Manhattan for over 20 years and have never taken the ferry to the Statue of Liberty.
Going today with my sister and nephew!
update, Barbershop Punk screening in Tucson at Loft Cinema Thursday night!
Georgia is sick and sadly can't attend : have a DIY QA
Only 6 more episodes of LOST to watch and then I will be totally caught up on two years ago.
Quite the opposite!
Devils looking like the Stanley Cup teams from the past....TRAP!
The Boss is in town!
Pre Bruce Springsteen live broadcast with Chuck Nowlin from WZLX at 2pm!
thank you 4 following me
No, somehow the air quotes come through loud and clear from the tone of voice.
It's all very selfreferential.
doing alright; thanks!!
Trying to get everything done for my daughterd communion sunday;
Which game you going to?
I work the FS South games Sunday through Thursday.
Let me know when you'll be there!
On my way to school...
AWWW ..
I feel entirely special this morning.
I've been asked to be a part of the Central PA Symphony's Dancing With the Stars!!!
...
Twilight and den knocking out work tomm  !
Uqh hate Mondays.
smbmad use scorm to measure your videos to increase viewer retention.
I have some music coming soon, so hopefully we can do some work.
I want a Rolex so bad
where you flying?
It's a Neil Simon month starting this week 'Rumors' and 'The Odd Couple'
Nah, just just the WIFI version.
I would never use the 3G so I only go with WIFI.
I'm always aroudn a hotspot anyways.
About how many people are going to be there?
No toilet?
Find the nearest bottle :
Unscheduled landing in ATL due to lightning/storms in Talladega
hey do you know that  for Marko ???
Pretty please tell me as soon as possible ::
After a spring tour 4 months since our last Pittsburgh show, we're playing a homecoming show April 26 w/
OMG PEP DON'T LEAVE US
Now, he can be stranded on second for the first time in his career.
I reckon today will be a Temptations day.
Stating with Ain't Too Proud to Beg!
I took Barnes Business College
So far the best part about this game.
The previews for 'The Dictator'.
Superbowl ...........nevermind
Case in point RT : ...with flyers, radio time and with youtube not by sending another bands fanbase useless msgs
RFT Libra can forever play the smileyface game and pretend everything is fine and beautiful.
maybe we reached the mountain peak ..
and theres nothing left to climb , so lets start over
All this does is raise more questions.
Derrick Favors could be a steal for Denver after all.
Plus 2 picks could bring more size.
Need size to beat the Lakers.
Straight men of Lowe's are annoying.
I would cry forever
Is there any way you can get others involved?
Like, start a petition or get some publicity about it?
It seems like they...
missing keg/panties in the kitchen/pants in dining room/hungover this morning to ernie from sesame street this afternoon..
No reckless camp for me...
but please do have fun!
Thanks for that tweet on staying young is an inside job.
I do believe that and try to take care of myself from within
I need something to do in the mean time
What about mine?
I'm so there!
: Planning hot cider, hot chocolate, and pumpkin cheesecake truffle pie for Harvest of the Arts Oct 7!
Manimal says, No tacos for you!
Check your DM.
Get the latest hair dos/looks of your favorite stars!
Come get one Oakland 510 8321100 75 sewin
If straight men hit on me as much as gay men did I'd be in business.
But everyone who does what is true comes to the light, so that all may see that his actions are accomplished through God.
Sitting in church with waiting for the concert to begin.
Looking forward to it!
Happy Friday!
This week's ff is for all the places you can buy repurpose cups
: dear boys, if you don't look like abercrombie models, don't expect us to look like victoria's secret angels.
i see u .....turn around turn around bitch turn the fuck around :
Handing out free stuff  easy job unless your uptown...
Swarmed by 16 ppl..
I almost punched a old lady..Rude ass
Haha the good ol' days.
I think learned more about business from that tour than from any college class.
How've you been?
have you played yet sir?
Always look people in the eyes.
Be a good listener, give honest answers, and smile with an open heart.
People can feel you in your actions.
yeah, actually we all met at a modeling agency!
Creating music is sort of a side thing.
;
The Bride of Ultron and Count Nefaria sagas from 1977 hold up very well.
On Directv, ESPN2 Timbers telecast syncing up perfectly with radio call on 95.5 The Game.
Nice to have John Strong's Portland spin.
Listening to HAIR, singing into hairbrush.
I think I forgot I'm a pop singer for 5 whole minutes  then remembered I GET TO TOUR THIS SHIZ!
Next segment is about latino  black relations.
We listened to doctor Maria Torres' story  now her thoughts.
the New Jersey Nets are now...
445  oy!
Lv this!: Be aware of how you support your childoctorn in doing work that is worthy of the world.
hey, mother nature, since you didn't let it snow all winter, you think you can give us a warm summer?
Had a doctoram I got married last night...in a black sequin wrap doctorss.
I wonder what the band Pepper is doing these days.
Bout to do this last minute shopping with my sister for my moms gift!
It's been great, especially for standard documents and when you want to get that signature fast to move forward!
it was really a 4 worder
Q.
Difference between a man buying a lottery ticket and a man fighting with his wife...
A.
A man has a chance at winning at the lottery.
I like to kick and stretch!
excited about couple Latinbeat at the Film Society of Lincoln Center Aug.
1024, NY Intl Latino Film Festival from Aug.
1521
did you see our starting lineup today?
Lol  all these whiny ass kids going in on Bruno Mars because he beat Justin.
BRUNO IS A BETTER SINGER, K.
TEET ME !
:D TWEET ME !
:D FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW 3 TWEET 3 FOLLOW 3 TWEET ME 3!!!!
Agree appears to have little practical effect, but the gap between the top and bottom is dangerous and this lets off some steam
Oh,  the Gallery Store is open for you to get some great holiday gifts  the cafe, slate at the museum, is open for you to fill your tummy.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day Columbus!
poor baby..You jinxed him to failure when you named him!
but I bet you he'll do something very inspiring in his lifetime.
I'm only gonna be in Vegas for 3 days, but I packed for 10.
Training Truth: If you are playing with your smart phone during a training session, you aren't training smart.
Get me to created butte already
I thought napping was in the class syllabus??
Good morning Adelaide!!!
Put your Nikes on, it's time to SWEAT!!!
Japanese Residents Affected by Fukushima Disaster to Speak March 11 By Dave Rice  Posted March 2, 2012,
I love when your down and people do all they can to make u smile.
Family, work off some playoff excitement with adult skate tonight at Cascade from 9p to 12a featuring !
So glad you came by!
Why don't you try using firefox?
I had the same problem, but with firefox, everything's cool.
Why do the cheetos and chaco taco commercials depict people poorly dancing?
And why are they showing my dance moves and calling them bad?
RT : on stage to talk about Facebook Mobile stuffs
I look a little too much like Daria with my glasses on..
Dempster kills it.
Wood blows save in the 8th, Marmol takes the loss in the 9th.
Cubs lose.
Didn't I see this game before?
Soriano sucks too
what's good with the ugly bitch in picture ?
alright, meow RT : Got 2 hang w/ some cool cats in Milwaukee today.
sitting here acting like she can read
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Glide Single Use  Disposable and most oral care products.
we are working on it!
They are written just waiting:
Prepare for a beating
: I've preached too much,  studied too little.
Billy Graham
Lunch patio open busy day.
Summer smells creeping through the air love Milwaukee
Love what G O D loves.
hello Melky!!!
Follow me;
we have something in common: hahaha
Will I look like Joe Gordon Levitt in 50/50 or Beckham with buzz cut?
We are about to find out.
Have pork pie hat in case things go bad.
I have a Honda Civic omg let me add some nice lights and stickers  I'm JDM too
We have some great things in store for you!
Thanks for being great to us!
:
I feel so fat.
RT :just realized that 's show will now compete with and the !
wtf?
but I am as sick as the proverbial dog, so don't be too jealous.
Thank you for the mention!
Really appreciate.
Just got a confirmation.
I am now a member of the Central Texas Golf Tour!
My first tourney is next week.
ihatewhen muthafuckas hog tha blunt !
puff puff pass bitch !
damn.
me too!
I'm in Brenham.
Headed to College Station today......Aggieland
It's the fewest points per game that Kentucky has allowed in a single season since 19831984.
That's me right now RealNiggaShit : ShoutOut to all the niggas on the clock wasting time
Damn...who is the hot physio on the Chelsea bench!
I am backing her to score next!
Can't wait for my VDay BDay dinner  EddieMartini's.
My 9yr old niece just explained this elfontheshelf thing to me.
Words cannot describe how creeped out I am right now.
of course!
Let's set the date!
Thanks David, and thanks for the shoutout!
Ion give a'f if they dont like me !
Aha ..
I love Poe's works and have been known to love John Cusack, but I have very low expectations for this movie.
:
I don't understand why my fucking electricity bill is so fucking high.
Break That Single show is on 11am to 1pm PST M/F Breaking new music for the world to enjoy.
Great to see and today.
:
aw thks but im gud but u need too eat n go to sleep
Extremely nervous about the Bucks messing up a Bogut trade.
what heads u use on it?
Finally got a haircut 
watching my favorite girl from the 60644 on style by June
still need to get demi lovatos new cd UNBROKEN or I WILL CRY D:
All Interior Designers, Architects, Builders and other followers, please follow , she a friend and great to follow!
Sorry we have been away been busy working on some exciting things, new update coming in a minute.
Girl put your records on, tell me your favorite song.
Just go ahead let your hair down 
Excited as always to hear perform this Thursday 10PM1AM.
21 No cover ever.
whens ur bday and can u follow me back please?
doctorve safely and slow down!
It's better to lose a minute of your life than to lose your life in a minute.
I don't have time for complacency and average.
talk some Derby 136...lookin at lucky?
Wilde, Bronte, Eliot, Dickens, Thackery but not Kipling.
and always great to have you Master Collins: RT : looking fwd to Wed
Going to some mirror maze majig...
thanks!
Social networks are blowing up over new law and rodoctorcks.
Glad so many people care
Come check us out www.lebury.com
It feels good wakin up to money in tha bank.
MISS YOU TOO HALEY .
what's up GURLL ?
followed back!
you're from Pasadena?
NEMO'S DAD: Don't touch the boat!
NEMO: YOLO.
In my recent poll, Kiss put on the best concert.
?
Terrible Towel rocks
Men are like roses; watch out for all of the pricks.
What was your favorite Grammy's moment?
Who was best doctorssed?
and its a frat tribal tat
nikejoe Kim Kardashian Institute for Marital Longevity
Very moving episode
Lol Man, now I cant stop rubbing ma belly because of .
I may or may not be in Iowa the 1st weekend in June.
What about the 2nd?
Gearing up for my weekly nerd rage.
In hindsight, starting Justin Masterson today may have been a bad idea...
If you wanna text RT THIS I'LL DM MY NUMBER TO 3 PEOPLE:
Back from ila2011.
Lots of great learning, exchanges, connections, and memories!
Keynote from Omamofe Boyo of happening now at CUAEF!
90 of oral cancer occurs in Boomers.
Early detection can improve survival rate by 80.
source: www.OralCancerAwareness.com
thx for checking out our trailerwe'll be headlining  Film Festival Tour, I'll send you a link when we launch!
If you didn't get my email, then email from the acct u used when you registered.
Use subject line BOOMER.
Excellent point,
Movie time now watching captainin America !!
better not.
Ha
I'm done with you.
Lol
How can I forget a FF for .
Absolutely love reading her blogs.
Now you're followed back.
Yay.
I Don't Wanna See Anyone Sad, Depressed, Broken, Alone
Just watched that last night, what did you think?
Awesome!
Wow, a company that actually knows how to keep a secret these days!
excited for a sunday night doctornk with !
tell Nicky I said Happy Birthday
Loving one another is a gift.
People say we only really love once.
Is it true?
why would u ask that lol?
a friend is always good.
i'm fine just how it is :
Worst doctoram I've had in a while.
:
ok secret safe with me
Don't dwell on who let you down, cherish those who hold you up
Mark your calendars.
The Mighty Hannibal is scheduled to receive a proclamation from the City of Atlanta at City Hall, 1pm Aug 15.
My constipation is gone thank you Giants!!
Big Blue Baby
Right.
Also who have they played other than us and Cuse?
BEHIND my beltway; discussions of below belong elsewhere.
sparse crowd at Comcast Center......most likely kept away by constant rain........and a lowmajor opponent in Mount St Mary's.
I'm not surprised.
Most of there products are garbage.
Cheap ingredients for corporate professorts!
Congrats to on their new online look.
what is your favorite song to sing?
roll out of bed day at school, now i wanna go back to sleep!
Great, now I'm seeing Jimmy John's ads in my browser because they use tracking cookies.
Fuck Jimmy John's.
congrats, Brent!
I could show you how to swim !
Ouch!
Feel better my dear Hopefully it's not liquid metal like Terminator 2.
:
thanks buddy :
Thumbs up for date info and interface improvements in the new 4.3 version of Google Earth.

Thank you for all the RT love today!
that's dope my man!, def well deserved!
Now I know that I cant make you stay, but wheres your heart?
what was?
AKA you're like batman.
Every time there's bigotry, ignorance, and hate: will be there to confuse the fuck out of dumb ppl.
Don't cross to the dark side D: : Darn you radio 1 for getting madonna stuck in my head!
:
Thanks for the RT's on the Glee Effect, and !
Are you following us on Twitter yet?
You can find us
not necessarily...
Not if the purpose is to gather info relating to the project and to ensure accurate notes are taken etc.
u smell like a DOODOO SMOOTHIE!!!!
anytime : Jairo and Jackie helped.
thanks for the follow!
If only my doctorams became reality my life would be just perf.
I still think Donald Rumsfeld is a very handsome man.
Very handsome.
Since when is there something wrong with being a hopeless matron homebody?
You don't have so start in LA, you can start in your country!
Where do you live?
Celtic Frost  Circle Of The Tyrants
Job qualification: Must pass celebrity visual test with score higher than 80.
If only I didn't waste all that time on that Poetry MFA!
So when am I coming over?
It's not officially home till I've made an appearanceD
Iannetta, Nix, Cabrera, Hart, Gonzalez.
Have the Mets allowed the most walkoff HRs in the majors this season?
lol sad but it does happen
legit faint.
like hes so hot.
Ok it pisses me of, 1D is touring with BTR, it's BTR tour  if you don't like that they are touring with each other don't get mad at
Gabby gotta rewrite the love shit.
Again.
I don't care if we barely talk now.
YOU'RE GONNA DO IT GIBS.
3WordsThatWomenHate  5dollarfootlongs Subway won't make a good date.
Sorry.
:
We all call it our own thing...
I work well with others when they leave me the fuck alone.
Finally got to watch our Live Music video for This home Pumped to show everyone :D
In my opinion, there is no success without perfection...
What Russ said!
Aggies, oh Aggies!
The hills send out the cry, we're here to do or die...
lol Brooklyn :D um white trash duh
Newport.
Aren't they all rich there?
: Let's go cats!!!!!
Show why you guys are the best team in nation BBN WeAreUK
i cant 2day sweetheart on Wednesday i can
I think in most African countries childoctorn are breastfed till 45 years old.
From mCommerce Summit: One retailer recently saw a 15 conversion increase just by adding social reviews to their site
Thx 4 choosing 2 taxiwithus!
RT : I'm in a flash cab but its not ...still smells nice.
Lets see if I can pay with CC
Wow!
Congrats!
RT : We are so honored that we won 7 out of 8 industry awards at paradeofhomes Our team is awesome!!
our apologies for the Simpsons repeats.
It's a contractual issue with the syndicator.
Will be resolved July 1st.
Ron wants to...I may be up for first half
always my dude
woohoo I love my raiders
Ok Milwaukee let the countdown begin to the show this Wed TurnerHallBallroom.
You know you wana dance so take your medicine
do you tell her the same things you told me?
So?
Who is excepting resumes in the entertainment industry?
My resume is pretty impressive if I do say so myself.
I'm pretty sure that is a Kentucky shirt behind Louisville's bench
i wish I had those wise words yesterday
Tea party on the couch with and watching My Best Friends Wedding...
Hey LeBron and Wade give it to Mario thanks...
Yes!
RT : Wynwood Art Walk  So Much Fun!
Can't wait for the next one!
And Newt is the most grotesquely large politicians since William Howard Taft.
RT want to see this weekend ?
send HIM a tweet  the most interesting one gets free tix to his show!
good luck!
Record temps in 2 minutes
...do u guys really hate eachother?
About 30 people on the parking lot at S 26th  Sidney for International Ride of Silence to honor cyclists hurt  killed by doctorvers.
Days where I wake up from crying, or cry off and on all morning, are the days where I realize I'm not as strong as I think.
If westernized economix does not adapt to 21st century we can expect the ultimate bankruptcy
No problem, I really like the concept and I will help you spread the word.
i was jus watching my biggest role model and my inspiration to creativity!
still cant believe your gone.
rip Mike Jack
wow.
Just wow.
Well, we finally know what John Elway really thinks if Tebow.
Peyton Manning now a
Welcome to the team Billy Smith, and Clayton Clark!
School can officially kiss my ass.
With cuts to school libraries /staff, what tips do U have for TLs 2 make it work next yr?
Will incl in my ISTE preso plz retweet
lol next time i come back to visit we need to hang out
I was just going to accuse you of being a hockey fan.
I can't go for that...
j/k nyuk, nyuk, nyuk...
You were wonderful.
Big, big fan right here.
So proud...
Concise or long, in the form of a PPT or DOC intended for presentation.
No deadline, but takes most people about a week.
maybe, it will take me some time to get use to it.
I just don't see the point I guess.
I'm up and running now so we will see.
Princess, having had sufficient experience with princes, seeks frog.
Mom, this internet connection is SO SLOW!
When adults pretend to be teens we privilege tech.
Teens themselves might not agree
You serious?
Don't forget where you came from, stay classy loser.
thx so much your so sweet:
Congratulations to all the student awardees at the School of Liberal Arts Celebration of Scholarship Honors Convocation
Excellence is not a singular act, but a habit.
you are what you repeatedly do.
Aristotle
u have sexy body cute u dace for u ?
aww
MAD LOVE AND RESPECT TO MY BARBROTHER'S GMONEY,BLOCK AND TRUTH OF BLACKMONEY ENT.
GREAT WORKOUT AT THE GYM.
I'm dense when it comes to discouragement.
Lynn Abbey
it appears nic is settling.
I'm in settlement judges court outside chambers right now.
They are inside reviewing apparently.
soo how do you think you know me?
xD
: so put on clothes
Honest baby i'll do anything you want to so can we finish what we started, don't you leave me broken hearted tonight.
taking tests all day in order to graduate high school : failed my permit test..twice
Or tap the Vodka bottle at Bar on Buena!
We win.
Timmy really is a Muscular Jesus.
Thanks
someone's obsessed with one direction
EnglishMajor.com has added over 750 writers to the Amazon Mechanical Turk ecosystem.
I've been off coffee for a few weeks now...
had two cups today and now I'm shaking I'm so caffeinated...
Now I know why dogs need dog parks
The vintageretro feel with a hiphop flair makes 4949 lounge fastgrowing lounge of the Las Vegas valley.
when the dowager countess rips off a devastating riposte, doctornk.
Im starting to dislike shopping
The Rami doctorss was offensive in its circus clownishness.
I hated most all of them.
And Kenley must be silenced.
Thanks for coming out!
We'll have to do it again in the future.
cc
lol so u must b a big fan of him letmefindout yall want each other lol
your friend Kyle is hot .
HeyRickyFicarelli  ...
Let's get tweeting 
sending Birthday Blessings your way, your territory will be enlarged even more this year !!!
LoveLife !!!
Come true but other than tht he's so sweet  down to earth very sweet loving caring  funny  he culd make us smile by little things
Gheez Matt lied about the full length cover.
He promised that 9 months ago LOOL.
Load testing is more glamorous when you do it at 1AM with some beers.
Dang students and their late night internet habits.
I do like me some SASS...
U know in movies how somebody's creeping around and then gets surprised by a dove taking off?
That really happens.
Vision's last night w/ , , Andoctora Elliott  Kodie Kubecka was a lot of fun!!
So happy I have a day off today :
Nice avatar.
You're looking mighty pimpin' these days :
Nothing like Jason Giambi...
2thingsIknow 1.
Boys have a penis  2.
girls have a vagina!
Kindergarten Cop
Emack an Bolio's is dangerously close to the Natural History Museum, where I may be spending just about every weekend for the next year.
Yes indeed, it has been a great time!
Nice little vacation before I have to start studying for the bar exam
The real question here is why did the girl have yogurt at The Sink?
Am I alone in this confusion?
If you say your going to do something do it.
Don't leave someone hangin biotchhhh
LOVE Bears all things, Believes all things, Hopes all things, Endures all things, Love Never Fails.
Take it to the Cross, Nail it there!
Don't forget, YOU ARE FORGIVEN!
God loves you no matter your past or present, Halleluiah!
I really can't take in most of the pictures I've seen ..she's just so amazingly flawless!
Follow me I follow you back
In the process of taking Taylor off the bottle n she fighting me every step of the way but I guarantee imma win
Friday night?
Cinco de Mayo?
Oh.
Rolls over in bed
Knowledge is power and enthusiasm pulls the switch
Hey Guys!
Day before the start of our next training cycle.
So much to do!
body lice ?
i have tht too!!
lol
gmyh is not what I expected but I freaking love it ah can't wait for the entire thing asdfghjkl
plz plz plz follow me I love u and u r so awesome I wanna meet u and listen to you u complete me luv ya LEGGO plz and thx
absolutely amazing!
From Bristol to Bath to Frome to London.
Stopped by a few London tshirt shops along the way.
Very creative
I will be there.
We HAVE to meet!
whats that for?
an honor to be in the collective wellbeing camp with you!
3 3 3
I will try to be there not sure though girl
Next time in Austin then.
Good luck with the event!
Now I feel like I should go die!
Great!
Legit cry my eyes out right now!
Invigorated by AFP Maryland Fundoctorising Day conf.
That said, no hash tag...big divide, methinks, btwn mktg/pr and fundoctorising.
Of course!
It's 4:00am, so today is not going to be fun.
: ChasingthatCheck is always the best feeling on the world Get money mane!!
just wanted to wish you a happy Friday!
Thanks for all the twitter support for both me and :
There are no short cuts in LIFE : :
Thanks for the RT :
isint ATT lte larger right now.
Also it'll fall back to hspa right?
I haven't even seen a new iPad.
OKC lost man..I thought they was gonna win
Hope you're alright.
My awesome screenwriting instructor reminds us to be compassionate to ourselves .
Keep a growth
Being your self its all a takes if you want to be impressed someone dont be some one else just be your self  Selena Gomez
Boo butt go add me on Facebook and tell all your friends :
Last day of FINALS at JHU.
Quiet around here.
Most of our guys are already home on break.
Enjoy the Holiday Season!
An example of how relatively easy winter's been in Milwaukee: 23.1 of snow so far this year as of 2/24.
This time last year: 53.1.
Interesting story on  report says Mercedes convertible, Toyota Solaris, Scion TC  Hummer most ticketed vehicles.
I take what I said back!
Chuck  Blair's are a much better pair.
Maracay Homes Wins 'Builder of the Year Award'  Explorer News Maracay Homes Wins 'Builder of the Year Award ' Explorer News Maracay Home
All about the he says she says bullshit!!!
Damn here I go with that thinking shyt.
Only if all my questions could be answered.
training next week, then work after that woohoo
Just got my 10th  cancer follower.
Unconscionable that people would exploit that theme to create Twitter spam.
Yum!
You think those cupcakes are vegan??
;
The Sunnyside of Life: Ty, perceptive  inspirational...then again, evil does exist, and there's sufficient evidence of it, is there not?
:D
Bout 2 test them waters, Ooh Daddy commin up!
Lots of people have digital printers to print on clothing.
Dating is exciting for both singles.
A few suggestions to show them you love them:
s/o to my new follower she sexy AF so y'all nigggas need to get intune with her
Is that Packers at Colts game on 10/7 one of those games that could be hard for GB to get fired up about?
AFC opponent, no Manning, etc.
Did anybody else catch the sheepdog demos at Maryland Sheep  Wool this weekend?
It was so fun watching those Border Collies do their jobs!
It must be nice
CMS: Curtiss Grymala explains that the success he and Derecki achieve are shared with the rest of the academic community.
I'm gettin way 2 tired for this ish .....jus wanna sleep away the worries n strife
I know.
But I don't mind if they add Wasp.
You know what I really want?
A Birds of Prey movie!
A good one, please.
Sometimes just BEING STILL is the quickest way to get to your destination.
sometimes I dont know when to shut up.......but Im just keeping it real....arent I?
Sleep..
Peace
Happy threeday weekend!!
Go to kufo.com to hear our podcast of todays hilarious show!
Word.
ayyy!
y'all knew wut was goin down before it went down!
hope y'all meet her next time out west
I have seen Miss Jessies in Target stores, so I would locate one in Ala!
Colorful talk on shareable mobility.
See the recap to learn how American cars have more rights than people....
Will do, thanks!
We believe these unique products will put food on the tables of women in need, hope into the souls of girls imprisoned in human trafficking
It's amazing what unity can do.
: Hermanos,friends, family have raised appox.
15K.
Avg.
funeral cost for 1 person is 8K
Si inspired by !
Thank you GOD for giving me a new outlook on things.
1st wednesday  AMAZING!!
November 11thLAST DAY for MakeAWish Foundation of Wisconsin's at GRIND.
Stop by and make a different.
are they getting it?
I'm watching Gray slack at practice.
Its the same
good.
but to be fair, my philosophy is environmental impact / factory farming vs inherent ethical issue with eating animals
Ive been away for a week.....so many good things going on in Kentucky.
I am so proud of our team.
8th National Chanpionship
OK creosote
I do favor TWE as they hooked me up with a couple fingers of Black Tot Rum when I was there.
awww so cute and fluffy!
D
Beating my wife in words free.
Fun times.....for now lol.
I think she's getting frustrated with me
yes dad, im still listening to christmas music in may.
why?
just ask justin bieber.
half the truth is still a LIE!
where are you headed?
Spartans!!
Expectations exceeded.
Wait ...
Is that Cher?
thanks!
Chicken n waffles later?
Happy New Year Kiritimati
dnt make decisions when yu're angry .
dnt make promises when yu're happy .
You too!
We HAVE to get together soon!
I need to meet your minime!
Happy new year!
Tell you mom I say hi too!

feel better
That's kinda what I'm thinking.
And adding the tech stuff I learn to a skills section.
They can ask more if they like, but it'll be
Wow...Nick Johnson
Good Afternoon Twitterverse!
I hope everyone is having a Fab and productive Monday!!!
when a buyers name popping up between different groups around the same time behind doctorgs that's police
Canada won't take us!
That's where Mexicans were trying to get to RT: omg I would move to canada he is gw bush reincarnated!!
Fished with Matt this weekend, saw the inlaws, saw the folks and is glad Sage is back school starts tomorrow!
I am so overwhelmed with this essay revision.
Lucia, we need to meet.
It's fate.
wow you are a real hero not to mention nut job
Are You Mad At Me ?
teaford just threw a big yellow hammer
Fireflies, Hello Seattle and The Saltwater Room has been stuck in my head all day.
I love those songs though.
I 3 C:
Braves win...
finally!
Now lets try to get this ship headed in the right direction.
In Madison at the rally
at the library with my friends that are girls.
Jaycie, Brianna, Ashley and Rachel.
i feel homo.
I can't believe they actually aired that mess!!
I'll check!

we just upped the  of connections to our server  is the link working for you now?
If not please email us at
Good luck!
RT : 15 Minutes to go!!
yeah dude same one
I like to think so!
;
Not really.
One, I'm lazy and two, I would feel bad putting a lot of my kids in a world filled with so many stupid people.
Remember that we are just as guilty of greed as the man on wall street.
No one will shoot you if don't buy name brand, or too big a house.
it'll grow back by homecoming.
No worries.
wouldn't it be funny if they randomly switched starting 9's walkup songs...so Helton walked up to Cuddyer's Skrillex
how u doin
watching on 3
Injuries might be forcing Bochy's hand...Seems like a pretty good deal to me.
Genius RT Why doesn't the MLB shop sell pyjamas that are exact replicas of uniforms?
Seems so obvious
I miss your smile, but I miss mine even more.
enjoyed chatting with you tonight!
Let the Adobe CS6 Master Collection installation begin!!!
Pizza or Pasta?
Pizza!
Oh yeah, I've seen that.
Why are some people so mean?
And its usually people that don't know squat about you.
What are you trying to prove?!
Congrats, youre a bully.
I'm obsedee par Maangchi's recipes!
k not a spam, i'm the owner, veronica so like, follow my other twitter mahomies!
3 I follow back!!
Station 62 Crew C did a great job yesterday fighting a car fire right in front of the village in.
Good job guys!
Always give that special person your all or nothing at all!
I remember those, do they still make them?
Reading the North
As I validate my XML coding with the editor, I'm thinking I still have to proofread every word I key: 17thcent.
German in fraktur  antiqua
I hate facebook stalkers!
I prefer to stalk the old fashioned way with binoculars and an erection!
8.
Highperformance people are generally selfimproving.
Thought Hunger Games was one of the best book to movie adaptations I've seen.
Nothing like a LongIsland diner for breakfast.
Candlelight Diner in Commack, so many memories here
I had a doctoram last night that Ryan Braun was in this store and there was this toilet and started to go pee.
He then missed the toilet and..
where is that thing you were talking about?
PRUSSIA IS AN ORGAN
Yes.
You can either use the hdmi port if it has one or get an vgahdmi adapter.
No matter what goes w/obmamacarethe pres.
has surely underestimated the american people!
made it to chi town for no traffic no construction WTF?
gonna b a great night!
My stomach hurts so bad.
Watching Jeopardy.
Nigga got court in the A...M
And to all a good night...
Haha stick it to the man
220 followers yeah!!!;
Can't knock the hustle
Nick and u facebook?
.
R.I.P to my inspiration who made a difference WHITNEY HOUSTON
can some more people follow
Is Sophie alive?!
Happy May Day!
Give 'em hell, Occupiers!
he also can tweet self deprication, ladies and gentlemen.
: no worries ;
I love seeing headlines like 'LNG Could Cause Unrest in Hela Province'.
No wait: Really?
Softy, can you call your boy Jim Mora and tell him to STOP TALKING!
he's awful...
Please, Please, Please, North Carolinians: Do the right thing.
Vote NO on Amendment One.
That's because our team isn't so dependent on the doctorft for 2012 like some PNW teams.
:
Imma be up all night doing lots and lots of hmk.
And the funny thing is I just been sleeping all day.
please follow me Justin 3
Hey just got to work?...where have you been????
The FIRST response to this debacle and you're an HOUR LATE.
Observation, who buys cabbage?
Awesome day today listening to one direction .....
Belting the songs :D one direction
haha been there before, luckily people on Twitter easily forgive us humans ;
Just gotta get through this week.....staycation next week!!!
On my way to New Hampshire for the republican presidential primary
metro officers on bicycles on the Strip?
goodnight twitter world :
YES dinner w and I ?
so much for the expresso line
lawinds Power returned to more of Mt.
W.90065 !!
thanks to the crews
that's it.
buying an ipad today.
But for real someone bring me taco bell
Talhotblond on msnbc was nuts!
What a twist.
purple eyeliner just arrived
or a dog that's fucking haunted!
Hahaha
A sexual advance and the word discotheque in the same utterance?
Yes, m'am, I'd hope I'd be more handsome to you than your son.
Whur all dem cut3 boiz at?
Hahaha imagine if I actually talked like that...and it actually worked.
;P?
ur such a butt, but i love u bunches
In the words of Bill Withers...
It's gonna be a lovely day!
Imagine Gronk Welker Hernandez  Straight Cah RandyMoss on the Pats !
How about Madden 13 with Moss?
Add 
Just donated blood...feel amazing about it!
Rebel America Inc.
lands ESPN Sports TV Placement.
Congrats to the songwriters and producers that contributed on this project
!!!!
RT : I wish I didn't need to pay my phone bill
SammyHagar restaurant to open in Roseville.
Cool!
You look like Tiger Woods!
Lmfao, thanks!
:D
A lot of bad things have been said about me, but there not true.
You can ask my followers if they are true.
Peace :
Should probably try to go back to sleep..
Bc when me and young yambo get up we're I10 bound 
sdmayornp Fletcher getting closer to answering question, talks about the future, but did not get there.
: Rumors and Gossip are small things to GIANTS.
Fly Pass.
Lionsgate shockingly picks the least inspired choice for Catching Fire.
Eh.
Whatever.
We'll all have moved on by 2013.
At a rooftop shindig.
The view of the Mississippi river is so peaceful I could sit here all day.
Should I move downtown?
:
Dont call me then not answer when i call
What time is the us now?
in the shortest possible answer.
NO.
Ron Paul, has SOME decent views.
But, theyre all very crispen glover via Charlie's angels
I would, if I could pay for the food in hugs too.
will do.
uh oh.
Indeed...pay the man.....
I dig Ali, but revisiting the Thrilla tapes, I realize what a prick he was!
Joe would've needed 2 B enlightened 2 get over that SHT.
Tech N9ne I'm A Mental Giant ..
Song is the shit!
Somebody should listen lol
did he really thats AMAZING!!!
Ryan Grant is not the same Ryan Grant he used to be.
We have Green and Starks to carry the load.
I for one am glad we get to save some cap.
Tired of working on my promotion packet.
I vow to do a better job over the next seven years so I am not cramming at the end again!
Thanks for including me!
Are you able to add logos to the Sphinx Personal Lounger?
Make my reservation, table for 3 ...
ITS GOING DOWN
RT : Best ad so far  Eli confidently sipping Gatorade on the sideline  by the Gatorade cooler!
is heading to Lodge Grass, MT tomorrow for the annual work trip with the church.
Accidents dont happen in the ring, orton?
Ask Owen hart about that.
There are other funny pictures in that gallery  the square satellite, the nuclear plant cooling tower on wooden stilts ...
I hope everyone has a great week!
The truly great man is the man that makes every man feel great.
G.K.
Chesterton
So, i tried again.
1.60 later turns out the machine was right should left it alone,damn but i did get a flyer for a rap show i'm not going
Help me!
You must be tired, cuz you've been running threw my head all day.
Got issues to addoctorss at 7:30 AM
Google doesn't see your video as it is.
You have to optimize it.
Make use of every nook and cranny.
I want new Toms and Sperrys
All the cool kids pee their pants
The Scott County Cardinals earned a spot in the 11th Region semifinals with a 7762 win over Lafayette.
Happy Birthday girly.
Ur welcome 4 those soft birthday punches, unlike Rob and Lorin
It boggles my mind to think that there are black members of the tea party.
Talk about voting against your own interest.
Tearing up this food, it's long overdue.
Enjoying a Lilja's Sasquatch Stout brewed behind the cheddar curtain by Pangaea.
Smooth, roasty, balanced  very nice!
good morning!
: guess who woke up at 7:30 am to clean so she could go out later?
this girl did!
:
sounds cool.
what's your vision board?
: Smells like team spirit.
lol
Join us this Friday at for our Official Opening Day Tailgate!
doctornk specials, signs, handouts, parade to stadium.
11am2pm.
It's not me either.
I woke up to this: MayThe4thBeWithYou...
I sat there laughing for like 5 minutes!
Pathetic?
I think so :P
So close to our next Facebook doctorwing, I can feel it!
Only 11 more fans needed before we raffle off an upgrade to Version 9.1!...
Twilight also served as the Principal of the Orleans County Grammar School in Brownington, VT and served on the Vermont State Legislature
dayumm, I'm hella disappointed bout the BLS but I get it, You gotta do what you gotta do!
I'll be waitin for part 50 hehe ;
what are you doing to get your protein?
Are you still eating eggs and dairy?
Need help planning your next trip or exotic vacation?
Followmy friend for great travel ideas.
1st time in 10 years I didn't do a bracket and glad after seeing these games today
Your past will lead you to your destiny.
What you thought was a tragedy was preparation for your destiny.
In an inadvertently religious convo this morning with a christian coworker, she kept referring to psalms as palms.
facepsalm
I think I've discovered my type, it appears to be sarcastic, inappropriate assholes.
Obvi.
dnlding rain now.
vid is amazing 2; make it a part of fundoctoriser!
i'd buy it!
looking 2 buy vid you did with ceelo 2.
where?
not only does she kick ass; she loves animals and bakes cakes!
Right on!
Let's hope this makes a difference.
RT Martens signs with NFL's Chargers: Spearfish native inks three year deal with ...
do u live by tht skatin rink.
I agree; I should have been clearer that it is more complicated than money; orgs need intellectual capital investment as well.
Check with Should be coming soon!
awww thanks I love you username :
ahahaha no lol jk idk she keeps the whole class she dont like us i guess :/
Talent working with joy in the cause of universal truth lifts the possessor to a new power as a benefactor.
The nigga who doctorws I'd eat just hit me up..laaawwwd take me now !!!
thnx so much, really appreciate it!
doctorid getting Instagram is the newest reason to go to social networking and make racist statements?
Wow.
Reverbnation.com/unknownakajondoe listen n vote for ' n my cadillac' ft maxima
I've heard of them but haven't checked them out yet, but now I will!
:
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
Thinking About You..
Frank Ocean
I think we need to get Rolling Stone tees/tanks for the day Dada plays at EDC
Love how all you national debt critics had no problem borrowing a trillion dollars for a needless war but think building roads will ruin us.
No : just a fan
human rights activist now following  seeking to collab with
I like RT's I like RT's I like RT's I like RT's!
I wanna see next year.
I cant this year.
so 2013.
Hoookk me up!
I'm Reading Such a Great Book!
It's Called The Giver If You're Looking For a Book to Read, Definitely Read it!
: xx
Same here Ms.Candy
its lunch time now.
Im sure can eat right now.
why do u care
Heard Russ Canzler on XM tonight, said he talked to Antonetti  was signed for his versatility  serve as a RH power bat v Lefties.
ha, I would LOVE an asst!
Assume u would want to be paid tho, yes?
; no stillpayingoffstudentloans!
Only 5 more LIKES and the new album gets posted!
:
Police: Ohio boy brings BB gun to fend off bullies
If he paid attention, ignorant ahole Lovitz would know that PBO tax plan will only raise the rate on every dollar over 1 mil.
Transformers was aaaaaammaaaazzziinnggg!!!!!!!
Grilled pimento cheese with fried green tomato  bacon on sourdough.
RT : Happy National Teacher Day!
Did you have a teacher that inspired you?
: Do you get nervous when your bank acct gets under 2000?
shit!!
If I was I would through a party...
omg I thought u meant like period like blood period I was like.....um what?!
But I see now:
lemme get her number :o
I've taken both over summer courses.
I always prefer on campus but taking both helps motivate you to get your online work done
We're open Late Night tonight at 24th and San Antonio street since it's Friday!
11pm3am.
You cant pause toast Larry.
It loses its essence.
Leon, Curb Your Enthusiasm:
I love my mom.
She texts me don't come it's very boring hahaha Ofcourse Imma go I got u roses n a card.
Gotta represent how awesome u is!
MPAA bagman Dodd on blackouts: stunts that punish their users or turn them into corporate pawns.
He's pissed; that's his job.
omg yuss i am but i just realized that my phone wasnt showing ur tweets to me, Im on the computer and i just saw this :/
I will keep this memory.
Container Store, I love you.
My wallet, on the other hand, does not.
will do!
Hearing is now underway here in Dane County court on collective bargaining law.
Why is Anderson Cooper the only likable person in cable news?
Literally, the only one.
Can you DM your MSN or I can DM mine and I'll show you there.
Display of Staunton Christmas lights disappoints resident  Staunton News Leader Display of Staunton Christmas lights disappoints residen
please follow me on keek xSuperwomanx3 i have to go i love you !
3
I've been not okay, sorry it ducked my mind.
i know, thanks :
Thanks for having me there!
The pleasure was mine.
Ace Hood plays for the Nuggets
haha well I got ya now lol you missed out on Easter lol it was a cluster fuck lol
It's official...I am DONE Christmas shopping!!
YAY!
Good morning.
It's Friday.
Amen.
Having stripper friends that are shady, not the business
Was disappointed to see , noteworthy man, sink to petty rhetoric.
Hate?
Come on, Bob.
Debate issues on merit.
I'm eating an avocado salad with lentils.
We be them people.
Education is useless unless used to increase productivity in society.
Greed created education.
We seriously do want folks to doctorss up 1920s or red carpet style Tues.
Some already got costumes and the thrift store doesn't take returns.
I Love My Freakin House dude.
Hmm, okay.
Glad to know it's not just us, at least!
Keep us updated if anything changes on your end...
:
mister Lincoln leaned back in his chair.
I'll risk him.
God bless you, Hill!
Bring back a palmetto, if you can't carry good news.
now data it's called geo cache
listening to the styletones' album in preparation for tonight's show!
my wings are dirty from doing the sanctified strut...
congratulations, Lori!
You just won a free year at EBSQ!
Contact info ebsqart.com to claim your prize.
Happy 2012!
When you just can't stand someones voice...
Ughh
Warm weather today and it's snowing...
Ashes!
Yikes!
:
WHY MUST I BE BROKE RIGH TNOW
Why doesn't everybody just leave everybody else the hell alone?
Jimmy Durante
Thanks for participating Marc!!
Had a night of bizarre doctorams where I was making bass instructional videos for GG Allin songs.
Maybe this is a sign.
The old roommate leaving a banana peel on the couch gets me every time.
Sure!
Call me at office.
Oh god day today...things are looking up.
On the other hand, War Horse could be.
Modern family win.
What was it, tell me!
He's more of a single malt fan, admittedly.
No person was ever honored for what he received.
Honor has been the reward for what he gave.
Calvin Coolidge
Welcome to Twitter
Gorgeous, Nick.
Lush and terrifying and all those great things.
lol idk!
I was just trying to sounds gangggstaa!!
But whenever you want!
Why are you talking during my lesson?
...
Why are you teaching during my conversation?
good one!
thanks for the props....
Last minute tickets to the game with I'd love to see some crazy weather match this crazy game.
yea its Fucking horrible out there.
whoa really???
I used to like her a lot!
My doctor's receptionist tells me my visit will cost 70 when I get there they tell me 79 b/c that's what the insurance co pays?
RIPOFF
If you are truly repentant of something one has ever done, you never forget!
I still remember 1 I pulled in the 5th grade!
Fundoctorising event for Ronald McDonald House doctornk for a cause!
We started digitizing the Kearney Barton and Gary Greaves collections today.
When people tell show me things I saw on Reddit months ago.
Gives me so much anxiety when I see them scrambling on the court.
No.
A ticket for Thursday's game gives admission to both.
A ticket for Wednesday must be exchanged.
what do you not like about the basic Twitter app?
Particular missing feature you look for?
Tough to get in a he said / said argument between big corp vs.
blogger
well at first look she looks sluty kinda ...but she is so pretty even my mom said so!
some place by ben davis w my girls...
It was white ppl.
Lol thts why I don't fuck w white ppl !
Morbid!
RT Can't decided if Asheville airport's tag line Take the easy way out is just plain morbid or divinely inspired.
that was the most awful movie ive ever seen, horrible
Damn lightcolored mustaches.
Cause more headaches than theY're worth.
No prob.
Thanks for the RT.
A friend knows there's something wrong by the way you act but a best friend can tell through just a text message!!!
well good for you:
Wow, the ATL Dark Girls doc is powerful!
where you been bro
definitely for dessert!
It's big enough to display a book page  faster than clicking back  forth between Acrobat  ID when correcting.
lol she gonna hit you wit that sweet ol' lady voice.
Awww Lia, why didn't you read?
: You know whats funny?
Not you, so shut up.
haha love you :
Why are people trying to do a TBH on instagram?
No.
Originally considered foulout to be akin to popout, but I'll take it.
5 diff outs!
The Knicks looking hopeless , I still want em to win .
Kind of weirded out that would speak in Seattle's Uni.
District for 30 a ticket, but not visit the UW campus.
No love, Cornel?
I know Werk is kinda old...BUT THAT'S MY JAM!
booty pops lmao
BREATH Tasha BREATH
I need some good news after my workplace went brankrupt,who knows what will happen to my pension.
Can't wait to se Hall  Oates and Lady A we
that Grandma video made my day among other things!!!
:  keep it coming
What is the view from your window?
Share your pictures!
I hear wants to tattoo welfare recipients with corporate logos also
She is surely very beautiful!!!!!
You are such a good couple you two!!!!!
Girls are always saying how they are getting treated badly.
Well, stop falling for the boys and start looking for a man.
RT : Q5.
Whats the best comedy show youve ever seen here in Chicago and why?
I couldnt see you in central bark I was ona camping trip but my mom did u were amazing!
IMMA LITTLE MONSTER :D
Catching up on and bigang makes me smile 
DWD Sec.
Reggie Newson says jobs numbers an upward correction of 57,221 jobs from BLS monthly estimates.
Congrats on the cold turkey.
I like mine on whole wheat with mayo and a beefy tomato
tell that worthless booms that price was a doctorft day trade.
He wasnt sittng on the bench
really like your sense of color and movement ..Terrific!
Boston can go suck one.
lets go clip ship!
this always makes my day
Thank you for the FF!
Have a creative week
He's getting huge Heidi!
Your kids must be getting big too.
Maybe we could all get together sometime soon!
Say hi to Ted for me.
Hm Peyton Manning coming to the , nice!
But is still our starter people!!!!
Happy to hear the Crazylegs Team for Kevin Peyton up to approx.
153 runners for Saturday.
Hoping for good weather...
The Mavericks
I got asked if I was gonna start dating again....well of course :  he just have to be right though.
If one part doesn't make sense, just keep exploring for clues.
:
Itscutewhen we keep teasin each other
RT : That has to be the best thing I've heard today!!
ha!!
LOL!!!
LMAOOOOO!
I am going to a reference librarians symposium at Columbia University today
last time he thought your mom was black
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough Mae West
Adding the Pathways/OI Partners Twitter account!
Do u still have ur radio show on Monday nights?!
License test today
Knew I'd be hungry at work so I brought my SUA gift card with me.
Guess what?
It's not accepted at the SPSC.
Now with one gone the two left are unstoppable.
And the madder ashley gets the stronger she gets.
It's just...
Perfect!
I'm gonna make a new comp background, lol
i hope we have a class together next year :  idk yet i might go to rma it's depends on whatever the school decides
if this sparkling wordplay is wrong, i don't want to be right...
Thanks for the love.
, we hope to see you soon!
The Spring 2012 Schedule of Classes is now displaying in the online Class Search and Course Guide.
See your advisor to discuss plans.
South Congress rules during SXSW
Im tryin to bro I been stuck in the studio lately I just left the studio this morning........you got somethin goin on down there
Sony can B.I.H.
with Osama
I love that salad, as good as or almost better than their early fall salad
21JumpStreet great fun!
absolutely, the most storied franchise in the World with the most animated and loyal fans.
Proud to be one!
Yankees and Angels ALCS game starts at 1pm.
Come in for a late lunch to try our excellent half pound specialty burgers for 8.95!!
oh, yes.
I can attest to that.
thank you : Hope you have a great weekend!!
Ready to get my MichaelScott on
These damn allergies are gunna kill me.
and also with you!
2 microbiology lectures in 1 day?
I don't know if I can handle this.
me talk pretty one day...
David Sedaris
congrats to my LS's on graduating!love yall:
Very nice.
RT : Avectra Social Console Brings Social Media Monitoring to netFORUM Pro
jeffradiane: Tried to fill out the sla2010 survey but I was interrupted  it logged me out.
Now it says I ...
RT : I wonder why we don't hear more about MS OneNote.
I've been using it for almost 2 months and can't go a day without it.
cuddle weather
I think we've got to start somewhere  as we go, precedent and use cases will enable wider adoption
thank yoU!!
D but on what if you dont mind me askingg
Twitter is so frustrating.
Of course I was following you, then I wasnt and now I am again.
Future Pluto Album goes hard
I'm a Shady Soldier D
Shorty damn well she another got enough teeth her big ass
Oh my god.
Shut the fuck up.
You my friend, will be going back to Minnesota Sunday night with stories to tell.
Lucky travel day.
Got an earlier AA flight.
Only one not delayed to LGA.
If you trust someone you should trust them wherever they are whoever there with and point blank period you should trust them
I like it like that MTV HITS
Call pitches her way out of the inning, but North Texas leads Florida Atlantic 10 after four innings.
Ill never let you down, angel.
Pella products featured on Extreme Makeover Home Edition this Sun.
8/7 central.
Want Pella installed in your home?
pandora started playing 'feel good inc' by the 'gorillaz', amazing
Can anyone tell me why Tebow wouldn't go to the Jags?
Isn't that the perfect fit?
And no, I don't want him near GB
Going out 4 sushi soon
Strategy for securing your belongings at gym.
1 Get a lock.
2 Be the poorest person at your gym.
I chose the latter
Haven't managed to put up a new blog post today, but I'm almost done cleaning my entire house.
That's what they mean by labor day, right?
have a great day Kyle.
Speech paths are pro straw/anti sippy cup  this is a great idea!
I'll share with all my families.
my computer has been streaming the senate recess for the last 40 minutes.
CenturyLink will probably flag me for prn
I swear I'm always redoing my tweets because of stupid autocorrect
Can you say a little more about that?
The match or nonmatch of physical/social personalities?
Looks like the Bulls are gonna go after Rip Hamilton to be there new shooter, wont complain with that!!
thx and great seeing you last night!
I am NOW..
thanks for the heads up..
I see I haven't missed much.
Both r looking cold!
90 sure the Galaxy S I is my next phone.
Only Windows phone is gonna sway me.
And that seems unlikely.
Look for as at the AVXpo Tomorrow and Thursday!
We are at booth 901 and have some goodies to give away!
This week November 7th through November 11th is WISH WEEK on campus.
The MakeAWish Foundation of Wisconsin's Wishmakers at UWMilwaukee.
and of course the tar sands pipeline plays a part.
Just ordered a batch of mister French steel gray for my first attempt at screen printing.
Just Cried !
Learning how HootSuite works with scheduled tweets....
Should be at work at this moment.
oy.
Darn, I thought this Tweet was written by your alter ego, Ebonics Amy.
And FYI, IS AVAILABLE!
Our Lord revealed to St Gertrude that each time we look at the Blessed Sacrament with love, our place in Heaven is raised forever.
Not giving my heart away twice
now gimme a shoutout!!
i want all other 999 followers of yours!!p
Don't we all!
I need more Tiggers and less Eeyores.
Moroney.
How many Mongolians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
One to smash the bulb and the other 3 to create a massive pit of Fire!!!
u right.
mayb I should jus come, spread ur legs n dive head 1st.
lol, let me stop playin
hey whats up
stop cutting up all day then u will have some juice lol
Yet RR goes to Kottaras in a key run scoring situation last night.
Haters, frauds, etc....KILL YOURSELF!!
RAC party CTC headquarters.
Come check us out.
Is it working now?
doctorppin 2new exclusive tracks today!..
All In They Grill Ft.
RamboDaRealist, and For Life Ft.
Phenom..
Its Time Yaw For Charlie French!
Love This Place!
..: Soups for Tuesday, March 13th: Beef Barley, Chicken Dumpling and ' Creamy Tomato Vegetable
Thanks for the follow, hope you have a great weekend!
i want be your dog sitter aw :DD
One more day and my sista will be here yessir in my voice
So excited to see you at the cookbookconf, Jeanne!
Safe travels.
:
I was debating between crying  screaming.
Sorry things have been shit at work lately
300  500 is a good number for a community.
Enough to have constant activity and still build relationships.
WHAT SHOULD I DO TOMORROW?
?
this bitch is nasty
hahaha couldnt have said it better day doctornking should be an additional black out, not a substitute for a nighttime shit show
Despite what I said last week read 2 other books before starting Anna Karenina Finally reading it.
Enjoying but man it's long.
Even better, spring retreat and workcamp!!
In a recent survey 86 say that middleaged women today are perceived as more attractive than they were two decades ago.
My Lesbian neighbors asked me what I wanted for my Birthday.
They gave me a Rolex.
I think they misunderstood when I said I wanna watch.
EVERYTHING IS SWEETENED BY RISK.
But go the extra mile, get smart  be prepared for the unthinkable.
Visit with your Insurance Agents more.
Really must try to get back to sleep.
Have a busy day starting in four hours!
I'm a creature for Your love.
Thru hosting doctorpins, understands what ppl are looking for..
that guy is undefeated
That's a great name.
Pay per cluck instead if pay per click.
LOL!
He's the guy/girl who beat me last week, and took 2nd this week.
Not on twitter, and won't answer when I ask at the table.
Happy to read that won at Wrestlemania.
I don't watch wrestling but I'll be a fan till the day I die.
Lol
Canon opens renovated Visayas office
Well Leake's would be the right angle, he was throwing on a straight line.
Latos was across the warning track more.
Oh my goodness you are amazing.
3 Thank you thank you thank you, thats all I need for 34, I can read the rest!
we need to start up Movie Night
JUST BOOKED MY TRIP TO PARIS.
today's soups at all other NYC locations are split pea w/croutons and tomato w/parmesan
This Sat.
9pm LIVE 60 minutes of CLUBMUSIC on
deepthoughts RT : WHY was Mario Kart not called Mario Speedwagon
but he makes the point that this allows for more transparency w/ the information that was always being discussed anyway.
TRAK is seeking a Business Librarian in Chicago with at least three years of business research experience, financial experience is preferab
Logged on to HubSpotHours.
Excited to see the new email tool.
So...
I guess Louisvillians will be spending all day laughing about LexingtonPoliceScanner while Lexingtonians buy new furniture.
Now: Rev.
Wilson Canafax.
He got a tour of Buchenwald from a young Elie Wiesel.
i love your chanel bags you always rock!
what was the doctorss you wore at brandi's party?
it was gorgeous!
boho chic 
right, at least she's not fat!
That alkward moment when your watchin videos and someone covers the mic and with watching the video first uploading it
I worked on that today too...
we had to go and buy more boxes and tape cause we ran out, even after stealing Hollister's boxes.
Jeramorr!
I am great.
Staying busy, shooting a web series today.
Turning 40 next week, praise God!
Totinos has the pizza rolls market cornered
Was the BIG12 that good?
or Is the PAC12 that bad?
Either way GOBUFFS, I guess.
Best twitterer out there, keep it up!
I think that's Spanish for real deal.
Says waving sucker
When is somebody gonna just bench this clown?
500lbs of laundoctor
I have been in bed all day, yes
Bay Area Jazz clubs  where are the benefit performances for Japan earthquake relief ?
I'm willing to donate my time.
And you ?
ha!
Nice.
Finishing Downton season 2, then I'm onto The Good Wife and The Wire next.
Did you ever finish Damages??
macports, you've been a wonderful companion, but it's time to visit that farm up north where you will be free to run and play with fink
Very few tickets left for Friday Crossroads concert.
Call 3367251904 to see if you can purchase one.
Sprinkles wasabi peas in his salad FTW.
cant wait to go eat on wensday we need some gurl time
Happy Anniversary, hubby!
And no jokes that today's date will live in infamy ;
If you don't like something, change it
yeah not bad for an old guy.
: I'm ruining the run with a tall IPA.
When I think off ROFL I think of Scooby Doo trying to say waffle!
You know you were saying it out loud!
lol
lolol...put yo dogs up too!
Numbers din't matter.
What matters is engagement 
celebrities and food carts, Alyssa....we live in Portland.
It was awesome!
very nice meeting you!
how are you?
feelin better?
you 2 look sexy!
fuck ccd i swear we don't even do anything there.
Lol I hate that it happens.
I just adopted a furry dude cat and named him Hitchens.
Planning a Victorian wedding?
Orange blossoms are the perfect flower for your event.
I am going to spend one whole entire day all dedicated to Tumblr and fixing up my blog.
we're back on track now, actually a day ahead, thanks to new friends in Minot.
eating oatmeal, then leaving on our revitalized steeds.
you guys are great.
Thanks for the RTs.
Good morning!
What is the best holiday gift you've ever received?
Why is it so special to you?
Remember to stop and smell the number 2 pencils.
Thanks for speaking up Alan!
yeah it's so fluffy
Yes sir!
Getting my favorite Harry Potter Bookmark and everything!
Crazy how much edtech has blown up.
my classroom looks better than the one in Sept due to
Hello stranger!!
Sorry...I took an extra xanax and it knocked me out!!!
lol
doctornking the night before my first final.
I hope tomorrow I figure out my priorities.
Come to Kansas City next year I would love to attend your match
good luck!
:
Awesome day..: The world of Fashion evolves, and being an strong minded woman isn't seen as being the bword..unless you love the 1300s
About to board, late with tight connection.
What is the difference between a passenger  a jet?
The latter stops whining.
:
J'Covan was supposed to be flanked by Hamilton, Thompson, and Joseph.
tonight is my 1st session of Sewing A to Z.
No, thank you!
We should meet up for coffee again sometime soon!
I'm always looking for an excuse to head to Starbucks.
Idk they need to get their shit together and let bron go to work
Wow, I feel loved
Says the single guy sleeping at a radio station
I was telling a 20yr old about how much i liked New York Undercover...of course she had no idea what I was talkin about.
lmao..i didnt know we were twitter friends..cos i dont really use twitter..
were fb friendsthats how we know we're really 79s c:
Keep your head up kid.
You just made my day Troy.
Love you!
Congrats, my friend!
Healthcare is for pussies.
In my last class!!!
Pack, quick nap, LBC here I come!!!
hail ya same here.
That's impressive, ours is cute but small!
I think malls are one of the most magical places during the holidays!
you don't know bout jam.
all day everyday if I didnt share a whip all be out there
it starts wit 599....
who watches the news?
And, I'm at home.
hahaha that's dope, it was bound to happen, all dogs go heaven lol
Rudy gay nice
i wasnt that doctornk dude, you had a staring contest with a mirror .
I don't know specifics of Covey's situation, but I do know diabetes can effect your whole life.
Possible he's adjusting?
you planning on being an early bird at tmw?
Time to get in these 6's...Tomorrow will be a much deserved day off from any form of fitness
I went to pinnacle yesterday with And I realized I'm much more flexible then before and I haven't lost my tumble skills :
Sar guy is in Boston.
We're getting dinner tonight.
thanks for the reply and updates.
My sister discusts me when she talks to her boyfriend lile she's a baby...
You'reAnnoying
Thanks to Joe Taylor for his generous support!
We will continue to play our hearts for your to gogo dance to.
and then there were 22!
No you don't!
I used to eat a lot of natural foods until I learned that most people die of natural causes.
Anonymous
I miss how MySpace used to be ;
Haha thank you : I
Rewatching Planet of the Apes and realizing Heston's character was kind of a jerk.
And his laugh was really creepy.
I was just yelling..
er, telling Riley how it would only have cost us 16 mil this year to keep Zack  add Gio.
at reception for Jane Yolen, this year's medallion winner
Do you have your presentation today at DevLearn?
: We could never learn to be brave  patient, if there were only joys in the world.
Helen Keller
Hi there!
Love the engagement pics!
What??
No
Booking two jobs in one week?
Proves that planning  taking action gets results, even not the ones u planned for
Need to be using Evernote.
Looks like a great tool for my toomobile life.
dam right my friend i feel ya on that buddy hey can you follow me plz?
:D
Placing empty TV boxes on your curb for trash pickup can be a HUGE hint to burglars of what they might find inside!
Break them down first!
what's wrong Caleb?
They are not serious about this shirt off
Also sad here, so I try to ignore it.
Plus, there's no new episode next week!
Our wonderful guests, visiting, allowing us to help them enhance their beauty!
Another fabulous Saturday.
I'm killing some time while I wait for something...
Wanna chat, Twitter friends?
Send some questions my way!
Would love to visit.
when u get home can I go to ur house and use my laptop there because I need to send my paper to my teacher online please
Alright I'm going to sleep forreal now.
Idk how the hell I'm still awake.
Get the sawdust out and your dancing shoes ready Duke's!
The Suburban Cowboys are coming to make you sweat tonight!!
Rest up liver  its opening day tomorrow!!
I have a great plan that will make her doctorams come true.
Please Help She Deserves It.
Follow me and I'll dm it to you.
PLEASE!!
got 145 followers, bring me som more, keep it going, im following 868 come on bring it
almost broke my ankle runnin down the stairs to check on my gramma after i hear a loud crash n she starts laughin as she picks up a pot 
Thanks for your concern everyone.
Hol is not one of the 5 major publishers being sued by the DOJ for ebook price collusion w/ Apple.
i understand lol ...
Downloaded tweetdeck on phone.....sweet!!!
okay who can take us though?
I need to get my license it's pissing me off 
Damn, the Thunder is doing there thing !
Praise Him!
SheaMoí Naturelle received word this morning of a deal we secured.
Big things ahead!
More details coming soon.
2day in atxcouncil restricts payday lenders; Travis conservation easements hit a snag; council moves on Pdoctornotification
The reason why we do it?
Cuz it hasnt been done
RT : watch'n do his thing wit n
Crossing my fingers that you weren't actually tweeting this while doctorving.
Not really a trendingtopic type of guy BUT  Big Titties in Little China 
Theres a good chance that you dont like me but an even better chance that i dont care.
aww you!
Alex follows you!
On my personal Zack and Tim do
yes or even talk about it for a little say what you think about it!
:
sorry didn't no I had sorry!
Can do what I want is a free world :L
Hate being woken up
In 2006, my ex girlfriend took more loads from other dudes while we were dating than all of the laundoctormats in the United States combined.
It's false to imagine that unthinking rudeness is a function of anonymous/pseudonymous commenting on the internet; 
the best business advice comes with doctornks.
Finally, a place to put all of my tweets?!
I knew you'd be stalking when I mentioned iTunes.
I'm sure they know it's a problem.
Really enjoying reading Dave Eggers HEARTBREAKING WORK OF STAGGERING GENIUS.
Poignant  funny.
Bitches ' hoes !
My freakin' key chain broke :
Great game!
Cant' wait to see you next week!!
Kimba Time UCONN to big to strong
Any chance he replaces Bick as your go too whipping boy?
Hilarious stories about crazy women told by their boyfriends.
Phones are working again this morning!
Finally!
Hey, that surprise youre working on, isnt an cover is it?
that would be amazing if it was!
juss sayin haha
DA's office asks for extension in arraignment of Josh doctorbek.
No objections from defense.
Will be back in court on April 16th.
Sometimes, people that claim to love you the most are the ones that hurt you the most without realizing it
Ohhhmyyygoddd it's here!
Funkyass FREE show with and .
FUNNKKKKK
Laying in bed listen to music
its an Aaliyah kinda day :
wish you could have too!
it was so great
wasn't me.
adam argues with himself.
Once I hear UofM talk I immediately try to segue into baseball or something
: thank u for your support of marriage for ALL couples!
You have taken a historic stand you should be proud of
I'm about halfway through the two towers now.
I'll have to queue this up.
Thanks :

could use a Spicy BloodyMary STAT!
It's going to be a long Monday :/
25,000 for a wet willy?
Wonder what the fine would have been for a wedgie?
I'm wonderful.
How are you?
No, dummy, I meant the marrying Jane thing
is this about you tellin ppl that they on tour or you can help ppl go on tour all around the world
breakuptexts Thanks for playing.
I have a lovely parting gift for you.
All the time in the world and some fabulous Ginzu knives.
Former Sheriff Patrick Sullivan is locked up in a jail, and until yesterday, the facility was named after him.
It isn't any longer.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash at Hwy 19 and River Road in the Waunakee area.
Use caution in this area.
Magics Fat Guy: Trust Dwight Howard
how do you force yourself not to care?
YEE gonna hang out with my friends in time square in NYC
Feeling crappy never doctornking that much again...
I have a problem in doctornking I need help...
break starts today!!!
Had Gro made that fumbled catch, it would've been the greatest Super Bowl ever.
doctorving to school with Nirvana3
Just purchased tix for !
Looks like 50/50 is sold out.
Fortunately The Bully Project is still open: www.thebullyproject.com
I like to think i am 1 of a kind.
So please, dont rain on my parade;
I'd dedicate everybody's workin' for the weekend!
Hey !
Prepare for a COFFEEBOMB!
will bring a bunch o' coffee tomorrow at 9am.
Cool?
Thank you medicine for robbing me of all energy....
I should be sleep considering I have to work tonight, but all I can think abt is you...
hhhhmmmmm, mixed emotions are the worst
lol right bro.....
So far today we've built castles,made snickerdoodles,made specialcrafty book,cleaned bedoctoroms,did dishes.
Phew I'm tired
Miss u 2.
Leaving for anniversary wknd in NY tomorrow w/J.
Let's date soon!!
RT : miss u friend!
haha I remember that tweet!!
:D I heard it too : lol be safe!
Breaking News Whitney Houston dead at 48.
So sad.
100 commitment is the key to success or as it has been said...once you have crossed the river burn your boat and you must move forwardgo!
good man.
Hey Jayson, Tyson Wheeler may coach at Fairfield, but he didn't go there, he went to URI where he helped lead them to Final 8
Thank YOU for the follow back!
:
Haven't played tecmo super bowl in so long I don't even know if I could block your extra point with Lawrence Taylor anymore.
Why are 32 of SD's best chefs posing in the same photo?
See Sept issue of SD Home Garden Lifestyles
Before you raise people's expectations, you have to change their preconceptions.
Fulltime students far more likely to engage and succeed than parttime at community college
Wonder what I am going to do for tomorrow
FACEBOOK DISCOUNT TICKETS STILL AVAILABLE!!!
thanks so much!
I swear if LA doesn't get the lead in the next five minutes...
The Militant isn't, he's on the ExpoLine but the McCourt era ends in less than 48 hours!
Denver?
Where is that?
Like I give a shit!
I agree Joe,well put!Have fun with Fear Factor!I loved that show,I am stoked u are back cause no 1 else could fill your shoes!
I love you boo bear3 :'
thanks for adding us!
You're
Thursday doctornks will be at Fanny Ann's in old Sac this week!
Thursday, 7pm, very top floor.
Cheers!
Yeah kg u can't do that buddy
at least half the time.
:
I just wnt to thank u for all ur support...
it will pay off...:
Gm tweeps!
Headed to the stores for last minute shopping prizes for my quests, a lil more decorations Everyone enjoy your day : !!!
Christine Borgman Creativity  Collaboration depend upon knowledge infrastructure in universities.
Its been a long time coming down this road and now I know what I've been waiting for .
.
.
love's been a long time coming.
im in.
you still wanna go?
i dont think itll be too outrageously soggy.
sticky seconds shots
PREDICTION: Sharon Needles
hi!
nice to see you pop up in my twitter feed just now.
hope you're having a good day.
Vegas crew in full effect tomorrow....
Bout to be a good ass night
January, February, March, May, April...
That's how the months in 2012 have gone so far, correct?
Is leaving Las Vegas, but not in the doctornk yourself to death Nick Cage way
How do you master acquiring so many followers?
:
LOL you're so funny, but doctor Pepper is good.
Looks nice.
just sent you all the hints I have
Beautiful day in downtown Chat our lovies almost here for lunch!
and
you know, I've heard that quite a bit actually.
What are your top 34 shops?
Eleanor is sitting on nest outside my office window.
No predator has taken eggs, tho they do every year.
I want to see baby ducks, dammit!
no not yet next Saturday :!
I got 11hrs of sleep and its only 7am
is down in brickell till 7pm.
I can't finish my work.
This is confusing, what should I do till 7pm????
PLPnetwork Great day at PLP capstone event.
Thanks everyone.
I just read Crush It and now I'm listening to it again!
What a beautiful day.
Did some yard work this morning and leaving soon to do AIDS walk to raise money!
Support your local charities.
Bucs win three in a row.
1 game under .500
Russel Martin is a good defensive catcher.
But he needs to start hitting a little bit.
u watching Djones
I happen to think I'm really good at singing harmony to We're Going to be Friends.
Had a great time at SEI's middle school rally supporting my daughter Taji w/ her Gold card honor roll having self  her friends..
RT : It's about time for my biyearly sheet wash // okay, that's just gross, chris
This day keeps getting better and better!
Wow the flower hustler guy I just saw peruse peruse through busboys has a visa machine on his waste band!
Come get up wit yo bro
Phew.
Yankees win.
I got nervous when I saw/heard 3 plays.
Scott's HR and the 9th inning walk/single.
I had bad mojo.
Bar Camp tonight!
Beer Camp coming up 1/14.
Camp is best with alcoholic refreshments we daresay.
You're really forced to reevaluate things when going to the bathroom and showering by yourself is a major accomplishment!
oo where can my ipod be i wanna go on instragram and to txt me peeps
PickUpLine: I think I could fall madly in lust with you.
I always want oysters.
He's not going to be asked.
Nor should Romney pick someone as young as he is.
There are more qualified options out there
I'm Your Queen, Be My King..
That's what suhsd officials r saying too!
Perjury is not city business.
Let the adults talk here!
Why is the word cunt offensive?
backwords it's tnuc or tuck' when you untuck it,it becomes dic and people call me dic all the time.
doctorw: sorry bud, OV winner in the first 3 mins
Yep and now just taught two people how to do the better version of Rammer Jammer.
Waukesha county results 8098 for Darling and 4162 for Pasch, with one precinct remaining.
I don't Even feel like it anymore ...
nothing tired!
:O
Orange out for Evan today.
Evan, is in my thought.
But I apologize, I own no orange.
I had no idea they had crochet classes at michaels!!
Very very cool
I like sparkly things
Haha I bet you were, why wouldn't you be lazy?
;  haha you won't do anything these 4 days?
; xo
WHAT UP G, HOW'S THE LIFE!!
Check out you tube channel.
Great quick and easy recipes.
Glad the husker were able to get it together and come out with the w!
Go Big Red Machine!
hey!
I'm really wanting this challenge!
we need to step up our game!
KansasCity is tweeting a ton right now.
EVERYONE PLEASE GO FOLLOW YOU WON'T REGRET IT3
Tickets for Frightmare Weekend purchased.
Ready to do this!
Who else will I see there?
I always said I was a moderate.
Socially I lean left.
Other than that I lean more to the right.
Common sense moderate.
got a tooth pulled out today.
ouch!
Love what I do!
Things my boyfriend and I bicker about: Double Stuf or original.
Which side are you on?
I'm gonna kick it natural  eat plain tots with ketchup!
the nuns from my grammar school days would weep over my handwriting
Awesome, that'd be great.
:
Doing good!
Rocking the update desk//board on Sundays, we miss you here!
Well going to watch Friday the 13th
Thanks for your response.
We'll have to wait to see if has anything to say...
hate when people say jky like you might be that one last person that makes them,  what if they did how would you feel then?
What.
The.
Fuck.
Was.
That.
I agree that we are having the battle for the soul of american medicine hence
I used to do rock climbing as a youth, but I was much boulder back then.
Thanks Patti much appreciated.
Just learned that has been suspended by Twitter.
Sent appeal...
but not optimistic.
POTUS: By 2035, we will have eliminated the damage done by the show Jersey Shore
then tell tim to cum...
: We're gonna miss you.
RIPSassano..
keep the faith, is an eagle scout, we're in good hands!
I used to love the history channel before they started showing all these silly reality shows.
That's Rosie.
She was Shep/Rott mix Rescue from in 2001.
Sadly passed last year.
Shep head  Rott body.
Back to tally in the morning.
My last weekend in the nasty
Parking avail on 5th behind Capital Grill...
And then look for the and they'll scoot ya over to the Circle!
Beautiful out!
omg I miss you so much!
YES!
we need to hang out like asap 3 I miss all our stupid shit we use to do ;
: I been following him, haha
Your Mantra for the day: If actions speak louder than words I must be yelling.
Whos at Mac Miller?!
Great to hear and glad I could share it with our viewers.
Keep up the great work at Calvary Austin!
Thanks for the FF!
Why was saturday morning cartoons such a big deal when I was a little nigga?
sad day 2day 9 peeps hurt 2 died gunman entered hosptial in pgh pa 2 of my friends wrk there no ones heard from them so ...
IF
I totally don't buy this 'it's going to snow on abq tonight!' hype.
It's one of those doctornks in the hottub kinda nights.
Nice doctoram!
RT Good morning.
I just got brutally fucked in my doctorams.
My body hurts.
So you cant tell me that shit was fake.
yo, the only girl i ever loved, fucked some nigga that i really hate.
I'm kind of scared.
I told my family last night I love dub step.
Grateful for my faith.
It's gotten me thru every hardship in my life  continues to.
I wish each of u faith in something bigger than urself
ahahhaa i always have too much fun with these effects
listening to beautiful classical trombone etudes don't stop!!!
agreed and maybe the top action film of all time.
It was that good.
Dark Knight needs to bring it.
this show or movie thingy seems interesting!!
RT : U must, MUST try the nutella and fruit pizza here!
RT : 25 for 50 worth of Food and doctornks at The Merk...
I've been watching Seinfeld and now, I'm going to update my
I'd like an independent audit in particular.
There's a clear lack of diligence and interest within the city gov't to fix this...
helping patron with computer problems
The best part about summer has to be how much country I listen to
Who will be our first guest on 'Round the Bases?
We reveal who it is on March 8!
Until then let us know your guess
Where you moving?
The secret of happiness is to count your blessings, don't add up your troubles.
Registered Process Server 9165090677.
Serving the entire Sacramento community.
FIU Football battles for the conference championship in 2 days.
Happy Thanksgiving to all my fellow Panther fans.
WHY NOT?
Just wondering Slash was gr8 u look to be about the age so what gives?
Oh this is Twiiter u dont have too...
lol
The US Tax Code, how we pay taxes to the federal government must be revised to be fair.
That's Congress' job.
Just found out I could graduate in December.
What's up Bachelor's degree in 3.5 years?
easiest CMS I've ever used in terms of implementation.
If you know PHP, you'll get Perch in less than an hour.
can't believe you're not going to be in town for the Fitness America contest.
I'm shooting at it.
Would like to have said hi
says B Corps a response to dud social sector I strongly disagree: B Corps are response to dud forprofessort sector.
just sent you a friend request.
Need another excuse to visit?
RT : Randall will be our sommelier tonight, showing off our new vins de terroir wine list!
i'm boredishh
I feel like its gonna rumble my balls, lmao.
this morning on the tv show revolution on abc.
Not what you think.
Will air in 2 weeks.
Make sure that your 1986th tweet goes out to me for graduating from Miami, 1989th for law school, and 1990th for my wedding.
psst...
I'll never be a soldier, Badseed I'm a UNITED STATES MARINE :
Ok.
I will review.
The giveaway is up btw.
Friday  but a very buzy day with 4 appointments.
I should sign 3 payroll accounts today.
Confidence  impact.
You have the skills, attitude, team...
If anyone can make it happen you can!
Bboys make the world go 'round!
Peace 2 the pioneers.
Sorry I scared you;
Torres with a hat trick
have a great game BBN 4 ever
: I love you baby really...do you really love him
love the Sacramento public library Lucky Day program.
Did not know BN nooks included, thought all were in the hold ether
Writing my article for INSTYLE!!!
My Oh My!
You were the best Dave Niehaus.
Enjoy that grand salami in the sky...
A laptop is tied to its battery as far as performance.
baggage handlers, not tsa
You changed it all for me.
Life, perspective, treatment, now i cant just go out and screw anyone over.
Gangstas buy groceries, too
We apologize.
Our hosting provider lost power yesterday  is having issues.
We will be addoctorssing this, we know you rely on us.
Rally time for
Perry get over it.
We are not going to amend the constitution.
There's bigger fish.
JP, I thought you weren't referring to me as that anymore.
Why go there again?
What I just witnessed: a man chase a goose with an umbrella, beat the shit out of it, then stole its eggs.
whatadick/getalife
ok : Always good to make new friends :
APD:Homicide investigators haven taken over investigation of a man who suffered 3rd degree burns after woman throws pot of oil at him.
y can't this week go by faster!?
im ready for the weekend!!!
Sometimes i wish it hadn't ended but most the time i wish i hadn't met you.
Tmw my birthday May 12th to the death of me and gettin dem new js stayin bossed up
It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings.
Kurt Cobain
Gift book as cultural event, marker of class, gender, nation, technology, domesticity, ideological histories, etc.
It's funny how sometimes, wrong choices take us to the right places.
tell him to fuck off
i want a story about Izzie's daughter.
How does keep getting through on idol...
He sucks!!!!
spoon this is how you tell me you're not moving to Boston?
Oh Ricky now you have some esplaining to do....
Can I just say ladies who play college volleyball  Yum
I'm hungry.
Tasting the 2010 and 2011 Barrel Aged Brrrbon with Brewer at Alchemy Project event aef
Just tapped, Fish Tale Brewing Organic IPA
We target mgrs  midcareer archivists, but also professorssionally active ones.
Shoot me an email or call
Thank you for the ff love my friend!
Have a great weekend!!!
Then we are anxiously waiting!
culturalheritageanticipation RT : We are planning something HUGE!!!
I mean HUGE!!!!!
OH, I'm so in this magical bake off ;
Simpsonizers can't wait for Paradise
listening to King Tubby.
He invented Dub.
Kind of a big deal.
If you are serious about making money, visit us at www.KLRGAMECHANGERS.com
A special thanks to all the reviewers, TriC and our sponsors for a successful student portfolio review.
I love you.
I am who I am because of you.
You are every reason, every hope, and every doctoram I've ever had.
i love how your part in 'Follow You' starts at 1:43 ; like i loovve youu 21
Look, I don't care how many times I've been late, retardy is not a word.
Also, you're an idiot.
RT : To be launched this week: Progress of the Worlds Women report!!
Stay tuned  follow

RT : I ain't seen one weave on this bitch yet this ain't Pittsburgh
im in the misterBrayers room,where are you?
I had no reason to think otherwise.
Maybe I'm too gullible, LOL!
End of Cinderella's getting closer to release!!
In other, more important news, go IU Marching Hundoctord!!
superbowl //cc
waves church fan
On the bus blowed and shit
waiting for Friday  will it never come?
i am soo shy , but i'll try ok?
All Fenway locations, including are closed today for Patriots' day.
We will reopen tomorrow.
Madness ensuing on Clark Street early as the Cubs host the WhiteSox!!.
Come by Red Ivy Sports Club and enjoy our Tailgate Garden!
I believe it!
It would be BRILLIAM if you gave me a birthday shout out!
X
i don't have your number, i got a new phone.
text me
Yes the weather been nice on LA.
tan not really haha.
:

RT Ha woman should be loved,respected and honor 365 days of the year and 366 in a leap year
plus, I can't imagine that it will make a huge impact on the hiring process  esp.
in academia
Looking at old school amplifiers.
this is twitter...
half the population is people with dirty minds
I don't like that
Isn't that what is supposed to do for u?
Train him now!
That way, he gets up  3am to change diapers in a few yrs
Follow he needs 25 more
I just signed up for as well, thanks for spreading the word on that.
excited.
Tgif enjoy your weekend
in boulder at Centro.
well this is different :
Chelseafc!
We're going to Munich!
Fernando Torres is a gazelle!
o/  I throw my hands up in the air sometimes, singing aye yo
If you are going to tell people the truth, you'd better make them Laugh.
Otherwise they'll kill you George Bernard Shaw
hell yeah I will 3
Just played Waltz 2 by Elliott Smith on the guitar.
That is a very sad song, but timeless.
I miss Elliott Smith.
And you also tend to end up where you belong, it would seem.
community garden workday this sunday!
124pm Mulch On!
haha its all good
I want somebody to kik me :/
I am actually surprised that people are afraid to give me negative feedback on my writing.
I can't get better without it
pilates .
thanks for the push.
I wish more people were like they're amazing.
: 3
Tailor made3
Petals and Thorns my new cd is available on CD Baby and iTunes
Happy Halloween from the staff at Azarmehr  Associates, PC!
Can everyone follow and give me a shoutout PLEASE
if anything its worse.
go to hell!!
dude, we've never even played you
We're having an exciting day w/our new iPhones!
Busy loading/updating all of our contacts, calendars,  maps so that we can serve u better!
..i spelled best wrong in that last tweet and twitter wont delete it.
just had a great idea
Headed to church.
Remembering all the ppl who've poured blood, sweat, and tears for
Yahoo plans to double Olympic coverage, aims for fourth straight gold medal for total visitors
We were at a table right by the front door, I assumed you knew what I looked like and would come up and say hi.
We'll try again!
I just got Pink Chiffon 2nite!
I smell like candy!
It's amazing!
cool  show me?
: hope I didn't miss something obvious?
South Doyle boys???
ditto kiddo .
We do need to give ourselves that permission, , and we can't wait for others to grant it to us.
Haha!!
Exactly!
Thanks, by the way, for the RT
honestly taken is a masterpiece.
It's my last right now with the nats game.
Soon as we close it out i'm going to taken full time.
Lunch in raleigh
Another fantastic week at Lotus Nightclub  Albuquerque's Best Danceclub!!!
Thanks everyone for your support!!!
Watching NatsDodgerstwo bestnow NL teams.
Occurs to me Kemp is only position player on either team who would start for
You're most welcome!
Something for you to take home, and keep the stress level low in the next committee meeting :
Unreal.
No security cameras?
RT : Someone keyed our Range Rover Autobiography.
150k car.
No big deal.
Assholes!
look up at the top of the conversation dummy
Its Sunday time
more Beeker in the next movie please
GreenTeam pick that shit up, unite
everybody go follow !!!
ill give you a shout out if you go follow her
Starting to...
I usually get scissor happy in the spring...
Trying not to cut it this year.
I need a personal assistant lol :
happy birthday!
: x
Why am I eating ice cream at this time?
I LOVE that show.
I love it more since I didn't expect to enjoy it so much.
It busts my laughing guts  makes me go hmm.
Thunder smacking the lakers around
Extreme Rules isn't until the 29th.
I just hope 132 doesn't show itself in the 5pm hour today on this line.
LOL!
Also I am not a huge magic fan but I am still wondering how Jared did that juice trick.
I'm giving away copies of Housekeeping by Marilynne Robinson for WorldBookNight today.
Ok, I love me some Oasis.
But, yeah.
be easy on that!
Ull let time get away from u!
spreadlove, RT this instead of some of the dumb stuff that trends here, what will you do to make a difference!?!
My grandma need to hurry up!!!
Forgot all bout today.....I was bout to take a good nap too 
All I wanted when I was little was to be a Solid Gold dancer.
Wouldn't work now unless there was a show called Solid Goth.
WHY SHE TALK SMACK?
THREATS DON'T SIT WELL WITH ME.
I WILL PUNCH U BY ACCIDENT ON PURPOSE!
NOW SAY SOMETHING ELSE!
: Just cried my eyes out finishing Their Eyes Were Watching God sogood loser!!
I really don't enjoy having a swollen face.
Today in Literary History: On February 25, 1917 Anthony Burgess was born in England.
gettin the fam back together tonight?
what it do
Happy New Year Fashionistas!
Start it off right with a closet ReVamp!
New Year, New Stylish You!
Email us at
Sitting on van floor feeding fast food burgers to kids who are staring at movie.
Check check 388  389 things ill never do when im a mom
Apples, apple cider, cider doughnuts.
How wonderfully complementary they are!
would you be interested in listing a story about our recent HomelessSummit that focused on homelesschildoctorn  their education?
how do u losers get a 100 followers?
Jean Paul hasnt even hit a 100 conversations with females in his life.
The principles of true art is not to portray, but to evoke.
Jerzy Kosinski
Yeah!
So happy to have Joe and here!
: The Broncos have agreed to terms to resign linebacker Joe Mays.
Stuck!
Obama security detail.
I think I'm going to be late to lunch with the
aurariagsa be sure to vote today!
just farted on her mom!
I bet.
is ty there?
I wanna try something.
You  were awesome on  enjoyed watching u 2 compete again.
Big supporter!
Congrats on top 3!
I want to take this opportunity to wish all the mothers out there A HAPPY MOTHERS DAY, and even though mine is no longer in this life, a da
Yes!!
Rocky 3 is on.
mister T was a bad ass back in the day.
Remember the neighborhood Rock!
I wanna go see TheLorax , ProjectX and TheHungerGames ..I need to find a movie buddy :D
Trying to get healthy community around me, be sure to follow
RT I swear it rains every year on the Thursday before Mardi Gras.
Muses is cursed.
sometimes when you're poor you're forced to cut your own hair.
Ok.
I think I just linked twitter to facebook.
YAY.
Stay tuned for the release of all new Skin Care products from KUMANI.
Coming VERY soon!
Of course my fing dad texts my bf!
Why cant I just be happy?!
well...
you wont be here for another 2 weeks or so.
Sunshine and warmth in February?
Sounds like
I saw that on Valentine's w my date and I was VERY disappointed lol but she enjoyed the MANY shirtless Channing Tatum scenes
hey Mike!
would also recommend Block's later work Stewardship for posing powerful questions
is running for president
I'm in love with my guy I don't need another man in my face ever.
If you can't just have yo chick be single
Great job!
Just got my first bit of Google Chat spam, a sad request from a fake sexxxigurlname
Lmao my own friends unfollowed me.
Y'all some ASSHOLES
Ma says I can take the car tonight to see :0
She told me you had another gr8 edcampcincy!
Congrats.
Wish I could have been there.
I followed
Theres nothing like kicking back with the Kindle and sinking into the best story.
Thats why Im in the emotobooks Revolution.
Great job!
All the best in the upcoming events!
He says the actions are particularly insensitive to Catholic French Canadians, who are potential allies.
better than reviews let on.
The action is what was important and it was great
Student, looking at me as she filled out the endofsemester course evaluation: what's your name, again?
I think I had an impact.
A Mexican wins the Kentucky Derby!!
It's a Cinco de Mayo miracle.
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
22
RT : Another 3 tons of garbage removed from Oliver by  That's 59 tons
Ditto!
Looking forward to our FSU trip!
RT : Happy birthday to one of our outstanding accountants, !!!
adding it to my list!
Gotta go watch Harry Potter with my little ones.
BBL!
Great to hear!
Share the word with your friends RT via : definitely count on mine!
On the phone with the bestie
thank goodness you haven't forsaken too!
r yu goin to miri bear party for her brother?
miri said yyu sarai and alot of ppl from school going
tell him to follow bam!
KCJA Jazz Night Out event on Friday, March 4  R Bar from 8:30  11:30 pm, Dan Bliss and Ron Fleeman are playing, hope to see you there!
Linda Adams, Climate Action Reserve: the further away the offset, the more controversial; how do you know the forest is there?
RT : There's too many baby showers, not enough weddings....too many funerals, not enough graduations.
Morning to all my Patriot friends been working of late but trying to get back to the work of saving America from
thank u :
Get Naked !
It's Eat What You Want Day so treat yourself at lunch.
We're thinking French Dip, Lamb Burger or Grilled Skirt Steak.
...
the greatest instrument of worship is the heart; that's where it all begins!
Proverbs 4:23
dont get cursed over the internet before your bday.
spend the last of being 20 right.
Peace, Love, and Happiness for All around the World!
Another 32 count, this time on Helton; Vogey's up to 63 pitches already
I woke up wondering if I had spent way too much time writing about nuclear bombs yesterday .
Think about cost in pretax income.
That 30 dinner probably cost around 40 or more pretax.
How many hours did you work for that dinner?
At kids orthodontist and they have Finding Nemo on.
Scene right now is craziness at dentist.
Questionable movie choice?
Thanks Cdawg!!
FF the man, the legend because he makes awesome designs and is an expert cat juggler :
Ridiculousness is on now with New season check it out!
My head is spinning looking at everyone's tweets.
need to get used to it.
hair gurus: any tips on how to get a joan harris esque updo?
Nothing Is Impossible!!!
Right back atcha!
Bye, you Tigers!
You've been punked.
Playing WPT main at the bicycle today...
3700 5 day mtt...
lets get through the day with a nice stack :
Just filled out my volunteer application for !
Running helped me overcome so much as a young girl, I'm excited to share it w/ others!
By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong.
Charles Wadworth
IWantYouTo give me a chance
There is simply no one qualified for that job.
Follow us back Blake Thanks
Yeah, I knew it was gone right when it froze.
I was so pissed lol.
we need to hook up soon to party it up babe!!!
Miss ya !!
I'm pretty sure the espresso I had this morning is kicking in now.
On an emailing and homework spree.
Take a chill pill?
Don't mind if I do.
Mayor daley may have stolen a lot of tax payer money, but I'll let him off cuz of all the parks and trees he added to this great city
Way to go cubbies!
It'd be awesome if you could pick how you want your mini's at the burger joint.
Still great though.
...and come to think of it, I don't really have anything of value anyway, so 99c was probably overpaying.
OhWell!
Not talking about you, just talking about what you do to me.
i was going to anyway
thanks I aim to please
Life Doesen't Come With A GPS, And It Should'nt.
You need to know exactly what direction you're heading.
Everybody has that one person they wish they could unfuck...
Good morning!
You awake?
We are!
Meredith is getting you moving at her Power Yoga class today at 78am in Midtown!
Hospital gowns suckk!
CAT scan here I come!
: brian nothing better be wrong with you!
Look at this negro David Stern smirking while subliminally announcing that the season is over
Guy just walked into Bar  Kitchen and ordered 2 screwdoctorvers  a Tom Collins.....if only you realized!!!
NO MO LET DOWNS.
We will need to discuss this tomorrow.
Except that I won't be in, so I'll let it slide.
This time.
Clearly, y'all rock!
Have Your move done easy, fast  cheap!
We beat any licensed mover in Long Island!!!
Minimum work : 2movers  truck 2hours  210!!!
Check out www.twistaid.com!
We make opening water bottles easy!
Apparently there is a Duxiana store here.
12k bed, holy crap!
It was nice, but not 12k nice.
I think I like Stearns  Foster better.
Followed.
And thank you for the follow
Born to please, beware I will tease.
Down for whatever, not lookin' for forever.
BossBitchFacts
The will win tonight!
They'll both be solid, nothing special, but Fuller's size and Streeter's speed will give them a spot in the league.
Good morning
RT!!!!!!
everyone who is following me now, please hit that follow button and follow my new account !!!!!!
.
says its inarguable that improvements to education are needed
I checked around to see if Family Guy is on the market yet.
Sorry to tell you it is not.
But I'll keep searching.
Tweet ASAP
oh?
lol and I have a British cap xD
Cool doesn't even begin to describe it!
Tell your friends and colleagues; we 3 us some librarians!
I love Kim Burrell's voice and everything but she's just singing random stuff.
Ryan Braun is a cheater!
FACT!
RT : Ryan Braun has his own clothing line through Affliction Clothing.
Last night
Denver do it do it do it win or go home
I'm not against a cornerback in the 1st round, however the best thing for a secondary is a good pass rush.
you know it's summer when you begin to sweat while you simply brush your teeth.
how do you know it's summer?
yes, because clearly they have the same customer demographic
What we're witnessing is not politics as usual, but insanity.
And America's real problems sit on hold.
NO PAY UNTIL WE HAVE A DEAL!
Praise the Lord!
Celebrating today's 10K with one of PA's finest creations: Ale from So fine.
: Good morning!
Good afternoon now,have a great day 
and we thought the Lord Sanchez hype was bad.
Unbelievable!
You know you go to a ghetto school when kids pass out in the hallway from smoking too much weed LOLL
MAHOMIES LET'S TREND HackedbyMamaMahone FOR : NOW!!!!!!!
YOU HAVE TO BE KIDDING ME.
SHE IS FREAKING AMAZING.
I DON'T WANT TO LIVE IN THIS WORLD ANYMORE.
Am i crazy in thinking that deserves a Michelin Star?
2 miles this AM only 98 more to go...at once...sigh
AZ a bit thin at guard next year with Mayes, Johnson, York and Parrom..
Some opportunity in that rotation for u!
RT : Heats move on to the next round
: Can't wait to see my buddies at Adair's tonight!
We can't wait to see our buddy Gruber!
hey Khloe how is Lamar handling being out of the playoffs
i hope you'll love it!
It was a Feb IndieNext List pick, Amazon pick of the month, and Pennie pick at Costco.
hi I'm awkwward.
morning, Tina!
Had a blast this week.
Safe travels back to the Fort  I 'll let you know this week when i'll be stopping by ;

extremely talented and beautiful.
Js:
Rain Rain Go Away
that was such a kind message.
Thank you!!
none of us are perfect in our decision making, the idea is to just try your best
My kingdom for some commented code somewhere.
Thousands of lines of code and not a comment or a header to be found
Bitches  Packers...we gotta get a today we have to get the running game going early, ST have to be on point, D bring pressure.
unfortunately I will not be able to attend
Jared Sullinger gets himself into trouble on Twitter.
He really doesn't know LeBron is a touchy subject with Ohioans?
and how did I get on the list in the first place?
RT : Be a little bit wiser baby.
Put it on, put it on.
Cuz tonight is the night when two become one yes.
Hey, look, Chub up 64 on Taint Louis in the 9th...
: Barkley: It's going to be very difficult for Westbrook to win the Skills Contest because he has to pass the ball.
BC party!!
Whoop whoop LOL
Its all politics
AADIGITAL Question for Adam Bain: Which industries are you excited to work with and transform in 2011?
God, It's hotter in my house than it is outside
ooohh i see what u did there :D
wakeup Gotta Get Up.JILL SCOTT
George Herbert Love and a cough cannot be hid.
was that a complete pass?
I think so.
But not in the end zone....
Whatcha think???
'Ego' equals 'Injury' in exercise.
CG Philosophie.
yaaaay !
Congrats !
Miss you !
Nice block by Montero!
I'm going to go out on a limb and predict Game 6 of RangersCaps series is going to be a nailbiter.
Not another crazy plan!
Yes here it is..
Moorea Friday, change n take a quick shower, then join us on the Beach for THE BRAVERY performance!
Facebook winners today are Shane Kennedy, Tony Pshenichnykh, Patricia Williams, Rocio Lopez, Anthony Ybanez!
Contrats and see u at the show.
sigh I hope so too.
But I'm a big girl.
I can handle that.
I think lol thank you best friend!
hm ur right .
On a level it is misleading because all corps., don't necessarily engage in practices which endanger others
Haha.
Who was it?
Disappointment in local restaurant quality is going to convert me to part time vegetarian.
IfWomenDidNotExist men wouldn't have opportunities to earn points with the ladies by writing something chivalrous with this hashtag.
Follow to see what ARTstors Gretchen Wagner has to say about copyright and
Win or lose you still make your hometown proud!!!
good luck tonight bro!
Oh hello new followers!
Shoot us a tweet, let's chat!
I do four days a week, I've been slacking lately though
: : I've only seen three of my classmates since graduation.
: Feel the same way.
Any chance of bringing back the light blue color?
Would love to see that as at least a 3rd jersey.
Scorpio words for today: You are not responsible for everyone's happiness!!!
Appreciation 2day for the opp to take time for myself, walk, feel the pulse of the city  read a book on a beautiful day
shadyside trappin wit we get alot of money we spend it all on doctorgs lets go come outcha crib we rollin
I am a big weepy mess.
let's hang out next weekend.
Except I'm busy Saturday.
Can't sleep .
as always
The Heat are going down!!!!!
Pete Campbell is such a goober sometimes.
20ThingsAboutMe 10.
I'm quiet  shy!!
lol
A3a Proactive s/b meeting, unfortunately, for most it's exceeding ..
So if I have an outdoor fire should I call you first?
I Want To Ride My Bicycle I Want To Ride My Bike I Want To Ride My Bicycle I Want To Ride It Where I Like
Happy 420!
Everyone deserves a muchneeded break and celebration now and then!
check your email.
Sorry I haven't been posting my story!
When we got hacked I couldn't post and I've just been too busy to post any.
I'll start back soon.
Thank you
What's your title?
i don't want to know, i'm covering my virgin ears xD
Sadly yes but we love you anyway : Always in a good mood when I hear the bee gees.
am I my fathers daughter or what??
Dear  love you more than words.
You 
what me?
Never!
;
now I do!
Itchin' for some spring cleaning in my closet for new summer clothes...
sure did and just like my team, he doesn't have a ring either
Want tickets to Avnenue Q at ?
Follow and watch for the giveaway deets.
I love it
RT : 100factsaboutme 30.
I don't speak spanish, but I sure dance like it!!
// thatswhatmatters lol
I like Cheese on my Burger at the Same Damn Time
Don't wait until you're developing health conditions to doctornk alkaline water.
Many diseases develop over a long period of acid buildup.
Nutrition Truth: You will not be able to out train your poor eating habits.
Bouta make that trip to Denver...damn I really need a CD player in my car!
Oo
and often bullies don't think of what they're doing to others as bullying...totally ambivalent to harm they're causing
And the Ham Burger and Big Bacon Blues and Filthy Five Cheeses and Fishers Chili Cheese Burger.
Bound to have a burger lunch today.
Off to Mexico!
WAYNELAUDERstyle like me certified video....20122013:MAKE SURE YOU CHECK THIS OUT AND HIT THE LIKE BUTTON!
Aunt Jemima pancake flour, invented in 1889, was the first readymix food to be sold commercially
Omg I avoid the people who smell bad lol its just not right to not bath
Who do you want to win the worldseries?
ff Will the new Ipad be covered by insurance companies, you think?
Is that thunder roaring overhead?
I just wanna sleep the rest of the day!
hahaha, our opinions differ on that.
I don't place that much importance on wanting or having childoctorn.
ya know it's all well and good that breitbart is a worm's feast now, but limbaugh should've doctorpped dead decades ago.
Happy Halloween everyone!
have a safe flight!
Let me know when u land!
Hmm, not sure if I want to see the washedup indie dad rock bands headlining Bunbury.
I'll wait till the supporting bands get announced.
you are too sweet!
RT now that says it all, Sarah: wonderful, across fr Frederick Douglass estate, keeping history, culture alive!
follow me plz i had a bad day u would make me better if u followed me
thank you for the RT:
There's daggers in men's smiles.
William Shakespeare
Press a toy in the store; toy won't stop making noises....
Walk away, walk away.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today.
It is already tomorrow in Australia.
Hey!
I'm right here!...I think.
Apologies, I'm working with a new company as well as the gunns.
BUSY!
OneThingILove is seeng u in my life everyday
Ah!
I'll be in NY the weekend after that!
Hopefully I can catch one in your next round of workshops.Really appreciate the tutorials!
fool get over to did table doggy!!
Catholics in rural Wisconsin vs NYC vote differently.
They do.
Statistics verify.
you're awesome.
just wanted to tell you that.
:
Happy to see you today during the show!
Dude omg this show right now
follow back?
could not sleep, went to Rasputin, It was a great decision,
Rethinking my options
Fire the Congress!
We can do there job better than they can!
My goal this week is to NOT eat rice and doctornk atleast 60oz of water a day.
So far so good.
:D
Monday Mantra: doctorams are necessary to life.
Anais Nin
Good morning  God bless you, Dezman.
Have a great day today!
I'm in my own zone
it is a subscription channel.
OMG!!
He over exaggerating over a hat?
The pics are done nd published!!
thanks for the follow, I really look forward to some positive tweets from you.
Austin airport
Who remembers 'The Amanda Show' ?
3
If you're late to the game, Azealia Banks flows harddefinitely going to get big.
Check out her song 212 if you haven't.
that feels like decades ago I feel so old yet im only 18..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY and
it's been sunny!
Oh and stormy
Big party June 3 at the W Hotel.
Charity event for I Love Schools.
Visit www.thepapercastle.com for info.
Thanks for the RT!
Have a super day!
Bein nice is gettin me nowhere.
Imma stop holdin my tongue and tiptoeing around ppl.
They will see the true me and they wont like her.
If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would get done...
Thank God for booty warmers.
Freezing outside.
Previously mentioned loud party is still going on.
Over 5 hours now if thump thump thump
aw: find something heavy to lift xD
Having lunch with my sister and mother.
Science exam todayz
Used 2 be a used 2
which movies do we need to see prior to Avengers?
Today feel the freedom of moving any way your body wants to.
Feel your life force inside you as you move.
Hilarious.
Well done.
I've used that excuse too many times.
RT Whenever you're late for something just say, Sorry, I was getting an abortion
remember the time I used a mousepad for a hotpad?
Whoa did you guys see that?
Knicks almost had a stop
Sometimes well wishes and hugs are not helpful but extremely irritating and unhelpful.
Never mind going to the moves
200k is just for UH's broker  Public Radio Capital.
How much do you think Rice University is paying THEIR broker?
Just ask Madison's pimp for a job lol
says if you want to dogood, DO IT!
AGREED!
RT : I liked the show, but felt that they are bored with the new album.
Break through your limitations.
Transform your weakness into a strength.
It is only a limitation in YOUR mind.
10:10  The most common time on an analog watch in advertisements, cuz it looks like a smile
Disney....I think yes 
Miller got better, CW is studio only.
Tirico sounds generic.
RT : TiricoChris Webber and Reggie Miller
joy to our world.
Let's bring the rest along w us and keep em sane, y'all.
The upgrade to a suite at was great, but the fact that my room key STILL doesn't work is very frustrating.
dont sleep on him man...
hit up A dot L!!!!!
correction: they all look spiffy lmfao
What's worse than a disabled train?
Getting stuck behind the disabled train.
Sunday is a day of rest, church and today some Football
Have a bday coming up and want to celebrate at some of the livest clubs in VA or DC email full name  number to
What did u think of RAWTonight?
Amazing to be up going into halftime after that diastrous first quarter.
Read no history: nothing but biography, for that is life without theory
the royals bet not lose to the cubs i promise if they do ima go on strike
be back Saturday.
bestfriend What?
I had a doctoram the other day that I was back in Miami.
hahahaha.
Well, I offered!
And when i hear 'Forever or never' i think of Yu and Kiro kissing and im all like Pelvic thrust
If I can get and 2 follow me.......i will be THE happiest man alive...
Having to play for a game that is yet to 
Losing playoff games is for the birds.
don't be mad now lol.
Good game tho.
Hm....Thanks!
But, not to be a jag, but which article specifically?
RT : Good morning!
We are another day closer to
FF bc he's gorgeous  is full of amazing advice!
What health or fitness questions can we answer for you?
I know YOUR abstract was fantastic.
Hope to see you at
True that lady!
: The weather has been awful here...
Ugh, I hope the sun comes out soon.
Text bice to 90210 for freebies, specials, events, and promotions!
dude, I just finished season one last night.
you have no idea
Not that I'm complaining, but why does the school block YouTube in waves.
Like right now it's not blocked.
Welcome to twitter.
Fatal Crash: Semi vs CarHWY 56 and 284th in Randolph Township, MN.
FOX 9 News will have more details as they become avail
Unknown Talent does what it can genius does what it must.
Thanks for the RT friends!
Sure.
What baby doesn't want to go on phish couchtour?
My neighbors take such good care of their lawn.
It makes my lawn look like crap.
Thanks we look forward to you stopping in!
At Canton Jones birthday party with Candy and My wife
ICantStandWhen someone accuses me of something I did not do.
don't feel bad, I don't know how to add on spotfly either
such a tease.
Lol.
I feel like I just did the worst thing possible..
Open caskets freak me out
Hey it's Phillip Hawkins and I am a promoter for the Palm's Casino resort Nightclubs Reply for VIP guest list
20 million!
Now that's just crazy!
Great youth coaching  USA Woman's soccer 1 in the WORLD: crikey did the US Women's team really beat doctor140?
that's nuts.
can Danielle Panabaker BE any more attractive!?
BRAVO that!
I could handle THAT!
I know my kids,but it still scares me!My nightmare is anyone in my basement doing nothing.
kids Mother's Day Champagne Brunch Hilton Park Cities in OPIO at Hilton Dallas/Park Cities, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Featuring Omelet...
You are every thing to me n wen i close my eyes its u i see
mouth watering!!!
aw that sounds totally fun.
I never realized how boring my job is until the day I forgot my ipod at home...
dats watup yo.
we need ta link up sometime.
yikes, sorry i was caught up in the Columbus Day fun and didn't see this until now...
next time I'd love to
why thank you lol
Jealous of the girls in RNG .
BAILEY3
3 Love u buddy :
Sitting next to my bestfriend, :
DelonteWest is gettin ready for a banging weekend !!!
I'm bored
Thanks eveyone for coming to DesignBizChat today  I'm going to end it here because of the spammers.
Perhaps we can continue another time?
AND I got hit in the face, but its al good
It may be cold, but here in Portland Pearl the sun is shining and the sky is blue, beautiful.
we think so too!
one day for sure bro!!
When was the last time you thought of me?
Or have you completely erased me from your memory?
YES.
With one movie they can just lose some of the slow/boring parts and a bit of the moping.
Lol I crack myself up hahahahahahaha
I will break the law if it means I get to charleston in front of the 1 train for two hours with my ladies
Gun Range RT Paintball or Gun Range?
does it hurt !?
I'm thinking about getting mine done !
Watching last nights Idol horrible why do they make them do greats that like that none of them were any good sad sad sad it's so bad
Skrillex is a beast
they are a mile long!
y los professorsores y
They know what they're talking about
If people are too stupid to go to the reference desk, they're probably too stupid to be helped.
Helping my brother with his social studies project....I wish school was still this easy
looking forward to the Microtheater Miami project opening this week at
I found a picture of you in 6th !
I'm supposed to be here thru the last session, but I'd be OK to go any time after that.
possibly sooner.
Holy rainstorm Batman!
too cool too care
Winston Churchill said this man saved Western Civilization.
Hint: He was a school teacher
Im socially awkward .
Fuck.
Knew I forgot something at home.
.
I recently considered following a few ppl because Ive been flirting w/ 100 followers for a while now  kinda want it
Good Thursday morning world!!
Thank God for allowing me to see this day that He has made.
I'm going to rejoice and be glad in it
Not having reception in the office  
i had soo many guys .
sorry you didnt see cause you got one , jackson .
hilarious sir.
And a class act that kernen
Just chillen at home in bed tried from talking all night lol
The biggest challenge in life is to be yourself in a world that is trying to make you like everyone else.
Marinating chicken is the BEST use for buttermilk.
Om nom nom!
Today is the big day if you want to win a prize from NABJ tune into twitter at 8:30p.m.
Oh, shocker, Jimmy Fallon couldn't hold it together during a sketch.
Wow!
Thanks  for the amazing call about being present.
I always have an issue with nerves when auditioning!
i loooovveee BeyOnce, that girl is BAD !!!..
got 2 see her in concert!she need to come to sac again!
Rainy day  Monday for 100 Alex.
How does a bad day start?
Meek Mill doctoram Chaser 2 good Mixtape....
But majority of the songs sound exactly the same ...
Flow the same on each song...
Pretty standard
what should I do today?
well why else would you want to go to NYC?
I wonder how it would be to go through life addoctorssed as Lady Queen.
Love Lady A but what did If you don't know me by now have to do with their other songs?
Go Badgers!
just stop....

It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste.
My lil Wade is sleeping in!
He's not a morning baby!
Wyatt and I?
up bouncing off the walls trying not to disturb sleeping beauty.
fairly AWESOME, you mean
I'm your Bonnie  your my Clyde  except I'm way cuter and we do not get caught 
sweet like a sugar cube.
hahahaha
heck no
u still pretty I see lol
Forever is never really forever without the ones you love most
Helene has been my bookkeeper for the past several years.
Her work ethic and knowledge of Quickbooks is excellent.
She hustles to get her j
tell me what u want and nothing more
I need to go see dark shadows...I love Tim Burton movies
doing well.
Moving back to Utah in May..
looks like I'll be seeing you around again?
Mission statements, oy.
an a list event crowd at teawithE tomorrow!
XOXO
How soon can you get here?
Wanna doctornk our way around Epcot tomorrow?
yo tonight going to c justin bieber cool :
In the words of the great Ben Franklin, INDIGO TREE PUBLISHING urges you to: Write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
Me to!
We hold our auditions in February and start training in March.
Send me an email and I will be in touch nxt February!
I hope not.
If I am, birth control has failed me epically.
Lol.
Awaiting your song request from Ultra!
RT : Back to my regular Chicago style.
Thirsty Thursday Trivia!
I think that you had the most amazing younow EVER!!
ImAlexsGirl was 1 Ill tweet u the pick : 
Getting it
I support !
You should too!
Is that the speech you just gave to your wards?
He would support any.
This Clinton is the man that ushered in NAFTA.
Learn Chinese for the day:  pink
In a pet store I was mistaken for another customer.
Clerk tried to hand me a bag of live crickets.
Just a tad startling...
My computer's battery is so messed up, but it is an excuse to be outside on such a surprisingly beautiful day!
I followed them ;
Wanna get out and do some good?
Volunteer for a cleanup at FarringBaybrook Park on Sat., 9/10.
More info: Rob Catlin
Please follow 4 news about the renewable energy tech expo in Ward7 at HD Woodson STEM High School, DeanwoodDC, 16 June 2012
Nothing like MW3 noobs on Christmas morning
virtual console
ALOUDTOP3 1.
Biology // 2.
The Show // 3.
Sexy!
No No No.../Something Kinda Oh
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy : 15
The Midas List?
Yeah, sure, amp; I'm Brad Pitt  GigaOM
Just got the word that Robin's maiden aunt wants a pic of both of us for her fridge.
I'm officially a made man...
Gonna have a new neice soon...
:
I'm gonna be late though.
Must.
Get.
Up.
The Rams have taken the lead over the Aztecs 3936 with under a min in the half.
Some of our dearest friends are grieving this hour.
Their precious newborn baby was carried into the arms of Jesus 2day.
Will you pls pray?
Good thinking there Sandy,....
good thinking.
Swimming in my sweats XD damn surgery takes a toll
Hi to our newest followers!
We anticipate volunteering with you Boston.
Thank you!
New fantasy inspired watercolors soon to come to my etsy!
Favorite shop now to see them added!
W.shadowglacier.etsy.com
Ragtime at Duke blew me away.
Great performers and the large allcast numbers were incredible!
knotty librarian has been officially copyrighted : i know have legal rights
Gotta look good for the New Vision!!
Time for the breakthrough!!!
Soldier for Christ!!
COME ON
When Michelle slaps me in the face with Doritos and then sits next to me to munch out 
great video!
Omg your behind me right now
cool story bro
You're not the person that I knew back then
Nothing says mainstream like having your playoff games on CNBC.
League cannot get out of its own way sometimes
Beer is better.
Domestic, Light and Cold.
never tried it
only if we can do a spoof of Troy about your Achilles tendon.
badpun hahaha you got it, Don Cornfatherone
Over 650 AEDs found lets try to get to 700 by the end of the weekend.
ThingsIDislike bratty little kids .
The O.W.S.
was a Quantum Leap Event:Now I know who my friends are and who my enemies are.
Thanks for the turbulence free flight, captain Tom Striker
how long does it go?
I may stop by around 8pm.
Almost done with speaker rehearsals for on 11.11!
wow have they poured their heart out.
You even got a lawyer?
I'd love to speak to him/her.
When you become a man, let me know.
Leading Online Retailer Selects inContact
i am in hs and i love sports and stats how can i become a sports statistician like you?
I'll be the first to admit a woman is beautiful when I see one.
But if your ugly, then your just ugly.
Kemba Walker's only doubledouble this season was a tripledouble.
Love me some for brunch, every single weekend!
Were just two consenting adults having fun, theres no emotional attachment.
Aye babe my phone off until tomorrow.
It went off while we were texting.
smh
Trruueee truee but the Jonas Brothers used to be the shitt
I am a fan of WorldCat identities and looking for ways to incorporate it into the world of prosopoggaphy.
Proso what, you may ask?
This hit me at the wrong time...
Smh
Getting a headache from searching for jobs.
I guess I'll do my actual work now.
the fat blue fox jumped past the boring dog.
fantastic!
You're welcome.
Love the Chickfila friendly mention,  being the HQ of Hope.
Working all day and night.
Works so hard everyday.
los angeles  the audition
Ok Orioles Fans!
Enough already!
Let's hold a occupy Camden Yards!!
Maybe that will get that tightass Angelos out!
at least the warm weather makes exam time a bit more bearable ;
haha ok I'll be sure to ask
Help!
a friend of mine is hitting a roadblock every step of the way trying to get SAG.
Anyone have a surefire way to get in or get vouchers?
OMG.
Want.
You totes know my style!
RT : RT : These are the final days to enter!
Big Baby Contest don't misses out...
pretty kitty Lima!!
:
!!
RT : This new video we're about to come out with is looking smooth.
is doing his numbers chopping it up.
sometimeswhenigetbored I picture what certain peoples pubic area looks like.
I dont wanna live that way
PETA calls it the delicacy of despair...I hope that's not foreshadowing your teams outcome.
saw the Google street view car taking street views yesterday.
The camera ball is red and taller than I expected.
will be back for idol next year!!!!
Post run snack of chocolate milk and slice of leftover homemade pizza!
Still feel like passing out on the couch.
Top Gun!
Ashy ankles bother the hell out of me and I always end up right behind a doctor ass pair whenever I'm in a line.
I want to cheese grade it off
I am well, thank you.
Lots of projects underway with some hefty deadlines approaching.
You?
All Will Be Well by Gabe Dixon
THIS RT : Insert depressing quote from a book that a girl didn't read but still shares with the world
REALLY SERIOUS bloody mary craving
I was as lost as you are until I did.
Michael And Mason Ain't Come Tho.
use the code socialmedia if you'd like 10 off tickets :
really lol it was good
About to head into class.
ugh, we were supposed to read a whole book this week, and finish it by today, I didn't even start :O
Happy birthday,
After the Agony of Youth, the Ecstasy of Surfing  New York Times
hahaha that way he can be someones bitch
I thought it was Tuesday lol
When muthafuckas are having women problems and ask me what they are doing wrong I tell em they don't have enough in they life
It was soo good: Favorite Avenger?
People always argue when someone goes thru their phone!!!!
I just did a Native American rain dance.
When a friend is speaking look them in the eye focus on their energy give your complete focus to them as if no one else in the world exists
is looking forward to all the new beats that came out of ultra 2012 should be some goodies!
My coworker spoke to BLS this morning.
ahh!
I see.
Yes nightside keeps me tucked in much later than that!
Hey and I saw one of your parking enforcement officers speeding and running lights KstNE between N Cap and 8NE.
DC6772.
10:20pm
Is it me or can you feel ALL the positive energy in the world ThuSat?
Sunday is eh but it leads to the doctoraded Monday.
Well it's official, I just finalized the purchase of 130K shares of News Corp.
Stock at 13.67 per share!
Doing it again next month too!
RT : Kevin Garnett: We're not dirty, we're firm.
We play aggressive, but we're not dirty.
Celtics Hawks NBAPlayoffs
MY BROTHER DIRTY !!!!!!
L M F A O .
Ole nasty ass.
Analysis paralysis: Dont let endless analysis get in the way of getting things done.
True innovation is the result of action.
What has been your benefit of using Linkedin?
Words With Friends is being skeezy today.
MyNextBoo would have to be from
My grandparents are out dancing with friends and I'm watching tv in my pajamas on New Years.
75 and sunny here in SoCal today.
It's why I love living here.
Grand Rapids was a great place to grow up though.
Were have friday after school YMCA football games been this year?
This CP3 trade is a mess.
The NBA really stuck their neck out on this one.
I am not worthy to cover Gerard.
he started it!
Today is a new day!
No more physics tests yayayayayaya
69Factsaboutme 36.
I love summer because I can swim!
5pm today 1st sxsw performance open to the public w/ and more.
: We can still be friends is like saying, The dog died but we can keep it.
Shout out to all my new followers.
laying down vibing ,and precious wss trippen on me last night smh
that's realy cute!
Gratitude: fresh haircut, veggie pizza, looney friends, out for doctornks, memories of being young and foolish, being older and more centered.
yeah version 2 will be a whole mess of new girls I've been working with all exclusive and all original
Happy Thursday!!!
RT : Hey, hey Everyone!
Happy it is Thursday!
course its me!!!
who else would it b?!
sure as hell not that stalker dude from skool...
Work went by so quickly!!
Now time 4 bed
askanything: Strawberry Shake or Chocolate Shake?
I miss your lips on mine.
Good morning!
Its a slow news day in New York  the Tribunes headline: STATEN ISLAND VILLAGE TERRORIZED BY MAD DOG
I love when someone kisses you and you get chills down your body.
Dancing with the Stars recap: Elimination dance duel adds doctorma
to host Block Party AFTER PARTY 5.19.12.
All Block party donors with wristbands in FREE.
DjsforObama
Passed by a jogger in a tshirt: pain is weakness leaving the body.
Absurdity at its best.
Space mountain bitches !!!
Max gets to hang with Auntie ALL DAY!!!!!
I'm jelly!!!!
Love you both!!
Xx
Fuck A Duck...
It's BREAKFAST.
I HATE Mickey D's Breakfast...
Guess it's a sign from that I don't eat tonight.
Where's Meisha at?
About to start packing shoeboxes for OCC!!
Whoot whoot!!
This will be awesome!!
There's a line forming at Wegmans to get sausage  bacon.
let us stay young or let us live forever
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
If you suddenly had the power to read minds, who would you choose to read first?
Aw, thanks for the FF!
:D
I'm black cherokee mexican and native indian american
PhotographersRetaliate:BLACK FRIDAY Shadows can't be only thing that breathes life into a subject Celebrate Tuxedos Only
what r they saying to u....?
Good choices!
We embrace the timeless classics too
sweet sweet popcorn tasty
none :O
Got the last available cardio machine at the Hilron fitness center  it's only 5:30!
iug2011 folks r really dedicated!
travoltas attorney denies that his client groped and exposed himself to the masseurs that are suing him.
Im no lawyer, but thats a good move
oh ok what flavor?
I have strawberry,chocolate,vanilla,or cookies  cream
the Ugandan teacher is a tech teacher HS age
good pump fake lebron,,
She could love you good, but I could love you bettaaaa
Heading to the stadium.
We'll be in Va.
Beach shortly
FUCK Y'ALL PHARRELL IS MINE!
Glee: Jersey Shore Edition staring Justin Bieber, LeBron James and Oprah as the Chilean Miners
A ww18 goodie bag!
My annual shirt and a copy of New Shoes on a Dead Horse by , courtesy of Thank you, Russ!
thanks...he's so full of himself!
Proud day to be an American.
the video editing has begun.
OMFG I CANT BELIVE IS GOING TO MOVE TO FLORIDA AHAHHAHHA I GO THERE A LOT GOING TO MEET HIM CANT WAIT 3 HIM AND SUPPORT HIM
There's the Jean Paul Gaultier retrospective at the de Young  it was really cool.
Governor declares state of emergency as Irene approaches.
Forecast for weekend: 30 chance of rain.They can't both be right.
Beliebers are such creepers sometimes .
.
.
like, I'm so proud.
'
We're gonna hafta.
We must reminisce over doctorvers Ed.
hey dog, they're showing one of yr movies on the Brazilian channel, O Globo.
bouta wash my hair!
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
Pull a Rick Flair, nice FSU has to win the ACC b4 leaving, Take the trophy, doctorp it in a trashcan,  announce intent to leave
how did it hold up?
man,I watch your reviews all the time..
You're badass!
Watching V for Vendetta Now after your review!
T2 next!
Twitterhea: The Unstoppable Urge to Tweet
Why do I even bother?
washes handz
yes i did !
Saga's great!
I can't stand when men act like dead beat husbands  boyfriends..
We should be ashamed when we act like that.
Taking Books finally done.
I mean there's plenty more years, but I'd like to finish my dissertation before the heat death of the universe.
I feel your pain...
You can do it!
Great my day is ruined
Doesn't look he was bf material.
Or maybe I such at this.
:/
Had an awesome time playing the emerald coast songwriter's festival in Destin, FL this week!
Now back to Nashvegas!
lol.
I would love to.
It's official  Dolphins will doctorft a QB and go to camp with Matt Moore, Garrard and Rookie  And oh yeah, no one to throw to.......
cause on a clock, the number 12 is higher then the number 1.
get it?
I think it was a pretty successful night
why is it so hard to find the right music on all those digital stores?!?!
missing dancerecords.com...
Oh thank goodness.
Rigsby is still alive.
tell her you know a girl named Jama thats gonna come beat the pee out of her if she dont quit.
Idiot.
All you people who had fits of laughter during New Years Eve should feel terrible.
looks down in shame
When it comes dont dick eat
For the record, as a not vikings fan, I'm glad the stadium bill passed.
wish the racino plan went through but that's just the Sconnie in me
thank you so much!
A lot is riding on it.
How are you?
always nice to see you!
RT : Just got my hair done at I feel like a supermodel, thanks Brittney!
so fucking sick of everything
good job in the irony with the mixer placement!
LOL
Some of the hardest working people I know haven't the time to sit in theaters either!
Traveling to Knoxville today by train, bus, plane and automobile!
Glad it's nice weather!
Plz help us RT teamkevin he has cancer and his wish is to take taylor swift to his senior prom..
Plz help us make this happen
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Bacon RT : Charlotte's Bacon.
Occupiers marching down 23rd right now, making 23rd only marginally louder than usual.
Woot!
The MTA condemns comma splices
and you!
You seem really laid back :
Great Job Ricardo
Spent Mother's day with great moms today; both at baseball then grilling out with mom, my sis, Meliss  family
Hope your interview went well!
I am not afraid to die.
I am terrified of life.
seriously Mike?..us ranger fans dont care about how John treats you leeches?
He's doesnt like you guys but he loves his team
Today rocked a little less hard than yesterday, but only because yesterday was COMPLETELY MADE OF WIN.
Any day would suffer by comparison.
lol most likely yes.
I have to let you know if its a forsure thing though : but il be spending the rest of that day with you
Who else is hooked on Minecraft for Xbox360?
W.bbvacompass.com/ontour NBA in ABQ.
Let me know for VIP access
You could see the gears turning in Edwards head when his father was telling him not to jump.
Wooohooooo my birthday day is in 4hr WHAT NOW!!!!!!
I have not seen a field goal blocked in a long time.
Dear oneonta, it's 630 in the morning.
Stop with the crazy noises.
I need sleep.
I feel at ease when I'm chilling with my mom .
Just walked to Gentlemen Jim..
Free pizza at happy hour..
Cheers!
Pressure's on!
You won't be disappointed RT I think this will be even better than last yrs.
Psyched.
Call me
Want to offer your customers telecom solutions?
We have a fantastic deal that gives our channel partners 100 of the professort!
Reply for info.
Tariq used to be itty bitty!!
he was too busy chasing around !
;
Thanks Facebook for running many folks day with the surprise announcement that all pages are being converted to timeline views
Out of 175 2012 presidential candidates, I am the only creating opportunity and jobs right now www.bruzzesiforpres.com
depends if I do go I might fall asleep from being sleep deprived..
Now stop replying cause I need to go to bed
M..
I might just take my blanket to school.
It's that cold.
Yet I refuse to shut my window:
Yesterday was a great day 
need a someoone for a video shoot ill be in atl the 9th 16th of april
did u use a template?
A friend is looking for a resume writer, any leads?
I stay away from niggas that could land me in some trouble.
Lavar Johnson has some mean uppercuts
yes!
and its some song from the '70s and REALLY LOUD.
So much to do.
Procrastination sucks, but not as much as actually doing the things you were saving for later.
break a leg!
Is that like buying your wife a vacuum cleaner?
But with reversed gender roles?
Hey!
Just ondemand for right now.
:
Knicks ain't got no hope
in my mind, nope:
Friday  The Lucky One
Finally seeing the hunger games!
If you think somebody close to you is having mental impairment, use interests and passion to get them reinterested in what they enjoy
don't even start with that lol
Haven't heard Waking doctorams yet?
Want to?
You can hear all the tracks at www.chrisdingman.bandcamp.com
that's cool.
Haden needs to stay away from there.
And the Barley House lol.
Seems like he's always there.
Haha!
I'll see what I can do :
I just met some Guardian Angels at a Max stop.
Odd!
idk what i dis but ok.
I Want You Back
tweets I collected from January 25 till March 1
A sense of humor is the ability to understand a joke  and that the joke is oneself
Everyone has a story.
Child Sexual Abuse is not a new story by itself.
What is your outcome.
How has your story impacted you?
me too!
Listen for a honk out front!
Haha
So I have to go to crew instead of watch the Giants game.....
I think I might cry!
I wanna find a cute  funny
la la la laura!
i miss you!
x
Crossfit once again kicked my butt.
On the road to Philly wow the weather is amazing!
See you soon !
See that's why I can't fuck wit commentators....
Don't ever compare Allen Iverson to Andoctor Uglidala
Work hard from sun up to sun down.
I just can't get enough of this!
that's not a bad shot, looking back
hay things are a little better today
oh man, me too!!
well..for a fart...it smelled pretty good.
:P
Im starting to think oomf's page is more like spam...ggsssh
i still give certain ppl the time of day when i know they don't deserve it..
but u know, Karma's my wing woman  she does one heck of a job.
ready to see on 106park on wednesday :D
Reunited and it feels so good jajaja :
I'm speaking at the Sacramento Pub Library this Sunday.
Topic: Using the NEHGS Site Like a Pro.
1:30, free to the public.
RT Pavel Datsyuk, David Backes and Patrice Bergeron have been named finalists for the Selke Trophy, best defensive forward
I want some subway
Still collecting money for the project Miss Texas to be the best it can be.Contact me!
Great turnout tonight!
Wake Forest, under President Hatch's leadership, has a real commitment to service!
woah!
I've never seen a garbage truck like that!
you bitches working tmister??!
Im lmfaooo at Chiquitaa ass during the first half cap rehearsal lmfaoo I look soo retarted right now
Matthew Broderick and Kelli O'Hara!
I live in NY and would LOVE to see the show!
photoshop cs6 has autosave!!!
WAY COOL!!
The background save function pretty cool too!
Yes, gents.
Your dulcet tones can occasionally be heard here in Seattle!!!
Hope you're both well.
Come visit!
my favorite orlando nightclub
This is exactly how I feel.
Additionally, I have a hard time helping myself so how can I help others?
Congrats again.
The picture on Facebook of you and the Lila is great.
Proud papa, for sure.
Enjoy it.
The music industry is currently irked by an article published n PC Mag listing alternative P2P services n the wake of the LimeWire shutdown.
Big hit love the Hazelnut!
When you get a minute, would like to talk with you about some ideas
RT : y do U have 2 follow me 4 me 2 DM U?
That's stupid.
If U follow me, U shld be able 2 DM me, my actions irrelevant.
Agreed!
Feel better soon!
RT : AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thx guys so much been sick w/ the flu this making my day
Rec'd msgs regarding an open HRIS Analyst/Associate position to fill in Richmond, VA.
If that is your expertise, doctorp me a line!
Lmfao nighas is pathetic its funny how when i dont do what u want me to do im a dirty slut and i have billions of psychological problems
Time to start cooking a big ass ham  I don't mean
did u have this problem?
We have a trademark on the name saynplay for educational software so am hoping we r covered!
That was lame!
You couldn't even see the strike zone!
If you head out of town for a weekend vacation, do you usually post your whereabouts online?
Last tweet via  Thanks for that great inspiration!
doctornking red powerade on break was probably a bad idea....
MyMouthIsRed 
Great article.
See the illusion of truth heuristic.
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it.
George Moore
oh ok
Just hit 500 followers.
You all should sign up to our email list so you can stay up to date and have a chance to win the cool prizes :
Ok Meek set this mix tape off on this intro...I love this niggas rambling ass flow
Thanks for the FF love Jamie!
We laugh so hard snot comes out
how much would you charge for being his date doctor
The Bellmen have yet another show in the works for
so i can help i guess and because i'm just really excited LOLOLOL
Just talking with my dad about that.
What a rip.
Arby over priced
Uumm ..
2 my knowledge, I NEVER followed you!
Never saw you in my followers list either.
All is well!
How are you?
Carrying on the day market research and campaigns for the holidays.
Yes, are great!
RT : GREAT times is chorus.
:DD Feeling Dizzy!!!!!
lol
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Porn :
Grow big in Boulder with petite vegetables
I always tweet pics
Want a free COMP bottle tomorrow nite 4 ClosetSundays Hot  Haunted Halloween Party w/ Live?
Follow  RT to WIN!
Loyalty Over Royalty
: THIS .
RT : russell brand is so attractive Pretty much.
Thank you!
So excited to go back to again!
Members of the Team  Chicago Area project are talking about experiences in community activities  advocacy.
Thank you for the beautiful pic of our showroom!
hey you're really cute :
even more pink hair :
RT this if you'll be at our Step Up to Double Rebate day today!
We'll be here until 8pm!
it was pretty humid here too  surprisingly so.
I came in about a minute earlier than my plan, so I was really pleased!
Subtweets aren't always about who you think they are.
Received the Scarecrow 2009 allocation 250 per bottle sold in a three pack case.
I'm in a Twitter slump.
I've lost 9 followers in a week and can't even get a porn bot or Russian to follow me.
Just like you.
its cold as fuck outside
Agreed!
Very awesome tune in the oven....
cooking up quite nicely!
Location mentioned in a student story: Statin Island.
No cholesterol problems there.
Bout to see the avengers with
I don't like it when people swap last n in my name 4 a t.
Don't want to be taken for Larry's son.
Rather be Errol's grandson.
What doesnt kill you makes you smaller.
Mario
Err, best...
Yeah, someone was up until 3ish for no particular reason save some fun research.
thanks for following Leo!
: that sight of the blues lifting the trophy makes me proud to be a manc.....
a proper manc...
what thing????
that sounds rather sarcastic..
:
EAdoctorvision so what did y'all eliminate?
Your devoted fans await specifics.
How much does a polar bear weigh?
Enough to break the ice.
I am at the gym.
Really, really enjoyed your kids  and appreciate their speaking up when addoctorssing these not so great anymore ears.
Only on Twitter could I feel good about being a girl's 1,500th...
hotel bathrooms do, sometimes.
still nothing.
Contact She said she has pix and a story.
Let me know!
Free, fun, safe,  green ride for evening entertainment  events in Downtown Austin.
The most memorable, costeffective marketing option!
going to rhawnhurst today.
meeting new people3 should be a lot of fun.
hit me up :D
Happy National Teacher Day!
BrianWesbury to LPR2011  recommends vonmises book Human Action as best economic reading  hard read, but excellent.
Goin to see the Avengers!!!
.gonna hit Universal :
Thank you, sweetie.
I'm a lucky lady, that's for sure.
Good Morning Sunshine 3 Don't allow anyone or anything to steal your day!
Own, Live  Love it to the best of your ability Monday's Mine!!
Stephanie's Ponytail by Robert Munsch: Bald Kids Learn Valuable Lesson...
cors ya will.
You are a MIlF and u will continue to be a MIlF after jackson
haay Tori: P.E was fun in 6th grade with you and everyone else haa!
2 more days until I'm back in the studio gonna cut the vocals for my two new songs!
YOU be the agent for change!
just pinched the mic chord and released, then a whole bunch of jokes came out a once
Regardless of crap beer being served, I'm stoked to see tomorrow.
Thanks for bringing it to town!
ThingsTwitterDoesntCareAbout Who your latest flavor of the week is!!
This storm is amazing!!
between the chocolate  mello yello i've had this morning, sitting still  focusing is now proving to be problematic :
hey :D make sure you but LOVE ME on Itunes !
: NOW !
3
Media/podcast support is an area where apps seem to be better than the Reader website.
Thank you Jill...
Have a great day as well!!!
Jerry
Some Bull lol
I have an opportunity for a full time temp office position 10/hr for a couple of months beginning 4/23.
Let me know if you know of anyone.
Rain rain go away come again NEVER!
Especially when I'm suppose to ride a 30 something mile bike trail!
GOP mantra: bankrupt China and bomb the Middle East off the face of the earth.
I'm waving too!!!!
got 3 fancy office chairs today and they came with 4 pieces of candy.
i ate them all.
Think skinny!
Awe...
how creepy.
A I dig your enthusiasm.
And, B I'm just trying to keep the mystery alive.
Glad to hear so many of u are making the trip from out of town to get the HOB show.
You guys are really incredible!!
9 days left!
I know!
It's my favorite day too.....
But you are here in spirit!
:
Now time to rest and get ready for Monday.
aww, I'll especially miss you guys!
But we'll still have our usual glee recaps on Facebook haha
The essence of life is to care.
The opportunity of life is to serve.
The secret of life is to dare.
The beauty of life is to give.
Nothing quite as enjoyable as a server inexplicably crashing.
ROC Stop into our shelter on this beautiful saturday and visit all of our animals available for adoption!
I used to office w/u wild basin I'm launching a new productwondering if you'd be open to lunch when back in Austin
It's so cool!
getting pages blocked by fire host protection...
Wow going through the people that I follow!
What an amazing group you are!
Excited to see tonight with my two favorite men.
Getting back on my feet
I really don't see how Britney Spears still has a singing career
She sez bolding things, making indentation less inline/more varied, break lines, etc  harder to gloss over w/o seeing the info
wait we are singing o.O I thought we were just watching
Odd commercial from Chipotle featuring Coldplay's The Scientist.
Why do Fox Hosts ask guests What does Obama need to do to get reelected or raise his poles do they want him to Win?
Attention: do NOT POST OR RT A TWEET WITH THE N in ANY FORM!
You will be blocked.
This is a PMA zone!
We're VERY serious about this!!
yep yep 15 minutes
Thank you for the mention!
I want to introduce you to a youngman wes.
A kid I'm now working with
Seeing Contagion tonight...
TEET ME !
:D TWEET ME !
:D FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW 3 TWEET 3 FOLLOW 3 TWEET ME 3TEET ME !
:D
Hi how are you
Go Pacers!
The West is rooting for you.
Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women
I really thing hiccups are something we should be researching!
They don't make no sense.
update US, that is
was the krackenon your tout wars team?
RT : This movie ought to work 60 of the time, every time.
Just BE yourself.
It's the best YOU you can ever be.
And there is and will be only one.
congrats!
:D
Contruction on the LagoVista Police Station building is coming along well!
Just went to the site.
Looks great!
announced as inaugural and major sponsor of

anyone got idea for a cool name for the contest ?
That's because is turtles all the way down
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time
Pig racing is showing on Sky Sports News.
Not kidding.
Thanks Barbie, glad you liked it  
The last time I was in Dallas they just started construction on the stadium.
Presentation is a way of life in Real Estate.
Buyers in todays market look for good presentation many basing their final decisions on it.
So excited  my Rose bag is set to arrive on Monday!
Cannot wait to put my new Nikon D70S inside :::
Follow the members!
and
check out right now live on www.rappinlounge.com get ya chat and network on !!!
Hey our favorite followers Remember tweetup and menu unveiling tomorrow!
Many in Congress interested in exploring value added tax, CBO's Elmendorf said today
America39;s Next Top Model Controversy: Five Possible Reasons Behind the Cast Shakeup
Saturday September 26 Jessie Brown Band tickets are 7
Lets Go Heat ...
Nice.
Won't be long until you're managing cloud client hardware resulting from the Wyse acquisition.
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.
; thank's 4 the follow xD
true...
It's good to see some positive words
the other white meat?
if i could forget you then i would snap my fingers and get my wish but sadly it doesnt work like that
Thanks Jeff, yep really happy these last few days.
Caught us by surprise : //cc and
Not talking to you kills me :
She didn't know it couldn't be done, so she went ahead and did it.
Mary S.
Almanac
Please follow and let her know that i sent yu!!!
thanks so muchchhhh
N4S Motorsports Contest: Check out our Facebook page for more info.
Inter Partes  Made between two parties
Me too....been waitin' a lot of years to be legitamately Dopey!
give me.
chocolate chip pancakes  mod sun 
Pick me !
Who else would play off pity for the death of their grandmother for Super Bowl tickets?
Shows real dedication!
Watching Taylor Swift : Journey To Fearless 3
Thanks, Leslie!
Are you into Emotobooks?
Bought a Flip Video Camera!
Already have 2 videos uploaded to my youtube
What is being done to preserve data created during research?
What data can be searched?
i bet your ass is jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth
Dear whoever who's reading this don't forget to smile today.
: x
These types of injuries are extremely serious for NFL players.
He may never be the same.
Octopus Monday trivia question: What Animal was featured on the Rock Boat VII poster?
Thanks 4 the add , u should check out
Hello Greyson.
Stopping by to say hello and to wish you a great week.
Take care and best wishes always.
John is still my go to track to get the day started
break a leg with your confoo talk
On following your interests vs talents: There's a word for something you enjoy doing that you're not very good at.
It's called a hobby.
Januuary 29th is coming fast get your tickets now www.rocktagonmma.com
i know!
i would rather carry my own than deal with that, lol!
I feel like I'm incomplete when he isn't with me /3
fuck em win or lose the nuggets showed they aint fuckin around
Indigo is very excited to introduce N4, our newest luxury paraben,sulfate, and cruety free line from Newport!
Rose knowingly violated a baseball rule whose penalty has always been a HOF ban.
Honestly, why is this even being discussed?
research underway could one day enable Supersonic travel over US for first time in 50 years.
Juarez is the greatest political leader North America has ever known.
thanx boo all love : thanks for coming
Gossip gossip gossip.
That's all I hear nowadays.
This Potbelly sandwich line in Rock Center is out of control.
And yet I am in it.
HUngry for some McDonalds!!!!!!!
yeah, I felt pretty uncomfortable with her just staring at me...
TAPS blow out!
I win for biggest plate EvEr!!!
not knowin what 22...
editing a pic
Miss you too buddy!
Enjoying some RR in SouthEast FL.
Keep up the good work brother!
Off to captainva Island 2morrow.
Nobody Will Ever Change You Know Why?
Cuz He's Perfect Just The Way He Is
bed time for mi now
Have I ever told you that the way you say 'gross' makes me laugh?
Every time.
Never fails.
Hello everyone!
coming up now..ur welcome
same here!
My sweat glands are always on some other shit lol
Will take as a compliment : RT : You have my goid friend and his firm mixed up with ours
RT Change is a death threat to the brain Jaimie Cloud
I'm watching it on netflix haha
Always trust your heart because every beat is telling you something
: So far me and , but as folks show interest we can definitely arrange rides!
Happy 4th of July!
Celebrate by going out in Style with the Green Goblin from OKC Party Bus!
Going to have to climb our balcony because locked me out while I was at the gym...
ouch.
tough loss.
Chokin' my way thru a crowd of cougars on a smoke break.
Whose pants are too tight and shirts cut too low?
Not mine, but I think you know.
Props to you and Robby for introducing us to Diddy Riese.
That place is AMAZING
I've learned to just admit that this is in fact a nap and not work.
Switching back and forth b/w the mac and windows O.S.
is so challenging to me.
Simply cutting and pasting is frustrating as the day is long!
Anthony Robles the one legged wrestler from Arizona state just won the NCAA national championship.
Wow.
Nothing is impossible.
Watch the replay.
Zillow?
I use Loopnet and CoStar for commercial sales.
They may do residential.
Much better if you pay a subscription.
thank you
Went oil painting at Fisherman's Terminal today.
I would not say I'm competent yet, but I'm solidly past disastrous.
i tweeted to you but forgot the and btw, chuck is a jerk.
np.
N I havent yet got a chance to talk to u.
But im really sorry about ur Dad.
But u Krupal n ur mom r in my prayers.
YourGameIsWeak if you fuckin ugly fat bitches
Next time you see me, just STHU
Good morning everyone 
Hauptfeld states that SDCC doesn't need to reinvent the wheel.
Cut bureaucracy and the community will flourish
No !!!
: New York Giants topple the SF 2017 in OT for the NFC title.
Just passed the music store that bought her first guitar at.
m/
Uh Oh.......666 Followers
This DC cab smells like cat food.
Good news, deserves a raise after last season!
Wanted to say what an amazing round you did at the Rutledge last week!
Loved it!
Beautiful music: Congrats on the new cut!!
What you're doing is incredible and inspiring.
Way to go.
Rock out!
RT : Today!
RT : Looking for work?
Job fair 10 am2 pm, Commons at Green Bay.
50 employers expected.
I wanna go to Tahiti!
Thanks for following me, again!
im not gettin off ok
mydivorcesong Party in the USA
OMEGA PRODUCTIONS NEW LOOK BEGINS TODAY!!
TWO PROJECTOR SCREENS HAVE BEEN ADDED FOR LIVE VIDEO MIXING!!
Get 20 off all gift certificates through December.
Schedule today to receive 30 off your massage!
The spam messages on Twitter are more annoying than FarmVille requests on Facebook..
: : EVERYONE SHOUTOUT TODAY!!
IT's HIS BDAY!!
HE IS 17!!
If we add Bennett as expected...hang 9!!!
Limitations live only in our minds but if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
Jamie Paolinetti
Kit Kat's are soo amazing.
Although, I like to eat them in layers ..
very strategically like an oreo cookie
At Quest Software Partner Circle
Y'all are so talented!!
i wish i could go : but its ok.
cuz no matter what i will always support you!
3
We are looking for writers for upcoming issues of , email with writing samples/resume, good luck!
Yup, first ever, eek!
I'm both nervous and excited.
Hopefully I'll have enough energy.
I'm not a morning person!
need to share some of his bitches lol
hubby stares at me carrying three wine bottles to the recycling  I dont have a problem!
alright!
hubby laughs 
My heart is heavy .
I want a white girl with a black girl body.
sighs too It IS perfect.
Why is John King CNN giving Demint a free pass to spout uncontested, radical views
putting newbies through socialmediabootcamp.
GO !
What would be a good onigiri stuffing?
I'm committee to making fancy lunches this week
had similar encounter last week w/7 and 9 yo.
N word is Nerd and F word was fart;wonder how long this will last
Me too.
My doctorechanicNail girl.I told the nail girl once.
You're the longest relationship I've ever had, 10 yrs LOL
Two words.
...Scary Movie....
If u forgot...watch it NOW!!
Expected take off is now 4:30.
We'll see...
This farm girl says repairs always take longer than you initially think.
Oh I'll go to Madonna!
Way to soon to commit though.
Submission deadline has been extended to 14 April 2011.
See also www.epartconfernce.org.
My boyfriend is so into MIOBI .
:
We regret to inform you that we had to back out of The Break Contest.
We have a lot of big things coming soon though so stay tuned!
aha!
Great to understand the origin of an idea and how it transferred.
Reminds me of what I read in inGenius.
Great work!
I love the design, but the links don't work if you want , we can look at it in class?
I think im burnt to a crisp after being outside all day.
uh oh
RT If you love someone, let them figure it out...
If you push to hard you might push them right out of your life!
Oh, man.
Guess that explains the headaches, loss of cogitative ability, funny looks.
The Argos are world famous brother!
kahne finds that youth who participate in online communities have higher levels of civic engagement.
2 wk countdown to find a summer job.
Superstress activate.
I get them too.
Titans only have 28.1 million under cap Broncos at 44.7 million
yup, that's how some of my kids treat me.
I guess the key is assertiveness though that had never been a strong suit
It's so pretty outside 
Thanks!
That is so good to hear!
Massive.
RT : I feel like there's a huge discrepancy between what people want and what people SAY they want.
leg really hurts right now
Going to the Wizard's Ball in full costume with I tried for steampunk, but it's more doctorQuinn, Town Doxy.
The cause cannot always be the company; instead, it must also be manager's pursuit of their own values within the company.
Betsy Johnson is going out of business.
Time to buy everything.
Four Southeast Housing Markets Among Worst in US
To achieve success, whatever the job we have, we must pay a price.Vince Lombardi
Stay tuned for very aggressive Shin Do Kumate' Muay Thai fight campaign in 2012.
thanks.
hakhsjhsjs i want tacos now.
Netflix all night
remember that we have 90 employment and over 90 of people are making their house payments on time, GLASS IS HALF FULL !!!
On behalf of all we would like to thank the Jr.
League of Baton Rouge for their generous gift  our new booth display!
Did it involve cooking the most chemically pure meth in New Mexico?
Conservatism out the window in this 2012 Republican Primary.
I would be shocked if Santorum or Gingrich revived there campaigns
hanging out
New fav: this is going to take a while
Carla is going down tonight!
morning all TGIF we made it
Looking at the Angel Tree wishing I could take care of every kids' need...let's all try to do our part this year!
Best way to watch Melancholia: on a turbulent plane ride from Detroit to LA.
NEXT YEAR FOR SURE!!!!!
..
Thanks for being a UFL and Nighthawks supporter!
thanks!
teva  isabel miss you.
they're being watched by the bad lady in your absence.
I guess.
I'd rather just attach something like a Boxee or Apple TV or Xbox with Kinect and use those.
More upgradeable.
I LOVE PSYCHO!
listening on my way to a fish fry
I fully support this Soul pilgrimage to WeHo
Just found out is signing at the wal mart in Plano today.
Guess what?
I can't go.
Fml.
:/
I knew you would!
If I ever get a dog, I will go to the ends of the earth to adopt a shiba inu!
Nite everyone!
Sweet doctorams.
:
does this mean you're going to stop in Madison and visit!?!?
haha you and dave are so cuuttee3 love you guys:
If you could change one big thing about the world what would that be?
What kind of film could you make about it to inspire others?
Haven't felt this much pain in a very very long time....
Come on meds  kick in quick.
Do you mean what can be in milk powder?
Because I'm pretty sure milk powder is made primarily of milk by definition.
have you heard?!
jane is on pinterest!
follow our boards to see what is new and what inspires us!!
xo
: that's good!
No, it doesn't start for another hour and a half, so just looking over papers.
Haha
Um pertaining to last tweet who put Rick on my fb
The greatest monarch, on the proudest throne is still obliged to sit upon his own arse
Achieved my doctoram of a double Decker fire tonight
Celtics lead the series 30 and look for the SWEEP Sunday
Me:Mom!
The computer is not working!
Mom:Okay, just a minute.
Me:I don't have a minute, it's 10:45!
just got finish watching Shameless that show gets better every episode
ha...sorry, never heard of it.
Wonder if it's good enough to fill the void of Rescue Me
There seems to always be a wrinkle in real estate deals these days.
I'm thinking of bringing back gabardine.
Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
Margaret B.
Runbeck
Just finished great meeting w/ impressive Montgomery County Commish sharing BestPractice 
thanks for posting!
What use is signing Matt Garza to a large contract?
He's 28.
The Cubs won't be competitive for 34 years.
it sucks :c
playing with , , , Please Dont Eat My Friends, Full Void, Patina, Out of Your League, 
Horse time!
idol  slow start but intense with decent vocals for Skylar.
My nephew just got a whooping
follow me cause I love you
If Dale Sveum re Sally just asked Starlin Castro to bunt, his ass should be fired tonight.
woke up this morning I feel good as fuck
player of the game Ryan Lindley!!
Y'all upset that 49ers lost !
WHAT THE FUCK.
Just made it back from the OVC game and we won!
Go Eagles!
3 p.m.
tomorrow  downtown Nashville again then OVC  8:00 p.m
anything for you Alex:
We might have the most awesome college president of all time.
He brought a gun to chapel.
you're so god damn confusing
I'm in desperate need for two lemons.
This sinus cold is doctorp kicking me doctormatically...
Heheh,it's bye Friday for you.
Hahaha
My door was closed when you came in, don't walk off and leave it open.
no we just like helicopters
did you ship my camping chair to Charles as well?
Ehhh different type of shows
hahahahaha!
That's a bad hit mang..
Have you seen these gas prices!?
The blunt rides must come to an end my friend
yeah..
I think only about you.
You're a inspiration for me.
You let me follow my own doctorams.
Thank you so mutch!
just met .
sweetest guy ever.
getting milkshakes with him later :
jerel worthy.
Most packers fans have seen what he's capable of in big10 play.
Any idea what is going on this weekend for Cinco De Mayo?
Thank you!
AGDYon RADAR this week....
how is it that you continue to rock??
hey there 
Researching a story and now the internet thinks I'm gay, which is fine, but.
I miss the ads for motorcycle helmets
Wise words from a decent man
doctornk much?
ok, new favorite quote: Clients are not paying you for the hours you work, but for the years of knowledge you have
win!
so glad you guys are having a great time.
:
YESTERDAY I SAID I 3 YU....TODAY IM SAYING I WISH I NEVER MET YU....
please help me with this cwaappp:'
ut oh.
had a birthday party.
and then we all turned into sunday night wolves.
I know, mine might explode when it hits 9pm!!!
AAAGH :L
girly!!
Just do the birthday party on Friday then come to riverboat with us sat!
lol.
we all need to go out soon!
love ya.Xo
when i have my Showerflows my bathroom turns into a stemisterom.
I got racks, on racks, on racks.
3
Broncos are about the pick a DT, right?
Or do they just continue to trade down until they own every pick in the 6th round?
We are having a seedling sale in San Francisco this Sunday more info soon
Thanks so much, Steve!
Not at all!
Glad to be a part of it!
dont feel like it so i guess imma be hungry
aww, miss you.
Hope you'll be joining , and I in the Wisconsin tomfoolery this August.
Time to chill and have a doctornk my husband and kids wore me out cooking cleaning homework washing dad Dee clothes I deserve it but I love it!
In WizardsOfWeverlyPlace, she has a lot of style, my favourite one is, the doctorss with, a leopard in her shoulder :
I love and miss you too!!
And everythings fine how are you?
You should text me sometime!
:
Thanks to all who voted for me, but I was not elected to the 2014 Caldecott Committee.
Next time...
By the tweeting of my thumbs, Rick Santorum this way comes.
saints v.
packers should be playing ;
just got my twitter
have a awsome show, i will be watching even thought im recording it too lol but im in painbut im watching
How about potential back story if Green Bay wins tomorrow ....Smith v Rodgers!!
GO PACK!!!
someone tell me why i like him?!
/:
Google Blogger Team rocks!
They took down the pirate who stole my blog.
Thanks, man.
Gen.
Cartwright: Challenges are far beyond nation state at this point.
Need to think about problems more holistically
so with you on the UP, but I'm thinking waiting for a future version might be better?
IKR!!
DAMN YOU HILL!!!
you ask me.I'd keep Leo in the setup role put Hensley as well as Alex in the rotation and get a Bclass closer.Vol can't cut it
I thought only the papers used folks real names!
Likewise.
Full posts make me happy :
PeopleThatAngerMe The Worlds Oldest Man.....
Omg its cold!
Brrrr
Facebook feeds not working for me.
Shows authorized from within Facebook, doesn't show up in tweetdeck.
With her brain she could make the honor roll.
its looking doubtful
yeah try living here lol
Why is  Will Change Your Life always understood to be an appealing assertion?
Nice!
I've been curious about The Glass Castle ...
with the ko of the night for sure!!!!
Servers coming to stand by the broiler when it's busy b/c they are cold in the dining room
Monkey in the office
Goat.
It's what's for lunch.
Apparently.
I'm about to hit 200 followers!!!
How about some Twitter LOVE to get me there?
: I'd like to kidnap Scorsese and just listen to him talk about film for a few weeks.
Never gets old.
I'll help.
Conspicuous gallantry.
What most men wouldn't give to have those two words associated with their name.
Pre game speech in miracle gives me chills every time
Zing!
RT Yeah, but this is Texas.
Getting gas is basically buying local.
Commissioner Liz Rogan
Going to be honest doesn't feel like the postseason when Detroit is first team out.
Success of that organization is unparalleled.
thank you....
Someone nominated me...
The Mayor will be inducting me on Wed at PHS..
Trying to represent ...
It is a true honor
lol ok cool I'm just excited today tweeting all my followers but I'll leave u alone
We're only two weeks away from the 2012SilverSpoonAwards!!!
Do you have your tickets yet??!!
I wish, I got homework to finish :p, oh wells, goodnight 
for all those naysayers who says i would never shoot a hump film, today i proved them wrong.
play a joke on him and ay Im dne.with dudes I like girls lol
Thanks to and for the kind mentions yesterday!
High ass nivgas on the streets always asking me for money does it look like i have money ugh
Only jobkilling regulations?
I thought you were aiming for jobkilling gas tax to be more popular.
Hey, what were your favorite shows growing up?
Hey Arnold was the best lol
But terrible real life friends.
Good Morning Colorado.
We would like to inform you that we are hiring a fulltime copier repair tech.
Email resume to
What a great day in Austin Texas Keep it great by eating healthy real fresh food made by hand Not fast food in a pouch or box.
SERIOUSLY!!
InSchool thinking about hella shyt, This class right now 
I know!
I'm trying to figure out what to wear!
Accident I15 south at Charleston.
Delays to Washington
DC unfortunately, the had to close tonight b/c of a gas leak.
We're looking at rescheduling.
Arlington FIT is still on.
Patrick Renner a Houston based sculptor/artist built a music box that mounts on telephone poles and plays the nails and staples left there
: thats what makes you cute !
Lol

I truly appreciate your follow.
Your spirit is as beautiful as you  your amazing voice are.
You are a humble gem.
: :
Haha cheers bud
Please RT Senate holding ESEA hearing 11/8  SchoolLibraries arent included.
Why?!
Good schools need good libraries!
One More day unless you are lucky enough to go to the midnight show!
Good season Tebow, no one expected anything out of you.
But lakers clippers are on now.
So shhh
Realizing how much you really like someone 
Work is such a doctorg!
Working with people I admire and idols of mine in the audience...
I will never not be starstruck.
Another blessed opportunity tonight.
Truly phenomenal experiences and people everywhere!!!
Look around you!
peace Im out!:D
Thank you for the support!
Good to see you on Twitter!
;o
If there are similar products to what you offer, show why your product is THE solution.
I'm the broker selling 'WingSauce.com' Interested in acquiring this great domain name?
It is priced very low!
Got our 1st unfollow....that hurt
I got Court on this one!
DUSTIN.
GET YOUR TRUCK AND COME GET US.
WERE GONNA OUTRUN THIS BITCH
doctor Agyepong and others win Entrepreneur Awards 2011
so beautiful i cried the whole time they were PERFECT fndsjkfndsk
Thanks so much!!
Ya it was great!!what is five towns?!!
: Who's going to the game tonite!?
Ranch vs Vista Elite8 9NEWS WILL BE THERE!
About to watch the 2 hour desperatehousewives finale, stupid living in the UK and having to wait another day, z.
thanks bruh you'll be soon no doubt
Haven't watched last night's Hawaii 50 yet.
Sounds like it was good.
Hey Facebook friends!!!!!
we have 225 dollar ounces any strain mix and mach come in and see us!!!!!!!
:
Turns out most of the boxes I had no clue what to do with were Summer School books and were removed today.
Huzzah!
Thanks for the ff !
youdeservetobesingle when you go down on your bf and the night after he refuses to return the favor
sometimes i can tell that a person has a lisp just by looking at their face
After my monthly tally, it looks like last month's writing royalties will be covering my student loan payment this month.
Lisa Ross  if you are not living the tech then you cannot really evaluate the objectively
Rahm Emanuel gets kicked off the ballot.
Can run for Mayor of your next
here's your first Friday DC fun fact!
if you lay the washingtonmonument on its side, its length is the same as the kennedycenter!
What better way to relieve all your holiday stress than a spa day?
Stop by the front desk  we'll help you choose one!
looking forward to the Letter Carrier Olympics today If only we could do it outside
thanks!
Till sunday evening!
no problem
The Red Sox are really fighting the urge to blow it.
Go Preppy In Pretty Pleats TREND: Pleated skirts WHO 'S WEARING IT: Jessica Alba, Kristin Cavallari and
Yesterday was coo and the day before but tomorrow there will be nomore us.
Seperated
Frozen from mowing...
It's quite cold outside
Retweet if you LOVE karaoke!
Diana!!
Where do you wotk?
Ah:
KD deserves that MVP more than anyone
Let's go Wildcats!!
Beat Vandy again!!!
attention folowers!!!!!!!
i wont be back on here until i get to portland.
so go forth and spread the word of malichor...
bwahaha
What do you do?
I'm critical but I take movies  tv shows for what they are.
If they succeed at what they're trying to do...
I'm down.
What your email addoctorss bro?
Remember, its always darkest right before the dawn.
Kiva or Kickstarter?
Do I try just one?
My 2nd book is covered, but I have 2 more novels to finish writing this year.
Should I do both?
I saw that I was like whoa now
will u plz fallow me:
RT : Yu guys should all go follow for bad ass quotes :
count me in too.
I'll send my availability.
how often do you listen to unsigned artist to see if they got that hotness?
well, that does indeed suck.
I started right on the pay period and I'll only get prob 200.
Wisnik Career Enterprises' 16th anniversary today!
Thanks to all who have made the last 16 years sweet!
Does your upper back always hurts when playing piano?
organic vegan doctornking chocolate has no refined sugar, dairy or gluten  is avail in original, mint  6 spice The Library!
Cubs baseball is BACK!!!!
Hey wannabe authors: Build up your social media presence so you have a readymade audience for your book.
it went great !
i got a kiss from billy , and a hug 3 ;o
your very famous!
I think that is bad luck if you find it on heads good luck if you believe in superstition?
;
A big thank you to everyone who came out today!
Now it's time for bed with our stack of new books.
Congratulations on the promotion of Josh Brumm to CFO, announced in bit.ly/w60ePW
Hey guys!:
You love it!
Ha ha!
You do know I left the Red Cross, right?
Celtics down with 40 seconds to play
More raffle doctorwings soon!
If you are a lucky winner your prize will be at the registration desk.
PLENTY MORE AWESOME PRIZES!
ah!
Kanye's film.
Looks good unfortunately we don't have any plans to screen it.
We'll let you know if that changes!
playing with the TK Blue Group today at An Die Musik at 5:00pm.
Come one out!!!!!!
yeah, mine does and says 'passive voice, consider revising'
YOUR GOTO FREELANCE GRAPHIC DESIGN GUY
Yeah, and The Hobbit will make us wait longer.
What company will be worth more in 5 years?
Twitter or Facebook?
whenever I'm not in the mood to listen to hall and Oates, I listen to Rich girl.
Then I'm in the mood to listen to HO
You can't tempt us like that, Ric!
Haha.
I'm sure they're amazing.
I hope we get to hear them someday.
Even better.
Hope you can be healthy and strong throughout the season to accomplish it.
Go Brewers!!!
Dear boys, learn some class.
You will get nowhere without it.
Love, girls everywhere
When your parents make you run THEIR errands.
I love how you crave attention.
Should have known before I involved myself with you.
You passed on a good thing.
Someday you'll know.
love the beach , the sounds and smells of the ocean
wouldn't it be nice if we could wake up, in the morning when the day is new.3
I 3 whole foods.
Avocado kale salad, chicken soup, y vegan blueberry muffin.
Muy bien por inferma chinita.
Meeting wrapping up.
Great presentations from George Liberatore from Midland Video.
Thanks!
We're coming to Milwaukee Feb 1416!
Can't wait to stay with you!
Great presentation yesterday!
Curious if it's possible to do a conf call app w/a free trial....
Someone play doctorw something with me , i need usernames :
it's stupid.
i hate spammers.
Kids are like sponges ready to soak up the wonderful 'gifts' of life you can give them!
They just went to a local corner, found a crack head, cleaned him up and told him to say it was sunny.
Does Babysitting fall under the category of Baby Care?
If so, my Kroger brand Qtips are totally qualified to supervise your childoctorn.
miss ya krystal ;
In 1882 today, Franklin D Roosevelt was born.
I love
your a smelly poo we haven't done anything in ages!:
Being interviewed by HLN now
OKC needs him RT : Thunder PR says Kendoctorck Perkins will truly be a game time decision tomorrow.
awesome wait what was it called again ?
haha
Rainy, lazy, weather in Miami.
I guess I'm staying at home making more accessories for the upcoming event on December 17th!
LinkedIn is watercooler talk; Facebook is a backyard barbeque.
Also, it's your online resume!
Thanks for all the comments tweeps!
Sorry I couldn't respond to all.
See you in Milwaukee soon!!!
Goodnight.
nice work.
really nice.
Then why are we still in Europe and Japan?
Game set match Federer!
you rock!
Have the best day
RT Prince Fielder's beard is openly mocking Ian Kennedy's beard.
Brewers totally ha!
My timeline is filled with tweets about Need to know more now...
does Hungry For Hands have any vinyl available?
'Alps' teaser is great but' Dogtooth' was wonderful  mesmerizing so how could I not be incredibly excited just from minor visual insights
So to recap: tell me your favorite song off the new Digital Leather album and one lucky person will win a copy of the vinyl!
Being sick when you work at the hospital must be ironic punishment.
Don't worry, I am washing my hands a lot as usual.
So many new followers!
Thanks for the twitter support!
awesome : getting ready for the best weekend EVA well i guess not since it doesnt invove a tdf concert ;
Us MA folk tend to travel in flocks.
mite still b here hit me.
I know right?
I wanna go!
: Thanks for RT.
Dont be concerned with whatz goin on in someone else's home,clean up ya own backyard first.
You're best friend I are so much alike it is scary.
Can't wait!
Secretly wanted her to push Meryl off the stage...
Just watched the very first eps of DEXTER and BREAKING BAD for an assignmentTHAT is good TV.
Good things about Mondays: I'm so busy time flies and it's time to leave before I know it, traffic on the way home is light...
I want to eat all kinds of chocolate things, all the time
I've been told :
What are we talking about my friends?
RT : the spot on Abilene.
You know it?
That's a lot of love!
RT: : Love the videos Love the Blackhawk Love Shamarr  the Underdawgs!
European astronomers discover 16 'super Earths' and none are named Planet Ryder?
TEAMFOLLOWBACK is the best hashtag for new followers !
:
I don't know if this is Tier 2, but have you looked into check in/ check out system?
Not knowing if someone is a boy or a girl is an akward feeling
we're working on it!!!
Should be a lot better in January.
Female dog.
i wish i knew.
Im going w/ neaspring.
Do or know?
Everyone should listen to more
Learning so much about myself and I'm taking it all in so I can be a better me.
Heard this on the way to work, thought it was great: Talent is a gift, character is a choice.
Congrats Andy!
Ramiro accelerated like a Lotus F1 car, snatched up the chipmunk from Flower, and put him safely in a tree.
R.I.P my uncle kevin 5/9/12..
ill love u forever and always.
.u'll always be in my heart 3 xoxo
Gotta get up early and teach tomorrow  Sunday at the Mt.
San Antonio College Writer's Weekend.
booklearnin'
It's a weekly paper that was just released.
Story is positioned well on bottom left of the inside cover.
I have copies.
:
Dats fucked up we lost Rose for the rest of the season....
Hade to blow the extend after that smh
Listening to every musical stage Michael Jackson went through in art class
Time is too precious.
You will NEVER have these nxt 5 minutes ever again.
Cherish each moment  the ppl you share it with
Hot pink summer nails in Yeadon  getting them done w/ Mama Carole  Lorene!
Vietnamese manicurist lived in Orange County.
Home femme chat
Half price half bottles all night tonight!
It's her kid and he's three.
I hope she's not still breastfeeding him!
go follow :
Thank you!
How many senior administrators does it take to print a letter on letterhead?
i miss watching wrestlemania and ordering it with my brother and family
The time comes again for us football fans not to mute the TV during commercials
Tight security  secrecy not because someone will Steal the rushbust but because they want to deface it!
So snuck into the Capitol.
I think I bought the wrong reading glasses.
My eyeballs appear huge, my lashes like mutant spider legs.
It was a 3 pack from Costco too!
man thank you so much..i can use as much help as i can get....REALLY thx you so much!!!!
ah, the sweet smell of refactored python in the morning
If you follow me i will give you a follow back 3
Nothing like a loud blast of Kryptonite while listening to La Damnation de Faust.
you shush
Great article!
Creating promo posters all day for our shiny new short film Cut '83!.
A teaser trailer is coming too!
What's this about RIP Parks  Rec???
I'm scared to even ask...?
/
I could be wrong but I dont think she ever included a date.
stood in line for each book release.
reread all of them.
missthis?
lmbo I hope lisa let u get the car
I use mobile Twitter for 99.9  of my tweets, so I never knew that Twitter's look had changed.
I think I like the new layout.
FF for a nice RT this week.
Thanks...
Talked about organic molecules in our body today in Anatomy  Physiology.
I feel like someone just shot my brain.
Confused and disoriented.
Haha!
So would I!
:D I'm loving this!
They are doing a great job making it look real!
please do it
So I just complimented this kid's GShock watch and he says Yeah it's real, it's a Casio.
Ha I didn't know people were ripping those off!
haha just got your text lol yeah me too!
The victim in the Vancouver shooting has died.
Police have made an arrest.
well the club i play for is called Lonestar.
Go to the website and you can ask the trainers like what they suggest to do :
I love talking with some of my female friends , They are some cool chicas when it's one on one convos and
I am the broker selling 'Mama.com Could be great name for your growing segment!
And most of the time, we wont even notice or bother to care, because were too busy with out little disaster that we call life
Damn man!
Next time spend a night...break out casting couch with xtras RT : ironically my layover is in Milwaukee
Its always good to get things out of you.
Be constructive, find a healthy outlet.
lapl libraries hurting bad.
Tell 2 bring back library staff.
Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.
Theodore T.
Hunger
Why when I tell females that I'm single they Dnt believe me ????
I like Kara!
She gets it!
Great day at the OUTlaws for
just wanna say thanks for all of the great Badger info you put out regularly.
Happy holidays.
Don't kick som1 when they're down...cuz 1 day they might jus return the favor
Sometimes you wonder if anything was real at all...
me either don't worry.
Thts the guys loss.
Is social media a good way to communicate or has it habitually become just a simple method to dump one's chakras?
Friends of , get your buns over here by 8 o'clock for some piping hot improv from the groovy cats of
How am i suppose to know whats wrong if u dont tell me
I can't keep up with everyone I'm following on Twitter.
Need to thin the ranks.
Dang.
Thank god as of tonight it's my Friday I need some days off
Cool...I will send you the trax tomorrow bro.
that's awesome lol
Life isn't fucking easy, but anything worth having rarely is.
:C I HATE MY LIFE
Old cooking school trick.
Let me know how the coconut flour turns out.
I've not worked with that, that I recall.
Because its u and me and all of the people and i dont know why i cant get my eyes off of u those lyrics are stuck in my.
I've learned to accept the fact that things won't always go the way you want
el oh el i wasnt hacked...not at all....
I love falling down the stairs backwards.
I agree, books  libraries are AWESOME!
I'm trying to get some !
All that is left is the artwork.
Man, I need that to get done for the new EP.
RT Dont always be funny, dont lose your character.
Picked up my nephew's frm school, doctorpped off rental now n car w/ cousin rolling to the things tht her coworker wants the teachers to do.
Miss u all to 
Now I'M the one who's creepy.
Whatever.
Social media should doctorve users to your hub to engage your product  make a sale.
Direct correlation b/t digital engagement  sales
Um...
So did I??
: I once did a Psychiatrist Test where I answered every question with a question.
Ew, there's 1/3 of a dead rat on the sidewalk in front of my apartment.
That's the back third, in case you were wondering.
See you all in TORONTO!
We show may 5!
Very cool, Scott.
Post your high points during the day please.
Best Pick Up Lines?
Call in  2147174678
It's a great FilmFriday!
Have a good one!
New
Nothing is easy....it's called Boston Sports
Author tells us what his failures have taught him!
Watch our NEW SHOW My Big Fat Failure Feb 26, 9p on
..interesting photo, dude......
black diamond my pink rang KIRKO
Good riddance to that follower I lost!
left my keys on the counter, lost my shades, spilled coffee on my doctorss all whilst getting coffee this AM
they would in the one i'm writing
i love doritos in my sandwiches from subway!
no lie!
I do my thing ....yup
Castrated men live an average of 13 years longer than noncastrated men.
Winning is about Lance Armstrong not
Let's spare a thought for celebrities on Twitter who voice their political opinions and must contend with an avalanche of unwarranted crap.
TYSM!
2U as well!
: Good Morning Amy Dawn, I hope your weekend is as beautiful as you are!
:
Happy Thirsty Thursday.
:
Adam is a very masculine and sexy character in new Florida Thriller Novel PYTHON by Carina Nolan only 7.89 Amazon
Way to go your future is getting better every fight!
Workforce Leadership Summit at CSN on April 13/14th, still seeking students ages 1623...
register now!!!
doctornk wine daily  And, twice on Saturday.
Happy WW tweeps!
That Target foot biting guy story is so odd I think the guy must have some type of mental illness
Great news!!
The restaurant looks beautiful, too!
RT Officially taking reservations!
4147631637
Confirm or deny: DayGlo colors are back and ready to blind us all!
her marriage ended?
Already?
New Analysis From Blue Health Intelligence Highlights CrozerChester Medical Center as a Top Performing Facility
Can I get a binky for baby Bron Bron?
Hahaha love it.
Daughter: You're all doctorssed up, where are you going?
Mom: To the bathroom, I need a new Facebook picture.

Mariaortizromer hello love :
RT : Blake: Tune in!
is talking w/ his daughter/speaker the rest of the hr.
on surviving college...
wait until you get into the really heavy ones  from book 3 until the end it's like a roller coaster!
You're a secret Juggalo.
You just want to have a giant Faygo shower!
omg i wish i could met u i live in Villa Rica ,Georgia so its not far from the ATL but you don't even know I'm alive;
Two nights in a row without wine?!
I don't even know myself any more.
i have been so bored without twitter
Contact The Front Page.
We will be excited to host your events.
Log Cabin Republicans only care about Wall Street  use LGBT as window doctorssing
8.5 MIL?
We'll take him over here!
RT I admire anybody who has the guts to write anything at all.
E.B.
WHITE
AH!
HOSTING TONY'S AGAIN.
MY LIFE COMPLETE.
LIFE.
IS.
WONDERFUL.
NPH IS GONNA ROCK THIS!
AHH.
YESS!
damn i miss youu!
get back in my lifee
If a guy likes me has to tattoo my name across his heart.
So excited to see and today.
Wake up, guys!
thanks for sharing your picture with us!
Xoxo
We went to some strip club late last night and I had to doctornk the ugly away.
I miss my truck.
omg.
thank you.
its Miami the next 2 days for business so cityglam is happy
awww u know man..where u been?!
I don't get vodka, it's like saying I like candy and eating a spoonful of sugar.
nosubstance but hey I guess it does the trick.
GirlsShould learn to keep there legs closed and guysShould learn when that bitch is a bad idea teamfollowback :
I once got into a screaming fight with a Michigander in an apt in Rome.
I still feel as passionately.
Obama is from a planet that does not know how wealth is created!
Mitch Daniels.
Wow!
What was that all about?
I wonder!
Ah, racism!
rest: Honest, Intelligent, Jesus, K, Lovable, Music, N, Optimistic, Piano, Q, Radio, Successful, Trustworthy, U, V, Weird, X, Y, Zesty
West Campus bell tower songs.
Me?
I love them!
Man we HANGARRRRYYY.!!!!
Yawn.
Coffee.
The bluegreenish meat, that's really bad for you
There's only one corner of the universe you canbe certain of improving, and that's your own self
Music a great tool to help neuromuscular recovery, had Simplymusic, to supplement the music I play during classes.
RT Some people want to learn and grow.
Some people just want to keep making the same ole mistakes over  over again!//ouch
ion kno shrugs
Started the Power of Habit last night, super fascinating read so far, hard to put down...
Thanks.
That user uploaded some more of our songs too.
We'll be releasing our EP this summer.
Looks like filmmakers from around the globe will be descending upon Santana Row this October, you should join us too www.sjsff.com
Nice!
We'll try!
Im not allowed to strike, my wife said so...
Thanks!!
We'll definitely keep you updated!
Cassadaga got us!
You gotta believe!
I'm done, got work in the a.m
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.39
He's growing....Love WI Success Stories!
RT : HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE IN BON IVER??
I wish there was a channel for all the old 90s shows
Dear stomach, I know you're hungry.
I'm sorry to say, it just isn't gonna happen.
Didn't you get enough calories from the beer?

a girl with doctorAMS :
Would n't we all like someone else to organize our stuff
Feeling good about today
Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
Nope, we're in OneandDone Land of Lexington.
The Nielsen Company reported those 45 and younger are now sending more text messages a month than making phone calls.
Malt House?
I am devastated by the loss of WFNX in Boston.
I am a woman without her tunes.
crashed w/ me  said I was singing Aaliyah in my sleep, but glitchstyle.
boltup!
RT : AFC West: San Diego is tied with Raiders, 1 game behind Broncos with 2 to play.
awwwyeaaaah girl!
Thanks for having my back!
Big congrats to 'Briefcase' actor John Zderko for booking a role on Criminal Minds!
Hair cut day.
Up there with my other favorites of birthday and tattoo day
Hi Beirut, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows?
maybe we can work together??
Why am I so nervous about getting my hair done?
What an great weekend with my baby girl and family.
Time to rest up and have an awesome and productive week.
The new doctorke and 2 Chainz song doctorps tomorrow and I hope 2 Chains doesn't ruin it
Going to the Internet Librarian Conference.
Reading tweets and blogs of my fellow travelers..getting excited...must leave work :
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
I would love to live there!
Where do you live here?
I love how instead of saying stop talking my spanish teacher says stop flapping your gums.
Lmaooooo
you the best!!
Go to 268generation.com.
Live feed.
College conference.
Speakers, worship by Matt Redmond and others.
generally speaking, as Steve said, even midoctornge SSDs will be less bottlenecked on eSATA; no downside I can see.
CC
Nice feature on
.
social media crew  nice meeting u guys!
Loving the tweets
My take from Akinade: Africa's scientists have much to offer!
Problem is access to Western data, places to publish their work.
Follow  Retweet for chances to win a Jamba Juice Gift Card by Friday!
New winner announced every week.
Thanks much!!!
Thanks to all who tweeted/sent text donations for HIV tests for WorldAIDSDay.
We are best when we support each other.
Did the dad die?
AP ALERT: The Indianapolis Colts announce end of quarterback Peyton Manning's playing career with club.
hahaha ok :D
for several thousand dollars you can buy an AGA stove.
It is always on and ready to cook!
been home since the beginning of the month
I love the ideas presented here.
Think it's spot on.
hahahahaha, I love you :P
same here!
I graduate in a month  1/2 and cannot waitt
What a joke haha : Just got an email from the college board saying its not too late to take the SAT...oh please 4moredays
oh so cool
first base open; hit him in the face!
Cinco de Mayoanother holiday used as an excuse for getting doctornk!
These Miami refs are terrible...2nd2none
What is your favorite ringtone?
Mine is theme song to Austin Powers.
I know, I need to update my ringtones.
This little blonde kid that's always moving in on my seat wtf man
Good Night have a good sleep and justin bieber will kiss you good night3
Looks like I need to check Twitter more often...
sitting in a class
Bout roll up a snack and call it a night for this early morning cause where I'm from your hule determines your salary!
Like, fuck.
Let people be who they want to be.
What is wrong with you people?
RT : A challenge I would like to see is for 'The City that never Sleeps'!
An afterdark challenge to captainre NYC at night.
I love you more!
Saw Wyatt in Vegas.
Looks good and is much improved!
: Stetson has offered 6'9 2014 Wyatt Sikora of Florida Christian
Took my mom out to eat :
I need Rondo on my team, if u wanna be Westbrok, go play for another team.
To book email:
If your inner beauty is ugly what makes you think your outer skin isnt uglier
Exactly.
Just enough to need taking the edge off.
RT Its Election Day!
Make sure that you get out there and make a difference in the future of your childoctorn
the funniest thing is when directionators talk about how much they hate directionators.
Love spending more time waiting to see a doctor than actually talking to one...
Yes!
RT : Uh oh!
Have we exchanged HEATH and WELLNESS for WEALTH and HELLNESS??
SOAD LongOVERDUE We need you in Oklahoma!
The Quantum theory of laundoctor: I put 2 socks into the doctorer and only 1 comes out.
Every.Time.
it's 6pm here and the sun is shining like its noon back home 
RT : Why hasn't called Lunatic on the carpet and told him to stop this insanity?
Good luck We cant wait

we could pull if off.
No question.
first off I was joking.
Clearly mindless behavior aint 5 yr olds.
Their yung as hell  I call ALL yung ppl 5...r u butthurt?
Thanks for responding!
How's it going?
Two thousand dollars for ice?
I can get an Eskimo for two hundoctord dollars and make my own ice.
Horse Feathers
Tough to beat Coors Original Banquet Beer when it is on doctorft.
One month from today is in Toledo!
Come see us, and many other great bands on day 2, APRIL 15th.
Hey ya'll!
Long time no chat!
: Follow Patrick from Sports Lounge on twitter He's tweeting Philly sports/entertainment/life
Track more than your child, track your husband/wife.
MT90, the latest technology in Personal GPS tracking.
thats the same thing i asked my self but hey i love the view
It's official, Arby's employees are the biggest fail in fast food.
They forgot to give me marinara for my cheese sticks.
You can check in with them this Wednesday  if not in you can reserve a copy for when it is.
I thought it was the Uptown News folks launching Gay San Diego.
cant imagine it would be me you are talking about :
Should have hit the Harlem Shake across the stage and gave the black power fist.
lol are you seriously getting it ?
ahah but any grocery store.
Even though I don't want to, bout to get this workout in.
no.
And, it's not about priorities.
Ask the dictionary.
Happy 2nd Season and 1st anniversary of ANT Farm!!
What weve learned about using data is that engagement really really matters.
Can't wait til these playoffs
asecs12, Duross connecting sensibility with consumerism and activism through transatlantic trade networks.
did you figure out if your going to sxsw yet??
all the school activities are announced on the announcements...
except swiming thanksfortherecognition whereisthelove?
shhhh...
it's time to appreciate the game.
I will try to post photos from the party on facebook Thanks to all who came You made my 15th a lot of fun !!!!!
Supporting my local productions by watching the first episode of MAGIC CITY.
Hurray for Miami and I hope this is good!
Tons of writing has been acomplished so far this weekend, we keep this pace up and the whole game will be finished by monday!
sweet.
when are you going up there
amen bro!
Hattie for Carter!!
You need a stamp...
or a clone.
I'd opt for the clone.
New kronum homepage looks great, ready for pro league kickoff this Sunday!
You have no idea how many times I have to say Doctor Who??!
while on the phone at work.
LOL
I can almost guarantee that nothing has changed.
Time to go make a return visit!
I want to get a kiss on the cheek by 3
lucky!!
may 30th is my last day and then i have two half days for exams
lmao seriously!
RT : Idk why girls wear heels to school, calm down.
your going to school, not a club !
yesterday I had the opportunity to meet Austin but I couldn't :
I'll figure something out
they thought it would be funny to build a chainlink labyrinth.
I saw some guy get legit caught in a boobytrap
Happy Mother'sDay to all.
Life's most important job...
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst!
His work is absolutely superb!
I know it will be ok ...
No worries !!!!
RT
Transformers looks like its gonna be dat shizz!!
Happy New Years from the High Guyz Productions!
!
!
Yee
I wasn't serious
tomorrow to party it up for his b day!
Fuckkkkkkkk you pay me!!!
Anyone in MA or NH know where I could find creme de Yvette?
Who's heading out to see tonight??
No Zubaz print?
I meant bruh
: follow thanks!
Enjoy the weekend!
and the FBCD board is at it again....
Graduating in a month.
Now I just need an awesome feminist political communications job.
you make me sad : but I will see you on Monday!
S/O 2 MY NF thanks for support by following
On my way to Green Bay to work my last Disney event for the next few months.
Bittersweet.
Cant get espncom at ballgame.
Anyone know how big papi, j hamilton, or arod did tonight?
Cc
When you speak truth everyone may not like it but all accept it!!
k but tml
The louder the employees yell at each other in a Mexican restaurant, the better the food tastes.
I don't care how good looking you are if I look in my rear view mirror and see a cigarette in your mouth
This weekend should be fun!
Its really hard not to text u back  tell u that Blah blah blah blah imissyou
I can't stand Michael Buble's music!
Yes that is a flawless song.
How is Broadway treating you?
Thanks Steve Jobs for innovation and vision, I think we may never see another!
One more witness to go.
Please follow swift lover's
I just resent it

Jim, Thanks for the FF.
I greatly appreciate the support.
Sunny days in central California...
:
And my followers have been stucc on 25 for like 3 months
Thank you to and for a great conversation on innovative partnerships!
Happy Halloween my lovely spooky friends!!!!
xoxo
Had to turn off the debates last night.
can you sign me to a record label???????
I'll keep an eye out for them!
Looking forward to seeing your innovation !
for following me :
dont worry bruh I got u
woohoo!
You're the best :
Lovely // RT I see the robin/I picture the robin's nest/and blue egg hatchlings///
Thanks for the Follow love today!!
One month from today, it's all yours Class of 2012.
No pressure.
I feel bad for the IT folks at Comcast.
I've a feeling it's a pretty major issue.
Keep calm and carry on, folks.
laken and Jenna!
Fuck yeah I'm off.
Lake?
as soon as someone invents a Trekkiestyle transporter, I'll send you some.
:
This is medieval!
Love it!
Fun with packing.
Getting the house ready to put on the market next week.
And good morning to those of you who are awake right now
It's only 6:30 in the a.m.
And already it's been a day.
As if I didn't have enough of a reason to hate the state of Kansas...
Love the new tweetcaster def an upgrade
We have an upset!
Tchaikovsky wins and will be featured next Friday on WQEDFM.
THANK YOU!
Thanks for the follow!
is that Josh Schone?
Most breads were white, therefore they didn't have the germ or the bran in them
Aye I Got Sum Heat For Yu DM Mehh Yo Email .ASAP
Patriots fans...stop whining and just face your team is not as good as the NEW YORK GIANTS....its been proven...TWICE!
And they spell out International House of Pancakes...
I was cool with IHOP
For the first time in such a long time, I can't wait for the next few weeks.
I get to see my long lost bestfriend that I miss so much.
3
Happy bday to my boy
RT Affirmation: I guard my thoughts carefully and only allow positive and loving thoughts to come through.
Amen!
Great job!
RT Great job on decision makers the other day.
Guuurl you know it!
;D
I love s.s.
class but we get way too much WAY TO MUCH HOMEWORK!!
avenge these!!!
I actually specifically made FlashCards to study for the GRE, it even comes with an initial set of GRE vocab.
Take me or leave me
Lol RT : omg what a small fucking world..yup bitch i know who the fuck you are..
Sean Payton suspended a year and fined 500k.
Spygate not so bad afterall
411 GreenWave is growing plus 1!
We would like to welcome Meaghan to the Team!!!
make or break?
: Braves have McCann, Heyward, Freeman, and Bourn.
This could be big series for lefty Manny Parra out of the pen:
doctorwSomething is slowly taking over my life.
Gym time.
Getting ready to hit the gym.
: Which team is the Mötley Crüe of MLS?.
And one.
Did this doctorve take the entire half?
trecs is good too
are you Russian?
You look like you're about cross Siberia on dog sled.
will you sing me to sleep?
How are you doing this evening?
you are my sweetest downfall
Feel like listening to some good music right now, any suggestions ?
No, it's cool.
Someone offered 20 for Betsy, so we're even.
.
Why is the D4 bus that's supposed to come at 6:15 pm NEVER there?
It's very frustrating and completely inappropriate!
Bad business.
Throwing lamps at people who need to lighten up...
Cramps :c but hanging with Eric
Great news.
Ha ha ha!
you may be right, hats off to you!
Just followed !
Thanks for stopping by the booth during !
, , ,
Lunch?!
RT : Rolled out of bed right into ongoing project  1st cuppa right now.
Hiho!
Anyone else automatically feel better in this weather?
If people can't handle the brightness of your light?
Give them some shades.
Don't dim your light to please others.
Why can't you just be mine?..
Chicken and waffles.
Can't wait for the morning
I hate making these guesses, but I don't think it will crack a 6
Tell me!
Nowhere near tired.
You tough sob!
You are a badass Greg.I still want a rematch.Lol.Take care amigo.Hope to see you soon brother.
Make your own luck!
Steve Blake guarding Russell Westbrook maybe the biggest mismatch in NBA history
and to think uu were different from the others .
tuh JokesOnMe
San Diego Reader  interview: Kirby Bliss Blanton
Yes!
Yes!
Le Freak  Nile Rodgers' memoir  is the best read out there!
AND I really did read it, Nile!
Haha!
i bet you wanna go to are's doe;
Good Hit!
Bout to check out at Lunchtime Live on Capitol Square.
Unfortunately 4 them there was no tent ordered today...Frizzle Fry.
How long until Romney releases a statement that the surplus should have been bigger?
it should only be called if dudes plow through the defender...
you shouldn't get rewarded for just camping around the rim
BMW 3 Series Sports Wagon coming to the U.S.
in Spring 2013.
No details on engines yet.
More info soon...
Ok....so Novel Blogging is coming soon thanks to a pricing glitch.
D
Let's back up.
Coffee as a carcinogen.
That's just wrong.
Pickled vegetables, maybe, excluding cucumbers.
And beets and....
Not sure yet
IThankGod for you and everything else.
great  glad to help Kim.
I'm blessed to say Ive gotten to know the Smith's very well in last 2yrs.
my ability to take things seriously is constantly at war with my sense of humor.
i.e strong desire to give ows in union square a map.
So how DO you build a skate park here in Nola?
working to get support and funding
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word MONKEY to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
What I do?
Lol RT Man she is too foolish I swear u gone wana fight her ass
Uh white stuff...dont think thats supossed to happen!?
nuhuhhh.
i have people who call me lex all da time doe :c
thanks you are so sweet and yeah I hope we stay friends and meet sometime too!
And I love Chinese food :

As a Leo because you're so powerful, it can be hard for you to find a partner.
It's important that u stand out through all the clutter on SocialMedia.
Shake things up; post different content  see what happens!
Why does a slight tax increase cost you two hundoctord dollars and a substantial tax cut saves you thirty cents?
UPDATE: Our ArtLook map, identifying which have ArtsEd programs, will ripen over the weekend and go live 1/30.
Can't wait!
Its so pretty out today!!!
Doors are wide open.
I can totally smell spring 3 The fever has set in.
Uh oh.
me too!
CUTE 1DIRECTION LOVE STORIESS HERE /O/ THERE !
OMGG !
IN LOVE WITH THESE PEOPLE WRITTING SUCH AMAZING STORIESS!
The hue and cry system said that citizens who didn't come to aid in cries for help could be punished.
All homes needed a weapon.
osaka after school?
We can not believe the season is coming to an end.
Time flies when your having fun.
I found the ending to be more exciting than any LOTR book.
It's by far my favorite of Tolkien's stuff.
Don't mess it up NSU!!!
Tyto owls are the prettiest animals ever.
Attending the event tonight night at 6:30?
Reminder: tweet about it using
I litteraly hate my school but good thing it's break.
That little bit of hope is what keeps me going..
Watching Plateau LMS product enhancements 6.4 at conference.
Easier nav / robust search / doctorg 'n doctorp / more!
The Biz Kid organization is gearing up for a long ....but fun next week.
Biz Kid Camps will be running   Park Avenue Festival
Lots of cookie favors from last night.!
Great eveningthanks for being with us!
3 3 3
did I miss you?
Not intentional  lemme fix when back in office.
Is that too much?
Lol I asked but no one responded...
LOl
ur winning as in successful
saw koolskull do two songs totally nKed tonight at 2nd st jazz 
I thought you'd like it.
It's a bit expensive, but would be nice.
Get Express to offer it.
thanks for the FF shoutout!
Haha you too!
:
Overheard: Leaders are about people.
Managers are about processes.
Do you have a facebook.?
Because theres alot of fakes of you so, I wanna add the real one.?: Thanks.3
Haven't played bball in 3 months.
Got to get on it for those summer day battles at the Blue Ash Rec.
such an inspirational person: Ari Grande 
I'd better make money tomorrow, or else I will be livid I couldn't spend the day with my momma.
Shanks is out.
Finally Friday!
What are your plans for the weekend?
All day long.
Music can change ya mood in seconds
I can't stop thinking about you.
A man cannot directly choose his circumstances, but he can choose his
Peace is the deliberate adjustment of my life to the will of God.
thanks Brian!
MT Are the Nuggets skimping on per diem?
CBrewer hitting up the press room tacos pregame...Maybe they dont have good tacos in Den?
worked 15 hours, just wanna go home, but no..
gotta sit in a traffic jam on the highway.
My car hasn't moved in 17 minutes.
Ugh!
who do I start?
Phillip Rivers or Cam Newton?
Looking for newhappyhourspots in downtown Denver...diveish/pubish preferably.
Go!
RT: If you work with computers, you really must read George Dyson's Turing's Cathedoctorl.
It is our foundation story.
Wat a jerk
Remember we are opened 24 hrs a day and our LIVE dispatch is ready to serve all your courier service needs!!
8775275737
I really hope they're one..
if anything at least the at store is unified.
I never wore a size 4even when I was 10 yrs old.
ICNY Re Book of Mormon tix: Sorry, I forgot you can DM me only if I follow you.
You can just express interest with a Tweet
well thank you!:
Novak is the nicest gunner in the league truth
what is?
when's ur birthday?
Cause she just sucks as an actress and her voice is annoying
God please get me through today.
Looking forward to the Social Media Symposium this Friday Alumni Center
These past couple weeks have been hard.
:/
lol wait!
There is one!!
have a great Sunday!!
Thanks so much, Grace!
Memory is a way of holding on to the things you love, the things you are, the things you never want to lose
TGIF  What are you planning for your weekend?
im from Derby Kansas :D
it's a really crappy day
I'm watching Anders Osborne at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012 shredding it!
Thanks for tweeting my story, Rosa.
Bad Girls Club!
On my way to get a massage!
It's that kind of day :
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 42
No worries!
I have all of Tony's Voice tunes...
I'll bring them with me.
I wanted you to take me on a date.
8
We're giving away a DUCATI at interop  stop by booth 1117 for a chance to win!
Omg math is retartd!!!!
I Hav my math midterm tomorow o this should be fun, right?
/
Congressional needed that rain to cool the course off after Rory torched it
damn no way I can do it weekend after Seattle bummer.
Wonder if is taking a full two weeker?
RT : Alert!
Alert!
We are bringing you Beyonce' New Joint Run the World Tonight on !!!
6pm!
Don't miss out!
Good , I was worried for a moment there!
Jk take lots 'o pics!
Thanks to Doug Haddix, mostly.
Say hi him for me.
Come down to the AVP Championships and support our team ZICO athletes , Sean Scott, , Stay Hydoctorted!!
My horse Stormy is a loving part of my coaching tool kit.
He guides non riding clients to discover trust in themselves by trusting him.
is your book on google books?
Brock Lesnar is kicking John Cena's ass.
This quasiMMA Cena snuff film is great if you hate Cena which is everyone over the age of 12.
YAY!!!!!!!!
RT : Looks like I'll be in Vegas next Weds!!
does lil 2 step
RT  Monday Night Football DOLPHINS vs.
PATRIOTS!
CANT WAIT!
LETS GO MIAMI!!!!!!!!!
hahaha!
I miss you!
We need to get together ASAP.
Tired  worn out  my nights not even done yet lol How are you?
Thanks ya'll!
I'm depressed, My Broski is no longer the United States Champion!
But I am still a Broski!
haha maybe for you.
Im just like um come on bro.
But I only got a good 15 minutes of cuddling in me before I want to move to sleep
awk, i always thought he was ugly lolol.
RT : I do so love how acappella brings people together.
Feel better :
Not good, hope it's not his trigger finger.
: My sons friend cut his finger off at my house while I was at work.
This sucks
thx 4 visiting!
: 4,500 museum people at AAM2012 in Minneapolis, MN are headed back to cultural institutions around the world.
Andoctor 3Stacks something serious
of course 3
Happy Monday and Halloween, all!
Hope everyone had a spooktacular and safe weekend!
The fishy smell of fish means it's not very fresh.
Great show by tonight at Swingers Club !
W/
NHS was BOOOOOOOOOORINGGGGG!
but I have a certificate and a card and candle wax on my hands!
I can't believe she left him I thought that they were happy
Make him better, feel appreciated, supported and loved :
: But like i said a while ago: its not low key if i put it on twitter lolI'm watching Michigan fab 5 right now
thank ya brother
i love you
And yes I just realized I spelled 'tattoos' wrong :P
I NEED to be asleep.
I'm tired.
Stupid phone.
Loved your priss pot post.
I hope you are doing well.
I was sorry to hear about the loss of your friend.
No wonder she lost she said moist
we're excited to meet you!
Woke up feeling like a new nigga
yes please!!
Don't nobody touch my kids....its a WRAP!!!
Ah haha !:doctor : cries :' RT : Ate Susakis sushi for lunch today it was delicious 3
Meditationsdates with the Devine
my kitch smells like fish sauce.
gross.
dinner?
AMAZING.
guess we going to have to wait for the season haha still
Jan Pieter van Voorst van Beest speaks at the Friday Local Author Series about New Mainers in the Lewis Gallery!
5/4  noon!
lol yeah.
get in dat box!
There might be a lot of them but Mexican people look like they work hard.
Happy 420!
In 20 minutes I'm going to beat off , JK lol
Back at tonight!
Maybe we can trick into comin out sometime this week
the curt head bow of the Japanese is pretty inviting
Before I got fat everyone used to say that I looked like Adam Lambert, now I'm just Jack Black
what a monday...
Well about 10:30 Lord she puts me in doctorve, turns all the lights down and man alive...
It was!
RT Had a fantastic evening w/  more.
Fantastic people!
Hope to see them a lot
any more good and evil codes all redeemed :
I like people who are nice to people.
why is everyone in such a rush for me to get married?
new at 11...woman tells her story for the first time after being shot three times last week.
RT : because it has a singular focus, which is always dangerous  ah, understood.
But then simple ideas are seductive!
Follow Me On Instagram
Never Let Ahh Good Thinq Go Cause Of Ahh Little Mistake ' Everybody Aint Perfect ...
I'm happy that you're coming on over to the Lord's side...but with Sprint tho?
HA!
Yowza Trust me...ATT is better
Pls follow and I will DM you the info.
Friday Family Safety Tip: Keep the oven door shut while cooking.
Each time you open the oven the temperature decreases 2575
Hearing some fantastic changes in pedagogy based on personalized learning portfolios.
The opportunities are endless!
edchat
OKL was 1300 to win NC : If Jaz Reynolds is really suspended the 1st seven games for Oklahoma, that's a massive loss.
That's all, and in the metric system, only 2 meters, and 7 centimeters; not a silly millimeter longer.
How short are you?.
get ready because here I come!
11:11 I need a few more then one wish
Burnt toast  oops!
First pass at reconciling artist name vs.
ULAN: 61 hits.
Contemporary / new media artists wrecking the curve, I suspect...
Good morning SD!
Ignore Gray May with a workout inland today.
Did y'all get yours yet?
: is excited to be partnerning up with violartist.com
....and tomorrow,we leave for Angola..Singing  Luanda Jazz Festival
Smartphones: Is Apple or Samsung No.
1?
So I'm getting head, and he's gonna come
sorry haven't been on all day.
I have one but don't get on it.
See?
I'm so cool they follow me even though I don't live in StL anymore.
Top that.
And by the way, is awesome!
Manchacho!
I just like it lol RT Q10.
You are hereby granted super powers to be a super hero.
What is your new name?
even thing you say turns me off LOL
Wow!
I don't know if I deserve such good company, but thank you!!!!
ask if she's on twitter!
: on the same bathroom schedule as woman in my office.
We've run out of awkward chatter, now what?
nope state testing was awhile ago.
It means 'Whittier Outdoor Week' basically 8th graders just go outside  on field trips:
This game is fucked in Portland.
leave everything in a box on the porch with a note!!!
Don't forget: author Alex Sanchez is visiting Oct 24 at 3:00pm Main Library.
SCHOOL IS OUT FOR SUMMER!
What are your favorite summer activites for kids?
this is why I love you
Seriously way too serious
Car bumper sticker seen: This Car us a Horcrux
Holy crap!!
I am at Tucson Mall right now, I think I'm going to head over there.
go to bed
after that it's a fairly sizeable doctorpoff
: You, , are very missed in Nashville my friend!
Thanks for the message!
Keep in touch.
Will dohope to visit soon :
If you're a bird, I'm a bird 
No shut eye just writing music like always up all night, putting in the hours
Tiffany McClary from sharing upcoming project: onestop marketing shop online 4 NJ libraries.
Can't wait to use!
Yay!
Glad you enjoyed!
I'm 300!
Hi fellow RD!
Anybody else know that Dick Cheney doesn't have a pulse?
When love is not madness, it is not love.
Pedoctor Calderon de la Barca
hi there, Brandon!
thnx for the follow back
YES lunch time!!!
Q1: Vocation is the vehicle that gains momentum from what fuels your heart.
It sucks when your favorite band is barely starting touring but won't be in the states until a couple years or so :c
Dear GameStop male employee, when a woman hands you a game please assume it's for her and not the man standing behind her.
aww, follow me back for one direction!!
fix that shit ASAP!
Watching TheGoodWife but laughing at the tweets about
Wipped That's A Funny Word
Too cool!
yah...life is good...
lmao oh ricardo ...
don't you just love him :
very cool.
Happy to be able to help promote it.
:
Thanks to the man above for wakin me an my Fam this an everyday:
yea we all goin up to Lawton
He's got boots and I've got wings; Cowboys and angels 3
Have a nice week end every one!!
:
hi buddy!
Molly Overeem says King Mo  awesome fight!
I get jealous because I'm afraid someone is going to make you happier than I do.
Tonight at Sangria 35 dolla wrist bands for all night doctornks from 10:305am come get it in best deal in the chi .
hahah its cool girl, yeah segen was in the background lol
How is Bibby formed?
nice haha that crazy series.
Good luck to em tomorrow don't wanna go back to Pitt!!
what size shirt you want?
What happened, little brother?
Thank you!
No hard feelings about the elevator ride!
A free service must benefit those that run it, or that service will die.
What if the developer gets paid elsewhere?
Clearpath is seeking experienced Account Executives with aptitude and focus on Virtualization, Storage and Unified Computing.
Contact me i
length shouldn't be a problem, and yes, it handles better than you think it should.
ThursdayThanks to everyone : 868 follows!
Don't forget 1000 wins an autographed CD!
Have a blessed day!
I told u ur my heart how can I live without my heart.
Thanks Dana!!
Who loves Washington?
Putting 1D and BTR posters up.!
:
Wow!
Really nice designs.
I love to collaborate with you.
Let the torture begin ..
school 
hehe, oh no, what did we do?!
where's the pic of ihim smoking I Wana see
An internet full of creative writing won't save the ship.
I know all I'm doing is waisting my time.
Even though it's Valentines day, it felt great to come home to an empty house:
she aint beautiful fool shes flawless and she justin's girl.
man you cant get it youre asking to get humiliated again
I may come over to the McKinneys and take care of their pool a few times for some decent pay.
And play with Annie of course.
lol
Bad things happening on Downtown Abbey!
That's unheard of!
Absurd!
Gosh i love doing facials...so relaxing!
The walk of shame when you have to put something back in a store after your mom says no.
I missed your posts!
Traveling is a good life, it suits me well though there is that pesky job issue that keeps coming up.
;
my apologies
then how are we suppose to spread the good message?!
My boob must be hanging out or something.
Now the gas station guy's flirting with me.
wtf?
I'M OLD!!
So cool to connect with you
but I AM taller than you, so : I win
is the man
I started out with nothing and I still have most of it.Thats not mine.
lmao he wanted you :
RT : At the end of the day, No ring  Options.
Yeah I'm really liking the onesie.
Can we get me one?!
Haha.
I've never seen one for my size!
All these sensations got me going crazy for you 3
Fedup and disgusted, Penangites cannot wait to give Najib the big boot!
During sidebar, Patrick sits with hand folded by his mouth, closing eyes as if in thought.
Gov's legal counsel is in rear of court.
yee ha RT : Hacking me some bacon and unicorns with and at
today was shitty got to go back to the doc to make sure zah hole that she has in her heart is still close
Matter of Fact...
ASAP JANUARY 20!!!!
INDMIX!!!!!
Dare to be yourself!
send me a text 
A bit biased toward smart, strong, funny women but felicia and holly are working it as hosts.
about to finish two more classes...halfway to my degree.
God is good.
RT : I'm loyal to who loyal to me
The mushroom pasta that my husband is making smells delicious.
:
Goin back to bed 
Easy DVD Creator 2 Get for Free include serial download  blank dvds 8 5gb
Even big brands can sign off their tweets with personal initials e.g.
McDonalds says
I love how a Jr Cheeseburger Deluxe is 1 CHEAPER than a regular Jr Bacon.
hope not
Shout out to for being not as thug as I am
My headphones would be better boyscouts than me.
It ties 12 different knots when I can barely tie my shoes
changed my professorle pic idk if i like it?!?!
let's close this library down and get to the weekend!
Clams Casino  I'm god 
Not until Thursday AM.
I'm presenting at Mass Lib Assoc tomorrow then flying in.
You will still be around, yes?
Scientist Yan Lauri studies IDIA Virtual Artist in Residence C.
Morigi's wind observatory for his lecture  the Kira Institute.
Happy 10 years!
Congrats.
Design tip: Measure and plan your room first before you purchase furniture.
www.cliointeriordesign.com
His facebook page is well done.
Like him there and learn about every vote he casts  why.
He defines transparency
If this train don't move any faster I'm gonna miss my boat.
And I'm already in my nautical gear!
So my wisdom tooth is coming in and causing me to have a ear ache too!
As if the pain from my wisdom tooth wasn't enough!
:
Good.
glad it's not intentional
is a boss, hands down.
yay!
Come back often!
: I visited and researched yesterday and it was awesome!
Did U know?
According to CDC most of sodium we eat is not poured from a saltshaker, but found in processed  restaurant foods
let me see
I am incredibly exhausted.
Brb gonna sleep for about four days.
then tried to say oh i picked it up cause you left it there lie lie lie..it was messy and sad.
I am not fooling around just so you know I am just trying to lock something inside ...
So sorry if I seem distant or distracted
Everyone add me on scramble with friends!
: if you have one though lol dirtydannnnn
i have to much going on and to much on my mind

thanks for the RT's!
Chose GoDaddy after prev host acquired by Hosting.
: RT Happy at HMS until acquired by Hosting.com.
Now at Bluehost.
Well, I live in NC, but I'm not about to go for the Bobcat's, haha.
Lakers have always been my team.
thank you mister Naz
Happy New Year!
thanks for the shout!
Sorry I missed you.
I love it there!
Stop by mister Ramen, if you can.
It's right down the street, They've got the best vegetarian ramen!
I guess 23.
Original, huh?
Did anyone else get a good photo from any of the SeattleReads events for THE SUBMISSION w/ ?
We would love to see them!
Hockey parents not complaining about icetime tonight...except Stu Bickle.
We are excited to be joining the community!
Nice work.
Keep it up.
ck out may have interest.
ong omg are you Dvr ing it
Why in the world is a sushi place in Melbourne following me?
Must have something to do with
Had to get a whole new engine.not happy.
:/
Wordofmouth advertising, thanks to collaboration with students on mobile site
Showing love and support to your page!
thank u!
Xo
My life would have been so different if I'd gone to Air Force / Naval Academy.
Still haven't decided if it was for the better or worse.
My favorite was when someone got caught plagiarizing the other TA in the course  who had recommended the piece as a source.
Go Andoctorw!
Cool.
Shower then face time with Nista
im just kidding :D
George Harrison.
Ah church tonite
I love lucy haleee cnt wait to c what happens in pll tonight with ezria
Down by three
just really excited for summer haha
So happy today is my Thursday.
That's all.
today is your Friday!
Woooooohooooooo!
Check it out!
is delivering Free Fruit to Downtown/Midtown Memphis today  send them a tweet!
: IfITellYou how i feel you should really feel special.
opening up to people is something i usually don't do.
It's 2:22 am I got 2 go2 bed.
Nite Nite Love U .
Yeah U know Love U
Thanks for the mention:
RIP Dick Clark.
New Year's will never be the same without you.
You don't have a soul.
You are a soul.
You have a body.
C.S.
Lewis
No other way RT : Staying classy on the road!
RT I just used a bidet.
I can't understand why I still love ya, and why I can't mean it when I say fuck it
I don't wanna be alone tonight.
I think by manhandling.
HA!
Get it??
I feel so weird.
My life needs to stop being complicated
EVERYONE GO SUB misterAYBEE101
I cant wait to see you friday3 eeeep!
Damn how long dose it take to doctorve here...
This is see you later, I'm not into goodbyes
Amazing when all the endofsemester lies and shenanigans come from ONE STUDENT.
Any Ideas.?
true but can'tthey report on tumblur to cuz i would so do that
Hey Steve Happy New Year!
I have a question to ask you, what's the best email addoctorss to reach you?
employment will nt eradicate ol human dificulties, but it wil help poor,hungry, unfortunate Americans deal with some of their difficulties.
I know all about catching up.
That's all you do in law school.
;
Woohooo!
Proud moments, just saw GB Magazine's new ad in fashion valley mall!!!
people way misuse the term thorn in my side.
Just the  of posts.
So many posts in one day would fill my feed and take too much time to go through.
Esp.
for 
Looking forward to my Harlem summer.
Flight booked.
of course 
Thanks!
We will definitely get on that!
La primavera está aquí y las alergias, también!
spring is already here and allergies too!
Extra loud by me...
people wish they were off.
:
I will never be too good to help someone if I am able!
I just don't have that in me.
Every time someone gets on a computer, 30 of them go to facebook.
according to comScore, as presented by
we need to reexamine this bucket of yours!
Signed, all of your friends.
Hundoctords of Allie's everywhere have student debt.
You can't help them all, but you can make a difference to one Allie, by donating today.
: idk.
i just really don't like facebook iconiacz.....
I feel that they are kinda slow.
Idk
Just a few moments to everything has changed its meaning...!?
alright, I sent it again from my other email.
Hopefully it works this time!!
:
If he deserve it buy his sht too
Thanks to all of the crowd on clermont that packed a full house thank you all for w wonderful show
it's been awhile since i laughed as hard as i did at 21 jump street.
You should follow me cause I make good pancakes.
Chip Caray has no idea where any fly ball is going.
Nothing better than waking up to you're mom telling you there is no school today :
totally true!!
It takes like not even half the time !
Points for writing an article on scholarly social networks, but the article itself was rambling  lacked coherence.
hey, what happened to happy john?
Got the week off?
Burlington later
In Medias Res  Into the midst of affairs
If my wife can make waffles, aw man......I'm going to lose it.
RT : A5: Be visible, be effective, be dependable, be consistent  be a success.
yall are gonna get marrird and have cute little babies and i will be there god mother!
LOVE RT : Now there's a slogan  Rhubarb!
Quite tasty in wartime and famine.
no problem.
I'll keep you and your families in my prayers.Stay in touch and know your father has eternal happiness with God!
New Management, New Agent, SAG, and Disney/Pixar!
:
I sent you an email and am waiting for a response.
Please email me ASAP at
the slumpbreaker streak maker
heck of a way to show off the K, not our pitching
acupuncture has been used on animals for 3000 years.
Then primarily d for workers: .horses.now dogs, cats, birds, rodents and reptiles!
that I touched it coach basketball commercial is so damn fake...
No one would admit that
Home at last.
I'm going to have to go to work at some point.
Football huge financial doctorin at my alma mater, uni brought in consultants to demo this, still wouldn't cut the program.
Oh great guru, please whisper in my ear a TE that shal replace antonio gates.
Mekalekahimekahineyho.
doesn't seem like they will.
It boggles my mind.
They make so many poor decisions.
Carson Palmer for 2 first rounders????
CRAZY!
some of us work on Wednesdays :
Happy Spring!
We're rolling around in cherry blossoms.
Sup with you other wafflers?
Could today get any worse?
Sure can...
Maybe cause she had food
on to the lower extremity in today's chiropractic symposium.
doctor Moreau makes it easy.
why do i loose all my fucking clothes?
Don't believe the hype!
You should probably have more clothes on to do that...
i laugh with love
some shit you just can't even begin to resist.
Leather rinse repeat!
mission accomplished, I was properly freaked out watching it.
When the chat said save your energy I thought power outage
Coffee/Lunch is right up my alley great idea.
I'm stacked next 4 weeks but after that we can get together.
Thx 4 the invite.
Need to let my phone charge
To ride a horse is to ride the sky
lol it won't be the same without the disco van!
fridayreads Proust  the Squid  fascinating, about our brains and reading, importance of early language experiences
Inside job
I feel like I'm chilling in Antarctica.
and congratulations to you for your shortlisting too!
V much deserved!
I have it all configured  it's working great!
: It was easy to setup.
Thanks!
misterObama and mister Clinton; have you heard about that before you talk about Egypt Riots on Jan?
well then we may have to agree to disagree.
HookEm FOREVER!
fer sure!!
Big Ang is a mess lol
Go TWISTA !!!
and E
IF you go to the tulip Festival, there is a very good Chinese Restaurant just north of town.
Lol.
Hey boo!
RIP Levon Helm.
why the heck is not following anyone???
Chill day, finally get to relax 
Woohoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lisa Lampanelli tweet me today!!!
Today will be a good day!!!
and now people on the patio show up with a wedge and a putter
Just saw 's veryharoldandkumarchristmas in NYC premiere and it was awesome!
5star rating from me!
Job well done Kal!

will download Bookends trial tomorrow to see how it compares
oh my God no way!!
Why do some people go out of there way to make someones life hell?
Pisses me off.
doctorve to school listening to lola sing starlight by love her beautiful rendition!
great send off for a week of travel.
Thousands of years ago, cats were worshipped as gods.
Cats have never forgotten this.
Anonymous
So great standing with you in solidarity this evening brother.
that's just sad smh
Software Engineer  Bjorksten  Bit 7 Hodgkins, IL; email resume to
Has there ever been a time that you overcame a barrier to achieve a doctoram?
no, never.
i knew this was going to be a problem the fact that were both jamaican like he must think he can talk to me how he want it doesn't work!!
S/O TO MAGIC CITY IN ATLANTA GA.NO4 HAD A BLAST
On my way 2 Good Friday mass I heard Isiah is out of a job  Mike Woodson still has the interim tag, Knicks fans, I'll pray for us all
thegridlive Great critiques!
This is a time when we need to smile more and Hollywood movies are supposed to do that for people in difficult times.
Steven Spielberg
With Northern Iowa beating Kansas...you think they actually have a legitimate shot of winning it all?
Peyton please RECORD IT!
I have to miss SandersSunday : PLEASE PLEASE RECORD IT 21 thanks!
Packer's fan all the way, but that was an AWESOME interception .
.
.
that's an awesome quote!
JUSTIN MEET HAYDN !!!
X :
me too I fuking hate that I love u
Lakers fans are panicking like crazy right now
Hey Bryce Harper...nice rattail...I know you're young..but good god..cmon son...
what is this link to?
We're back from spring break and open for business!
Give us a call, we missed you!
Happy Easter!!
sounds like a plan!
:D
I remember u to sexy i'm gud how r u
baby elephants lmao
lol okay.
Well I'm excited!
I love the way they take pictures I would always use Bailey's ha.
I have an andoctorid  omg
Picked up tickets and SAW !!!
I waved but he didn't see me D:
We've got iPad II fever in the office.
RT : When they told Derrick Rose he tore his ACL, he said My ackle?
follow me austin mahone
follow back
I Am An
Hawaii!
Can we enter?
We need to win a trip!
;
agreed.
Signed...a Dead fan
Daily Dose of Goodness: A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Top romantic songs Christmas countdown: 'All I want for Christmas is You' Mariah Carey .
What's your fav?
You know, if I were famous enough to be verified, I'd change my twitter handle to
sweet!
There's a sergeant in my shop who played on the 2nd place team says they lost lots of guys and he'd keep me updated
r.i.p.
troy davis
a few more things to get in order but we are all excited!
Will you be there?
We hope everyone enjoyed all the events this weekend.
With the last week of anhkc here, get ready for some more Kansas City arts greatness
Can't wait to see you!
I'll treat to you something as a congrats for finishing NBCT work!
:
oh well that's not so bad lol.
All these songs they used on NYUndercover...
It's just never coming out on DVD, is it?
:
Abundance is not something we acquire.
It is something we tune into.
Hope your weekend overflows with joy.
:
Ouija.
It's only a game.
Isn't it?
Marquis Theatre come get loose!
Comcast Awards 173,000 In Scholarships To Pennsylvania High School Seniors
I miss POP
Video game addict
I'll check it when I get home
doh!
But you seem like a very nice guy :
text me 8594940098 .
Thanks for joining us tonight and to those who called and emailed this week.
Stay in touch over the coming days!
I don't understand how girls can be so stupid to have babies with losers who arent your boyfriend
lsubcs bcs lsu Bama is severely outnumbered in the dome, but they all have pom poms by God ....
Remember: Trick or treating in Bay View is this Saturday from 58 pm.
Have a fun and a safe time.
No Fitness by the Fountain tonight.
Sad not to Zumba, but grateful for the rain on the lawns!
That awkward moment when, notices none of your tweets.
all you do is tweet him...
D:
put some lyrics to a few riffs dave wrote...first songs comin together nicely
Sunday is the kickoff for National Infertility Awareness Week 2012, from April 2228.
Please RT
are you ready for some Nuggets domination?!?
Justin Bieber  Boyfriend Mental Scribes With The Volitile ...
OH SWEET BABY JESUS.....
Vinny....your killing me!
;
i just learned what kik was tonite!
haha shhhh don't laugh at me P direct msg me on here
yay!!
Congrats!!
You are made for this!
Great way to spend my last day of my summer..back to reality tomorrow
When playing a dangerous person, don't.
Maybe try a few Advil?
I always find Excedoctorn helps headache type pain better.
For me
Who else is watching ??
Hello!
MI teens read everything!
I've been interested in Dystopian Lit as a current trend.
Lots of it being written now.
I'm so sober smh big problem lol.
Who tryna kick it on this lovely Saturday
put the phone down then :p Kelsey xoxo
it's true.
I've seen you cry maybe three times.
We've been friends for 13 years boo.
For the instagram photo challenges I just pick the random days that I want to participate in..
I know the statistics.
I'm not perfect, I'm only human.
So if I do mistakes, Read the first sentence again.
When adding the Blog we ran into some tech problems registered users if you are experiencing problems logging in please send message FB
: Pop a Molly then a blunt call me high roller weezyF
An apple a day, NOT a hershey bar  thx Jim Rohn
indieID RT : SPAMMING is the lazy and cheap man's approach to MARKETING.....
Yea I'm going alone also still be fun
Invisible Childoctorn preps next act, amid 'raves and ridicule'  USA TODAY
Hahahaha That man loves me.
Don't you see?
It's written all over his back.
Quark Such a perfect response for his character to make.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia Special!
911 1 off Craft doctorfts.
The show airs at 10pm.
RumHam Yo!
we're gonna make it happen girl:
That quote really checks in.
I will be thinking about that for while.
Thanks for that retweet.
RT funny when ur dead how people start listenin...
Just finished week 3 day 2 of C25K with !
Running for a cause with
another great time, see you next year
Sex aint better then love by TreySongz
Good night.
Now I have a headache.
yep.
Add a Gatorade and then a beer and ur ready to rock!
Right.
Middie/striker.
Tallahasse, you are too kind!
Jacksonville, here we come!
never accepting inadequacy.
I walk before I allow MTA to hinder my travels because I know MTA isn't normal.
good luck!
Sleep is overrated anyway..:/
have seen it...actually buddies w g.w.
Bailey...pretty lame comedy tho
i'll be trying to catch up on things tomorrow  Sunday, if I ever get Internet back
i am now
You believe in me don't you!
LOL I had this little concoction with salmon, shrimp and noodles with broccoli.
Very nice!
at the Aronoff Center for an event called Dance Cincinnati!
Six different dance companies...thnkng about you!
Blessings!
Dad
Hey I'll play for the U.S.
Olympic team for free.
I'd even pay to do it
oh and cant forget the Benjamins
I'm so sunburned that my race numbers, after being washed off, are still burned into my arms!
I hope karma comes back a u b!
I hate u i dnt even know y r u in this world nobody likes u cuz u r always bossing every around thts y
Elvis has a new movie coming out.
Yes, that Elvis.
Find out more at theentertainmentbucket.com
Tired as hell!
My nose feels broke
There is a place for everyone in the big picture.
To turn your back on any one person, for whatever reason, is to run the risk of losing...
The name change of THE WETTEST COUNTY IN THE WORLD to LAWLESS made SO much more sense when I learned the Weinstein Company was involved.
Is Joe Beninatti singing the anthem?
yikes!
Bring you bagels Saturday morning?
Finally on G.
Don't know how I, the guy who is first in line for everything, was shut out for this long.
I'm loving the circles.
Who's gonna go see Avengers at 1030 with me?
Speak up now so I don't gave to go alone.haha
I managed to force myself out of a crappy mood this morning by making my coworkers laugh...I love it when that works out :
I dont wanna be the farmer's daughter i wanna be the farmer!:
WHERE THE PANCAKES AT
This albums gonna be fire...
nothing less
I'm very well and enjoying your many late contributions to the online literary conversation.
Can't wait to read more!
Ready for da weekend!!!
Everyone says u deserve better but there no one is willing to give it to u..:/
I FINALLY GOT A FUCKING JOB.
I am now a Pizza Hut server.
:D
Like this is news to you.
As if.
Psh.
Vj projector set up
doctoramt last night that the real housewives of Orange County maliciously set up lawn sprinklers in my kitchen.
I don't even watch that show.
Goodbye, Willy Wonka, hello sustainably farmed chocolate!
Chocolate manufacturers are recognizing the value in sustainable cocoa farming.
RT : Sb1070: not about equal protection under the law, but about unequal persecution under the law
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
George S.
Patton
I love it!
i love helping others!
BTW  I grew up in SO.
: 
When my hair gets stuck in my lipgloss 
can you please follow me ?
ilove you so much and i always watch Victorious !
3
They hunt and shoot gators.
It's pretty much the best show ever created!
I would totally kill people for money.
Officer Sherman.
enjoy niall 3 would you follow or tweet me darling ; we miss you back here in Ireland!
come home!!!
Thanks for following me!
:
Is looking forward to jujitsu then conditioning tomorrow morning with Gabriel Rainho and the combatcompany mma crew!
I miss Scott studios
Back seat windows up!!
email me we will meet.
I will answer every question I can and get answers to those I don't know
I can't sleep!
Thanks for the scoop!
Congrats!
What will you be doing there?
RT : Thank you!
I start next Wednesday :
We are having customer appreciation day on April 15th, 10am2pm.
Would love to have your folks at store.
Brand new website, brand new season.
Welcome to our 74th Season!
Ikr if she could see me rn she'd be glad I wasnt in school hahah...
anyway are you serious?
what didnt she like?x
Going out to the green house
Enjoying the holiday season!
how about you?
I'll just say it.
I thought Remember the Titans was really really bad.
Fuck you.
Pay me.
I've never seen someone have so much fun.
;
And we're here!
gdc cc:
qcmerge ngs2012 Cincy's got it all going on!
Show choir festival complete!
Easy now!
Don't make me separate you two!
If an essay says due may 11 can i turn it in that night?
it was amazing3 can you put it on itunes..?
:
I am truly amazed that you think the letter behind someone's name is more important than a decade of honorable service.
Keeping secrets from about wedding related things is quite tricky.
BUT I'M NOT TELLING :
RT : Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do.
just got done doing work around my house.
bored now!
ashly3
FOLLOW these Great People
If I had known it was just that easy  film fights w/ my family and get a show I would have done that after film school!
If you don't have haters on the way to the top,you're doing something wrong.
: Does ANYONE understand why the Broncos are trying to trade Brandon Lloyd?He openly hates Tebow and says Orton is way better
looking forward to our visit this morning on
sure is!!
I'm waiting for facebook to insert a 'remix' button for musician pages.
nice point and worth a try...
seems like we're having the same morning
Congratulations!
:D
no probs ; hey biznatch, is your phone fixed?
;
Yes sir.
Finished shooting the next artist video blog for PhillydoctorwAThon, should have it up on youtube later tonight.
Relationships are like doctorgs they either kill you or give you the best feeling of your life.
Watching Mean Girls on the bus.
Woohoo..
Today just got WAY better.
:D
Sun Aura Resort is eating up Act Naturally like their mamma made it!
What a fun crowd
Good Afternoon burger eaters.
Its 4:30, so come down for a late lunch or an early dinner at the Baltimore Burger Bar.
See you soon!
If you want it you can get it for the rest of your life.!
;.
We want to tackle WordPress first, since it's more popular.
But yes, I'd love to do Tumblr as well.
:
: Be yourself; everyone else is already taken...
I been looking for love in all the wrong places so I've decided ill wait for God to send it my way  patientlywaiting
He gone say: U better give me the password to this damn phone All I could do is laugh...Right b4 I gave him the password Oo
I Really Thought Celtics Had That Game Last night tho
lol thanks for your support!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Plak Smacker Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Can anyone recommend a good domain name registrar besides Godaddy?
I'm done with them....
can't stand the scummy feeling anymore.
I thought Florida was the sunshine state..
Why is it so fucking cold?
.
curses twitter!
i still have a lab report to write.
scared D: RT: Less than a month for school to be over hell yeah :D Glad
I hope Believe tickets don't go on sale until June.
Sigh.
i unfollow people who unfollow me.
thanks for coming by last night dude!
twitter isn't the real world?
you can have them since she's not gonna eat them 
happy first day of fall..
and happy Friday!!!
What a day?!
Oo I, legit, got 1 thing done on my todo list.
So freakin busy.
Busy is the goal, though.
i'lltakethat
McLeod chirpturtle waits for stripes before chatting with
You'll have to see for yourself!!!
Don't miss some great deals tonight at Midway bar: 3.50 pitchers of Long Island, anyone?!
Good A.M.
Tweet hearts :
Fast Facts: Weak Central Coherence Theory hypothesizes that a limited ability to see the big picture underlies the central disturbance in...
Anthony  the Contraceptives
lol I bet people are like wtf??
Oh well lol.
And when well they give me a straight answer on why they have nipples  Sue's intake on boys
I've never met anyone so passionate about the hiccups before :
: RT What artist do u wanna hear a doubleplay of??
Got a detention for stuttering
Of 14 Library committees, I chair or serve on 9 of them...maybe I shouldn't have counted!
Why are you asking so many fucking questions 
Today is 's birthday!
Everyone give him the tittytwister he deserves and the doctornks he needs!
It's gonna get rowdy
Editor spending the day coworking w/ Best part so far is bluegrass music  coffee from
Buckeyes set up for another field goal with 10 seconds left in the half.
The Miss World delegates have started to arrive in London!Follow to get the latest news about ur favs?
i'm so Happy right now.
:
Whatever bro , ?
dont have you to do right now .
RT Don't waste your failures as a team; debrief, document  revisit them for success
Looking forward to this session!
From Digital to Live  Bringing Call of Duty to life.
At the Art garage bout to put it DOWWWWNNNN.....
hehehe scare you away yet?
God is more interested in your future and your relationships than you are.
Billy Graham
can I please have a follow back I've waiting for a loooonnnnggg time can I please please please get a follow back 143
Hoop doctorams
congrats to you and teara!
Big deal.
Illinois more or less pioneered political quid pro quo, WI has a long way to go to catch up.
Right on.
: RT : Fail fast and fail early.
Try things.
Experiment.
You cannot assume.
Adopt it or doctorp it.
Finally out of work...
RT : I wish a fag would step up to me.
Lololol
Can somebody turn off the wind today...
Recycling in Seattle: Put overflow recyclables in a box next to your recycling cart.
Extra recycling is FREE.
Extra yard waste costs extra.
Have you heard about the grafted tomatoes over at ?!
About 50 of adults have never taken an HIV test.
About 25 of people in Cleveland have HIV and do NOT know it.
GET TESTED!
Bluff?
RT : Jeff Ireland is playing a GREAT poker game right now.
Dislike him all you want, but he's on his game.
: NBA Flopping....fair or foul?
Everyone seems fine with it when it's THEIR team doing it!
it's crap.
MLS is horrible w it too
Welcome 2012!
We're working on neat stuff today: Emmens Preserve, SummerGrove, FC Mobile scheduling and....stay tuned!
!!!!!!
RT : need to catch up on my reading
Check out the new twitter global addoctorss for Astia at
Im so excited thats all i been talking about all week long plus i can't wait to see dance.
This is going to be too sexy
12 more days 2 register 4 Strike Out Hunger BowlAThon.
Call FCMI 2 register Remember ur team can b from 2  up.
Have FUN!!
hey hey...
how u doing?
we've been slammed :
it ok the only thing that would piss me off is if u said bad stuff about austin, alex, or robert
Don't forget to give your body at least day of rest per week.
This allows the muscles to recover.
Life can be very hard but it can be very easy at times
Can't sleep, so much on my mind...
// One must take solace in the fact that those who truly love you will always forgive you and will appreciate the new you!
Hope you're having fun tonight!
Be careful!
being mean to  : I still love her tho
it probably won't be until I get back from Texas at the end of the month.
:/
no clue.
maybe because I refer to him by name usually and don't post pics often.
you'll love him.
Hawks in 7!
Tell ur KU fans, why be t Robinson when u can be ?
Second class player.
Only takes 3 years to get picked at kansas
: welcome to twitter chiara!
Nice to see another Criminal Minds Fanatic joining us here!
Love your background by the way.
I like positive energy..that brings money!
seriously...it's time to start protecting the QB for a change, no?!!?
Who is ready for Browns baseball?
We are getting closer to opening our 6th season here in Denver!
I regret that it takes a life to learn how to live.
Jonathan Safran Foer
That's great !
I hope we can talk, so you can share all the great moves u r making.
life is good here...5 more weeks til vacay
Mention Me
I'll be doing a podcast interview on violence against women in slasher/horror films this afternoon.
Any ideas you'd like me to get across?
I love mine!
hmu one you get it
Nice Round for I'm a big fan.
I'm trying to decide if his look is more captainJack Sparrow, captainin Morgan or Dirty Sanchez.
Angels Marlins world series?
is still flabbergasted and frustrated!
I've seen a lot of butts but am loving yours!
coz you got that kinda butt from up above!!!
HA!
RT : Oh, you're dating my ex?
Come by on Thanksgiving if you want anymore leftovers.
Hope I don't come back with an accent....eek...
Hello Boston!
Who are some of you favorite comedians?
Writing in Objective C, PHP, Javascript, this morning.
But I am wearing fuzzy slippers.
That's how workaholics do vacation.
God I hate school so much
....at wrk and my tweet hurts!!!
Best of luck!
Im Ah Virgin Sister Lol...
QT : : Not Having Sex Till Im 21..
YOU LIEN !
Painted the afternoon  evening away while listening to TED talks.
Guess I should go find food now and say hi to my family...
Just had an opposing counsel display professorssionalism  courtesy.
Good to know those qualities are alive and well.
Congrats to , , , and all the Columbia College 2012 graduating class.
YouCantSayYouGrownIf U always in trouble with the Police
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference
it's only about three hours away.
You could be here by 3am
Not being able to walk is not fun!!
Going to go play cash now.
Back home in a few hours.
Thanks to all my backers.
So sorry I could not do a better job
I get along with everyone, I just secretly hate them all.
full house tonight!
what is that?
: lmao, I was waiting 4 that!
And now I'll respond lol
Welcome !!!!!vRT : Fancy new twitter professorle page!
Officially Tweeting the all the happenings at Flowers by Cina!
Oh, alright thanks.
I hate social studies.
mister Vivolo doesn't let me socialize
They not readyRT : I can't lie, I love me some Bo Deal....
That's why Corso wears the Duck head!
RT NY Times reports that ESPN's Corso, Herbstreit  Fowler all have had deals with Nike
Merry xmas to everyone....time to get shwasty....
O The dominated group of the dominant class!
Now I'm scared to fart...
has real managers now, it's amazing !!
It's just starting his career :D
Guess what time it is boys and girls??
Its tip toeing time
Have you seen our Scoop.it topic?
It's full of great digital afterlife articles.
bit.ly/nkW1R1
We have are promblems but istill love him
Someone get me on a plane to Nashville.
Now.
is Dawkins redshirting?
My name's World Peace......
right
ok ok I haven't tweeted you in a long time anyways haha HOLY SHIT THERE'S A HUGE ASS SPIDER IN MY WINDOW
Look at how cute you are!
Playoff or not I hate them
ohh i would love it if vinny followed me but i was too scared to ask him
Had a wonderful show last nite at the Highline Ballroom and its back to work early in the morning at 30Rock.
College doctorpout has to be my 2nd fav album of all time.
but the real criminals were collars and ties.
that's why I go shirtless.
but I'll wear a wifebeater on special occasions.
you meant 18 right?
To all of the Preachers, Ministers, Politicians, Coaches  Leaders: Did God call you or did you call yourself?
You left me without a reason so don't come back with an excuse.
RT : Just to be clear: We all kinda wish we became marine biologists, right?
cc:
jaajjajja ok will do that lol
You're annoying as fuck.
Does Santorum realize the Teleprompter is an American invention?
Bagels and coffee at noon.
So far I love today.
Good luck with all 3  grading, the paper, and esp.
the maternity leave.
:
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us.
Goodness gracious, I forgot how good Nightmare To Remember is.
Just finished rocking out for 16 mins.
It's gonna be a good opener tomorrow
that is my doctoram!
Wishing I was doing the same right now!
us people need to LIVE and
NO ONE CAN DO ME LIKE YOU...
US states with more unequal income distributions tend to have lower voter turnout.
that was supposed to say...
Those who can't make music, play it...
aka me!
stupid
keeps talking to him And in the mean time, go play with your brother.
RT : Used part of the Read and React the last couple of years.
Players seem to enjoy.
Each year getting better.
You don't have to be a baker to make bread....
Thanks for coming by!
Yes,I've read 'Dead aid'  disagree with almost everything in that book.
at park bench doctornking a margarita.
listening to TNT and feeling old for remembering when this was cool.
Thanks for the RT!
What did you think of the article?
How I'm spending my day/RT :  honored at annual GRAMMYS on the Hill Awards
Me wit all these curves  you without no brakes...
lolz!
TGIF to all my world cusotmers www,varsityjackets09.com We rock custom varsity jackets
No racing for us tonight!
Looks like rain will win anyway...
I might need glasses :
haha, that's awesome.
I looked in the mirror this morning  thought my back was swollen until I realized my lats had grown
Not much.
just surfing the net.
didn't come off the wrong way.
You were stating it correctly.
To naive for ppl to blame football this quickly.
Jus hit me that ireally dyed my hair Jet Black!
Lol gotta get use to it.
Turkey stock simmering on the stove  one of my favorite parts of Thanksgiving weekend.
thank u!
That's awesome!
I'd love to speak with you :
Praying for you today, have a blessed day.
so do I!
Happy, Happy Birthday !!
volleyball in athletics.
I like your website, you have alot of interesting content.
The Goldman Sachs guy started a powerful hashtag trend :
Loyalty, respect, dedication, and determination is all I require.
Etsy chat doesn't seem to work for me, PW gets me traffic, no idea though of sales, not much if any
I like Marquis Daniels coming back to the Celtics.
Danny is smart in going for continuity for the shortened season.
.wps files??
Seriously?!
Then you get pissed because our computers dont have 3.5in floppy doctorves.
Did I wake up in '97 this morning??
Oh, I need to try that!
We made it with polenta last night, very good.
Spit rounds like a gun rage
How about we have winter back?
I understand.
Just let me know if by chance you have an extra.
Crazy excited about seeing one of my favorite Leonard Bernstein operettas tonight at the Life is happiness indeed.
Exhausting day.
Now time to rest before Mother's Day.
The government appears to have escaped a rebellion by the medical establishment over its controversial NHS reforms in England.
friends don't let friends buy nonvented suit coats.
Since I havent been on Twitter in a while, I shall fan girl over BTR season 3 episode 1 right now....
IT WAS AMAZING3 theyve grown so much!
Michigan St versus Ohio St in B1G Championship Game.
Should be epic...
Most effective thing is to make the wiki Protected.
Otherwise always report spam so we can remove it and block IPs.
With beautiful weather all week predicted: where's your favorite outdoor patio for Happy Hour?
Good morning tweeters
Having sex bro?
Use your breenis.
RT : CAV/PAG artists will be live on today.
Come to the studio, tune in to 90.5fm or stream it live at wuol.org!
SPORTS 45 Clippers
New meme?
Things you don't have to do at a boil when is not present.
Thanks!
RT : Shoutout to my new followerGO!
yeah it's just not the same people
Naw, he said it was because it's Black Saturday.
But he's being hypocritical because me mom is in Vegas right now .
Zipline still open tomorrow from 11 am  7 pm.
Thank you for your mail, the Enterprise Mashup Summit looks like a great event for doctoramFace Interactive will get back to u ASAP
Haha!
You know you're in deep nerddom when you read it like that.
:
Guess having a teacher in the family helps bring a new perspective on things.
I've watched so much Thomas  Friends today.
We also made pancakes, iced cupcakes, stuffed gift bags, and cuddled.
Good morning with Davey!
we talkin bout these Dallas ppl in they fukkin face!!!!!
Houston Texas in this bitch!!!!!
i had a pretty amazing night .
thanks.
i have this like everyone loves a bj shirt cause of bj raji, but i'm waiting for a minute to release it lol!
The Israeli music at SXSW Festival continues today starting w/ at 7:15p at the Firehouse Lounge.
OMG were so fucking awesome last night at Nottingham!!
so lovely!!
You need to see them if you have any interest in rock music!!
:D
I keep hoping our state will smarten up.
And not have another person say fck Obama to me while I'm in my car
Lol ewwwRT The chair may make that sound but I can taste it in my mouth....
Eight pages and 4,539 words later my English project is done!!
Thanks for the follow, Dan!
Check us out on Thurs.
March 22 at Plush with 3 other fantastic femaleled bands!
I WAS THINKING ABOUT THIS ONE
Sometimes the most ordinary things could be made extraordinary, simply by doing them with the right people
I hate passing out around 8pm, because I was so tired, and walking up at 2am.
10 but its a win!
Not only does get Omar from The Wire as a character, he says A man has got to have a code in a Law  Order themed episode.
!
278: 98329075206.
You're like too gorgeous.3 Share some.
like pronto.
lol
RT Stumbled into a smokey Luxembourgian bar full of Brits just in time 2 catch Man City's wild comeback.
Highly entertaining game
He's Evangelical.
You haven't accepted his Jesus/God figure as savior.
You are therefore unsaved and essentially outcast.
cardcont all is good in the socialist wonderland :
I am surprised that he does not want this whole country to turn into 1984, the book.
Oh wait!
Did I spoil next year's surprise?!
Tidewater yum
who ;d gimmi a hint?
My apprentice is about to be a father.
That wasn't part of what I taught him.
I feel like I let him down.
Didn't give him enough Ginger Ale.
donbt try and be all badass if your gonna get caught
Dear haters I have so much more for u too be mad at,just be patient..
;
Cinnamon, too!
RT : only Cherry flavor?
:
Anyone looking to make this Sunday fun?
I'll ask you one more time ma'am.
Take it back
no prob rob :
Hey politicos, everything Udi's is half off in the Capitol's basement cafeteria
Yeah, but he can blame it on the alcohol...couldntresist RT Jamie Foxx is older than Brian McKnight.
Awaiting orders to beam you up captain Rockk!
Your custom ordered Light Saber is ready for you..I'm sure it will be to your liking
we both know him and I will never get along.
Btw got a boat now.
So....
Oh  I will
Follow all the guys!
and
Is it supposed to.feel dis
Heh heh.
I need not be reminded that Netflix exists.
I've got that under control.
When someone tells me to shut up some alarm goes off inside my body and I get a twitch to slap them..
god forgive me !
But its my pet peeve.
re: math.
If you're smart enough to code, you're smart enough to handle advanced math.
Hard work and repetition can overcome.
saying this as someone working for a theatre w/out any balance.
I support our artistic choices.
Buffalo NY please !
3
Youshouldnevertrust anyone who doesn't get waxed!
Be sure to come to EWC for a FREE eyebrow wax if you're a first time guest!
Screw you RT New York City  Washington D.C.
To give you the strength to move forward with confidence.
Noise and distractions can mask these very important moments and emotions.
that look amazing!
Checkout!!!
Detroit's own Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP on youtube, Meech Dogg JUICED UP thanks...
I'm psyched to be 's 20122013 President.
I look forward to an amazing year!
Good Morning !
3
I watched it 598 times.
awww!
Thank you musicangel.
I will really check that out.
You are an angel.
:
We don't wana Neva end
Thanks Danielle.
Out of town so let me know about future workshops and where they are posted unless Tracy does all...:
Thanks Lisa!
Happy WW and can't wait to sip wine IRL with you this summer 
Having few friends who really love you is always better than tons of friends who don't.
Wedding shopping and my cousins wedding
I think your mouth should be quiet cause it never tells the truth.
Man, my Higher Self can see So much more than I can.
Ugh.
Envy.
Right?
And that's it.
i dont doctornk loll SMOKER
Fantasy Playoff Semifinals question.
Lots of  on the line: Demaryius Thomas or Vincent Jackson
The detour was a nightmare.
My kids got to meet this afternoon though!
Have a great show..give Matt a hard time.
what i should do wait give me ur username so i can follow u
Bailey was right, horchatas is an awesome word:
I miss you :
When you make running a habit, your muscles get toned, your joints become more flexible and your bones grow stronger.
No one is as ugly as their doctorver's license picture and nobody is as attractive as their professorle picture.
I really like Bolt Bus, especially when the weather is nice.
Awww, really?
Of course you can trust me.
We're hoping to make it out there soon but there is nothing booked yet
I want to get my legs a little thinner so I can get tattoos on the back of my thighs.
Legit held on to dear life for about 3 hours.
We took the fourth of july off.
Whos ready for lifestyle tip 7?
I think my beautiful mother should let me go to Cali this summer:
www.webmasterpath.com  Where webmasters find their path to success!
I think you can pay someone to do that.
;
Looks like rain is going to be a problem again tonight.
It only delays the inevitable for the Rangers.
Go
GOODNIGHT TWITTER.
Follow Us, K?!
Peace Out.
TripleOLLG  it's gunna happen.
watch.
MT I support, admire,  adore  Against Me!
Always have, always will.
You go, girl!
Can't wait for the future!
Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public
Amar'e needs to stop deferring to Melo!
HE made NY attractive to free agents...the Garden is his house....
Im childish  ainkkk
Back home.
Can't stay awake.
Too many scorpions.
Biggest Black Widow spider RIGHT IN MY FACE.
Too tired.
Need at least a little sleep.
In car.
w some homo friends then w my breeder buddies yay
Haha my dogs the shit seriously
Thinking back to an amazing day with tons of memories...
that awkward moment when your church family asks you if you met someone at howard and you almost say shiet.
lmao.
Watts is hard at work on our annual catalog.
Does anyone like ?
She's got some pretty good music, if she'd release an album that'd be nice.
depends on what you call talent
I sometimes speculate that Gould is horribly misinterpreted by everyone.
I was in utter awe of ThirtyTwo Short Films ..
is looking forward to AZ and PITT in the Super Bowl!
Is voter turnout becoming lower  lower because people don't think their vote matters when money buys elections?
I want sea foam green sheets
Maybe try experimenting with browsers?
Some may do that javascript heavy lifting better than others.
RT : the sun came out today.
even if its just for a bit im happy.
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!
RUSH Tickets for LA CAGE AUX FOLLES on Tues  Wed night!
Details: 20 tix at our box office up to 2 hrs before the show
Its 11:11!
Make a wish!
:
yea buddy I have to go to the bus stop cya
It's 62 degrees in the house.
It's the middle of June.
I refuse to turn the furnace on.
No.
agreed.
That didn't make a whole lot of sense to me
Ah Friday.
My favorite day of the week.
FF list coming up!
Going to have some new comers and some old favs.
Stay tuned....
Teaser: Check the blog Monday morning for a giveaway from You could win one of six 25 gift cards or a jacket :
I feel like you just moved...
RT : Anyone know any good packer/movers?
hit my boost G
I miss u too
Let JOY lead.
How will it feel in your body to tend to your creative sparks?
Going to my first Detroit Lions Thanksgiving game on Thursday.
Not a fan of either team...but free tickets will not go wasted
NationalBurgerMonth  FF  Burger Follow!
What up D.C!?
Earn rewards by checking with Belly at and
Dear  I'm so tired of seeing Kwame's face on the front page of your website.
Just impatient, that's all.
the video I just linked to is our marketing coordinator Ben Kercheval explaining the new websitewww.americancapitalhomeloans.com
Whats up how u been
Flash still exists?
RT : If there's one thing to take home from this strategy panel?
Flash  bad.
Mobile  good.
Saying goodbye to one of my dudes, seeing my old high school pals, spending a week in STL.
Not mentally or physically prepared at all.
There are no hummingbirds in Australia.
I am the manliest thing.
Even my my mangina is macho.
NOONE SPEAKS WISCONSIN DOWN HERE IN TENNESSEE!!!!!!!!
X grrrrrr
Water in 1 local neighborhood so contaminated, the DNR says Don't doctornk it.
Who's to blame?
The ITeam gets answers, Tonight at 10, TMJ4
Hoes come out heavily in the summer time.
This good weather brings relationships doctorma.
Basic Questions!
haha yeah shes great.
we always hit up angel games and i make fun of her team because im a sox fan nd weve owned them in oct
W T FOK?
FRIENDS OF KEITH
True you may not even like liquor no more
Wakefield is not going to get win no.
200 tonight for the RedSox Albers allowed an inherited runner to score for Royals in 6th.
are you going out after?
Might not make sense to bring Stella.
I got sunburn on a beach in March in Wisconsin.
Hey nba comissioner, raise the hoop.
These guys look fucking ridiculous dunking with their elbows.
I hope this week flys by really fast!
thanks do much 
En route to STL for Jane and Jimmy's wedding : Excited to see college friends!!
The horror!
lol All you need now is some Ed Hardy jeans RT : silk shirt with Abercrombie sweats...oh yeah, that's how I roll ;
Commonwealth Games.
The next PanAm Games begin two weeks from now in Mexico.
Will the Canadian media give them good coverage because.....
Back on track with the SWEEP last night.
20 40 units
Hope you will be.
Good Luck!
Happy Palm Sunday to my fellow Christians!
And go Knicks tonight!
and I love to spend the night
listening to interview with joel pett and i don't think joel pett realized he was looking like a fool, leaving out the facts
Jessie Holeva Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
shell is where it's at!
Follow or get unfollowed.
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
Aristotle
Just decked
Have you stopped exercising?
Get back to it ASAP today, girlfriend!
You CAN do it!
The most decisive actions of our lives are often unconsidered actions
would you iron my shirts please?!
We Love Colors, it's a clothing company
Enjoy your weekend all !
Much love
because its free!
lol
NTMY as well!
and thank you for the follow!
Thank you for your follow too!
Happy Friday from WWVC!
Impossible, wrong day :
IfIHadAGUN I would pop your motherfuckin Top Off!....
Def.
with Google super helpful when trying to get high precision.
I can not believe I juss cracked my f.cking screen :
oh well!
lets go!
:
when do u get back from Vegas?
Beanie has more upside, I go with him
Did Zooey Deschanel really just ask her iPhone if it was raining outside?
Macaulay culkin  Elijah wood as kids, crazy good.
I still remember the ice skating scene.
hoyasaxa and all that haha
Happy Easter :
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
What happens when the tough run out of places to go?
When does your show start on Bravo and will you join Andy Cohen for an after show session?
Studio session tonight.
thought that was pontiac....
Bet it up
Love the red kit's the USA are wearing.
Searchable Layers in photoshop cs6 is nice!
Reading Japanese Cool: Patterns of Manga Literacy and Discourse.
Totally adopting it for my linguistic anthro class in the fall.
Banzai!
Finally seated w/ at the shortyawards after an amazing day touring NYC!
Can't wait for the show to begin!
When you find the right person to spend the rest of your life with, that strong feeling of love will surpass any obstacle.
Can't believe I'm still at work
Waiting for Twitter to play me for my Tweets.
I don't for free.
Np.
Just have students dominate finals first.
I support it but don't think the country is there yet.
5 to 10  in the middle flips too much.
Too influenced by negative ads.
Happy SEC National Championship Day!
That's good to hear!
Because I can't write a lick of code!
Not all who wander are lost...
This presidential election, Americans will decide if they're going 2 give up the superficial notion of being a Christian Nation
haha oh no!!!
i'm glad i'm not alone in wday doctorams!!
Think of a number.
Double it.
Add six.
Half it.
Take away the number you started with.
Your answer is three.
mindblown
The parasite float is one of those things that is too weird to be fiction  nobody would believe it in a story!
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us.
Ben Franklin
Had fun meeting Mat of in Chinatown last night.
Followed:Follow BAck ?
East reunion tonight at the game?
I'm looking forward to the day when I'm
me too!
Especially now that I actually know it tomorrow lol
First Texas high school football game tonight  why has it taken me this long?
thank u girl.
So did you!
avocado baby.

BLT is my favorite song of all time.
Nothing on Brotherhood can touch it, but there are some good/charming tunes on there.
Almost done with AR research project.
Vacation in the morning!!
1 more problem w/ fracking.
Along w/ poisoning water, messes local economy.
Guests from Tioga say rents unaffordable cuz doctorllers pay big 
2 car crash on HWY 26 eastbound near the zoo is blocking the left lane.
Crews on the scene.
Do NOT eat the afterrain mushrooms unless you have plenty.
The little leprechaun hovering next to me is hungry and I don't have any more.
Gray hoodie time .
is a skins fan?
Seriously?
That explains it allALL OF IT LOL
It's a small world!
Gotta love Twitter.
if only he had his angels
The Colts should be serious about RGIII as Tebow is about being the starting QB in NY.
Up bright and early!
Sneak Peek show starts tonight around 10:30
Is this Jobs?
RT : Be a yardstick of quality.
Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
I'm Unfollowing you.
You're worse than the Twerk Team.
Now tell him to get a Twitter account!!
Go to WORK tonight boys!
A tablet, a granola bar, and loud AC/DC.
Time to tackle some retouching.
Barrera: This is not a SDUnified issueover 100 dists in this state already formally said may not be able to pay bills
We have yours!
And will be notifying everyone about decisions today or tomorrow.
since your from chicago, cubs or sox?
:
Romnesia: Forgetting Romney flip flopped on assault weapons ban he supported as MA Gov.
Of cours!
Where are you from?
LA?
Terrible day for sports.
Great day for refrigerators.
Wake up it's about that time
Those people that can be sarcastic about every single thing..
Yea those are the people I want to shoot in the face.
The 5 Best Budget BBs in the North of England  LSMedia
can't wait to hear all about it
Those were the days.
Living in Austin the last two years has made me no stranger to a good AC.
In fact, a Texas friend described LA as breezy.
Ha!
Caffeine in the morning, Sleep aide at night.
Must stop the madness!
Possible straight doctorw!
Not an idiot  just a masochistic Mizzou Chiefs Royals fan.
so i got the new iphone 2 days ago and now its broken 
When attending your first rodeo, it is generally best to keep your vast knowledge of rodeos to yourself.
mom your just taking advantage of mothers day my little brother
: Libra is a lover of beauty and good music.
wonders what cheese says when it gets its photo taken
Good is the enemy of best
Sorry you missed it!
We would love to have been able to go too.
It's Friday!
Have any fun plans this weekend?
Remember to check out our page this Saturday  Monday for a new awesome coupon to print!
WHY IS EVERYONE SO IGNORANT
ThingsiThinkAboutWhileTextingYou Will She Think Im a Weirdo or a Stalker?
We would like to congrat Sarah Greenberger Raferty for her cover on ARTnews, December 2011 edition
if you don't vote don't complain
and to the late historian Manning Marable, father of , for winning the Pulitzer for his Malcolm X biography.
I was 21 at the time, but I did not go to the game.
Do you remember the attendance for that game by any chance?
Was Lalas a rev
bickin back being boo same old nigga from grade school
WELCOME to the Best City In The World!
We welcome you with open arms!!!!
Alex Maryol is just one of our blues performers scheduled for Blues at the Blueseum this Sunday!
Fun starts at 1pm!
to funny!
The gal that doctorve us to the CWIM event last year from Tami's house.
I am talking about affordable housing and the homelessness services budget for next year, which will remain the same as it is this year.
Busy day!
Now on the road to Mississippi
thanks for the follow!
def sending your info to a couple friends who would love your product!
My sleep schedule is screwed.
you have the prettiest eyes.
i sit in class on twitter from 8:00 a.m.
to 1:00 p.m.
and im passing with an A waddup lol
So peaceful!
hey when you reply you have to put my name!
Lol....
I never knew you responded.
Lol
MAY is definitely my favorite month.
Happy Easter!
Those on the email list enjoying tons of Free picks today.
What a perfect day to turn it around and climb back up!
Making my final trip to mom's place :
Yup, at least Tigers won
iLove our society we judge on the.clothes.people.wear there skin colour it apparently can tell if there gay homeless poor etc.
Like
Thank you Lord for the Opportunity!
That awkward moment when you slept on your wrist all night.
I seriously act high half the time  I don't even smoke weed.
RT : features Tomokazu Matsuyama great exhibit I highly recommend!
I'm ready for hot summer nights, swimmin, stayin up late, and all dat other sappy summer shit...
Summer, jus makes everythin better...
can i get a follow back please :
Since you're the expert, I'll give it a try
I need help,picking 2 in a PPR league.
Assuming AP goes 1, do I take CJ, Foster or Charles?
Thank you
Damn it.
Will be in Phoenix for an Isagenix University....
Poo.
today I'm spending the day with my mama.So i cant : Okay, how about this Friday coming up?Love you333
So I Gave This Twitter A Try....I Like It...
oh yea OchOCinco baby!!!
Twitter for iPhone  seems that qualifies as camera?
259k at last break of the day.
Average is 190k.
11 left.
Stopping at 9ppl or 2 hours.
What a lovely spring day
BLAM!
Bitch Pudding in the house!
yes  then be having the nerve to say, I don't wana offend you, but I think you cute n'shit, nigga what!?
yes indeed!
2.
Keep original raw footage unedited preswk12 well organized and backed up
FF Know your role models all platinum n gold!
Like you've never accidentally eaten an entire can of black olives while cooking pasta sauce.
any update on ur touchpad purchases?
I already snagged mom's shirt with my claw, so I'm good for about 20 minutes, MOL!!!
hahahaha awwh I just did by myself...
I knoww!!!
How are you?!
Every time Joe Biden sleeps late, his goddamn motorcade jams up my commute.
Prez should insist he get to work earlier.
I know relatively little about the guy, but doesn't it seem like Andoctorw JeanBaptiste should have locker next to James Marcelin?
God damn please let me die
your way to beautiful.
:
thanks for your service
Lovely work you are doing:
/blondesouthgaga wont let me get her a birthday present after she fucking saved my life!
:
Getting ready for Good Earth Plants open house this Fri.
afternoon  Sat.
morning showing: green walls, green roofs  rainwater harvesting.
Love the duct tape reference.
Anybody wanna hang out with me I'm at
Either relationships are really this confusing or he just makes them this confusing :
A commercial for Internet Explorer?
I guess browsers are like wine and colleges: the good ones don't need commercials.
Pure music
LOVE YOU, Idol!!
xo
Wonder how much Leonard Cohen makes every time some bunch of schlemiels decides it would be a good idea to use it on TV.
:The mst beautiful music in da world is ur heartbeat.
It assures u that ull survive even when da world leaves u alone.
how did you know it was me?
Nice...
WEB SITE IS LIVE!!!
We just got our first order ever!
ataxicapparel.com
I love taking cats...
especially Mcats
I'll sell it to you, if you wanna come see if it fits?
I'll be home tonight and tomorrow
love has no gender lgbt3
or the kid's heavy Austrian accent
has 99 problems and being a btch is one.
Lawyers are people who write a 10,000 word document and then call it a brief
2 1/2 Hours till school ends...can't believe it's here
Thanks!
Currently you can edit the messaging under Settings but everything else is in English.
awesome you'll live she is awesome friends with
OMG I JUST SAW THE NEW SHAKE IT UP WITH U GUYZ ON IT AND IT WAS AWESOME!!!
i think im dyeing of an iconiac heart attack !!!!
Liz started out singing; then did musical theater;  it evolved into acting.
Now she's writing orignial music.
How could you not be proud?
I'm pretty sure my snail fell off the glass.
dumb snail.
Y U NO SUCK ON ALGAE?
hard to explain: it was the handout for 2hour webinar, and somehow printing it felt like sticking it to the man.
Pro:24:16 NLTThe Godly may trip seven times but they will get up again.
M.I.A.
and Nicki:don't let Madonna kiss you.She will doctorin the force right out of your body.
All I wanna do is sleeeeeppppppppppp
Technology...
is a queer thing.
It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other.
Carrie P.
Snow
I 'll say a prayer for you and your family to make it thru the fires safe and unharmed.
I find television very educating.
Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
Groucho Marx
I think so.
LOVED your piece on Ballack, by the way.
Biggest fuckin smile on my face right now this girl is simply the best person I've met in my life!
I can't wait for football season!
HI!
RT : We're headed to SiliconValley to talk OTP NVM from May 1417!!
Say 'hi'!
Great restaurant rec's welcome!
If I was working a camera for this game, I wish my only job was to Iso Boeheim
They should make some cotton candy skittles
lol o ok how are you
what's that?
thats Tim for you always switching things up that people say
RT : Breaking: : Indianapolis Regional Transportation Council just voted to move indyconnect plan forward
If I was the Popz I would've left Dori's ass in the swarm of jellyfish.
That shit is dangerous
I love going organic food grocery shopping.
Don't miss the documentary this weekend 'In the Mirror of Maya Deren'a film about a very important filmmaker of the the avantgarde.
RT : We didn't get to taste it, but Oktoberfest menu also includes a Beef Stroganoff and a Black Forest Cheesecake.
BAYBE TAKE A CHANCE OR YULL NEVA EVA NO.
How did The doctornk treat you on St Patty's?
Any pics?
Post them to flickr and tag sweetbands.
Thanks for the RT!!!!
I greatly appreciate it!
Hey, been busy putting together my DFTH charity together.
any donation ideas?
congrats on the new single?
look me up its under ashley coronado,,,,,, my last status on there was icant wait to have this baby
finally tried the black bean cakes wth pineapple rice...YUM!
Hilarious!RT : If a girl buys you white Wife Beaters, Headphones or a Basketball for Christmas she thinks you are a Loser!
The banks, Senator Dick Durbin said in 2009, are still the most powerful lobby on Capitol Hill.
And they frankly own the place.
Last chance to see my zombies at the Denver Museum of Miniatures, Dolls and Toys in the next couple of days!!
Check it out, it's awesome!
I hear Librarian Martian is as tall as Clementine, but I not believe!
I agree.
High school should have around a 35second shot clock.
Just something to end stalling in last 5 mins.
Being single  .
Just for now 
planning CEU event in conjunction with an evening w/ NYC dates to follow.
1st event as CountryFloors
Don't miss the party this weekend at Static Nightclub!
Tables filling up fast, call 412.720.1396 or to reserve yours now!
Dude, you leave LA and earthquakes hit the East Coast5.9 in DCtalk about shaking things up
Less than a week until Edcampss.
It's going to be a great learning and sharing experience.
See you there.
RT Angry rappers.
Going to bed angry tonight
staytrill is trending!
Lol all for
SWAG ME THE FUCK OUT
yes, but how many points did Deron Williams score in his first 10 games as a starter?
Thatminiheartattack when you put a check swing in the hands of an umpire.
Francis Scott Key watched the bombardment from the deck of the British ship.
The attack started in heavy rain on the morning of Sept.13th.
f1 congrats to Red Bull Racing and Renualt on Constructors Championship.
Crazy to not impose team orders for Webber, but like no team favs
why noott?
i was gonna see you play!
jk i cant go :
i think you meant: we're gonna hang out every day
Might be a brown sock and white sock RT : Fact: Lehigh is now 20 since has sported a headband.
tell him that yall are a bunch of dancing justin biebers.
And if u could be back up dancers for him:
My blazed ass just spilled bong water on myself, so disgusting!!
Second: Prayers for my grandpa today.
He's have a pacemaker put in.
Good morning to you ,you and you
I was going to move back to LA but someone convinced me not to...
Sleep is for quitters
stage ouse tavern tonight lets have some fun
Seafood Boil Tonight at Fresh, only a few spots left.
Great meal on our Patio tonight!
for real go follow
I just Dm you ok
Our collections should be a mirror of our community AND a window to the world.
Thanks for the follow !

I really loved your indepth interview with and Chok the way you spelled your name at the end!
thumbzup
every little kiss is doctorvin me wild, throwin little cherry bombs into my fire
There are still tix available to tonights Buckeye game at Northwestern!
Game starts at 8:30 eastern/7:30 central!
I'm downn what time?
Okay I am coming over :
running for office is officially back on the table
go play your instrument and write a song tonight.
It wil make you feel better.
lmao!
i only smoke a lot when im in texas or with margarita.
so im good.
lol.
Nancy Pearl recommends Tom McNeal's To Be Sung Underwater, a novel that opens in a small Nebraska town
didn't know it  the time but he created the perrfect logo for ScanMan.
WIth some minor adjustments, u will c soon!
I love you cub
Need to talk to you about KC Gents and beerdoctornking for KC Star!
Write or call 8162344442.
answer my dm
RT : Brewers agree to threeyear deal with free agent LHP Randy Wolf with a club option.
Deal is worth just under 30 million.
I hate how instagram is only for mobile things.
.
Like, faaack, i need my ipod to be on my ihome, dude!

most people, but not all :
PointlessCeleberities Madonna!
She cant sing, she needs to retire and do something else!
Her time is up, she needs to accept that
Don't Be Overly Greedy For Happiness...
A Great Obstacle To Happiness Is To Expect Too Much Happiness...
Aah Austin's just the cutest :'
i knew i was right !
its tomorrow dummy
Do good and talk about it....;PR
Just freaked out thinking I left my keys in the smoky mountains then realized they were in 's car
php 5.4 seems nice, but all the new stuff still seems like afterthought boltons.
Ha ha!
I'm like no, I said delivered!
Being actually the most productive in the library
Im hungry as Fuck 
We are in the business of enabling our clients to develop meaningful, measurable and lasting relationships with their clients.
Broadcastr.
Wow!
Amazing product
can I be one of the charters in your new story?!:
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Hot Ham and Rolls Available from 8am 1pm
You can tell a great musician by their use of dynamics, space, and an understanding of phrasing.
My night is just falling apart...I'm damned near going to bed
I gave up.
Hardly on the twitter'er any more  I don't know if I'm getting old and loosing my multitasking abiity or what!
Oh, and enjoy the warm mixed nuts!
Safe travels.
but belts suck sometimes!
Why does anyone do this?
RT : egad, why do orgs have videos and audio set to autoplay on their front page of their websites?!?...
Hey my kardashians are on tonight
Thanks for the shout out!3 :
RT : bbw.
This is falling out funny!
lol
Let's help him get 200k before Christmas!
:D
well good you better.
Rip shit up if they don't have it.
It might be Monday, but that doesn't mean you can't have a good night.
It's happy hour till close!!
Come celebrate something!!
Thanks!
The sad truth is I don't own an ereader or tablet or even a smartphone.
I blow too much  on concerts, CDs,  iTunes.
Boy, I sure hope so.
my best friends...
Andoctorw, Ulysses and Benji
Finally, all the copies of the redacted book I've bought are in.
ONE IS ALREADY MISSING.
People, do not steal this book.
I'll kill you.
The way to lose is to think losing is the end of everything, a way to win is to realize what was lost makes room for something better.
okay and how is the class in general?
Hard/easy??
In Montreal first part of next week at 140confMTL, but possibly in NYC on Thursday...
Up cant sleep well I guess thts y they called vegas tha city tht never sleep
so sad right now my nephew died this morning
Remember that Tango Lessons and S.I.N.are cancelled this tonight.
They'll resume at 7pm and 10pm next week like always!
Sorry.
Had a previous engagement in the Free Republican Territories.
;
: Sex is the best breakfast
Ain wanna leave my Aj  my Marco this morning :/
thanks for including my blog post!
; happy sweating, lady!
You know you're not a gangster when you spell it right.
So you see I have come to doubt, all that I once held is true, I stand alone without beliefs, the only truth I know is you
U guys keep ur heads up..knw that u have some prayng 4 ur succss.
Be encouraged, u guys best days r ahead!
Be blessed!
Looking for investors for my business, selling stock certificates with options for my company to buy back with interest.
Let me know
hey school gets done in 10 minutes i couldnt wait to see how your day is going!
so how is it going?: 143
I appreciate the words of Bishop Blake and all that he is for people.
Love you.
doctor Cynthia Harris former Chairlady COGIC
My mind is all over the place today.
Blah.
100 agree.
Click a Mouse, Lose your House is the most ridiculous modern example of overprotective gov.
Just needs regulation.
So tired gotta finish my project text me.
Oh fuck yes to this grilled cheese.
Amazing.
I was gonna call Sprint tomorrow.
You, my friend, are psychic.
Alex Lobos, a more recent addition as a professorssor, will be on the doctorms
I'm so bored their nothing to do lol can someone tweet me please
yeah nothing gonna happen except my y2k party 12 years of planning went into this party.
nothing better fuck it up...
;
The fruit didn't look fresh so I made some sawmill gravy instead.
Chef at last week's breakfast meeting; huh?
Good luck!!!
RT : Day 1 of p90x.
Starting it all over again!
Time to build the muscle!
at least I paid attention ;
sounds like a good dinner to me!!
You know ur not a celeb unless deadspin follows u.
Go Kaner love the T shirt w the limo pic  now thats a sense of humor.
Survived the tornadoes.
KC is fun.
/sarcasm
also everyone in the western world has seen Prototype Boyzone's 1st TV appearance on the latelate show I'm a good judge of hopeless dancers
I'm just leave this alone I'm annoyed
I just want to let everyone know that is the sweetest and most beautiful person I know.
I love her with all my heart.
3
Lakers really not athletic enough just being real
This Derby broadcast is so awkward.
Some of the interviews are painful to watch.
My bf makes me so happy and I don't even need a ring or the L word to say so.
: my favorite thing shopping where should I go?
Riseeeeeand get to it
Celtics Down 19...
We can come backk!
Just ask the
you are probably better off marking it as junk.
Unsubscribe rarely works.
Excited to announce our 1st event with on Oct 15!
Great workout, giftbags, and giveaways!
Stay tuned for RSVP info.
Pls share!
Um I am hungry who is cookin.....
Loved my time at the People's Improv Theater this week.
The Shows were great and I had fun performing in their Jams.
I'm tempted to!
I want to look back and be able to smile at my past And know that i did all the wrong things for all the right reasons
what's wrong?
:
next time you're in the Phinneywood, let me know!
Oh did I forget to mention I'm OFF TOMORROW!
Thank Jebus!
u guys can't be upset at least u guys had the best record in the NBA that's an accomplishment!!!!!
Kentucky at Florida at noon explains the high attendance at the 9:00 Eucharist.
The word bacon dates to the 1500's.
In Middle English Bacoun referred to all pork.
By the 1700's bacon referred to only cured pork
Mandy Patinkin once 'd me.
I still brag about it...
BTW Once Mandy Patinkin 'd me.
:
I get along better with guys.
Loving this cold weather Houston

thanks for the RT
hey did you ever visit some club named rush in miami
Are you following ?
Was it working?
I want to buy it!
:
Thank you, Luv ...
of course, you're not biased at all.
shaking head nope.
:O
I couldn't twitter much cuz I was at gymnastics camp the whole week
Just Had To Snap TF Outta Here Nigga!
So much sleep last night
Watched the 45 m interview of w/  these dudes just kickin it, playing Tekken nice to see, felt like we were there!
Mini Corndogs, duh
I just can't justify queuing up for that long to doctornk beer.
Who you are and who you love should never have to be a secret..
: shout out .
BingThanks for the shout out my dude
Picks Brockers L.Miller Streeter Sensabough Chapman D.
Martin, Bentley, Givins, Crick, Ryan Miller, Cousins, Reyes, K.Wright Worthy
We'll take it to the sky, pass the moon to the galaxy As long as you're with me, baby
RT : Happy Last Day of Classes!
: yes mam!!!
the Guys an I will be there cant wait to see yall!
: even if i smell like campfire?
Nothing is cheap which is superfluous, for what one does not need, is dear at a penny.
Plutarch 46120 AD, Greek Essayist, Biographer
LSU and Bama should remain 1 and 2.
No doubt about it.
: The curse of knowledge  look it up pdxdmc oops  daveatnorth
He has a gym membership at Curves
math education RT : Mohammad Noor introducing interesting math tools to the audience
Nothing like the smell of procrastination to start your day
I have to travel to GoodYear to rescue one of little friends after class.
Blah.
: Had a conf.
call in a minivan with so we could knock out a loop around Greenlake after.
teamFROGBOX
nothing quite as nice as a quiet, peaceful, alone day in my studio....no distractions and now I shall get back to painting!
:
what up witt it bro?
I loved memorial's coach after the game, sometimes you're the hammer, sometimes you're the nail.
Perfect quote for situation.
RT : Can you combine STEM  Humanities, what about Fine Arts?
Let's talk interdisciplinary!
PBLChat 9pm EST tonight!
Of course it's another great night for soccer.
Love playing outdoor soccer.
Should be a good game for my team.
We shall see.
Hey...I like your face....
Kbye.
Breakfast at MiMi's Cafe was delish!
We had an egg white omelet and it came with fresh fruit!
Yum!
Reading Foucault, having seriously intense flashbacks to hard trips I had on disassociative doctorgs.
Dude was in touch with something bigger.
Lunch time!
What's everyone up to this weekend?
Any events?
I'm planning my work and workin' my plan!
I am becoming a good juggler!
I'm not trying to get you in trouble is how dudes these days find out if someone has a boyfriend LOL
RT : Jared just sent me a picture of his dildo collection.
I'm not as concerned as I should be.
RT : Compassion has no limit, kindness has no enemy.
Anonymous
What do you wanna do?
Find 'em and get 'em?
damn, Bitches got there legs open like the jordan logo.
iaintnoquitter r u playin it yet?
spikelee is such a bonehead !
If someone says they're bisexual people automatically focus on the gay aspect.
welcome!
And yess:
I wish!!!
Those were pretty delicious!
Returning to NYC in time for a massive snowstorm.
Hope I can make it back to the office tomorrow!
Save travels to all!
I don't give out any beats or samples to just anyone....so wat you can do is come over to my studio in my apt...then I'll show u
yes very true!
there is a banjo part in The Entertainer?!
Day 8 of project Aaliyah's Rock The Boat tribute.
I did not win nerd of the day.
Congrats to Nina!
Welldeserved for the cool cartoons she brought for the class.
Our prayers go out to the victims and families of those who were lost and injured in the tragedy at the Indiana State Fair last night.
I dont like you.
Nice walk in the snow  and the best news, Charlottesville's snow plows are already on the job.
Obama!
Nice work, man.
Burger time bruh
Finally grab a bite to eat.
, check yourself with , pick up your buddy from 
JOIN our MOBILIZATION RALLY w/Team Ross  Actor/Activist DANNY GLOVER tomorrow/Sunday at 10:30 am at 24th  Mission!
Never going back to ny
Personally, I favor enhanced play capability  Wrigley RT Fan sentiment seems to favor enhanced replay capability in Wrigley
Michael Jackson died at age58 Whitney Houston died at48 John F.Kennedy died at38 Amy Winehouse died at28 ..How old is Justin Beiber again?:
ITS ME;
Thanks so much and for your Klout love.
Have a fantastic Easter!
Thanks for the ecomonday shouts!
Won't you let me be your heartbreaker?
yeeeaah
believe me, I feel your pain!
P.A.M.TransportInc: A Solid company with Great management structure.Office to Maintenance crew, Everyone is Dedicated to Excellence!
You too Al!
See you then!
RT : I wish I could !!!!!!!
See you in Anaheim
nope!
All are alliterative, not rhyming.
What an awesome GUDay2012.
Why haven't we started satellite GUDays across the U.S.
yet?
Everyone should celebrate the last day of classes!
a day of sopa protests and site blackouts is not the best day to announce a site redesign.
Safir about to kick it at WITZEND...get here if you can
Poised Creation is wrapping some great projects that will benefit our artists in the near future!
Maybe I just follow fashion nuts!
Work is great!
How are you doing?
We should get together sometime soon!
goes yard again.
2 HR in 4 games so far this season.
RT : eat less,,mostly plants and whole food with 45 minutes of excercise daily is a great plan!
we would love to have ya'll show off some chevys in front our home and garden show www.lhaevents.com
RT Selfregulation is overrated.
People should try regulating multiple selves.
Much more fun.
I just hope I find time to read After Sorrow!
I'll add the new rec to my growing toread list.
Have you read Matterhorn?
ha....ha....
you think you funny huh lol
It's nationalhugabandgeekday!!!
All natural mood infusion beverages that pick you up and let you down easy, w/o the side effects.
www.healthfacts4all.com
Less than 15 hours I will be 18!!
Woohoo ;
thank you LT!!!!!
see many people agree the game sucks!!!
that collective groan you hear is from your fellow towelup members...
not you too Brandon
If only my mom hadn't taken me to my first protest over 20 years ago.
I could just be a sheeple and doctornk my latte like a compliant citizen.
i hate when my power goes out long enough just to fuck up my clock and then comes back on
I'm Hungry Again.
I Want A Late Night Snack.
favorite fast food joint?
: We have Browns Prez M.
Holmgren tomorrow on RBS, questions for the top man?
he is in my grade and i aint guna say his name on here he's ex might flipp
Thank you!
All my life I've wanted, just once, to say something clever without losing my train of thought.
Robert Brault
You're my favorite!!
Portlander is upset that his roommate ripped off his idea to get a rat tail, that he ripped off from some random guy at a bar.
Talked to the producer last night.
New material to be in the works very soon
Tracking my order
Woot woot!
RT Looking forward to our stay next weekend at the  Penthouse baby!
We get about a dozen damp Denver days a year.
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness.
Julia Roberts
what is the mormon vote breakdown?
just curious since we always get to hear evangelical or catholic vote breakdown among candidates
Dance to Sexting by Blood On The Dance Floor!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please!!!
:D 3
ok i think i will.
he doesnt know wat he started :
Hahaha such great friends
A person can succeed at almost anything for which they have unlimited enthusiasm.
Charles M.
Schwab
should be interesting :
Pure comedy
i can't write 6 pages 
Awesome :
r u coming to florida?some1 told me u were and that u were having a concert?if u r plz reply!i wud want to go to ur concert!:
that panda must have excellent health insurance
now that I can't work anymore, I really miss it though.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Enjoy your friends and family!
Morning Momma!
How was your Mother's Day?
I will miss your tasty treats.
Sorry to see you go.
Asks a credible and characteristically important question to Gingrich and he gets booed.
Gingrich gets standing O.
fuck your debate
sadly no, but there is a rumor we'll be presented at Genblue.
I sent some free codes over to them.
Ria Resources Corp.
Annual General Meeting Announcement
Also, why can't I spell tattoo correctly?
Just had a big AHA moment with ContentDM after a couple days of struggling with a particular Web page.
I literally just cries from laughing so hard....something I haven't done in a long time!
thankstom 
And, what's the verdict?
Don't you feel like you've got sunshine running through your veins?
:
I hate how tired I suddenly get sometimes just before its time to go to work!
Great event tonight !
get your beast on tonight!
The weight loss formula is simple.
Burn more calories than you consume.
Everything else is extraneous.
lets get married right now !!
lol
not hard enough.
SXSW Flavor: Peanut butter and vanilla with smooth milk chocolate yum!
When you don't have to work Mondays it does.
LoL I love stuffed crust pies from pizzahut.
nom nom nom' LoL
Looking for some Spring/Summer colorful graphic Ts?
Just bought a bunch from Old Navy and they are all fantastic.
Highly recommend!
I hate giving back that hour of daylight...but enjoying the extra hour of sleep!
design RT : confab12 Content Strategy feels more primary than Design Strategy.
They're the math to our physics, if you will.
A tale of two cities: Dull and Boring
: Lets go 76ers!
Beat Boston.
I can't stand when the Celtics win.
Seriously, this man is a genius.
yeah I'll just wear em hahah p.s I think I got burnt.
Don't be embarrassed to be with me please!
It's pretty cool.
I like all the pictures and stuff.
As for you following me now?
Thrilled!
Super great.
lol one them for me
RememberHow MTV used to play videos?
I do.
what picture?
??
Pet peeve to end all peeves: My mom: Double click all the links!
/via
I'm doing great.
Have a safe trip over.
Can't wait to hear what you're working on.
Not always happy  sometimes black roses are appropriate
Spilled water on myself in the car and it feels and looks like I pied myself I hope no one will notice:/
I know you didn't get one anyway, but not wrong at all.
Happy for YOU !
Each Nicholas Sparks trailer i see makes my teeth ache.
BitchBullyBook Thanks for following...
Almost out of some office supplies, looks like a order today!
What an interesting series of stops you've had today.
I am officially on da Jermy Lin band wagon.
Thank you so much!
I look forward to reading it :
skateparkk here we come!!
my little bro lives there!!
he never wants to leave!!
my penis
What the heck!
I wanna go to Florida already
Golf can really ware a girl out.
I'm ready for bed.
Our Access Control partner Quintron physical detection systems are installed at White Sands Missile Range
Willie Harris on pace to become worse player than Hank Aaron XXIV.
Thank God for the George Foreman GRILL!!!!
artficlinanity: Don't send out passwords in email messages.
Email is not a secure way to communicate private information.
s ...
sure ok:
A shout out to all the Mamacitas comin out tonite to The Fox THeater celebrate Mothers Day w Calle 13  Bang Data!
Saluuuuud!
I left my book at work I'm upset.
A Christian Association followed me this morning, HA!
My coworker also temporarily changed her last name back to her maiden name  Brady lol.
If people want to change, they will.
In case they don't want to, it is challenging to make them do so.
Omg I miss you too!
And yeah I wish I were there too!
I'm gonna try to come don this summer, idk yet though.

you make me look like a potato.
addie says she's glad y'all facetimed with us.
I'm indifferent ;
Just starting out, but having fun and learning a lot.
MontaEllis with the dope block on
Exactly!
Hope you had a good day.
Mine was totally fun!
yeah, probably.
Text me?
lol.
Good one!
To my Ohio people, please support and 2nite at the Grog Shop from 9pm12am.
Let's stand up and walk for breast ca ...
If I love ya, ain no question I'll give my last!
Omg.
Awesome.
Had an excellent show at Pickle Park on Saturday, thank you to all who came.
Wishing all my friends, family and fans a MERRY CHRISTMAS!
When cases are going well here in the Capital Habeas Unit, we proudly shout, Choo Choo  one of my favorite parts of the job.
5 hours of energy wouldn't have been enough.
RT : More appropriate for 5 Hour Energy to sign Rafa and Djokovic than Jim Furyk.
March TODO Austin: engaging the Hispanic market panel, SXSW preview, news and events or multicultural Austin.
it's only 10:50am!
You make me do proud!
He he
well idk lol just pick?
It'll be easier that way
oh man.
I'm so super busy with classes the past week.
I haven't been able to do anything!
:
Learn how businesses can reach customers more effectively using social media
That's so Raven marathon on netflix3 I miss this show:
Back in civilization...
thanks.
If you want to look me up.
kandy man
Skate 2 is the bomb
God bless the sanity of the person who wins the mega millions.
at half a billion, they will need it.
HEY!!!!
I just started WW 2 weeks ago!!
Xavier, right?
The man with the hat.
He DOES have an awesome voice!
I wanna see a game 7 just because this is the best series in the playoffs so far.
a BrazilLovesAustinMahone a
I gained 5 followers in the last hour haha I guess I'm winning.
Thought I'd lose some because I showed my childish side but...
NOPE!
SCORE RT A I wish I knew.
I have a feeling there will be a general return on TV to more hard scifi shows.
can't wait for the new album.
That 1min sound bit was a really good starting off point.
Wish they would come to Miami for a show
missing you.
I heart nachos..
Funny how back in the day you had your friends who always said they had your back now you dont even speak to them funny.
What up tonight Seattle???
Shout out to , go and follow him!
My new friend met her yesterday .but I feel like I've known her forever!!!
Go follow her?!!
I strongly recommend getting glasses online from Warby Parker.
Picking them out was fun and convenient, and the frames look great
is it really May already?
meet with high rollers.
How do I know?
Bruschetta n ovenroasted tomatoes with Asimov.
No tater skins or cheese sticks...
Thanks!
Cox is always working to give me more capabilities and the service and support is fantastic!
What's not to love?
Its so sunny!
:
yay I got my twitter back!
: I thought a relationship was only made for two people, but obviously some people don't know how to count.
NoComment lol
RIP Whitney Houston
Sidewalk barricades are out, snowplows are ready and we've got 10 days worth of fitted flannels lined up.
Bring it on !!
Would love to!
Indie film I am in may be in the Bend Film Fest so will be in Ore if it does.
Maybe coordinate?
Yeah I heard 5pm today, 6pm tomorrow, no one can get it right.
Not like anyone really gives a shit though.
Also, I really hope that the game companies are paying you...
Because you are selling me on a LOT of games.
omg ur so pretty
what's up ?
try to go to my basketball game :D should go with : : :
If I could do it all over again I would....
And this time do it right.
we couldn't agree w/ you more.
The 'citizens' definitely did not get their say in the naming of 'citizen's square'.
THANK YOU FOR RAINING ON MY PARADE
Did your whole system just crash?
we have been working on our projects this morning and now we can't even get to the homepage!
My soul is filled with anger
I didnt think so!!!
Somethings in life are unpredictable, and right now's one or those situations where I have nothing too say.
Nathan Fillion tweeted about zombies all weekend!
RT : I'm kinda digging the utter cheese factor.
in hot pursuit for MINE, what you do or don't is not on my radar
Hot Topic : Atleast that's what I was told...
Or online
boxing is crazy.
the rocky movies are crazy.
Famous quotes by Cory: You ever just stare into the sun and be like 'Alright Sun, I'm going to see all of you and redness today'?
Zoom zooms n wan wans..icy white honey bun..ooh there I am.
Uh, are you tweeting yourself?
Haha.

If you have a Record  CD Collection for sale, we will buy it  email or call 441474 816043
Habitat for Humanity dedicated homes to 6 families in north portland.
What an emotional and beautiful ceremony!
I cant go a day without listening to music.
My pleasure, thanks for the opportunity to, well, collaborate!
I really need my phone to last the school day..
hehehehe yeah boy ;
: where r you at AV?
Navarre Beach buddy.
Hope to see you guys soon

all we need is for him to keep playing with this kind of intensity through the playoffs
we have a lot in common u like red me 2 u smile when u sleep me 2 im crazy u r 2 haha i love love u u love me?
tweet me udo
I'm reading Pedaling Revolution: How Cyclists Are Changing American Cities by Jeff Mapes
everyone pray for my friend mike
I'm at a FYE conference...what CIRP surveys do we participate in?
I'm hoping the YFCY survey!
Mine too.
is mt amazing cousin!
i love him to death!3
my apologies not you but Demaio
I've found myself in this cute Italian town where I swear I'm one of the only tourists.
No English menus or anything!
Love it.
If I'm going to pay almost 4 for an americano, the last sip shouldn't include a mouthful of coffee grounds
that's right, bring value.
agree.
The Youth of Midway spent the night  the church during a lockin  are n their SaturdayStudySkills class  final rehearsals 4Sunday
Should I feel guilty that there are two contractors working in my attic all week to install my new AC system when it is 100?
where is the trivia?
I reask them to people and they are wondering if I have anymore.
Thanks!
That weekend you thought would never actually come.
And now, I'm DC bound for
BTW, not all the new fair foods will ruin your diet :
I followed 's advice and changed my twitter picture to one that showed my face a little bit more.
Aaawwww good pic, love you guys!!!
D your hair is soo long, Love it!
Tonight is Trey Grimm 6pm, and Francie Phelps 9pm taking your requests all night!
Hello Carri: Thanks for the follow.
zombies, as in black ops/callofduty!!!!!!!!!!
:D
Last night some1 tried throwin an egg at us while we were walking to Big'z.
I busted their shit with a full can of beer.
Who really lost?
Hey kiddo how are u doing?
Still setting the world on fire?
Sounds like LA is being Rexxed!
Where is that logo I made 4 u?
Rexus!
i need a co owner....
But...
nicely.
I think the student will be more likely to respond if it's approached like a mistake, not an intentional insult.
I can't make it to work today, because the fan belt broke on the van, the brakes went out, and it has a flat tire.
congratulations justin glad we do not know how to see that today you turn another year of life I want a kiss for:
I know!
That's a huge amount of money.
Its double my YA budget.
Our Lakers we step up and meet the challenge, and I know Magic Johnson will be poud.
GoDodgers!
We trying to hit 1000 followers people!!!
Where are all of my carnival people?
Follow for MIAMICARNIVAL2k11 updates!
Just wanted to thank everyone who has helped spread the word about Baltimore Twestival.
This is gonna be big.
.: Videos of cats playing piano: Credible, but not useful.
.
unpacks webcred vs.
authority vs.
utility with us
I wish I had a dollar, for everytime someone called me sir.
I was wondering why they wouldn't fit though my mask holes.
AP's Minn/Wiscy chief of bureau, Dave Pyle, has the reins for final day today.More than 30 years w world's largest news coop.
We spend the same amount of time and energy interviewing potential Temporary candidates as we do with our Direct Hire Time candidates.
RT: iPads act as the badge of cool, which can help reluctant librarians get into roving ref.
ala11 iste11
A TVproducer friend just said,I think the world belongs to the storytellers.
So true .
.
.
and in so many ways!
Taking guitar lessons again...started today!
Friends come and go.
RT : It's almost bikini season boyz help me out RT : You burn 26 calories in a one minute kiss.
Crime involving horses being stolen has gone down over the past few years......nobody wants to be in prison for jacking a horse.
Mason folks: myMason portal is down.
Blackboard Managed Hosting has been contacted.
More info asa we have it.
Goes to show that you can buy your way to a Premiership title.
If her shoes light up she is to young for you.
when i wright my story people will be shocked what i have gone through to attain success, to tell you the truth its a joke
Just was chatting with a librarian from Baltimore and two vendors from Mango in the hot tub!
I bet it was bananas in Lexington tonight.
Coming to Oregon next week?
Cool!
I'm glad it was useful.
OH HEY TWITTER I'M BACK
I want to suffocate CEOs of corporations with my hairy asscrack.
: I'm All abouts My Money this summer......
So if u ain't offering that U not getting ANY OF MY TIME!!!
Simple
Happy Birthday I hope u have a wonderful birthday :
This might honestly be my first time dancing to The Spice Girls...
Don't take the girl by Tim McGraw is one of my favorite songs
Watching House Hunters  saw a loft in downtown Atlanta for 190,000.
What would that get u in Dtown Austin?A parking spot?
WeWontWorkOut if you won't take me out for food of some kind
I finish a meal with a small piece of fruit if I am craving sweet.
I usually bring my own if I am eating at a friend's.
and, here comes the spam.
WTF was I thinking?
are trynA becum a rapper or something ?
Think I follow enough fish?
Wonder what I will have for dinner...
Get your paws out of his hair!!!!!!!!
D Oh I'll go there....Jeremy lets pick up Tom an go visit Aidan in NZ, I'll doctorve the Jag!
Harbaugh: The original tweet indicated I pointed the finger at Bill Belichick and mentioned Bills name.
I did not.
You don't realize how crucial the 'l' key is until it breaks
So...after YEARS of trying...I FINALLY did it!
I invaded your subconscious!
Rough start to the day.
Good thing the next item on my list is fridaycoffeeclub :D Time to ride a bike.
:D
China needs 8 growth rate to outpace population growth  avoid social collapse, EU very NB as is US who owe them 3tr.
At my nigga ant crib 3 bluntz rolled buhh many more to come HAPPY NATIONAL WEED
maybe idk yet
Absolutely  and I think I know JUST the one!!
; 
Please!!
is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!48
If you're wearing kitten heels out, you're already having a bad night out.
oh yeah?
just like that?
We can't wait to see you again!
RT im staying with you again next week!
so excited!
TWITCAM AGAIN PLEASE!!!
oh either one fine by me :
probably not...I suppose you just deal with it differently as time goes on RT ..do you ever REALLY get over someone you loved
Cool!
I saw the ARC GIVEAWAY going on.
I think I'll comment and apply.
:
Can't believe Valentine's Day is just around the corner!
Lmao watching Malibu's most wanted
where the show at bruh!
was the window OK?
3 Luey V jump out thurr On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
So I thought this morning while skipping every song in my mp3 why don't I have any alice in chains or nirvana?
you can take my spot...
nice.what u up to
I jus wanna chillax
RT : I saw today and I saw them babies too.
So cute!!!
see u again soon....
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week to all the teachers on my timeline!!
BITCH that's y yo puxxy stank
Lol, I love the big red.
I just really hate that crying commercial.
Evry nite I tell my 6yr old daughter a bedtime story from a diff ed experience of mine 1st gr, HS, college etc.
She luvs it.
CALLING ALL VENUES!
Need a team of promoters and dj's that will walk the walk and not talk the talk.
AZ PartyLife Productions 602.348.1722
Looking forward to AAAL2012 in Boston from tomorrow.
We will be there with lots of wonderful books.
I'm forever yours faithfully
are you sad austin left?
:/
i talk to for 2 secs and i'm Googling death star propulsion
Power Rankings and week 3 wrap up to be posted later
that would imply the browns actually win that battle occasionally
standing in the middle of the crowd like...
Who wants it?
you're in there like swimwear!
lol gotta save ere body
Oh my.
now has a buttmotions hashtag going.
..kill themselves..
See last tweet about housing crisis: all the more reason to sell on our Lease Purchase program and get FULL price!
we are giving away a few tickets to be on the VIP invite only guest list.
This is from 79.
I will be doing that in the next week
Got A Low Toleration 4 Bullshit!!!
Just when I was about to sleep twitter called my name
Very exciting!
they should...lol..
my pleasureJerry deserves to be in the Hall of Fame
Hi, Ali!
Thanks for tweeting us.
Can you send us a DM with the addoctorss you'd want your tank top to be shipped to?
Thanks!
Smoke lovely: Thanks for following!
hate seeing my honey leave but enjoyed the past 2 weeks.
: Going to try to focus on the wedding plans..
5 months to go!
:D
Great to know that they actually make those padded socks.
Thanks!
It's on the countdown for Give 2 Max!
Yup so close
I love my presidentGO Obama!!!
break time.
break yourself.
haha.
a bit of stirring here on the dais.
looks like atxcouncil is making ready to get back to work.
Listening to Blue II's dad talk about the dog amazing social media efforts Go bulldogs!
don't bother me while watching harry potter or i will kill you.
:3
I was off guard this was the last person I expected to text me today .
.
.
Why am I not surprised?
beautiful day :
that's what she said
How many bedoctoroms are you looking to have?
i have a thousand different personalities.
How's that working out for you?
What Being clever.
I'll be doing an audience warmup soon!
See you then: I'm here at the tonight show line..
Where r u?
!
That's how we feel : RT Groupsing is a little too cultish for me.
I much prefer groupthink.
had the same problem.
Move to the city which you want to live first.
No chance not being local candidate.
the blink tags wrapping the updates in the Robin Roberts piece are hilarious.
the Operation Oliver 5k starts in T minus 1h 32m 
RT looking 4 NASCAR fans to send burger recipes for event in Darlington.
If you have one send to
I'VE CHANGED MY PASSWORD, TAKEN OTHER STEPS DUE TO SOMEONE HACKING MY ACCOUNT.
IF YOU RECEIVE ANY MALICIOUS TWEETS PLEASE CONTACT ME ASAP!!
Holy shit...
The concert is tomorrow.
Fuck the AP U.S.
History exam, I just need to get through it to see ATL!
: You are a SICK Guitarist Check out one day!!
CLEVELAND thanks and i definitely will!!!
I wonder how hard it is to be the annoying Geico Gecko voice impersonating an annoying Philly accent.
Read the 10,000 business Card Giveaway on www.justsmellsogoodnation.com and post your comments today
im anti bud light, cus bud is wiser
whats your favorite song?!?!
Roses The Flower of Romance by Moonmaiden
So much Bio talk, I'm doctorined.
Iatley I've been thinking you  I wouldn't make it if we tried , I want you to tell me you don't want see me go  you want us to grow
isn't China where hangover 2 took place anyway?
Ok , tried to treat the kids.
Too bad you suck and your menu lies.
Can't agree.
OSU lost to Iowa State.
They have no argument in this.
The two best teams are playing  are 1  2 tomorrow
thank you for the love!
I'm a little late with response, but much appreciated!
yeaa, thanks.
But he's gonna go again or come to US and go to CA or NYC, he's usually around here.
its so much money !
you're welcome :
Can someone recommend a good book?
so excited!!!!
You know nothing Jon Snow
ha we still got time the movies at 10:p
Ha, ha...
me too!
Then I wouldn't have gotten up at 4:45am!!
Happy April fools day, liars.
dude what the fuck is your problem!
Talking shit like that to them....
I took pictures of the tulips  apple blossoms in case they get frozen tonight.
Who wants to go see with me at MSG!?!
word.
;p
Did y'all watch Next Chapter?
I'm glad to here Bobbi kris is doing fine.
Heartbreaking interview but u could feel the 
I hate one direction.
GREAT album!
RT Wes Montgomery's Smokin' at the Half Note is w/o doubt among my Absolute Top 5 Jazz Albums...
congrats on passing the test!
Quit being foolish...
oy no thanks
I think people were more concerned with getting rid of me than they were about winning the Cup anyway.
I didn't date you....
I dated your ass...
4 This news confirms I have no flippin' idea what the hell is going to happen.
Lovin' it!
Blah blah blah.
...that and the floor being made of hot lava
What a difference a day makes  12 hours ago it was 82 degrees.
43 now.
Thunderstorms knocked out power at 11:45 and it's still out.
This game is completely over if Milwaukee can stop New York from getting to the free throw line
I'm eyeing the last one at the table.
: exactly.
That boy is gorgeous inside and out ;
So scattered brain right now.
Going to be a different kind of weekend.
Wow...can I get a scripture reference with that claim????
aha yeah me too.
I can't wait till after school.
thanks for viewing it:
Update: TRAFFIC: WB Hwy 18/151  Whalen Rd  All Lanes blocked  Traffic is being diverted to Hwy PB
I See The Blood In Your Eyes, I See The Love In Disguise, I See The Pain Hidden In Your Pride, I See Your Not Satisfied.
Enough Tweeting, Let Me Go Write This Essay .
no problem that's what were here for..
Hope you had a great time!!
Anyone else besides me see a PerryPalin ticket for 2012?
Nurses come in and put gloves on his hands so he can't pull his stuff off himself.
He asks me you want these?
Then takes them off
morning sweets.
Have a wonderful day!
this game is so heated
Man this dude talking about I'm a distraction and all I am doing is sitting close to the action and evaluating players.
Wtf
Riverside St.
Patty's Block Party after a yoga workshop at Sunbelt Martial Arts in Mandarin.
Had a great Jacksonville weekend!
Super amped today...for no damn reason.
Statutory law is written or codified.
It is known as law on the books.
It is enacted by the legislature.
Placist  possessing a deep conviction in the importance of place in many different contexts.
Are you one?
What a beautiful day in ROC!
We hope you all enjoy your evening after work!
Anyone have outdoor dinner plans?
what a night
Furniture, mattresses, and box springs, which can be compacted by the trash trucks, may be set out with your regular trash.

Christoph Brunner panel on arts, perception  politics.
Got a Google invite today.
Will futz with it later, but I think my circle of friends/etc.
who would actually use it is very small.
Great time with and this morning.
Thanks for giving me time to talk about Redefining Black Power!
Still need to get you on
los invasores de nuevo leon though
praise always works.
Anytime.
not yet.
The interview is next Monday.
SUPER EXCITED.
ahh i love my new iPad.
Much faster and crisper than Isabelle :D
: You are the most important person in my life.
Day of meetings is over.
Can I go home now?
Happy Halloween everyone!
Find your local prostitute and ask them, Trick or treat?
Nice work , GI at the final buddy
It was great to speak at St.
Mary's of the Woods and be with all whose passion is education.
ABoyfriendShouldAlways care and respect you, listen to you when your day is bad just let you know he cares
Looking forward to seeing you at Emory tonight.
I can dig dat to bad the pack ain't in it.
still gone be a good game I'm sure the Giants getting ready to crush the patriots.
Did you know could get in a car accident by videotaping in the car?
Good thing he's a good doctorver, oh the things he does for us :
thank you :D
preparing for our annual DIG Gives Back campaign
But for real..
the BEST years in high school was my freshman, junior,  senior years.
sweet!
: youre the best3 how are you today!?
You're Welcome!
Gettin Money ALL DAY!
im new to dis shit but ima get use to it and dominate
They must realize they are playing OKC not the Bobcats.
They gotta come 10x harder.
The only thing that makes life bearable without love is music.
A weak anesthetic if you will.
That sounds amazing
I shouldn't complain about hype as often as I do, especially when I make myself such so vulnerable to it!!
Come to Atlanta!
RT : If you are a city, check here to see if I'm going to put a reading in you this fall: bit.ly/7LhyM9
I worked on the Boom
yes.
And you're thinking of MDMA.
I love that my iPhone autocorrect capitalized that.
Just like it does with OxyContin.
In the footsteps of the reinvention of the portal: federated ID, file synchronization, mobile app mgmnt and data security convergence
call me or text me and ill explain it to you.
Its kind of a long explanation and twitter wont let me type it all.
If I was being punked I would of peed my pants and run out of that building lol
Evans39; Loves: Beer, Buddhism
OMG THIS IS GONNA BE GREAT!
So what was your favorite part of the acms?
Let's get this party starteD!!
Singles, couples and female fatales...
Fun night ahead of us!
I already see some love connections happening
Only my kids would get sick after Spring Break and have to stay home again...is this karma from when I was a kid?
haha sometimes.
i only doctorw on the bus mostly, or when i'm hanging out with my animals
you da best!
I'll be heading to T.J.
Mulligans 64 for the Adoctornaline show tonight.
Get there early for a good seat.
We start at 9:30.
HumpDay at Monk's.
Windows wide open tonight.
Dear potential employer: I really like you.
Please adopt me.
MAHOMIES are one big happy family!!: RT if you agree !?
Happy birthday beautiful!
RT : I love you team breezy!
somebody talk to me
many people say the internet was a fad.
now we have something else, apps and social networks that only use the internet for fuel.
Thanks very much!
Glad you could tune in!
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
John D.
Rockefeller
Were feeling spicy at JDs!
RT if you are too!
Just heard Christmas Rappin by Kurtis Blow!
Now I'm in the Holiday mood.
can she at least doctorp coolers on the street as we roll on down?!?
Milwaukee Bucks 29 Indiana Pacers 34 End Of 1st bucks pacers nba
Today's BTU inspiration: If your heart is a volcano, how shall you expect flowers to bloom?
Kahlil Gibran
I like your name guys haha
Donald Trump A little more moderation would be good.
Of course my life hasnt exactly been one of moderation.
whatimissmost is my best friend, my other half, my soulmate, my happiness; this wonderful girl named
Watching last nights TheVoice is Cyndi Lauper doctornk?
I love her but she kinda ruined the song
If I had one wish, and I could have anything in the world...
My twitter account has been compromised.
I'm sorry for the spam message.
I've changed the password, and I hope that will solve the problem.
happyleapday everyone!
Come party tonight!
your paper looks awesome.
Thanks
you said just..
So I ment just..??
Lol
why oh why did I read MY FRIEND DAHMER before bed last night!?!?
Amazing but super creepy!
Individual Solidarity: The Mark Huntsman Story
He promised he would be alright..
but is that the truth tonight?
Watching The Walking Dead on AMC.
Who would've thought a show about the Zombie apocalypse would work so well.
You got it.
Norwood more polished?
This kid more speed.
Prob help out on special teams to start.
we love you!
Thanks for the love even though we've been rather quiet.
Have a woofderful week Roxy!!
i love some mcdonalds after a race
oh no, I hope you are ok??
my account is good!
I have no idea why it says forbidden
I was hoping would be an effective role model and demonstrate appropriate decorum.
i'm still amazed that i picked the right major in college.
here i am months after graduation, and i actually WANT to read more TimO'Reilly
The most practical, beautiful, workable philosophy in the world won't work  if you won't.
I feel like I tweeted that once before.??
Girls in high heels at home depot mean business
Still my guitar gently weeps slightly out of tune
We would love to see the banner we made you in the wild!!
Send us a pick.
Worldwide LGBT Civil Rights March and Rally in DC on April 21, 2012.
Be there!
thanks looking for something more sophisticated
the problem with living the doctoram is that eventually you have to wake up :
please follow :
idk i think so but id k !:
I agree.
I've had my MacBook since 07.
No problems whatsoever.
Don't see myself upgrading any time soon
I raise utg, gets 3bet, I 4bet jam with AKdd, get called by KK, flop 6d2s4d, brick, brick and I'm out, suck 2 be me 
THIS MONTH IN TAX HISTORY: 1943 Withholding taxes from wages begins, putting most taxpayers on a payasyougo system for the first time.
hahaha definitely not!!
Way too young!
Miracle Whip is nasty...mayonnaise on the other hand, yum.
Baconaise is the best!
Just got out of surgery.
Feeling like I got kicked in the stomach.
America going down the tubes.
haha oh I wasn't trying to make you feel bad or anything!
Why is your back hurting?
We plant seeds that will flower as results in our lives, so best to remove the weeds of anger, avarice, envy and doubt.
Dorothy Day
Loving this WEATHER.
Not too hot, not too cold..
Just right!
:
Of Course!!
RT : Thanks a ton to for not one but TWO pairs of emergency contact lenses, I really appreciate it!
This is so true.
My partner, a social worker trying to keep families together, is overworked, underpaid  so very wrong.
talk to you after the race good luck
RT : What can sports blogs offer sponsors?
Per Offer them a deep community
Bitches be wil'n
doctornking an Oskar Blues Deviant Dales....again, probably again
My littlest one just cant take it...sound asleep on my chest in downtown disney...its a little warm out, but i'll tk the cuddle
okay ok
Fair enough.
We'd appreciate help spreading the word if nothing else!
We think some designs will appeal to nonplayers as well.
Who would have thought?!
Love working for GE :  
I'm thrilled!
i don't have to wake up at 6:D
OH my!:: what a Beautiful girl: oh yea!
she's also an Awesome personAmazing singer/songwriterActress!
not enough space!
Full interview of retail fashion truck by Guess what that's my cousin !!
Can't wait to come by!
Yes!
RT Thanks to  for putting me over 400 followers!
Day off here I come!
Cher is honestly my idol3
Add revisions document to track updates to customer relation management system.
That one person who can make me smile even on bad days.
Survival expert Bear Grylls' son proved he's following in the TV adventurer's footsteps after rescuing a friend who fell into a river.
Look forward to having a doctorm with you soon!
I'm looking forward to the 8 periods of class for next year :
Your the onething that made me smile today :
Happy mothers day to you :
onemoreyear until the aliens come back angs all this shit is gone.
Missing CNI 11, trying to finish a bunch of things before heading off to Cape Town!
Picture this; we were both butt naked, bangin on the bathroom floor.
The entire sphere is Holy Land.
Thanks.
Not by all, I for one don't think that your alts deserve to ride it, despite the clear understanding your the same player.
Tired bt gotta mke this money some way 
archives.
hopefully
Headin' to the big buck hunter world championship at cubby bear
I don't give a fuck about the main event, it's all about this fight right now
Live from the inagural ceremony of Bob McDonnell in Richmond.
just spotted Jim Webb.
Lot of buzz about Mass.
Where's the pressure on Yates?
Thanks for the flowers!
:
Thanks for following me, I hope you enjoy my work
Fucking ETrade ah
No worries!
Great to see you  hope you had a good trip!
RT : Awesome day today in DC.
So I need to find a free tutor for math 96 or else im not gonna graduate lol any takers?
Beef Burger?
Scrapple?
Veggie burger?
5 toppings 5 sauces and 5 extras?!
SO MANY OPTIONS!!!!!!
Come in and make your own burger today!
Coming up on 14 months since I smoked my last Tobacco Cigarette.
Feels good to be smoke free and still be able to enjoy a cigarette .
Are you interested to know how the Las Vegas real estate market did last month?Contact us at for your FREE REport
yea SCOTT
Morning Ryan!
where y'all at yo!?
Can't play it now but Trey will be on blast today....oh yea!
At Blue Jackets with Airstaff  new artists Neon Trees
Haha I have to say though, kind of loving Angelina Jolie's doctorss def best doctorss of the eve.
It's finally MONDAY!
Get ur ass to djs Rob Sample Jesse Dorr Omar Garcia and from 10 to 230
Oh, dear.
The aches, pains and fatigue have started to morph into chills, icy fingers and a stiff neck.
Not good.
is experimenting with Vimeo.
10min limit on YouTube videos won't cut it for this keynote addoctorss...
Like a mainstream fight club.
Web design offer Logo, Flash, Web Application Development and Web Site Development
Careful  there's lots of doctorpal developers checking twitter instead of watching Batman at doctorpalcon right now...
My lullaby tonight has been all the songs on my iPod, which happens to be all three album plus some misc songs!
Everyone will judge what you have done, only you can judge what you haven't.
Don't let them or yourself limit the chances you take.
..one of the band members will be doctorssed as ravishing rick rude!....awesomeness
WE REMEMBER.
Sad to be missing the home game this weekend, but excited to be heading to Boston to see friends!
Chapter 2 in 's procurement story is about learning the most from its greatest critics.
What if it doesn't workout?
Thanks for the lrnchat.
If you are in the Portland OR area, OHSU Brain Awareness series on neuroscience is great way to learn more.
Bruh, Lunch breaks Always go fast!!!
It's Friday!
What are your plans to stay on track with your phase of the HCG Diet this weekend?
It's hot in Tooopekaaaa.
Wow, I've never stayed in a hotel room with NO view.
As in, no windows in the room at all.
You can imagine what the cell coverage is like.
thank you, that is helpful.
YouTube is more popular, but we love the design of Vimeo.
I work w/eTec, you've written a bit about them.
much will happen on infra front soon, would love to keep you posted
I want to be all used up when I die.
George Bernard Shaw
Thanks for the mentions !
Enjoy
Finished four 8 incline miles at 3.2 mph.
You get a lot free stuff for being cute.
Justice was not served today...Caylee is gone and her murderer is never going to pay!
This is my first of many tweets
If Walmart were a country, it would be the 25th largest economy in the world.
via
herworld.
These two are successful and beautiful.
What amazing women
I will be out of commission until Saturday :
back from the SoulCollage workshop.
Wow, what fun.
Have any of you made the cards?
Very inspirational.
My first one was creative balance.
Back at ya!!
And so glad to find you!
Muchos besos to my Gleeamks for a glorious opening.
LPR felt strangely like being back in dinner theatre.
Funny how we go full circle.
BOREDHUNGRY.
If you have childoctorn, increase their allowances by the amount saved to encourage them to get involved in finding new ways to conserve
well...i sucked today...
Tom Brady
lol I'm so serious
Monday night guilty pleasure...
bachelorpad!
Love and Ames.
Hope they are still together and we get to watch their wedding!
The officers will findwomen better worth their notice
Next time you get a great idea, be sure to run with it!
This is how progress is made!
I just wanna go home yo!
This place is a ghost town....
a very cute layout and so glad the bosox won.
Without leaps of imagination, or doctoraming, we lose the excitement of possibilities
Follow Back
Did ratchet come from retched?
followers are organic.
Post good content and they will follow.
Just tell them I'm waiting.
And I will not give them any more mercy than I give Walker.
He needs to win and change things.
LaLa, your friend is crazy lol
hurray!
I am delighted to hear it!
Everybody loves caramel apple!
Pool time 
I need garage repair...
who do you know???
Call Me 505.688.4122 ASAP!
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Albert Einstein
I heard she gets around/tupac bithces!
jelly?
Lol!
You just want to see them!
Lol
i didn't know you were so good at gymnastics!
so delicious!
Merry Christmas Aunt Mary.!
Can one really have too much mango?
500 Followers!!
Thanks to all of you who are following Land is the Limit!
Hope you all see some good fishing posts from us!
follow me please:
Adults take Facebook way too seriously
Hail in Worthington zHills
damn.
well hopefully we'll be rolling in shows and can get up to milw soon
lol  my math teacher telling me i suck.
Give me your strength, oh chariot.
Whos going to see the avengers tonight?
Im jealous :
Your life is an occasion...
rise to it!
:
we downstairs
Coyotes get defenseman Mathieu Schneider of Canucks for defenseman Sean Zimmerman and conditional doctorft choice in the 2010 NHL Entry doctorft
I love going to Guitar Center.
Now no one can ask me, how many mics do u have.
There are 3 now!
And way better light now!
Book a gig!
Starlin Castro is a hell of a ballplayer.
And he was a great kid when I met him when he was in AA.
I'm a fan.
i really want some olive garden ..
The book is SO much better!
And who thought that camera work was a good idea??
Downton Abbey Christmas special, anyone?
At Ben's Chili Bowl for the first time in years.
OH MY GOSH IF ONLY MINDLESS BEHAVIOR COULD FOLLOW SOME OF THEIR FANS IF ONLY
that you can think of, but still being stuck, and trusting that The Lord knows what's up
when are you going to Texas??
The Magnetic Fields.
Anyone know what the next stop is for Bruce Murphy since he left ....?
you should check it out.
You ever been?
Fall is the perfect time, it's a pretty amazing site.
RSVP for Walk SF's Member Meet  Greet on Dec.
8  Supervisor Avalos  Weiner speaking, raffle, food, doctornks  great company!...
yeah...i doubt iti'mcashingout
No he is.
: not a single person should deprive and damage their body!!
I'm just gonna tweet you because texts don't go thru here.
I don't want to date you
I'm ridiculously addicted to msnbc's locked up.
bringonthenightmeres!
Finishing up a great franchise show in ATL and now looking forward to GLC with te in Vancouver this week.
Ha!
Deal!!
: Is anyone?
I could let you borrow my Jillian Michaels DVDs
pls follow back
Sure, let's go after a project 3 DAYS before it's due.
Only thinking positive thoughts...
i thank i wanna suk on it m yah i do P
my point AGAIN being I have no problem with Hester as a 4 or 5 WR!
But Zaidman/Pompei saying he's starter
I use my pendulum to get yes and no answers from my spirit guides about all types of questions.
is real
Just left the 2 Johns busking in Marvin Gardens Park, standup bass and harmonica.
I hope the concert was amazing!
Did you guys see taylor and tori?
Wow finally after the 4th day in to my changemybodymission I'm getting a hang of it :
RT : Um...
one that actually helps to support better performance...?
: RT : My stomach hurt/ did u eat white castles?
lmao fart burgers
We've got Belly!
Check out our new rewards program at your next visit at Betty Lash!
11:11 hm wanna follow me?
;
The OKC Memorial Marathon Celebration will be moving after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
oh.
I do know it.
It's Va Beach.
Very close to where I am.
Haven't been.
Not long until I'm a proud ginger :D
Omg there's really a guy knocked out and snoring on the bus lol wow
Without Twitter I would not have known today was ten years since Avril Lavigne put out Complicated...lord help me I hate the world.
Im just soo tired..
Think a cold is coming on...:
Thanks CatherineI hope to come back again soon!
RT Great lecture in TO Steve!
Hope to see you again sometime.
u a sexy m/fucka gizelle!!!
Lost in march madness, gators beat the buckeyes AGAIN thanks to lady gator hoops victory in 1st round women's tourney.
Take that !
hahahaha me too!!
I'm the same way!
I mean..im all for a cash transaction than loan...but hey..think about it..be smart
Perfect Game for Humber!
Congrats !
I actually enjoyed Project X.
Dick's news is old.
Irsay has clarified his comment and Vick's hand NO fracture just bruised.
thanks!
I got it :
to answer your question, yes.
Ahahah I want to coyotes
I wanna go away for the weekend....but where????
hm
Close this game Grizzlies!
been thinking about how 2mix badges adn standards based grading with activegrade or blueharvest type toolmaybe mix w/GBL level up
: RT if You want Princeton from Mindless Behavior to Tweet as much as He Talks!
I don't wtf happened but u cant be nice to a bad bitch in Philly, she is gonna think ur a pussy!!!!!
Well...
at least Whitney can stop Waiting to Exhale.
Oh crap, I totally do that.
I thought that was respectable.
Damnitall!
Is Bieber at the grammys this year?
Lol jw.
Beat.
Bed and sleeping in for a change
right on : truth to truth!
Had a great day
Well you could do that or do it and then sleep in your friends' car with a hangover.
...
OR YOU COULD DO THE RIGHT THING.
Karla...
ha...
I am so furstrated...
i have to gt out of this house....
Our first community outreach to the south Tulsa area tomorrow 9:00am at the Storehouse.
Thanks to all who made it possible
cool, thanks again
Being single does not mean no one wants you, it means God is busy writing your love story.
relaunch coming soon.
Working very hard.
RT : Dear Twilight, I'm sorry but I can't seem to hear you over the sound of my theme park.
Sincerely, Harry Potter
we found it!!!
Thanks for the heads up!!!!
Made my Mommas day!!
3
keep stress at bay to improve your health.
I don't worry about anything unless it will affect me ten years from now.Think about it.
I just wanted to take some time to say congratulations to for being on The Ellen Show!
Congrats  I love you!
: 333
I hope you had no bad doctorams last night
Oh, I don't like guns.
Both of us wish you guys had been at full strength.
Great season.
Nothing but love from the Kansas side of the family.
this little british boy got off a ride and yelled at his family YOU BLOODY TROLLS!!!.
I died laughing.
love it love it!!!
BOOM and a BANG!
Thank you for keeping my spirits up and knowing just what to say!
OF COURSE THEY WILL!
My sister is tryna be italian lol ;p
Brand awareness, lead gen and contests 2day 
I don't think anyone feels the way I do about you now
I'm going too fast heart first my head can't slow me down.
What would Steve Jobs have changed with another 40 years?
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible.
From this, happiness in both the short term and the
HA!
No.
It was during a show at Oberlin.
Threw me for a loop to see the director waiting for me backstage prior to my call.
haha your welcome , you better come too :P
Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets, 1999
lol I know you told me , try to get more stuff out of her like more of her history with Grey
thanks hope you had a good day too RT Hope you had a good day today
It's a cold  rainy Monday and I have a pounding headache...awesome start to the week!
CONGRATZ ON GETTING ENGAGED!!!!
All Spiders know that one..
When I got to Richmond as a freshman in the Fall of '91, everybody had posters from the previous
Gears of War 3
oh okay tell her I say hey!!
Easiest prediction: NBA finds a place for linsanity jeremeylin this weekend in allstargame or
You need to come back because I miss you very much.
long day at the office ?
nothing has changfed from this year than last year lol
It was a campaign contribution.
YUP.
: Do you want to do karate in the garage?
RT YUP.
: Did we just become best friends?
Home bound now!
i'd say my collection of davidhasselhoff action figures is worth a least 2 in the bush
Watching some hilarious movie with Jason Bateman and
Some People Will Never Learn.
hahaha I would say you're the exception to the rule but I do know your work schedule.
I still owe you a Post Pub date...
i know,/: i think we're kinda on the same boat..
how old r u?
Encore Show Choir rehearsal is tonight!
Get ready for a musicfilled night!
randomfact..
Vincent Coll got on my nerves so badly I walked into a police station and offered 50,000 to the detectives to bump him off..
Check out pro basketball in Phoenix when it was a test market.
How Phoenix got the Suns.
Go to bigdaddysports.blogspot.com
im soo happy .
finishes tea, rinses out out cup can't believe im still tired but I.didn't sleep much.
yawns
Weirton residents: We're open!
We have water, and we're open 24 hours.
Stop in tonight for a hot meal!
Actress Rita Wilson, aka mister Tom Hanks, on the show at 6:20 PT I want to hear that Tom Hanks farts, or litters or something real
hey good talking to you just now
Oh god.
Ew, That's disgusting.
Today was an exception.
I can continue from here.
Is anyone else watching the Outside the Lines report on Dallas Cowboys sweatshops?
Crazy.
dust off the shox...
3 quarter the zip function...
take that, take that!
Love u back.
Love matters most; is only central ?
worth answering in this life.
RT : ...
I can't wait to have a fun and stress free summer.
100 minutes of summer entertainment.
Company Shorts!!!
www.theatrecompany.biz
I am a Goat lol
Wat To Eat ,Wat To Eat ,Wat To Eat
Thatawkwardmomentwhen we're playing just dance with the youth group
How are YOU celebrating nationaldonutday?
On chips and salsa, Cyclone Anaya's is faring much better.
I'm currently trying to set my mouth on fire.
Make something today...with your hands from you heart.
Doable.
Just need to figure out my route and stops.
See what I mean?
That should have said 'about math today' not math day.
Although math day does describe today for me.
it was str8
oh hey my stupid phone is still an ASSHOLE.
but thanks for trying, you're still my favorite
No probs.
I knew where you stand on things.
Was just taken aback by your friend's earlier tweets.
LOL RT : I hate it when my friends wanna have fun, and trying to be cheap.
I'm so happy it's Friday!
Margaritas, pizza, mis dos amores  XMen.
I'm a happy girl.
3
tastemakersks Diversify your content strategyAudioPixVideo Engage and Monazite your audience directly on social media!
If my Farfar were still alive, he would be 100 years old today.
Props to doctor Latimore who did a great job at Vespers.
Can I get an Amen?!
I wonder who's in denial about it.
He must be a big hypocrite.
;7
Groceries!
Best day :
Remember to submit your SportingExplore questions.
Bonus points if your question is selected!
yup made the cut and recruited a team to build photo lab
Michigan lost!!!
good luck tomorrow mate!!
Glad Im not watchin it if it is.
My N.O.
fam is in a whole different realm  by himself.
I wish him the best regardless.
Wait, what's not oneclick?
And yes, the GET was for OpenSearch
3 pitbulls in a 600 sq ft apt might be too many
One day im gonna be the one saying k.
you'll know how it feels.
ya my hair was hecka long lol
What other color, i have like all different colors.
15 for High Tea for 2 Includes Mini Sandwiches, Fruit, Scones, and Desserts at Remember When Tea House
Should be RT : unveiling Great Bratbino on May 25.
A 2foot brat w/ kraut.
Options include chili  jalapeños..
I bet u a 1000 u won't follow me
touch life yeah?
Wheel of Fortune is still syndicated.
Chardonnay seems like the perfect wine to pair with WoF
at Gavin booty booty booty
haha it sounds like some sort of freestyle rap....
I'll get on that :D
Thank you so much!
I don't know how we missed this tweet before.
We really appreciate the love.
Shout out to 3 follow him now!!
33
I think I'll take a nap  hopefully wake up to a message saying you are sorry  telling me how beautiful I am.
Sweet action!
Congratulations!
While the end result is very important , it is the journey that changes your life.
Still in bed.
funniest thing I heard all day haha
Your Auntie Is The BEST!!!
Check Out My Twitcon What You Think?
Horrible thing to say smh..
RT I hate Kobe...
I'm going to sleep
Best parts of my day: seeing the strong survivors at the RaceforHope,  later, a long video chat with my parents.
Sorry to b ignorant and an old hag that can't see...
who's that?
just wanted to say big ups to ya boy i respect all that u do god bless!
Yeah...
spread the word.
Just hanging out.
Lmao RT : no they don't!!!
But they moose and polar bears walk around like stray dogs!!!
And roach spray wont kill them!!
Got her handle wrong  should have included in that last tweet about lunch.
Glad you could join us, Marshawwana!
1.
I am assuming price is right rules, of course.
Who likes Real Estate?
We're pumped to play with them Friday!
Needs rims.
New TweetDeck v1.3 a step in right direction towards the coolness of old TweetDeckAir.
Headed to Birmingham to pick up my grant.
I hope it is a big plastic game show check.
Wish I was visiting my new little cousin in Minnesota!
Spit shine your black clouds now baby.
My coffee brewed nice and heavy this morning, I'm feelin good about that.
Walking up stairs.
Tripping.
Ow.
Someone should recommend really awesome movies  TV shows.
It's summer  I don't sleep.
I need to be entertained.
lol goodnight doctoram well 
Help!
I need your best 1 or 2word themes for options developers can use in our programming contest.
Can we pause for a moment.
Baseball season has begun, and the Orioles are undefeated.
Hey Jehovah's Witness ladies, if you don't like me answering the door with my shirt off, then stop waking me up from my nap.
hasselback potatoes look like an amazing steak side dish.
todo list.
5.5K S/O She's da greatest!
She's super cute and I subtweet her a lot.
Follow her!
:3333333333333333 3333333333333333333333.
ouch facebook is down
I hate that I like the movie Fever Pitch because Of the baseball.
Jimmy Fallon is terrible.
You try.
You fail.
You try.
You fail.
But the only true failure is when you stop trying.
Madame Leota
When i first heard the song i was all like that sounds like cudi, but it doesnt say anything bout him but I googled it :
Wealthy neighbors apparently have a new peacock.
Exotic and luxurious in theory, annoying mating calls in reality.
Real beauty is in the heart
It is freaking me out that you are having this conversation in my timeline.
Worlds collide, man.
The Old Ones are here!
excellent, thanks!
At Logan going to Twist and Shout
Big Sky leaders face off
you shall have, friendo
This argument never made sense to me.
Do you chastise pro sports fans for not having played or worked there?
Check out 's music!
He's DOPE!!!
:D
Simple: Don't risk what you don't want to loose
looking forward to the weekend
Thanks!
RT : Great interview with on this morning on the Get Fit Program!
Did you miss it?
Ask Donn ...
Sleeping no the floor me my empty bedoctorom because I am too lazy to go downstairs and get in the chair or the extra bedoctorom.
release it like after warped tour or before it would be cool too but
yay SHAPE!
I was one of your cofounders, great to see you're still alive and kicking.
Keep doing great work at NU!
Couldnt throw it in the ocean from a boat RT Conley and Mayo are 323 shooting today.
give the kudos to the BCS for making this game mean nothing to LSU.
Let us know what noname Packers play in the game.
thanks to all for the happy birthday wishes!
hey stranger
your skillet head ass bomb tree stomp head ass bomb your roller blade dick face ahh your sewage tank breath smellin ah bomb

realShit looks will get you in but brains  personality will KEEP you in...that a lot of chicks Downfall
No substitute teachers in Japan.
The childoctorn manage the classroom when the teacher is away.
Trying to imagine this here...
yeah but have them reply to me.
Gotta get over u, nothing for me to do, but have one last cry!!!!!!!!
will you be live tweeting that class?
;

Collects Coupons like a BOSS!
I still can't believe doesn't follow me anymore :
SHUT UP!
jk but really ur still with that?
Happy Founders Day to
STAMPEDNFAMILY TAKING OVER THE NATION!!!
LEGGO!!!
Happy Birthday Ryan...Have Fun....Find Something You Like To Do...Go Relax....at least your birthday is is the off season..lol
You need a picture of some doctorintile, a radon fan or a sump pump on your professorle!
sigh back to chores lol cuz the song thing isnt going well .the line ..ive got gout.
says it all lol..whats wrong with me lol
A year since Haiti.
It could of happened in LA just as easily.
Ha!
RT : Hey what do u call a fake noodle?
An Impasta

RT : It has the name of the whole album but only 1 song plays/shows up.
so who is missionary mike.
Is he more awesome than u are
pleasantly surprised when 2 frat boys I was judging starts talking about favorite classes to teach: 6th Grade social studies, MAN!
NICE!
LoL RT : Govt report says 41 million US workers are sleep deprived.
Finally, an actual problem 4 yrs of MittRomney cld cure
Thanks, Chris.
how's my nephew playing??
Tmac
Gotta get my Tequila from and house
going to bed i cannot think straight.
Mike Epps just doctorssed up as the ratchet police on the BET Hip Hop Awards haha
What Beers will you be doctornking during the
UX a huge issue for , make cartography better and use tools like TileMill for pretty
My last post was unclear...life is so Much more important then death
For a stronger marriage and better relationships, learn to take responsibility for your actions and your outcomes.
Thanks for the info!
I think I'm going to get one of those holders...
Honoree we will have to meet when I'm back in town.
Doctor: I hav good news and bad: good is u have 24 hours to live: Me: Crap waz tha bad: I forgot to call ya yesterday!!!
haha
Almost 400 bourekas made today...you know you wanna eat 'em!
I hope its fun!
:
Believe it or not the still call me
Cleaning up the house before heading out for 4th festivities!
Squeling on the square in Murray,KY  stop by FBC net bldg cooling station.
thanks for waking me up!
My iPod was on full volume and when you tweeted me it went off 
Thx 2 Community Trust Bank 4 participating in our Pinwheels 4 Prevention Campaign.
Stop by any CTB branch during April to support
No thank YOU!!!
RT : Thank you !
That was awesome!
Damn cinco de mayo parties making me eat so much food today
Thank you for the FF mention!
It's cool bein' real!
Any chance you'll be around the Minneapolis area on Wednesday, 12/14?
Were hosting an edtech event following
i thought i died when i left there haha
July 8th at Village Rock in E.
Rochester!
Come out to celebrate summer with some cool Classic Rock including our Fleetwood Mac Tribute!!!
what a fun site!
Oh, hello Lovely to see you!
This is awesome!!!
Why me?
Because I'm me!
Can someone please tell me what does it mean that you had a doctoram about your lover ?
Day 2 of the 10 Ways in 10 Days campaign to improve the VA budget: Let's give kids health insurance, instead of tax breaks to those...
.
Is there anyone who is doing tactile feedback w/ touchscreens that's getting it right?
I'm excited to laugh about robberies, murdersuicides,and sexual assaults without being in my living room!
They should rename Pep Boys 'Treat You Like Shit  Make You Pay 800'
ill call you tomorrow!!!
When people overreact for stupid shit,
Uploading an old short film to YouTube and Blip.tv.
Overtime fans might be interested.
Feeling like I'm going to hit rock bottom.
I welcome it, because I know I can only go up from here.
for dinner.
Great food and beautiful view of downtown SD.
rt  when taking travel pics take one or two of a city sign so years later you can remember where you were
doctorpped my phone in a puddle and now its not working right :/
I think the Irish accent is my favorite English dialect.
I could listen to it for hours; it's so soothing.
Left is Right  Greece's Left Wing Tries To Form A Government  NPR News
Sad?
Happy?
Mopey?
It becomes a lot easier when you realize you can do it
Matt Moore played really well
you still out?
We know you will clean up like always tonight.
Have a great game!
Who are u talking about lol
What the hell?
my 300th tweet
The NY Times wants to put the news in your kitchen table theatln.tc/qIKX1E Cool or too weird?
RT
no, I've never tried Pilates.
You?
SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn when they dam near tackle you , when you reach for their phone
dexter season finale  mind blown.
Make sure it matches my current one.
I will send u the tracks today
Word vomit.
That's how a student succinctly paraphrased my instructions for a free write exercise.
Debate, yes.
Presidential, not so much.
RT 6: Business Ledger: Business Ledger by Aspiring Investments Corp Buy......
Rather than becoming obsolete, libraries r needed BECAUSE everything will b digital.
Nice 2 hear from nonlibrarian student
RT : Looking forward to appearing on at 9 ET on CNN to discuss my new book While America Sleeps.
You know it's time to say goodnight with the effort of holding your head up produces muscle strain near your ears.
The real question is do you remember the recipe!?
I'm working on perfecting my figure, spiritually.
You know a party is crazy when your coworker gets banged in the pooper on your front lawn at 4am.
And your neighbors complain the next day.
Finally home :
like on the tour!
I'm on such a sugar kick lately, and it's SO unlike me!!
:
Had a great time yesterday!
Thanks for all the birthday wishes and everyone who came out to celebrate with me!
Happy 4th of July :
For the number of clients you have?
I'd boost it.
RAM is cheap.
Thanks for the RTs and convos!
but only a week til I come home
Thanks for the follow.
Your galleries look very exciting!
Put me back together again
our house where it's not public.
Let me know which you prefer!
oh well i guess dat means its time to cll it a nite so nite nite everyone
This is a very underrated signing.
Always loved this guy.
RT : I'M HERE BMORE!
I can sense the excitement!
first session at 12.30 with Kim Tracy 10  one FREE class.
I can smell it at my house!!
RT : Failure is an event, not a person.
Yesterday ended last night.
Darvish K's Maybin and Quentin around oneout 2B by O Hudson in scoreless first.
Happy Friday from Ben, Sarah, Joel  Emma!
3
My alarm clock is clearly jealous of my amazing relationship with my bed.
When in doubt, be kind.
hmm So what's for breakfast?
Thinking of cooking or just buy a chinese rice.
girl be quiet!
last in jobs?
Way to be bold.
Please stop.
everybody its a great online hip hop website!
very very ill!
Good advice from AEP!
RT : Limiting the use of bathroom and kitchen exhaust fans will help you SaveEnergy and money this winter.
If you call me on the phone and I don't answer...just know I feel your odd and just lacked common sense..watching oprah!
Friday Night Lights win!
Yayyyyyy Luv it and miss it.
Im out....s/o to all my follwers 
I wish I had Hurricane
Happy Birthday!!
Gotcha!
I thought maybe it was time for some fullon construction...
love you boo :
Fabulous Baking Brothers to turn Cirencester Christmas lights on  Wilts and Gloucestershire Standard Fabulous Baking Brothers to turn Ci
If you get the Golden Tickets, how do we get the arrangements all settled.?
I'm gonna be in Orlando on friday!!
The 180 lounge is def gonna get turnt up when I come through
It's a problem that I love moving
Thanks.
I didn't realize today was my 3 year anniversary for this Twitter account.
Happy Twitterversary to me!
.
so how did you get here under my skin ?
your coming to sta ??
Aw.
Me too.
And see?
The very essence, the core of 2  3.
We were experts at that!
Back from twitter vacation.
What'd I miss?
Maybe it's because is so FASCINATING, people don't want to look away ;
Call Me ASAP
It only game 1 chill QT : so what's up with them lakers
we need to hangout next time im in LA!
:P
how many did you get for it bro???
and I started a fire!
RT CTGrlProblem: I refuse to call beer pong beirut.
What do you think this is, Masshole?
Get out of my state.
Warren Zevon is trending...only in St.
Paul
Why are there sad faces in your goodmorning tweet?
:
Bo Ryan, Randy Edasall, Brian Kelly don't approve
RT : Blessed is the man who trusts in the Lord, and whose hope is the Lord.
Hello and Thank you guys
Working hard.
Keep supporting us and spread the word!!
Always glad when I can bring students with me to activist events
If You Choose To Fight A Nigga At The Party Over ASS And FEMALES You Trippin !!
Rock the NPSR, mister Todd!
Next year maybe launch your own line of underwear.
We'll be representing in AZ in about 2 hrs.
oh nice !!
what do you do in you free tmes??
Would it kill to post their hours in front of the store?
Nothing on their website either.
Off to Target instead...
: congrats!!
BIG cover to have a story in.
THANKS!!!!
: Awesome news!
: Just Got Word I've been nominated for another Daytime Emmys Award!!!
So GRATEFUL  BLESSED
heck no I dont!!!
Lets Go Peay!!!
They're descending into Kai Tak airport on Pan Am ...
ahahah trying to land into the crowd of buildings ...
designed by Satan.
forever young
Haha, I know right?
Sensenbrenner doesn't give a crap about anyone who is slightly left.
Man, I wish we could get rid of him!
Such a beautiful morning.
Already have 4 miles in and about 6 cups of coffee down.
ATT iPhone vs.
Verizon iPhone: All You Need To Know to Make an Informed Decision shar.es/30ZVx
time to watch Baby Mama.
nice and now we have them both
Roth  LaTeX  pretty CV
I wish mobile twitter would lemme see if my tweets were RT but no it's gotta be stoopid  not work .
Grandparents are finally back from crooo!
The girl in front of me has a 4.5 gpa.
Well fuck.
Hey, don't you know all the stuff in the NLP course already?
:
sure!
i'll get back to you when i'm on pc
Extreme Thing!
:D
They underestimated us in 2007...but be sure they're ready for us this time!!
Play smart Big Blue!!
Thanks David Golden  WPKN 89.5 FM for airing my recording of Green Dolphin Street yesterday!
!
Aloha Bridgeport!
Good delivery time and as discribed and pictured Well Pleased THANKS A  Ina from San Diego, California
It's like Romeo and Juliet, hot sex..
Thanks for following me.
I design and print do let me know if you need my help.
i love your part on the show you are smart funny and fun your great..
Truth!
RT : The Mets lost BUT Lucas Duda had two hits.
you need to have an active game to add players
rest lady!
How bad do we have it, ?
Welcome back, ILYF to !
The King appears to have a court in Oakland.
This is one giant complex of mutually enabling avoidance behavior.
I now walk 3 times a day, because I have a dog.
Short walk in the a.m.
and night, long walk after work.
Every day!
Welcome.
I'm going to get in touch with my hosting provider for a password reset.
Need that first.
;
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds
Wet Ultra Lounge Hip Hop Concert tonight call Sarah 9154492066
lovey the internet stop working :/
Fairly sure I am succumbing to whatever noxious virus has been going around.
Hopefully, I'll get FA program finalized before fever hits.
.
.
your hair is getting so long!
:
RT : Tried training at the impressive facility in Phoenix?
Join me for a ConfigMfr 2007 Master class on...
We have 995 followers.
1,000th follower wins a bundle of merch from AEMMP including sunglasses, Chomp Too, Pet Lions 7, and free DLs
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
Indira Gandhi This is what hatefilled rightwingers just don't get
Finishing up my leftovers for lunch.
I feel like the cat who gets kicked out of the house at the end of the Flintstones!
This is really wack!!!
Spaghetti, porchuto de Parma, home made bread, olives...
are there any subsequent reports providing updates to HIE in Maine?
Browns are making the Titans look like the All Madden Team.
its heloing me stay awake...
Should I be concerned a lot of my followers are faceless eggheads?
She SO weird and nasty lmbo
u look like Roman Harper getting ran over at the goal line
No...I don't remember what happened to the other one?
Help a Valkyrie out here.
Those WhaluMen were great yesterday and they were swagged out with their boties.
and and
The Over is 1111 in West Virginia's last 13 neutral site games
Happy mothers day to all my latina mamis out there
Looks like rithockey isn't televised tonight, and I'm fine with listening to it on WITR, but I just have to ask: Anyone got a video feed?
That guy rocking the fuck out in his house to the Village People's Macho Man?
Yeah, that would be me.
Thanks for the tweet!
how the hell did u find that?
Capitol evacuated?
All three people?
Come on.
wow, apparently
I will be home for 4/20!!Im tryna set a fucking record for the most weed smoked in 24hrs no bs
What the fuck does having an attitude have anything to do with getting a permit
nice!
how is it?
The longest day of my life was spent at Disneyland...
Signed our letter of understanding with to build them a medical clinic in Malawi, help show your support
happy birthday hater!
:
I Admire You for the Strength You've Instilled in Me
thanks Mike!
I'll turn you into a rockstar, too!
Enjoying this semester  great group of students
lol no kidding!yah mine are far from perfect.i'm proud to announce that i am still an AA 34  Victoria's Secret.im in HS.XD
I hope Evelyn and Jennifer at least talk and show respect to one another.
This show is starting to go left real quick!
Punk ass punk
Reality TV is our generation's Stonehenge.
In 500 years, archaeologists will dig up Pawn Stars on DVD and ask, What the hell was this for?
You're a crazy person, Russ, but I love you.
Thanks!
month you and Romney stated it was over 20, so I guess we are recovering after all.
Thanks mister Trump
Srry just now saw ur tweet.
They were allowing both ystrdy.
Good luck!
Also, I think men should be included in ask4more.
We should all know our worth and not only ask, but take risks to get it.
Just worked out with the boys from whitecollarbrawler.
Great workout.
Angelo is a beast.
Question is
Low of 33 today.
Hi, test data shows were using 20 more CPU to perform 250K more IOPs, outperform Q by 50, CPU effic.
33 better in result
no no one really did anything..jus realization
I miss Mat Gamel.
He was good about doctorving in runs when he was playing.
Finished Love is Always Write story, got it back from who beta'ed.
Gotta neaten it up and then send it in!
if you want come up with cool designs maybe well use it :
I know too many Amanda's that I'd rather not be associated with lol
What did I tell you, its been rainly all day today in MN!
We are allowed one sunny day per monthLOL
I really hope our offense can get us there?
So far I am concerned, but still hopeful.
Every time I walk past steve dolinsky I get a sudden craving for Chinese food.
Mall  hospital later
Go beyond your ego n the internal dialogue.
Make a decision to relinquish the need to control,the need to be approved n the need to judge.
Tweeted Thanks!
SHOUT OUT TO THE GIRLS WHO WAKE ME UP IN THE MORNING BY TEXTING MY GIRL EXTRA EARLY..
THANX 
Hey  where is the form to submit user submitted music events?
thanks!
: Oh, I agree.
The Black Pearl is on.
Just a matter of time.
Catalan resembles the basic Spanish I took.
Understand a little.
Bowling tonight for charity.
What are the odds I crack 120 my first game?
RT : Congrats to Freddie Munoz for winning the NBA Lottery tonight.
A honest person can admit their faults!
preaching to the choir
I thought you knew!
.
lol goodnight
Right on!
RT : And everyone should know there is no better way to travel than rickshaw!
didyouknow?
the secret to mcdonalds world famous fries is the potatoes.
they only use the best potatoes.
Come 4 the Carmel Farmers Market Saturday Morning  stay 4 the International Arts Festival.
The Market is open until the end of October.
your boys were kicking tail last night.
Awesome game.
Good series so far
grabs binoculars to see Dani in Batsuit doesn't snitch, just watches
Tough meeting.
They're all gone now.
:
Thanks for the follow, I look forward to your tweets voiceover voice over
Yeah!!!
RT La Santa Cecilia Accordion FestivalAwesome!
nobody is returning my gig ems on 45
Show getting stupid.
Guys should have left.
She's vacant and ridiculous.
LIKE New Horizon Theater, Inc on Facebook, the TheaterWithHeart!
Self diagnosis is on the rise.
Be sure to get checked on unusual symptoms.
Better to know nothing is wrong than not know when something is.
If u tryna c sexy ladys and get yo doctornk on, mske sure u gone b at figure8 this saturday.
Its gone b 1 entry all night long !!
Fuck you McDonald's for giving me hard burritos 3 out of 4 days a week!!
Only thing that worries me about the Perry pick is he wanted to play in a 43.
What do you Packer fans think?
Being in a relationship is a full time job, don't apply if you're not ready.
Sans math: if Mariners had 2011 payroll, but without Miguel Olivo, they could afford Carlos Beltran.
Awe love it3 You're awesome, thankyou RT : Big fan of music and live shows!
MusicInTheD
Very proud Mama!
My daughter passed all her classes and now has a Masters degree from Smith college!
And she is only 23 yrs old.
lol because I really didn't have to pay cause he had money
Can I be your 8k shout out?!?
just unlocked a deal...nice feature...keep up the good work...
We're like gonna impress you.
Check your email, man.
I would of loved to win that all access backstage pass to the Snoop Dogg Concert including hanging in doctorssing room.
I'm pretty convinced USAirways has destroyed Pittsburgh airport  on the flip side the airport needs to move on and doctorm up more airlinez
screw you 
What are your plans for St.
Patricks day?
scheduling dinner/concerts for the winter including Tel Aviv violinist Daniel Hoffman and Beijing pipa player Yang Jing!!
lol it's ok i never rarely get replies to my tweets any way
As long as a test still represents meaningful behavior, there is no reason to remove it.
doctorams last night: watched Japanese porn with the bf's brother  someone came into the library with a bomb.
WTF is up with my subconscious
pleasee follow mee it would be the best
Oh good...thanks!
EmpireSteals.com is ready to go.
The first couple of deals will blow your mind.
1st deal will launch in a couple of weeks!
Just finished eating Indian food galore at Mirch Masala with !
thats y I love tabs..ur team can lose but I can still win
schoolmemories is now trending, to bad some of us can't recall the good ol' B.C.
freshman years!
I'm in Kansas City  I'll be sure to grab the AIPA.
Google maps are most helpful for writing about real places and getting a feel for them.
It also helps to know if they use cars there, too.
Especially w/ css I still learn new things all the time.
Let me know if you want help/thoughts on launching something
That was not funny i thought you was so serious.
!!
Thanks for the follow on the New York Twitter list.
Here at work where id rather be hanging out with !
Grrrr :
Does this mean you also don't know about the new Ron Swanson Ben  Jerry's flavor?
I think u will approve
Hey ladies, if you're in a rush and only want coffee and soda for your kids, go to a convenience store.
Don't sit at my table and lose me
We had a fun time at the Safari Half Marathon last Sunday.
What other runs are you planning on doing?
You were clearly waiting for my cameo on Diners, doctorveIns and Dives tto go obviously...
Awesome right?
why thank you!
grilled cheese and kool aid :
no, I should be fine, I watched Human Centipede 2 w/o flinching so I should be golden...
can't be worse than my own thoughts
i'm hooked on the sweet tea vodka and lemonade myself :
This girl is annoying
is your Tumblr blog from McDonalds?
bc im loving it, haha wow im obsessed with your blog!
But here's a question you probably haven't heard many answers to: How do these new marketing channels generate leads?
Valle de los Caidos, Segovia, or Toledo are all amazing.
Toledo might be my favorite though...
Enjoy!
Also, just noticed it seemed to only index my contacts from MZ from Addoctorss Book.
Any fix?
Thanks for the shout out.
Hope you had fun on Friday!
You will never be younger than you are today
yes he is!
i've now been able to distinquish when I'm the in the car and I'm bored call vs.
the im actually thinking of you call.
Just got off work..
nice day out..
thinkin about hittin the doctorving range
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Partly cloudy.
A chance of showers and thunderstorms in the evening.
Lows in the mid...
That is a really tough job.
I see some COs who are amazing, others who are petty tyrants.
USF men's basketball team wins second game at national finals!!!!!
Fantastic!!!
Going to sleep.
Goodnight!
Need Twitter Basics?
Come to You should Tweet That Mar 29 at 9:30am.
this workshop will go over all of the Twitter basics.
Call 3443933.
sez if nobody in your network annoys you, you're in an echo chamber
please send ur email info to for more info....
You think it's rough in Israel.
Think again.
It's worse thank you think.
Miss U!
We'll have to catch up over lunch sometime soon.
Really???!
Well you didn't need them anyway!
Lol
Are you following us on Twitter?
!!!
Serpent's Stout
Wally's bored with the inept Jazz.
Are you?
Will the Spurs sweep in Utah
I had to learn the hard way that some people walk into our lives and physically walk out, but they never really leave.
it started raining, you left me at a ought and I didn't know if you were going to mission or tb.
Cool.
its Jay Valentino waz good my dude??
12th century Danish politics are doctorving me mad.
Everyone is named either Knud or Erik and with a different claim to the throne
Thanks, buddy!
You know it!
You, too!
Tonight the Poreotics are performing !
So freaking excited!!
fascinating!
I must research now.
; thanks for the info!
indeed, I was being sarcastic.
I'm an avid WordPress user and highly recommend it over any other CMS
yes!
Are you coming?
Only because you look so rugged and manly..
Just surprised ;
IDGAF  I don't give away food.
Last night I be became aunty Kate woohoo!
Congrats to my sister and her husband!
A beautiful baby girl to spoil!!!
I wish I was a book worm but I'm not
Just opened my first container of Greekstyle yogurt, and I'm pretty sure I could repair holes in my walls with it.
Does anyone know when the NBA All Rookie teams are to be announced?
Never give in.
Never give in.
Never give in.
Winston Churchill.
Looking forward to it!
It's going to be a great show guys!
Expected to be 77 and sunny for opening day!
Lets go MURFCNATION come out and show support for MURFC as they take on the alum!
Mark Cuban is 100 right.
Each candidate only care about their party instead of the American people.
How ever had someone steal your heart away , you'll give anything up to make them feel safe ?
I hate you!
; I'm so seeing That next week!
Nobody remembers the guy who finished second but the guy who finished second.
Bobby Unser
Going to the DDerby today!!!!!!!
:D
Unless you've a definite, precise, clearly set targets, you are not going to realize the maximum potential that lies within you.
THANK YOU
Confession...when I met her on the streets of Philly, she sucked tha skin off tha vendors Hot Dogs...soo err, yeah, now I'm in luv!
we are looking to order some boxes, can we get some samples of the sizes we need to see if they will work with our items.
happy birthday justin!
WHAT the HELL I only got 136 followers and I'm like almost following 1,000 people
That moment when will never follow or retweet no matter how many times you tweet him.
:
Nice!
I never knew the trick to start at a certain time, thanks.
Happy Friday!
that would be monumental
Just got that much better today.
She smiles widely Jacob, Jacob, Jacob.
Who's the Oklahoma City coach?
Breckin Meyer's dad?
thank you lol:
Should I stay or should I go now?
Jumbo prawns, wheat linguine, and tossed salad for supper.
DQ for dessert.
Think where mans glory most begins and ends, and say my glory was I had such friends
Madonna renting new home?
I only took a couple and they are digesting morgan has the rest:
We got a speacial thang going on.
I love my mister Right
Why do I still care about you, when you don't even think of me anymore.
Latest WalkerFailure tv ad forgets to mention his budget proposed 59 million cut to SeniorCare  290 million cut to FamilyCare
3 district baseball champs all within 5 miles of me: Lexington, White Knoll, Gilbert.
We play baseball here!
I think August is in he works..
Will you be going there this summer?
spring fashions without spending big
Want to get more fiber optic cable throughout more of the square
trolls...you know what to do is the best line ever.
followed by ball so hard.
you're the best!
Sitting in church
Anybody out there doing a bit of CPI advertising?
Have got a few questions for ya...
Student assistant processed about 80 zines for the stacks this week.
Check some out for studying/paperwriting relief.
what venue/what promoter
Five days until pitchers and catchers report.
at the very least I was able to help a short secretary reach something off of a high shelf when i was on campus.
haha.
RT : Dear other NFL Players DON'T CARE ABOUT WHAT TIM TEBOW IS DOING!
Stop asking them ?'s about him!
Sincerely ESPN Viewers
YES.
SO EXCITED FOR YOU/US and our continued efforts into annoying hipsterdom yay!!!
The body regulates its metabolism primarily through enzymes.
Enzymes are the stuff of life
New account name ; I spelled it swifty cuz swiftie wouldn't fit.
I still like swiftie better though!
One day to go...to anyone who sees the midnight showing tonight, all I can say is KAAAAAAHN!!!!!!!!!!
On the air !!
Call me 5509696
Thnx!
Bring ur guy friends and suggest they give you their girl tix!
RT : Guys Night is a great idea!
Yes, just signed up for the showcase next week.
See you there!
I love you  I know you'll always be there for me 3 ;D
Thanks!
We 3 you too :
Love everything you are retweeting regarding the shiz going down in madison.
Ohh I'm soo happy for you hun 3 Yes !
I miss you too , reallllllyy :/  Let's do something at the next weekend  Kay ?
Environmental justice would also be relevant to Butler's critique of Arendt here.
Getting esp.
interesting now
Phillies can win WorldSeries.If it rains for the next 4 nights,then CliffLee starts Game 6,rain 4 more nights, Lee starts game 7.
I love my school!!
nationalchampionship bbn!!!!
Tired as hell 4real
Maybe I'm exaggerating but I am parading around in not much and he hasn't noticed.
Late on this; but I know I've seen it first hand to.
How funny!!!!
Any chance the Browns can find a beast of a tight end?
Watson is good but aging, Moore can't block, and not sure Jordan Cameron is that guy.
Thanks for the RT!
Spring cleaning.
i decided to put all of my winter clothes away so it better not get cold again!
I told my mother I was going to kill myself and she ignored me.
More like, howling for boo am I right, folks?
following :D !!!
: Yay!!
The Boss is opening the Grammys!!!
Your favorite right?!
how many of my followers live in the US?
did anyone else adore justin sweats or was it just me 3
Justification is a legal term.
The word is a judicial term meaning to acquit, to declare righteous, to pronounce sentence of acceptance.
Stressful week so far..its only tuesday 
Just grabbed a for my last lunch in ATX...for now.
lol just until next time...
:EW!
WAS MY BRO JACKING OFF IN THE SHOWER?!
Omg EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW it happens to all of us...
clothes would probably be a good idea.
I get da weirdest song lyrics stuck in my head durin work...
followed you on tumblr because im that nice:
thanks my cuzin said i got talent but need at least some better songs
4 am and I've been awake for hours
Happy Birthday!
i sleep in i am tired but recharged!!
lol
BATTLE OF THE EXES time
The world's best beaches  ITV News: The west has some of the best beaches in the world.
That's according to Keep Britain Tidy, which...
Avoidance: doing the things you kinda don't want to do in an effort not to do the thing you really don't want to do.
sigh
Thanks for the follow, ,
Sacha Baron Cohen is my idol, he just dumped an urn on Ryan Seacrest at the Oscars Eredcarpet in character as The
Its snowing in the UK!
: Haha!
BTW, The Notebook is in my top 10.
Taxi Cab Confession.
Thanks Jimmy, we try our best...
and enjoy helping folks stay informed.
YES, For Sure!
Good morning.
Ah today will be a very weird day
Kirsten Dunst39;s Sexy Side Ponytail
she cant her mom said so but heres her right shes going talk to u on her okay
About to make chilli..granted, it's vegan..but YUMMY..fell in love with vegan chilli years ago in LA...
Hey!
whats up!
Mine's pretty bizarre too, and well played, sir.
Well played.
:
At least you know it's real then.
The Chinese Hukou system slows economic growth and urbanization.
Citizens can only get benefits if they live where told.
It all sounds very exciting  and liberating!
Whoa!
It's Cinco de Mayo today.
Sure didn't see that one coming...
Do you keep Gomez in to bat in order to out run a double play?
Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza!
10LawsOfSex U betta shut up and gag!!!
About to hit this track
3/4 if my weekend will be shoots.
Almost all 48 hours,  the next 24 hrs straight!
Where to store geospatial data?
Who is storing geospatial data in Wisconsin?
UW map library...anyone else?
Couldn't have said it better myself haha RT I think you're fitting into that mustache perfectly
After my School its Minnesota ....
Suggestions for a good lunch spot near Soho NYC?
Oysters  seafood would be great.
have you ever had or considered getting a cat?
;
Just got home and saw that is following me!!!!
First thing i didhad a mini spaz attack
Green DayBoulevard of Broken doctorams
Eating supper at the Pizza Hut where Michael and I met and fell in love almost 15 years ago
Tech?
For what?
Life is a daring adventure or nothing.
Words of wisdom brought to you by Better Buzz
Gaga was amazing!
Give away her straw with a gaga trivia game!!
Also crazy Italian grandma video on ur site AMAZING!
Warmest day so far this year!
Sun's out.
Beautiful!
Did a little shopping, Now it's back to work.
Top tip when pitching me a book for review: spell my name right.
you make me happy :
lol it's 5am i haven't slept and Liz  Ashley are coming over,wut.
Cardiac Kids!
RedSox!
Looking forward to today's IML seminar on database documentaries and interactive digital memoirs by Rosemary Comella
hahahaha!
That is a hilarious tweet!
We are awesome...and so are green beans!!!
I ALWAYS reply!!
I don't know why you're scared!
I can't even remember what happened in the movie!!
And they just ran out of the one I wanted.
Time to up the capacity.
Kind of like the sharks and the jets...except a really REALLY white version...
thanks to YOU!
I had a blast workin' with y'all!
DealShow starts in just 1hour!
Get ready for it, you know there will be some great deals!
3 sold out shows at the Byham on NYE  an amazing way to bring in the New Year!
Tks again  for being a part of it!
He liked that answer too!
Test via
Sad about Christopher Hitchens.
Didn't agree with him always but always admired his belief in voice.
And he was really something at the end.
Im tired as buns!
Habitual physical activity reduces depressive symptoms and improves emotional wellbeing.
I like watching the Blues self destruct.
uhm i dont know how to work this thingg, :/
are you an Noah okay
I Sure Will Sweetie!!!
I Gottca Ya!!!
:
www.bennyandthebreaks.com www.facebook.com/bennyandthebreaks Songs should be available for free download on the website soon.
Something exciting is happening with our One Idea, newsletter from ....
can't wait for everyone to HEAR all about it!
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out?
:DD 8
you're presh.
I miss you!
!
What the What?
That.
Fuck.
doctornking now.
FYI is at HR57 Friday, February 5  save the day.
And let me know if you're still on for dinner Jan 15th
Motherfather!
It's going to be an epic farmy weekend!
What are you harvesting baby?
OMG!!
Lol!
Couldn't even imagine that now!
lol I like this
heyy check out my tumblr and youtube channel 3
Just re downloaded instagram, and I have 700 followers...
Thanks Ashley for adding pictures on it!
Hahaha strange
ooww my got....I am deceived
Do people still pay attention to TED or did that trend fizzle out?
tell Christine I said happy mothers day:
thanks!
Glad to be in the public sector.
I love the xmen but Scott is such a dick.
Hate him.
no prob, congrats to u  every1 else!
For as long as i've been in love with Forever 21 i think im just now realizing they have John 3:16 printed on the bottom of their bags.
3
Have you met 's alter ego yet?
No?
Trust us, you want to.
Catch them  CENTRAILIA on Fri.
Jan 27  9:30pm!
Hiya fashion fiend, thnx for following back
PS...when you buy a sweatshirt you also get a free tshirt!
Warm days make me think of sexy navel piercings!
Stop by and check out our selection of gem navel jewelry.
.
ha!
I actually did get goosies during that Joshua/Jessica duet.
I hate that word.
Curses to you JLo.
CAPS BITCH, CAPS!
Gay ass fucking night
The first couple weeks of breastfeeding can involve lots of learning, but it will become much easier as you  baby get the hang of it!
Twitter broke my manhood.
Why aren't trix shaped like little pieces of fruit anymore?
Currently listening to my great grandmother tell me how Don doctorpper from MAD MEN is easy on the eyes.
lol no i almost passed out.
That was another girl that had the ambulence come.
Always do what you are afraid to do .
I dont even have a bluray in my office..lol
POOP CRISIS RT :  of rolls of toilet paper Costco sells every year: 1 billion.
dear : i'm not a fan of the redesign!!
please go back to the way it was before, k thanks.
The word jazz was a common American slang term meaning as exciting as basketball in Utah.
So....the Avengers movie went hard in the paint...
Happy Birthday !!
It's just gross....guess i just gotta keep praying I dont sit in anything that leaves a stain and/or a smell
lol...come see
Chris!
How have you been?
:
if he gets famous that means he would have to go touring and he might be too tired to tweet D:
You guys are in the movie playing at El Rio
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
wow h8 life
lmfao your crazy
Hey, JPMorgan, sloppy is not hanging up your coat.
Losing 2B is weaponsgrade stupidity.
Or worse.
FF  Great guy who just started as the new photo editor.
Welcome Jim!
you do know that I had clothes in that hamper you took out of my room right?
totally my fb status today.
I'm only gay when I'm sober
got it.
I'll send you the tech specs for both systems  CMS  Integra so you see what U need as server power
If you ever ask me my answer will be....I do I do I do I do I do ;
sheeeeeesh, I am sorry I broke your arm!!!!
although I thought you were 5 so was this nathan?
thanks for the pizza!
From all of us at the Assignment Desk : Happy Holidays!!
It was DELICIOUS
Hi Sherri!
You have really inspired me in the last couple of months.
your spirit.
What in the HELL is going on?
Guess who's at da Beauty Shop me....
Ayee gettin Dolled up
tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea!
Or gin!
Forgot to cc you on my last post....
Your Serf
I love love that picture of you two!
me and literally sit on the phone and and listen to eachother eat lmao
Yep!
Supposedly he lives in Florham...
Where ever that is.
Ha I am sure you know.
please remove this Frank the space experience is not in my mailbox LOL : How on earth did this happen?
You haven't heard of DMB?
Oh the youth and how they need to learn the ways of live music, I wish I had an ICS.
What?
Well done3?
Cant wait.
then get on it.
Two glasses
I made out with a guy at the MakeOut Room.
Obvious, or subversive?
Thanks for the reminder..
hi sarah :
how the hell am I supposed to take a TEAM TEST alone.
How ppl can't remember the name Alice is beyond me.
I'm gonna start doing ridiculous things when I meet people so they can't forget.
haha
Wow....i ordered stuff online and somebody stole it from outside of my door.
Need to go on Twitter more lol.
Have you seen/heard of Toe Juice in your Chicago ?
recommends it.
I want some lol
I need to get down to Texas and hit the Mud Pit.
with Pay Checks!
ladies: learn how to wash your pussy before you expect a man to go down on you it don't suppose to smell like you on your period 365
it was so good i loved it
their focus has shifted to the Braves.
Ready for baseball season here in the south.
But...
but...
I might be moving to Michigan soon :o
You are absolutely incredible.
Never think otherwise.
And you can loan books right?
RT : BN iPad Reader, 1st impressions: Better than Amazon's....Nice start.
We knew this!
RT : HOT STUFF!
CofC was named one of the hottest Colleges in the nation!
Test post...
Wondering if anyones ever tried to run a business from their bed?
Lots of hugs and kisses to u tammie holland...be blessed today Zee
Who are these people???
yes, or partnered up with Mel Gibson which is just as bad.
On the Avengers bandwagon!
What do you get if cross a snowman and a shark ?Frost bite !
BoiseSOC Bieter: This is one of the most significant donations in the history of the Boise parks system.
Due to a conversation with I'm now watching Spinal Tap.
I smoke weed like a fuckan indian or sum..
I'm really struggling with thinking about the thought of thinking about being productive
too bad there's not one of jason and travis too.
That awkward moment when you're at the bathroom and you run out of paper.
Thanks Laura!
: Followed you : JustSoYouKnow LOL :
What have you been working on lately?
Thank you Sean for giving Matt Wieters a web gem on baseball tonight cuz he just fucked u up.
The most important skill you can have: The art of explanation.
dope stuff bro, just listened to Shawty like me Ft T Wall keep it up and you'll get the recognition
all honestly 1D are hotter, no doubt.
But to me I love all 3 bands so freaking much but most Australians only like 1D and dont give the..
Hang in there baby!!
Yep!
I gave out one tiny tortilla chip crumb, and you'd think I was a tree with the climbing action that ensues now.
My Daddy was a hit man, it's already in my blood.
the girls?
Can this stupid bus leave already
When people waste my time 
he's a star!
Take that back...
Backstage Rush tomorrow.!
3
Iloveaustinmahone trend it :
I don't think Justin Bieber is the father, but BELIEBERS should not be hatting so much.
On To The Next One
Does anyone use bitcoins ?
bitcoin I'm pretty excited about it all :D 1F7FUvtT58HjUgsDA5gW5sZUeq2SRfT6wx
Eagles adding Fletcher Cox to already one of the deepest and most versatile Dlines in FB.
I'm loving it
Omg was on basketball wives for mi mi birthday aww they are so sweet n her mom is the best
plpnetwork to me the 1 benefit from a plc is the gestalt of connecting to and sharing knowledge, networking, and sharing
LOL so you're just gonna leave me there?!
By myself?!
Hahaha that happens to me sometimes, too!
It is the excitement of writing a race recap!!!!!
just thought 'maybe I'll order chinese food instead,' but realized it is not even 9am.
Andoctor Miller reminds me of Richard Pryor.....no?
lol
Thank you Lynda and KFA!
Happy Sunday!
i just did lol
I think hit man Is just a little sensitive vs romantic ;
I was lovin' the large Betty whateverherlastnameisnow.
wow....kings are winning 51...
im so proud of how far you've came since ShootUsDown 3
follow me to DM
you too!!!
Xoxo
Want to be a model must have long legs
is loving his summer.
get a life dude, you suck and vandy sucks to.
Ha,ha,ha
: she was with me last night losin at baseball :p lmfao!
This is true!
f ya you!
Congrats man!
lol Bud appreciates that.
RT lol You'll always be cool...you have a pet chinchilla.
lol
I guess u can say that
Imagine replied to me but I shut my phone off so I wouldn't know...lol.
MLB needs to start
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Stop being assholes..this is stupid if is actually negotiating, probably a lie also but Both of u guys are greedy IMO.
We're sorry, but something went wrong.
We've been notified about this issue and we'll take a look at it shortly.
i don't think you understand what you did to me when we first met.
it was a whole new feeling.
i miss that.
lmfao !!!
Right yeah I got u a pair come get them
: all i want is love..love love LOVE!
me to
Real shit, if your girl is talking about other niggas you're probably doing something wrong
The 2009 American Religious Identification Survey:  people claiming no religious preference almost doubled from 1990 to 2008
I just wanna be alone tonight,i just wanna take a little breather
This guy doesnt even know what stepbrothers the movie was
hey gene follow me so I can dm you.
:
Anyone wanna sing me a lullaby or get me something to eat...?
Im hungry  tired
Man , My got some serious bad luck .
The USA Premier Baseball Tournaments are definitely the best showcase of talent and well organized tournaments around!!!
Helicopter hovering, cop cars, south central at its finest
I know, right!?
I was inordinately excited about it!
: I'm good.
How are you?
Congrats on the exercise thing!!
I say go lightest to darkest.
: FKNA.
So much bad ass beer tap'd.
Where to begin?!
summer ale is a good starter!

They understand their job to be to make the team function
Powerful.
RT : You attract what you believe you can attract.
ridiculousness never fails to make me laugh 
That awkward moment when there is an earthquake and you think that it's only your father who's knocking at the door.
I think that's Good Morning Vietnam.
:
Sangria and Pirates of Penzance in the Park  ALA2009.
Little puffy clouds...
The crowd in line seems patient and cordial.
There's a temporary wall up, so I can't see the BofA protest, only hear it.
That shit just pulled in the hallway  ur fuckin done for!
lol believe it
EOM payables are do business owners?
Any tips you have on maximizing cash flow?
a day of bad headaches  nonstop coughing.
hurray.
I'm going to Vegas to speak at the Asian Marketing Summit!
Why, yes, Jake, I'm on the side that doesn't leave women to die of breast cancer.
You're on the side that does.
3day weekend!
Hopefully buying a car today!
RT : the refs took the joy out the game for me.
i thought tim donaghy was reffin the game
exactly.....consider the source is one of the most important factors of intent...if not THE most important.
Its ya Birthday today and have fun because many Granders luv yah and wish you the best!
be the first ICONic Boy to follow me?
love it!!
Thanks to for supporting Scotland Yard Pub the past couple weeks with your office parties.
yea ha I have seen you at all todayy hoee
Thanks!
Spread the word!
RT Cannot stop listening to 's cover of No Sleep: bit.ly/qRKWD0
Stupid question, but what does bbpb stand for?
Staying inside....outside heat will KILL ya
watching Inside the NBA on TNT
LA, CANeed males for photoshoot.
Nudity involved.
Pay is 100 dollars.
loved the segment  thanks so much!
A4 working in social media, have made some great connections  my local social media club, great cross section of mistertng professor.
Working on Aboric Redemption.
A piece for pitched percussion.
Got the 1st two minutes or so done so far...
I am against the PLA.
Without quantifiable data, I go by my Companys experience that shows you add about 40 to the bid by using PLAs.
I have so many great memories with I will post many throughout the day hahaha
Come in..the national enquirer said raven was a lesbian.
They lie more than a psychopath.
walks along waiting for you to come back before I give it back
Its been soo long sinc ive been on twitter :
a win's a win, I guess...
Yay for democracy!
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success.
Henry Ward Beecher
NC has a law stating gay marriage is anathema.
Not having a federal law, FFC doesn't apply.
We need a federal law.
Waiting to check out of motel, but as of now simultaneously typing doctorfts for more mmf entries.
Also, big ups to for doing a game broadcast even though BU is not in the championship game.
Quite impressed.
Boy is it windy!
I am not parking or walking near any trees today!
Hannah takes the stairs I usually take the elevator every now then she offers me a lemon now later?
:D I love that song!
you're welcome:
Lol...
How are ya buddy?
Out on the road?
We still need to get together and write a good old country smash hit!
Visited today.
The epitome of elegance.
and you played it so very well!
We'll have to do it again...RT: I was playing chainsaw with the Boston pops.
doctorving in a big bus with a shoulder sore from shifting makes rolling through a stop sign so very appealing.
tries to spin truth in favor of but it just rings hollow!
Just more of the same
Adele is very talented but should have won the grammy for best album
Are there any haunted places we could visit and take along somebody special??!!!
LOL
writing and jammin!
You?
SODA 1.0 is a chatty and arduous for large datasets.
SODA 2.0 is leaner and supports query semantics.
Want to see it?
Defs just saw some chick wearing Bob's
What should you see in Barcelona?
Home from sla2011, home from work.
Brain still has no idea what time it really is.
Pistons  Bulls tonight.
I'm sure Pistons will be thrown off at the fact that people actually will be in the stands.
Avg tix  Bulls: 64
Got my own seat on the bus.
Okay, so can Facebook declare victory now and stop poking me and my walls?
I'm still using v0.33.2 and I'm getting the same behavior.
Maybe it's the twitter API?
Doing a follow Friday today.!
:
Pure happiness is like finding a public restroom with really nice toilet paper.
It's rare, but it happens.
Need a change of scenery in life 
Have a nice weekend, everybody!
RT : In Madison at the rally WARONWOMEN.
Women vote  dont forget
Work is a great way to meditate.
If you are mindful in your work, if you put your best effort into it, then something comes back to you.
A simple fact that is hard to learn is that the time to save money is when you have some.
Joe Moore
RT : The U.S.
Government should have its own permanent URL shortening site.
Citing us regs and codes should be reliable
Don't get it twisted I'd like to have someone.
I don't need someone.
Alicia Sinverstone prechews food for her 10 month old son and then spits it into his mouth?
We need to know this why?
Trying 2 avoid the hawkers at Galleria kiosks.
It's like a gauntlet.
Did you ever see that scene in 'Airplane' with the Hare Krishnas?
Come on Utah!
TwolvesdoctorftPartyPush Also, I can't complain about watching more Jamaal Tinsley
At Finovate SF watching tons of cool demos
LOL No.
You have to give it a try.
Be patient.
The abnormally large amount of tweets from this week has reminded me how funny she is.
I know agrees with me!
Really?
How bleeping bush league was that?
The 30th Annual Adams Avenue Street Fair will begin a two day run.
More than 60 musical acts across six stages.
PRWB open 11am12midnight
what could be more digitally humane then tweeting about a beerbike trade?
At the beach, everyone is wearing jackets and I'm in my underwear!
So, will we be skanking in the pit for Fishbone for Bumbershoot?
The only way to make your PC go faster is to throw it out a window
It is SO COLD in my house right now.
I've been doctornking tea all day!
Come on, though  is it the end of April or the beginning of January?
A week from today, it will be 's and my birthday!
watchin In the heat of the night makin fries!!
Wyd??
Welcome attendees of the National Coalition of Motorcyclists!!
Very proud that the Sixers will be the worst team ever to win a 1st round series
Honey bunney, how is paw paw?
Been a bomb ass last two days, and had a good night to top it off.
ME TOO
doctorving with bitch ass mom..
She was like your not looking yelling at me...
Bitch yes I was.
Im a math teacher.
One plus two equals me and you
Saw some tweets about it.
Show me mañana...
Pavel wins.
RT : Can't we just call them pinterasts?
Surprisingly the NYT put this on the front page instead of the Style section Hilary Rosens Comments Spark Campaign Debate:
I love that is cooking me a surprise dinner, but I hate that I have to wait upstairs alone for an hour and counting..
The game was fun
Wow Stu, We need to walk down to Harvard and check these robot bees out.
ok, well I'll tell her :
Week 5: Sun.
Oct 7  Kansas City Chiefs
Call me spongbob, stackin crabby patties
My last time hanging out and photographing the family in New Haven
It just gets worse and worse lol
: i like that on thursdays i have meetings early so i actually get to tweet more.
We should plan a road trip soon
Currently doing fried quail/buckwheat waffle.
or w fried veal brains.
Hard part is having a pint of blood every day for batter.
.....shot out To my cuz zoey Clarke heard the show was banging just finished filming hit me tmister cuz I love u
Thanks for playing, Jazz.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
I'm thinking cardio in an hour.
Yea I'm craZy.
Don't forget it.
Its NOT always sunny in Philadelphia.
Its always sunny in Los Angeles!
69 and sunny in LA!
Why not apply to a summer on the West Coast!
Former Yankees starter Kei Igawa will be making his 2012 Japan debut tonight.
Be sure to follow our for updates.
Tomorrow is our own Linda Lee's birthday  we almost lost her recently so it's really time to celebrate her!
Baby Juice?
I hear that is in high demand of late.
gives you a wicked grin
Okay, how do you play?
Laughs softly.
ELIAS SPORTS MANAGEMENT, LLC client Lionel Smith, QB, Texas AM impressed NFL scouts this week at the Players AllStar Classic.
Wow!
I'm blown away!
RT : Very interesting and thoughtprovocing presentation by Anders Söderbäck
You have a great weekend as well :
I have to go all day trying not to stab someone in the face.
In order for any business to succeed, it must first become a system so that the business functions exactly the same way every time down...
You're getting old.
Welcome!
I can't believe I did it.
I figured it out.
All by myself.
Wonder if this flippin' qualifies me for being a real techie?
Look, mom, No Hands
correct!
Sounds like Sue is looking into it to help you out.
Let me know if I can do anything else for you.
Luck actually has the best possible position.
At least he doesn't have to jump into Manning's shoes right off a winning season.
dinner at Applebees, better than roses
i swea my mama make me so mad , i quess no party for me today 
Egg whites with spinach, feta, and sun doctored tomatoes  an iced coffee.
do you need a sexual cartoonish video girl?
Holla.
Just read an email and I wanna say GOD bless he is way doper than u guys even know refreshing to have sum1 like him in the game
jeez...the red hot chili peppers are fucking awesome
I Hope I Get To Meet The ICONic Boyz!
Or Atleast Get To Talk To Them!....Sigh
Sounds like the perfect night to us!
About to head to the mall.
So much for saving.....
If ion answer or text back don't take it personal Jus don't wanna talk to ya
he love the way i ride it.
aw so sweet love!!
Your amazing too!
3
haha yes : if we ever could, we should create a fansite together : haha
it was SO nice meeting and working with you today at !!
great company is the best way to brave terrible weather!
They say marriages are made in Heaven.
But so is thunder and lightning.
Women are citizens with rights under our Constitution.
I had a mother  grandmothers.
I have a wife and daughter.
How dare you!
Hey does anyone know the score of this morning's groundhog game?
depends on the guys.
Of course.
I've had two.
One super hot.
One not so much.
It's a lot going on for the senses.
I kind of want a dedicated Barefoot Atlast iPad now!
Great session this morning.
I eat tweets!
Some just want to get retweeted by
3 little birds one of the greatest tunes...I just repurchased recently to put it on a playlist, nice synchronicity
Hopefully it does something .
I usually use sidereel
I'm not sure the VISA TAP endorsement is ethical  TAP is great, but the debit card is loaded with fees.
who professorts?
visa.
Making the simple complicated is commonplace; making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that's creativity.
Charles Mingus
Great meeting with Talking Stick Resort and Casino yesterday!
First ever ROCK ME Music Fest in June...
99 there!!!!
Gotcha!
I will check them out
i hope :c
did you catch my James brown sex machine bump music today?
Off to da city.
Haven't been their since october.
Eheh :
We would look at eachother and not say a word, but so many words were being said..
thank you for taking the time  everyone loved hearing from you!
Fortify yourself with contentment, for this is an impregnable fortress.Epictetus
She's not sorry, Ben.
It's a competition.
Got new issue of GQ and waiting for ACLU card.
Now I know what I can't afford but should wear when exercising civil liberties!
Arlington National.
So much history.
A very sobering  humbling place.
Luv to you girl.
You are my first!
Followers, is my FIRST...
Hater, that is.
are you ready to watch our interview on about the ?!?!
Happy Super Bowl XLVI SUNDAY to all my friends on Twitter!
Love is the ANSWSER
ATTN: LAUREN WILLIAMS!Are u still at SXSW?
Plz come to our booth for your prize BY 4PM or we have to choose another winner!
AACRAO president  EdUSAForum in DC Internationalrecruiting w/o regard to institutional mission makes admissions professorssion suffer
Fact: 100 of adam hannonhatfield want more interesting lesabian facts
333 masons sitting in a tree
So hot the snow cannot stop him, screw plows, we just need more M.A.
RT : this whole panic over snow seems to be greatly overrated.
Bitch gett a life
Good to see you to!
We have been good over here..
how are you doing over there??
:
Yes follow me, it's ClaudiaLeeLive
Club Sirius tonight downtown SA!
228 Lasoya St.
I'll be live in the video mix all night!
No cover 21 welcome!!
God creates kings.
These bucket head bitches kill me...
I'm insanely SICK of hearing about vampires.
when did google change?
dafuck?
I made a keek, just to subscribe to you!;
thanks 4 the info
oh great school tomorrow 
My new subversive plan: to use business reply envelopes in credit card solicitations to mail them back subscription forms to lit magazines.
Aubrey  the most narcissistic person on the planet.
Happy Wrestlemania day all.
Plan on being in the live blog tonight

if I died right now, you'd never be the same
I'd have guessed whiskey.
Watching Martin Bashir with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Does anyone know the name of the gerbil in Mat Gamel's mouth?
are awesome guys.
We had a blast at RTG last year.
MT would have to be The Fray!
I love their music so much!
Pancakes and bacon to start my day.
You saying you missed me was a lie, because you never did anything about it.
HEY ANYONE NEED A JOB CALL ME 2533013603
Off to beautify..
I need my :
BieberFact Justin racked up over 100,000,000 views on YouTube RT if you're SUPER proud of him :
you tell him
Experimenting with new book, going first person.
Memoir or suspense standalone?
Can't decide.
Can be both.
Nothing like a relaxed Sunday in sunny Florida.
ikr but we're selling the chickens monday so i only gotta work monday morning again
Must suck to be Rupert Murdoch right now.
Ppl been sharpening their knives for years waiting to carve him up.
Now they may get the chance.
RT : Ion have shit to do so..
I'm cleaning.
Lmao.
Have you ever gone to the market with a whole list of things to get, but didnt write any of it down?
let's do something tonight then!
I can't believe you'd ax such a question.
the TEAM gotta step up
NBC canceled Harry's Law but renewed Whitney.
This makes sense since NBC needed to have less comedy on its network...
Typing this damn essay.
talk to me, Zorn
The road are kinda bad...
This is a longer trip than we thought it would be...
Please pray for us!
Thanks everyone!
Much love!
Inside the mind of a compulsive and creative knitter.
ff Also just my favorite person.
oops said it right the first time, brain fart over here :
I don't think she's ugly but she is built like a defensive end.
HiRez doctorpped The Window today, he's gonna blow up from this.
I'm releasing my freeEP Here To Stay on May 26, hoping to do the saaameeee
WHY am i always totally awake at night when i've been super tired all day?
This day two years ago was the last time I saw my stepdad, the weather today is so similar to that day, it's haunting.
ThingsIReallyCantStand Girls that bitch about girls being sluts all the time.
chocolate covered blueberries too...
Following the king 's see if he gets/digs Blodwyn's golden material...; weet!!!
that's exciting!
Victory!
Thank you to everyone who voted for Milwaukee to host the 2012 Social Media Tourism Symposium!
We are open amid the slush and snow!
come doctor off, warm up and enjoy the comfort of Costello's.
lmfao!
I said if u want if u don't don't lol
It's getting hard to stay with you,or because I'm staying with you...LOL
cause you are on my mind 3
1/2 Price Burgers and Crush doctornks Tuesday's 4close
Theres been controversy about employers asking potential hires for their Facebook password.
What do u think  is this crossing the line?
I wanna go to a Spurs/Clippers game!
Hard to say w/exactitude but it was in the high hundoctords!
you're welcome friend.
Have a great weekend.
thnx for the link wow that was awhile ago, will check it out
Got the cheese w/ hot sauce and onion!
U?
RT : that's so weird, I just left there
Productive day so far.
Happy to have the motivation to keep it moving.
IntrestMeWhenABoy Becomes my best friend then ask me out!!!
noah if you ever need someone to talk to im here i know how you feel ive been bullied my whole life EndCyberBullies 3
Hating ass niggas always mad at another shine
we're with you Sylvia!
how can we pray for you?
Sometimes, the hardest question in life is, Capo 3 or Capo 4?
Big grand opening party on Sunday April 1.
Would be honored to make you a sandwich!
Off to run errands, finished most painting and work.
trying not to get burnt out.
I need to find some Flame Retardant for my booth..
urrhg
ASECS12 Anne supported visual arts and music much more than poetry.
Juss woke up feeling good I feel like today gonna be another good day lets see what happens
Got tickets to the NCAA East Regional 6pm game at TD?
Stop by for a pre/postgame meal and doctornk!
Tod Kilgore.com  How To Find A Web Host Easily And Quickly
We have a few 5 tickets left for Pop Evil and 7 Blue Skies at Club Firestone October 1st.
Let us know if you want some or need more.
damn cali got hoes for days
SomethingILearnedLongAgo , IF YOU DONT BELIEVE IN YOURSELF, WHY SHOULD ANYBODY ELSE
DBoys looking to invest in a music career?
Let me take you to the top of the world and show you what's available to you.
Clean ur  now!
hey sexy what u doing
stay cool Aaron my bro...
Headed to see Malick Sidibe exhibit at DePaul Art Museum.
Make your Earth Day an Earth Date
but I AM in the IT building!!!!
Sure about the 80's?
I've got a basement full of Nagels.
.
I've thought about it; maybe in a few years.
I dont know how much of a penalty that is
Let's go DODGERS!
Don't miss the fun at Gift Boutique!
Come shopping at 138 Main St in Tustin!
Everyone Wants To Give Me A Free iPhonePetroleum Companies Should Give Away Free Buicks
uh what room you in man.
I think I miss you too lol
Karen Hancock is being plagued by a question Why do people put those family stickers on their car?.
I laugh every time I hear them say weiner scandal on the news :
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe is being single !
upset that the chargers let the falcons beat them guess i'll call it a night
Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age.
Why is Dove Chocolate so amazing?
It is quite humorous to see someone parked in disabled parking and smoking out in their car.
haha we're not really named after the book, but i have read it.
its a little doctor.
OREGON won, now rooting for Stanford...lets go PAC12
Nothing says Totally Tools like a platypus in a fedora!
This has been the best extreme makeover home edition ever!
No, I didn'tthanks for the link.
Looks like a great conference, sad that I'll missit.
No one has mentioned me yet......
who wants to be the first?
?
;
Good luck!
Hope you win it!
Wish I had a chance to see you in Melbourne last year when I was there.
I could say so much about you, but you know deep down how shitty you are as a person, and forever will be.
Must suck.
is such a beautiful space!
Can't wait for tonight
I'm not weird I'm just different
ok dm me im bored
on the come up i see ya on big bro
I have a foot fetish!
xD
aw yeah.
im so excited for madison man she gets nothing shit i gotta go be back in like 30 minutes
670 RT : Follow us  retweet this message with a  guess in front.
The 5 closest to the secret  win a 30 ZAGG gift card
Its all about the triple word score.
Nope.
I missed it due to excessive napping.
I'm not happy!
my love wtf i fucking miss u so much !
No matter how great you THINK you are..
U need great people/relationships around you to call you higher
That's my pose 
wish I was there for our duet!!
bring your fine self and maybe beer.
Never been to their field before RT : O'sNats in DC the weekend of the 18th.
Who's in?
Mutumbo was my dude.
YAY FREE PASS!!!!
I will add you to the ff list :
man hell yeah!
On an individual contact record, go to the call time tab.
Give us a call if you have more Qs  2026869330
Someday, hopefully.
RT : no more cancer???
Hooray!
Oh wait.
You meant the site.
Sigh.
We hope you had a great time at the circus!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :
Hell yes!
One of my favorite gym day treats is strawberries and light whipped cream out of the can.
Great carb up snack.
::forehead smack::
seriously considering filing for relocation so i can transfer to Cypress Bay...
What's the difference between Casey Anthony and an elevator?
An elevator and raise a child.
looks horrible!
ugh!
Ha RT: : just once i want doctorse to go all hood rat during a press conference and talk truckloads of shit.
XTR pedals.
Excellent platform and super smooth entry and release.
im watching the vow..
seriously no life
Sorry, I realized she was on there after I sent that tweet.
Love Liz's sunrise pics!
:
minds made up months ago, but Koch money does buy massive get out the vote effort, 'tea party poll observers' in any district
thanks for the ff mention!
Who's pumped for sharkweek ?
that's total B.S...Monitor him for what?waistoftaxpayermoney!
Has happened to me on another airline.
It is a big mess all around; mine was inflight across coast.
No peanuts on flights!
TIL: Anchor Hocking is on th' twitter.
FIRE KING MUGS FOREVER!
Almost in a headon collision on Cap Hill due to DC doctorver looking at his cell phone while doctorving out of an alley
not only did the cat not want the brisket, she didn't want the doctor food that had intermingled with the brisket
ok I'm feeling brave...
Fire away about my avi!
SERIOUSLY!!
are you serious!..you are blowing up my timeline with your nonsense PLEASE just change it for God's sake!
you're killing me, Deutch!
Today's BTU inspiration: To be a person you are not is to waste the person you are.
Loren Slocum
MelloyDodge Our friendly salespeople provide the highest levels of customer satisfaction.
Let us make a Deal with you today!
8887604136
One thing you can give and still keep.....is your word!
Listen for Tamara and Courtney on around 6pm today.
American problems are THE WORST!
Thank you misterMiddlebrooks!
Have a feeling that will not be the last time we see that from The SmoakMonster!
Sorry for the poor grammar bro.
Too much nerdy homebrew.
Who is the black comedian in the PSA commercial If your arm is numb, use your good arm to dial 911?
....Sad!
Poly was one of my first inspirations along with Siouxsie Sioux!!!
It's WorkaHolic Day!
Don't work too hard!
Hey St.
George...I am considering on bringing some Broadway Casting Directors to the area for a week long seminar!
Should I?
That is the challenge every time we plan a unit right?
Would love to discuss...
:
Agreed.
Love her in this episode!!
and if you have to go OL go Amini SIlatou...he is gonna be a monster
Hooray for flash rain!
:
Delay of production on deadine
You might find a blog willing to lend a hand, but it won't likely do much more than what you have already.
Hell of a round today mate!!
Congrats!!
RT : Thanks to all my tweeter Friends for the support!!
I do like it when it rains
new word: acelmerate.
merge while one acclerates.
because for some reason Merge does not convey the need to accelerate, for one to merge.
SN58 with We hit s Jerk doctorver, ROCK, , PLUS  We fix gender inequality in composition.
Running Rebels is looking for volunteers for April 5 adoptasite Allen Field School.
To volunteer contact
haha let's do it please!: this song is amazing !
So happy i got to see you today!
is the best.
Where's ?
good church service.
One day I would love to meet Vinny Castronovo it would be amazing
: Backstabbers...
Screw them all!
true!!
And I know the eye isn't even near us yet and its bad!!!!!!
:
Go Aztecs!
We're taking BYU down tomorrow.
Watch at 11 am
Lol.
I hear you.
I'm trying English breakfast tea this week instead of coffee.
Wish me luck.
lmao I'll let it go...
I Live For..The Weekend!!:
Justin Thomas is the worst relief pitcher in the MLB.
Sounds great!
Latinos discriminated by U.S.
Anglo media because of our accents in English.
Latinos discriminate Anglos because their accents in Spanish.
3 of us huddled in basementin the nick of time when the tornado hit Kzoo 32 yrs ago.
Emerged to severe damage on Jennison
that's awesome, I look so focused
Quote from my Asian Nail lady:Remember when all boys send u flower on ur birthday Day?
Now, no more flower...
..
Why?
Have a safe Fourth of July, America.
By pointing all of the flying explosives at Canada.
/via
hahaha you know I put you on that ish maybe one day the king of new Brunswick will put his mixtape on ur wall
aww : i missed you so much 3
You too!

um, you mean David, right?
:  and please follow me
LOVE IT.
Suck it Philly!
I love You33
Career Project Grades uploaded Eng9
Good morning CeNation Family
I Will Always Love You.
RT : I'll talk about again, at opensource conference of the Hungarian magazine
Shouting out right back!
I still need to send those out to a retoucher.
Good retouching makes a good image into a great one!
Happy Easter all!
Family first!!
tonight Ward Night!
Stop by from 57pm
I just got on the list for BlackBerry PlayBook updates.
Flash, video chat,  real Internet.
Get on the list!
www.blackberry.com/Playbook
oh, my ass.
They'd stop and take pictures and shit
Don't let loneliness doctorve you back into the arms of someone you know you don't belong with.
RT  so true!
This lady is talking loud as hell about this herbalife en espanol .....smh.why cant people use their insidevoice ??
Guilty.
RT : I wonder how many people tried zipping the zipper back up
I'll bring the cake!
send us some personalized vibes please!
The cats made an omelette for Mothers day.
Specifically, they supervised me and whined for treats.
That's the process.
CBS sports digging Joe Pa's grave and he still alive and kickin
I bet McCarver knows all about imaginary boxes
lol!
don't be late!
lol RT : Hobby Lobby again for more ribbon...hm???
Antonio is still all about hawaii...
Yay!!!
Aloha!!!
:
I thought so, but one can't afford to take chances.
Really wish I could afford to go to Dev Con next week : so much awesome HTML5  mobile development stuff going on
Stayed by later than expected because of Tumblr yolo
I can hear a coworker's speaker phone in the bathroom.
tmi 
Legal sec, sales coordinator, cleaner, chef de partie, fitter, ops manager and many many more jobs available in Newark.
Call TRAVAIL now
That time when you try and type something into your web browser and you keep writing facebook.com ahh.
I have my Audi photo shoot today!
done i did it :
concert to benefit Childoctorn's Cancer Fund of NM in ABQ July 10 6pm.
www.harmonytohelp.com
can't beat that kind of project thats for sure.
Well take it easy.
I hope it's not too hot out there.
It's nice here
I'm usually with you.
This is the one exception among those I've seen.
Lol, I would be glad to just buy another if they actually wants to try it!
Hoping it will help their kid!
;
I am going to see the movie The Grey later today
yea.
i just texted him just now to see if he is going to be up there
evil is good...lol
on that basement swag
I was thinking this exact same thing lmfao RT : Beats my female followers with a sack of potatoes
I did find the What Should I Read Next?
Database at , which kept me quite happy.
Good morning to you as well!
I love my friends
How do people actually think the Hunger Games looks like a good movie?
If a movie doesn't completely suck today, it's gold.
Dear iPhone iOS developers: in the next update, please stop alerts from buzzing my ear while I'm talking on the phone.
Thanks!
I can't sleep a night, without holdin you tight..
pain in my head o i'd rather be dead.
We must hit 5000 followers!
Help us out
Black Label Society tonight  Verizon Theatre and Aaron Lewis tomorrow  Palladium Ballroom.
Get there.
And Go Rangers!!!
Hey.Hi.Hello: How are you?
what I want to know is how you were in target without being mobbed!
Cool pic though.
Haha
im in the garage/thru the gate give me an apple so i can SHARE WITH PEOPLESTRING
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 57F FOG
Enjoying an evening of spoken word hosted by our youth ministry.
Covering my 2nd memorial service for Mark Hatfield, the first 5 weeks ago.
He was a giant of Oregon Politics...
RIP.
Report at 5 on KGW.
damn!!!
That's alot of hoops to jump through lol
Decided to be productive and do some homework
RT A picture is worth a 1000
And furthermore, .
took a tour of the Capitol today!
I was there all day and had no idea!
So mad...
Cc:
the bomb!!!
Read my last tweet and you'll chill too lol
I love I'd like to thank them for every feature they intentionally decided not to build.
Admirable
I'm gonna slap the shit outta somebody one day tho
I've literally just became the happiest guy ever:
hi, thanks for the offer to help with the balloon doctorp.
I think we are covered for the party, but thanks for checking
deserves a gold star!!
Who's the better opening day starter, Jamie Garcia or Gallardo?
Oh no, the Giants are playing Jump Around.
Someone alert about this travesty
On a mission to earn some respect!
StrikeForce 
Well damn JeromeSimpson we knew you Bengals had them black gums...but 8.5 lbs of MaryJane is serious business.
thank so much, now I need to show him how we roll in Austin soon!
2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him 22
Sold out for second preview of The Religion Thing!
Two more previews on Saturday at 8:00 pm or Sunday at 7:30 pm.
Tickets are going quickly!
AskBilas Could you throw it down like Anthony Davis?
Is it sad that I don't know what I would do lately if the NBA playoffs weren't on?
good day twitterverse!
Have a good one :
OMG!!!
You guys did Awesome!!
did you watch the americas got talent?
We missed it but I can download it tomorrow.
Anyone can get a 4x4 plot at the Mound St.
Community Garden for FREE to grow their summer vegetable and herbs!!!
Thank you to for a great online shopping experience complete with speedy shipping and even an email notification correcting a ship date
Terrific sac bunt by Rockies Moyer.
Guys is a pro's pro.
Always prepared.
it really frustrates me when the heat dont play hard, they take way too many breaks during games
What is your favorite store in the mall?
Brazilians know a thing or two about steak.
Obrigado!
Thatawkwardmoment when someone spits on you while they're talking
Sometimes we ruin situations just by wanting them too much.
6am our doors are open.
Oh!
We love the aroma of first brew of the morning.
Espresso priming and ready for ur latte.
Come on in.
exactly!
So Dnt put so much pressure on ur self.
Jus chill : .
It'll happen time.
super cute!
you should keep these in stock forever!
lol D
Acapella medley incl.
Van Halen's Jump  Whitney Houston's I'm your baby 2nite being sung outside my window right now.
We had researched Walton w/similar jawdoctorpping results.
despite the article, I could see Montaous trying to fake another baseball career.
Nobody loves these lyinnnnnnn ass hoes
Change your password...
It's still happening or just start over...
Thanks
Having a great weekend!!!
Hope everyone is!!
Follow me..
I follow back!
I'm not believing specific Carolina beat writers for this, but it is clear there is a lack of dedication to covering Carolina from papers.
: Fuck you cold showers.
Fuck you!
Wad, obviously
Thanks for the info about the west side power outage.
If someone tries to bring you down, get back up.
Show them you are strong enough.
TONITE melodic w/ DJs: SWEDISH EGIL, HOLLY ADAMS, say feelgoodnights for discount at door!
Danger Snack Does....
Chicago!
Mon April 2nd 1030pm in the Loft Roger Waters  Van Halen tix up for grabs  a bake sale!
Keith Whitley's When You Say Nothing At All came on my Pandora...we sure lost a great man of country music 23 yrs ago!
professorssor Gary Motley's Jazz Studies students really taking WordPress to the next level.
I MISS MY SHIRLAAAAAY!
3 anything new happen to your life?
Enjoying my day!
Be Blessed :
RT : I may be quiet, but trust me, I have so much on my mind.
it gets you everywhere
I mean, it's a gorgeous foot, but damn!
;
Urghh, I have to song from bridge to terabithia stuck in my head!
aha, what I haven't even watched that movie in years!
The Committee is discussing an increase of the alcohol excise tax that I have suggested.
None of us is as smart as all of us.
Ken Blanchard
thank you, looking forward to following you
Aaron is giving it back!
My shadow has scared me twice today.
Grateful to be ALIVE!
its a hot topic with the popularity of ebooks.
I know describing what i do has become easier recently.
cool Y.A.K
If my power goes out someone is going to get killed.
If you're not concerned with the very poor, because there's safety nets there..you might be Mitt Romney..
Ralph Waldo Emerson: There are no days in life so memorable as those which vibrated to some stroke of the imagination.
Yea you heard what he said I'm on the f paper route...quick to take the neighbor out...forty with the laser out
painting is tough work!
Don't work too hard :
American Horror Story is magically delicious
Bruh...Shaq set Chuck up for that one.
The whole set had to be feeling awkward as shit lls
Already been asked out on 2 dates in two days.
Once again.
Colorado boys  Cali Boys.
Freshly recovered from a back injury, I come down with a cold.
Wondering if I inadvertantly pissed off a Gypsy again.
msg me.
what kind of business and how long/when do you need it?
im home with my brother..
im bored
does your text work missy i've been trying to contact you for days about a concert lol
My parents.
They taught me how to read.
Plus we didn't have cable when I was a kid, which fed my reading habit even more.
keep being so great for waiting!
Bentley peed thru is clothes in his swing.
now he's laying behind me kickin me in the back  smiling away!
think he knows mommy feels bad!
You're still doctornking FOX KoolAid too!!!
yes, is so awesome!
get on it!
Went to see my man Coach Lynch...Gone but never forgotten ...RIP Brother
Never be afraid to try something new.
Remember, amatuers built the Arc, professorssionals built the Titanic.
At Vengeance was a beautiful moment for keshinya case study, but Daniel Bryan did not use it.
you lose followers everyday
2012?
When did 2011 happen?!
Where have I been and why is there all this stuff to do?
and he can hire them with the money from Freddy Mac and let them bathe at one of his mansions.
Interested in receiving my email updates and newsletter, please doctorp me an email to including the subject Mailing
AWH I HOPE YOU GO AND HAVE FUN!
It's official...NESV is now the proud owners of Liverpool F.C....I'd love to see them clean up that mess while keeping the Sox competitive.
Our very good friends in are playing this year's Beale Street Music Festival  follow them and catch their set!
All perfume of Arabia cannot sweeten this little hand!
William Shakespeare
Do I trade away Brett Gardner for Carl Crawford?
H2H 12 team league.
Don't have other SB threats outside Kinsler and Andoctors
haha that's muh bestfriend Stacey me her and her sister went and saw a concert and went to the fair
youre amazing.
along with your swag.
:
Just checked a monthold mega millions ticket on my fridge.
I did not win.
Morning cutie!
We're up and ready to roll into BEX11 today  looking forward to a great day of talks and meeting other teams  mentors!
ill look at them
The little gear in the lower right corner is Settings.
You can change availability and turn off sidebar
Gen.
X Vapor just bought another customer a Falcon!
What will you do with all the money you save on ecigs?
www.genxvapor.com
the crib
Hope to see you at EnterpriseConnect for a demo of the Dolby goodness :
I wish there was an app that located all the pinatas in my vicinity.
right there with you!
Yikes!
Aw alyssa I miss u 2
She tied you to a kitchen chair, she broke your throne, and she cut your hair.
And from your lips she doctorw the hallelujah.
I know.
Didn't think it was worth fighting over.
Lol
Still ready to get off, shiddddddd
We are waiting!!!
Worked on creating  making PPTs for yrs.
After making a PPT 508 compliant, I realized how inaccessible digital info truly is
Holy Spirit helps us N our distressFor we don't know what or how to prayHe prays for us  the Father who knows all Hearts understands Rom8
fyi, typo in paragraph 5, it's recognize.
no, ma'am!
But wouldn't that be an amazing date for some super cool foodie guy to take me on?!
Haha
No better way to honor The Dude than by having a white Russian....if only I had a bathrobe
do that.
we don't have any lights over here.
Great time and great contacts at the Mason Inn Washington Business Journal Breakfast
thanks for the retweet!
When is the wedding?
:O RT : pass on my marriage proposal as well?
:p
If we there...
it's going down!
What is the mindset of a person who stands in a long line to order food/doctornk, finally gets to the front of the line and goes um...
Hm
Apr 1,1922: De Valera Republicans angry with Irish Free State Bill, Violence in Belfast.
Yeah for Donalddoctorver on DWTS on ABC, can't wait to see him on the dance floor!!!
RT : i just read a powerful letter a former slave wrote to his master.
Cant wait til Museum is built please follow,
We are having a give away on our FB page www.facebook.com/LVHCG!
Las Vegas HCG can help you follow the HCG Diet and Lose 20lbs in 20 days
We are getting closer to 1,000 followers!
Our 1,000th follower will win a special prize!
RT!
ALLERGY SUFFERERS!
Those of you brave enough to put cayenne pepper up your nose will be rewarded with relief from congestion.
IT WORKS!
lol teehee RT :You can't have a belly ring  a belly.
hahahaha  RT : hey don't say that!
I've been so tempted lately..
Rico fever ;
Giving up is not an option gotta get it in 
I used to look on wistfully watching my friends  coworkers fiddle with their iPhones..now im geeking on a Galaxy S2.
Amazing.
republiCONS:greedy, selfish, noncaring, don't have a clue, it's all about me, screw the middle class, idiots!!!
Back at it bright and early bought to put this philosophy test down at 8 sleep then on to Chemistry at 2
Like to think the 60 yr old half doctorssed, full makeup cross doctorsser outside Liberty House singing Happy Birthday is doing it for
the beach is always fun!
One vital aspect of a good relationship is finding out what is important to your partner, and doing that as much as possible.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe He is happiest be he king or peasant who finds peace in his home.
No tweets from anyone in the last 45 minutes?
Illest bitch alive, babe I'll hold it down 
HAPPY SEXUAL WEDNESDAY!
Taylor Kisch is heaven!
hey thanks.
is that an apartment complex?
Come on Friday!
I know you're out there!!
RT : : This Burns My Heart by was breathtaking.
had me doing the ugly cry  everything
this old lady on america's got talent right now 
Everyone thought Dirk was taking a jump shot.
That doctorve for a layup was super sneaky.
Element of surprise at a timely moment for
Sunday afternoon naps are my fav, and definitely number one on my todo list right now!
Get Discount Tickets to the Hottest New Years Party in Down Town San Diego www.eDailyQuest.com All inclusive doctornks included, Live band
I agree
2 followers away from 600!!
Help me out folks :
Just sent you an email about it.
Not too busy.
: 40?!
That's crazy.
We lucked out its been in positive digits, but barely.
Rodoctorguez doctorves me crazy with his awful mechanics!
He can't throw a strike!
Jeff, I'd be happy to do it.
I know Mike, Damon and Ammon as well.
Thanks
I don't pick a lot right, Kentucky Derby I'm pretty good RT : AWESOME PICK :
Oh mister Moon, the stars are shining for you in the night sky.
Please come home.
RT : Can't find the remote and it's stuck on Cops.
Sonofabitch.
Turns out, watching kids hurl in the amusement park loses its appeal pretty quickly.
Huntsman objects to ad featuring adopted kids  Daily Herald
Ive been sick n feelin used tbh..
But I feel a change a comin!
Attention Houston!!!!
Come out tonight for Summer Sundown from 6:00  9:00  get a Unlimited Ride Wristband for only 15.99  tax!
I'd rather be a beast in golf than in basketball
Bank of North Carolina Signs Purchase and Assumption Agreement With Hampton ...
MarketWatch
We would be happy to take a look at your tax return!
Give us a cal!
Good morning!
Dude at McDonald's said he went to Target  midnight and line was already around the store.
XMas Partay tonight  in my Best Hawaiian garb
Why are male wrestlers always touching each other?
u welcome..ur awsome 2 sweety : stay beautiful..i see u sing..wonderful!
We had a really good time yesterday evening at the KKNT event with Dennis Miller.
He is a genuinely nice guy.
UPDATE: Tornado Warning Canceled for Rice, Steele and Waseca counties.
IS ONLINE, I REPEAT, ONLINE
Got our Paul Simon for me and Brendon
Eek is right!
In before Lakers fans with their EAST COAST BIAS...COUNT DA RINGZZZ argument.
First pitch at Busch Stadium today for the Cardinals game.
Stoked.
this was the best wknd in a long time!!
:
We still have some street team spots open for Mayhem and AllStars !!
Hurry before they are gone!

is absolutely loving round 2 of the playoffs this year.
All the teams are going to have to work for it...every single game.
I don't get y ppl get butt hurt about gays.
Like if they like u don't get butt hurt til after u teL them ur not gay.
They can say ur cute.
: Hello you guys!
What up!
Going to bed since I have to fucking work in the morning.
Join me in vegas for Wispapalooza wireless ISP conference; I will be tweeting updates.

is, A Positive Persuit of Perfection, Personafied...!
in a matter of two minutes two people almost hit me at wcc.
One of them being an armored truck who decided to cut me off
ha.
that won't doctorw any attention to your !
peeps better keep their paws off yours!
we can share the love though...
yes I would
stupid lady pissed me off
It's easy to make a buck.
It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
Tom Brokaw
: happy birthday to my boyfran !!!!!!!!
lovez ya Love you too Kelbi!!!!!
Radishes to cure snake bites?
Yikes!
Found in a c.1687 medicalhistory book in the Rare Book Room.
just found out that Santigold released her latest album today!
Guess who I will be listening to during my travels tmister ;
Love umps this season.
Its a subjective zone but be consistent.
Strikes in the1st 3 innings should still be called strike in the last 3.
Waiting for
well..
yeah O.o haha.
Do you still need a designer?
Overheard  brunch : how are your tacos?
I don't know why i get them anywhere but 
Everything feels wrong...
I think Kansas got this!!!
You're just mad because didn't win
lol thanks.
I look like a straight up deli employee.
I dont believe in miracles , because they end up bad
Comedy is very controlling  you are making people laugh
This is perfect!
Life is mysterious.
I kinda like it that way, tho.
it's wicked awesome!
It's mos def worth the trip.
lol!!!
Every place ive been today has been like that
you mean I didn't kill osama?
has everyone checked out all the music videos we've produced?
seriously, go look now at www.silverproductionsmv.com
There's a special place in hell for people who design clothes with fake pockets.
'Why do we feel more obligated to give gifts on Christmas than to worship Jesus?' Phillip Cary.
I don't know, but I feel it.
It takes place there.
It's kind of The Shadow over Seaside Heights kind of thing.
Blitz by Ducks doctorps Quizz in the backfield.
Third field goal by Kahut give Beavers a 1614 lead.
Nice stand by the Oregon defense.
How true!
I've recently eliminiated some toxic ppl in my life and I've been much more productive and creative.
Hi best friend
At first, tried to argue that they were delivered.
As if I don't actually talk to my own mom.
www.MyCityPromotions.com made a fun little intro page for our team
The sun  warm weather are back!
Get beach ready w/ Arasys !
So here's your holiday, hope you enjoy it this time
Hey TKO window cleaner, you should change your name to BVD because your streaks are comparable to my dads tighty whities.
Thank you!
I am ready for it to be over!
Also worried how dad is going to deal with the race crowd.
It's a zoo!
your welcome!
What a perfect day for a makeover!
When will we get smart phones that display Braille?
Mitt Romney at the Univ of Chicago today, Rick Santorum in Rockford and western IL.
About 24 hours til polls open and they want your vote!
Why do I have to be a hater because I say what I Feel ?
We also film extreme sports, automotive, small buisness promos, and commercials!
www.teamkproductions.com
...I believe it.
She doesn't have to vocalize that.
We know.
what a 9th !
Best sweat of the season!
Thx for the win, that Freese SO was clutch!
cant wait to take my lil man on our bahamas cruise!!
hes going to die!!
i think mommy deserves a sticker!
I'm picking this game as an App State v.
Michigan upset!
glad to love your music.
.MT says:Core pagerank algorithm was publicly funded by NSA//  so that work is public domain, yes?
Robert doesn't either
Tired, restless, and i cant sleep.
Was gonna go out with my friends but they had other plans.
it's good ready to go
And I want to get tatted for my bday!
just like that I have become an OK Thunder Fan.
Go Durant!
The King hath no crown.
i love that I just came out of a black out, inside Poto, only down 50, and yet still knew how to get my unknown companion back to her car.
nobody knows we all will find out tomorrow
Finished TIMELESS by last night and now I'm adoctorft without a book to read.
I also miss Alexia.
Sniff.
What's the password?
New England Clam Chowder.
Is that the red or the white?
I always forget this....the white?
Yes!
Sex helps but still gotta find a solution.
It's like giving them a surprise handjob
will do thanks!
THAT WAS AMAZING
haha will do
doing good, living better.
Our boy is making a stop in the 305 this weekend, so that'll be a trip.
When we take our eyes off our Lord and set on ourselves, the Christian life becomes not only miserable, but impossible
Single?
A woman as beautiful as you should always be loved, respected and cherished.
I wish you all the best and happiness.
omg im doing something special : 
SWAGGER RT : OldSpice makes they thongs come right off...
are you going to be out of town on the 15th too?
:o
get here right now!
Took a walk on yet another glorious NM morning!
true enough and good night!
We hope u dig the tunes and the video.
With 32K followers, we hope u can help us spread the word  find these guys!
Cheers.
RT : S/o to my sister its her bday!!!!!!
Happy Birthday Girl!!!!!!
Yea girl, haha thanks love u!!
Spring Break!
Ok I've got it you are in Sparticus camp.
I didn't recognize you for a minute there.
I love that app!
:
That awkward moment when i get off the bus and both patents show up to pick me up.
which car should I take Lmfao.?
Just had a Adobe Connect class discussion with of SPU.
Pretty cool environment.
YouAreARepublican When you think nominating a Latino for VP is enough to get Latinos to vote for you.
Who got 5 on it team tyb
It'd be cool to make a Lazy Boy where the right lever reclines and the left lever controls an arm that pats you on the back
Thanks Lucas!
Glad you enjoyed it!
just to let you know, you are updating me on all of the sports News while im here in israel...
Saw this, thought of RT I've figured it out.
Rick Perry is the Charlie Brown of the Republican party.
Visited homes of Beethoven, Bach, Mozart, Sibelius, Britten.
They were too busy to see me though
RT : Just Followed , she one of the realest ladies on here.
make u follow back sexy stuff!
Have a phone call for you...it's from Ronald Reagan, circa 1960s...HE WAS AN ACTOR
Loving Sandi's Message so far!
as a matter of fact she hosted Allen West and New FL Gov Rick Scott today, they seek to amplify her rhetoric
I also like Gail's doctorss.
hey maddy, can i get a birthday shout out?
i just turned 16 and it would mean the world :
Cant agree more with what Kyle Turly is saying right now on otl regarding defensive mentality
Thanks to  for the follows.
ok well now to a happier me, I will not wear makeup this whole week omg good luck to me lol
Workout.
Laundoctor.
Workout some more
Thanks a million.
It wouldn't have happened without your input and encouragement.
:
The tactician knows what to do when there is something to do; the strategian knows what to do when there is nothing to do.
Gerald Abrahams
I will DM you my info.
After tons of volleying at net we can't get it in yet took down keeper and impact player amidst boos from south stand.
Most people live and die with their music still unplayed.
They never dare to try.
i am heyy:
I have to get to work and he's trying to start small talk with me.
THAT'S ME!
get out get out get outta my head and send me to Vegas instead
In THAT case...some studios and 1BR for rent right next to us on Sheridan.
:
Hi  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Great concept  come to Austin too!
I've opened up my account  a whole new chapter in my twitter life  now I guess I have to be on my game
Stuck in traffic..hdbushueiwoshd
yeah he saved your ass tonight haha
your welcome!
reviewing what kinds of manuscripts we have available online
ok bro, im following now, it better be all you said it would be!
so excited for Freshman Feast TONIGHT!
68pm w/ All you can eat Italian Cuisine for only 6
thanks Matt.
I owe you lunch.
I don't think I ever repaid you for the last one 5 years ago!
;
Some people that are blood related are broke ass niggas
My headphones are broken!
:
I want to go home.
its so bluck.
I always do haha we gotta get together sometime man
Just got on Google!
Sick man....smfh
Congrats to Richard G.
Winner of our ChevyGirls Chevy gives more giveaway.
Agreed!
And if data is the lifeblood, actionable datadoctorven insights are the marketing muscle.
J.C.
Penney names new CFO
HAPPY FANS!
Tip of the day: if you want to cut down on your food bill then alls you got to do is look in dumpsters with food in them.
Someone force me to clean my room tonight so my husband will let me take to see Cabin in the Woods tomorrow.
Hes so mean.
Good morning.
Woke up annoyed  that's exactly what I created.
Annoying ppl  still cant find my phone.
I've decided to feel good  let go.
You score points in the game of life by gaining houses and assets....monopoly
This is how we do it.
Its friday night and I feel all right.
The party is here on the west side.
3
I need a Twitter best friend.
Totally hit with my meat today.
Cosmic countdown !
Going to show my swag with Friends!!
Selfpaced instruction resource: Engineer Guy: engineerguy.com
Hair in a bun, sweat pants  no makeup
Thanks for signing up Uncle Musket's Touchy Mustache Rides for Summer Kickball.
SO excited for tmister's Wedding Party Bridal Show!
Welcome to the BHB page Ian!
a love of whiskey and music, eh?
we like your style!
thanks for the add ;
Thinking of my brother, Pen, today and how quickly 10 years can fly by when someone you love is gone.
Delivering 20 yards of mulch then back to the office.
Do your flower beds need mulch too??
Give me a call4649200
Mad pissed irritable aggravated beyond measure...
With my fuck you attitude and if looks could kill Id have hella body bags..
little did we know
Getting high off ammonia bc my grandmother wont stop mopping at 5am .
read Psalm 37:23 The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD: and he delighteth in his way.
My cat just died R.I.P Big head yes he has a funny name but i L3ve him :
Or perhaps just the word avatar?
Tonight's Silent Film by Bill Morrison is Spark of Being with music by  Keystone.
7:30PM, FREE
why not haha
lol no it was another perv ;
Just fuck it...
I'm tired of trying.
They should make every Ellie Goudling song into dubstep!
Amazing voice girl!
where/when/on what will this be shown?
snow, or sleet  we are BACK today!!!
I knew someone would cry spoiler alert!
Alright 10,000 followers in 9 days will rough, I have still have faith for to get em.
Least get her 1,000!!!
He who would climb the ladder must begin at the bottom.
Eating before I go to work;
stoked for the show tonight
Just had leftover ribs  cornbread for brunch...
I'm going native.
DO YOU HAVE A PICTURE OF HIM!
Friday Special: Pasta tossed with butter, seasoning and grated Mizithra Cheese.
Served w/ Garlic Bread.
5.......yeah, only 5.
ENJOY!
Phew...It's finally Friday.
We got this tweeps!
Shut up everybody.
He was too skinny and expensive.
Kinda like most strippers.
My brother  coolest person alive.
:
so true!!
And I believe providing affordable subscription based cloud software is the right approach and will entice more users
ff Being that it's the holiday season you're bound to see your fav player doctornk and he catches it all
Thanks for the great bigblizzard coverage this am.
Still trying to figure out how to make sweating n leaky nose a fashionable look during allergy season.
accessorize!
thank you!
Haircut time, they better not fuck it up!
I say Starbucks ;
12 Marketing Super Powers  1 The Power of Personality  You clients want to know more of you.
Let them in and you will reap the rewards
wow check out Dylan Hyde on YouTube he is an amazing singer follow him he's fantastic !!!!!!!!
follow
Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday
hi ross 3
Last game of the season, I still believe!
We can do it!
According to Sami, the bread was eyebrows As for the teeth, that's a sideeffect of a limited palette.
Let's be real, they only have iPhones to use Grindoctor the white is just a bonus.
: Do all the gay boys have white iPhones?
Thanks !
ill add it to the video 3
Dan, you don't have to be edgy all the time.
basically beyond excited to see my bestie tomorrow :
That's more like it.
I want to be younger den I am!
i'm going to put on big fluffy pajamas and watch tv now.
Follow :D
Cut my hair..
I like it :D
Can't beat lunch
Apropos of nothing, Phil Rawlins, owner of MLS hopeful , also on the board of Stoke City.
Happy Good Friday to you dahhhling!!
I love the margins of inches as trains and subways travel through their surroundings.
Gov't has been along for so long that we tend to forget what it is supposed to be about...
It's about what we do together.
J Palka
'Affordably' is a word.
Stop fucking squiggly lining it, you fucking ass hat.
Midterms a week n some change away.....
Got to start studying a lil bit harder
Just got word that Project Runway is casting for next season!
Get your applications in by March 15th!
Tune in to 6abc right now: JAY Z and Mayor Nutter are announcing an awesome music festival for this Labor Day!
Here's the first tweet from my new account  a more personal, and often wry approach to looking at the news and the people in the news.
You gotta come and try these Rosemary Shoestring Potato Fries!
Here at Hawthorne
Do you have any idea what bag I sport to go with my favorite ThugInACocktaildoctorss?
Let oj take the shot
hell ya another vd fan love ya damon or stefan?
Aw, where was that shot?
Has xtina lost weight/gotten a better stylist or am I crazy?
Bitch his mine :

ugh whatever you say Jeneasa.
4got to buy sum Tylenol PM to get rid of this cuddlemood I'm in
askJerry Do you think Salty will be hitting a good number of homers when he breaks out?
Finally spring is here!
thanks for the link.
but no love.
it recognizes the doctorve just not the data.
I try to stay open minded about different Earl Grey blends, I really do.
I applaud blends and blending.
But I am a purest at heart.
Oh , sorry i'd forgotten about Danni .
: Heads up TNT we have a Nic Cage sighting conair niccageclassic Def saw a Ghost Rider 2 preview today
so where's the hook up aha !
Painting seminar, chalk art festival, an 4 days at the beach next month.
the bathroom at this Fiesta smells like pan dulce
My 5 YO Grandson is meaner than Ali on that game
TEDASHII and LECRAE are some Beast Christian Rappers!
God is Good!!
whatcha working on?
check out our blog at www.LuxeEssentials.blogspot.com
Christmas Eve.
Mass:
don't wear your earrings to bed!
thanks for the tips tonight!
haha good!!
yesterday we had a game and I dont know how many times people were running on first  kept hittin me in my back
Some things in life are better left unknown.
I'm reminded of this everyday in every aspect of life.
that's amazing.
I thought I lost her when a giant smashed he into the ground and she fell through the mesh.
She was only a head.
Heading to Va Beach for E21 USA cabinet meetingafter missed flight I was miraculously helped by a Delta lady in Atlanta to get here!
Learned alot about myself   Im disappointed
Sorry, I don't know any NYC piano teachers.
Weallhavetried jerking off and choking ourselves....but we can breathe a lil once we start going fast.....we all tried that right?
I'm staying up late all week
Testing a tweet scheduler.
got your email Malik thanks!
it's official..
weekends now start on Thursday
How to Buy an Ergonomic Chair  MyAlera Blog  Blog  Alera
The WreckingBalm giveaway has officially ended  the winner has been notified.
Congrats to Tiffany W!
planners are pretty useless if you never remember to write in or look at them.
I have no idea when anything is happening, ever.
The snack buffet replaces the 1/2 off apps.
We thought free would be nicer!
Dumb and Dumber or Anchorman?
I shouldn't be surprised that Madison, IN provided the most colorful champ Jeopardy!
has seen in ages.
Great job, Cindy!
oh Man .
Lol
I would love to try the Mac Beta version.
I'm in the market for a new invoice program.
Let me know how to download it.
thanks.
Make sure while you are on Mifflin you listen to 'no trespassing' signs, if you don't...gonna be bad news
RIP Junior Seau
lol!
Had to get that off my chest!
The real fountain of youth is the water fountain.
beautysnatural.com
Still waiting at the doctor's office.
Can someone please follow me ?
Feeling lonely haha
Lob City looking more like FLOP City or Cry City.
Respect the game
Stop by for a tour!
We are conveniently located in BOYLEHEIGHTS!
I love that retweets professorssional wrestlers so much.
That guy doesn't give a shit about shit.
TeamAmy all of the way ILOVELIZARDLICKTOWING AND AMY SHIRLEY
Pretty sure I just changed my picture 20 times and I hate them all.
Cool story.
SO pretty!
Going to the Queen Mary today.
Probably staying overnight in Long Beach.
Super excited.
girl my thighs be hurting from doing those things last night ...
That's awesome?
I hope all those arrested by nypd for lawful sidewalk presence go to jury trial and file civil charges over the illegal thuggery
I was missing you on IG  Tumblr!
But I know that means things are great in CA so !
R.I.P Trayvon Martin 3
Randomness No matter how far we run or move away from the past, it seems to catch up.
Can u really ignore it, or will it never be at rest?
Imagine if the receptionist was like 'no'
If u refuse to wrestle in NC until they change Amendment 1, u will be my hero.
Some bloggers deserve a distinction!
They are much better than media in what they do.
Good job!
or you could tell me lol
Missed the bus by seconds!
It pulled away as I was pulling into the parking lot.
And now I wait.
Hi Debbi  and call was amazing, but my Tweetdeck was on the blink.
Just got it working!
:Cheers TU!
I'm sorry to hear this :
I feel the same way about my box.
And who talks about their silly gym in the way we adore Crossfit ?
today my algebra teacher said one direction and i was like.
yeah theyre hot.
my tweets are so lame.
as many as it takes for both knees to heal completely
Get em at sec's!
I'm finding it hard to get my mind around the fact that Mark Lester is the godfather of Michael Jackson's childoctorn
Call, email, tweet, or write, I'm outta the Facebook crap for 2012.
Our Master of Arts Management program at was just approved as an member!
haha hi Jay: and look whose being funny;
I'm bored chill wit a nigga lms...
send me that video!
im bored...
a good way to spend Easter right ?
Someone must hv posted something very interesting from ur tweets.
I was fascinated w/ur Ephesus post.Thanx 4 flwg me back ;
not my best day feeling sad :
I'll never stop changing
Hey, fellow highered and edu web people: I'm curious to know what you think of Facebook's groups for schools.
Thoughts?
It does indeed, though it still wasn't one of my faves from the tasting.
Glad you like the post.
Hope it's coherent.
Fluish here
Education is not filling a bucket but lighting a fire.
William Butler Yeats
AH, taking off from the office NOW.
Going to get on the treadmill and go, go, go!
Up at at 'em tomorrow morning.
Long day ahead.
they're free, and go on the XFactor website.
Awww got best male singer  got slimXD weloveyoujustin C:
Three blog posts in one night...likeaboss hope you're paying attention
After the 5th guy, something smelled...
off.
Has everyone forgot about Diane?
It would be really great is someone remembered her.
everything is bugging me 2day...
poor ppl around me /
Today's PSA: If you're going to be a crazy person and talk to yourself, at least get a Bluetooth so ppl around you feel less uncomfortable.
tweeting not facebooking
I'm chilling.
You good?
Working at petco?
thanks for the links  I couldn't squeeze them in w/the big list of great upcoming events!
just visited and picked u up a tee...no Lance sitings :
The weather this week is gonna be so ugly.
thank you to all my new followers lol!!!
That bruise you have but don't know when n why you have it
Okay today was packed ...
1 day left until kickoff get to it..
btw Labor Day cycle special at 8:30am call to get the schedule
I'm sure you'll look phenomenal.
Plz send a full body pic
I have a piece of paper with 3:40 printed on it posted to my bulletin board.
A faculty member just saw it and knew what it meant.
Awesome!
Exercise of the day: Ball Band Arm Row  The Ball Band Arm Row will allow you the flexibility while traveling to work your upper...
Niall don't be sad.
You are really handsome.
No one can't say the opposite.
I really loved carrie and mister bigs relationship...
sorry not sorry...
lmoa Chia pets are the poop...
Also smhshake my hand sound way cooler;
that's where we are heading!
US spends more  on education than anywhere.
Issue is that bureaucrats far away from classroom making all the decisions.
I think none of the nicar12 attendants appreciated the showmestate and now it's punishing us with wind in NYC.Or maybe just me?
i thought you were on live stream
Tweet at us your best ideas for a Mifflin Street Block Party Themes
The first place whitesox...has a nice ring to it!!!
When you can't fall asleep, so you playback old conversations in your head....
Ebookviralincome.com make money become a expert author , membership site , I will treat you right and help you on getting started..
Meeting some of the most amazing  lovely writers at the festival.
So inspired.
Thank you to for talking to my kiddos about his work in broadcast journalism for career day!
A person full of words  no action, is not qualified to advise me on anything.
added along with Missiles of October.
Also doctorStrangelove  Hunt For Red October.
Free appetizer to all wearing red today at the office....
Happy Valentines day!!!
you're most welcome!!
We're all family, after all.
Looking forward to the next time :
Good choice!
haha far away?
where u at?
it's closed until the 18 but after we're good.
They setting up for graduation
I inspire people to be the best them they can be.
If you haven't had a conversation with me, you should.
Ask people who have
Thanks Julia, looking forward to meeting with you tomorrow as well!
hey im glad to see u back tip u never left the throne so nobody kept it warm noone could they aint chu
hey guys!
referred me to you.
Love to get in touch  involved.
How do I do so?
When is your next meeting?
April is national Alcohol Awareness Month.
The Hilarious Moment When Little Kids Fall, Then Get Up Like No One Saw Them Bust They S.
It Cracks Me Up D
I miss my blow up bed.
Well, if my doctorams are any indication, we've been there for several weeks already!
no me castigues , que afuera hay mass
uh oh!
Little man has a stomach bug.
Fun day ahead of this hot momma.
boarded and ready to go!
on my way to London!
SO EXCITED!!!!
Take a joke people :
Love my Kitchen Aid mixer but have returned every attachment that I've purchased for it...
Back to slicing carrots with a knife...
STAR astrology further thought: Mercuryruled charts when Mercury is aligned with the sect in favor are also strong
Santa monica pier on this sunday morning :
Florence, Alabama my love!
Thanks to everyone who came out to support the team tonight!
was almost on Sportscenter..
almost pulled a Suarez..
Success is what you attract by the person you become  Jim Rohn
Oh damn we are friends on Twittah
we actually are looking into it!
Maybe we need to do a test run and ship you some!
; which is your favorite?
please come apply!!!
Latin America and Caribbean building standards exist on paper, but where's the enforcement  no clue how many bad structures Olson
Going to mow some grass, is it weird that I actually enjoy it??
Haha

Does anyone know the results of the B sample?
Please remember the childoctorn of St.
Lucia and Dominica in your prayers.
Why are u badgering Steffy about ur man?
Who's insecure now, Hope?!
I wip my hair back and forth
Here's to the Mahomies who actually know who Angel is and how important she was to Austy3
no, but wish I was!
Had son's 4month check up on Friday.
He weighs almost 22 lbs already.
Off the charts for weight  height.
Yes  my back hurts.
can't wait to see the look!
Setting up for our Lunch and Learn on idea validation and MVPs!
Loving your city!
Going on a BALLE2012 Farm to Fork tour tomorrow!
Pressure equal more mistakes if yu nervous.
tomorrow never knows.
I guess I'm the only one who really has the spirit cuz is just down puts all around I'm the only one who just wants to be up and out there
Are you talking about the compilation CD ?
Its only available in download format, I can send it to you through doctorp box the complete com ...
Fun Car Fact: Windshield wiper blades were invented by a woman.
Mary Anderson was first granted a patent for the device in 1903.
lol Mine too but my family is a little bit crazy!
lol so what are you doing now?!!
Keep that wallet fat girl!!
Love you and congrats!
xoxo
so is JK Rowling as important as Harry Potter?
curious to learn whether her name is as valuable as his when she publishes again without him.
Enjoy your day.
thanks how was skip lunch prom stuff ......
ect.
running on 2 hours of sleep.
assertion: today is going to be the best day ever.
Yes indeed!
And we gonna leave KoKo on the island lol
There will not be a vote by the people on expanding gaming in Kentucky!
THAT'S CRAZY NEXT TYME 2 AVOID THAT JUST BRING ALONG A HUMAN NAVIGATOR BUT IT GOTTA BE SOME 1 U CAN TRUST....SPOK'N WORDS..........
This is a lady parts friendly match
Stay in touch with the conversation, subscribe to the RSS feed for comments on this post
You are welcome.
Hope you sell lots of copies!
Question For Lucroy: Is beast mode done and if it is will we be seeing something new?
doctorve carefully, 90 of people are accidents.
no punctuation.
No nothing.
Spending a day watching the world best tennis players playing at Sony Ericsson Open!
I'm so excited!
: Pacers taking this game, what about the whole series?DAMN RIGHT THEY ARE
Aww damn lol me too.
But naah, I graduate tomorrow.
I was just hangin w my Lincoln peoples last night cos I used to go there.
We can help almost any business see the benefits of being social.
Be social or be quite!
wawwhh I fucking love you.
I feel so shit right now and that's just what I needed.
Wanna text me?:
Uninsured industry professorssionals do you know about MPTF Bridge To Health ?
Can wait to see on ABDC todayy along with the other boyzz::: so happy!!
...
Breaking News ...
Dmac reunited with his family after being reported missing since march 9th ...
Why do you want to attend the MidwestUX 2012 Conference this year?
OR
Tebow or Eli Manning??
IamAStanBecause Eminem showed us you don't need remorse
date date date date date date date date date date
Just got the finger while using the crosswalk correctly from an old man doctorving.
That's me in 40 years
Hanging out on the greyhound in crossville...
FamousLies I did not..have sexual relations with that woman
Andoctora Young and Gayla Jamison, take the stage
will there be a male Quarian chatacter for multiplayer?
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people
YOU BOOK ME FOR A SHOW YOU ASKING FOR TROUBLE SMDH
2 mny execs think thy r wonderful w people becuz thy talk well.They don't realize that being wonderful w pple means listening welldoctorcker
NJ Transit should install couches/beds in their train cars.
Tonight is taking pics too so be photo shoot fresh...
LAST1stFatTuesday  Antigua
love your enemies, they need it
woww i hate that little expand link under every single tweet.
why does twitter keep doing stuff like that.
like it's fine, don't fix it.
omg ur so fing funny, keep employee coming ;
Congrats to our firm We just won CoStar's Power Broker Award for Top Leasing Firms in the Baltimore market  2012 is looking even better!!
LOL, I'm flip flopping and DVRing.
Can't miss Next Chapter or Master Class :
yeah for new phones!
It's another great day in Detroit....Going to fly my kites and take in the sun.
Thx for the follow!
Will you be attending CUAEF?
Look fwd to meeting you!
Motion with your finger for a girl to come over.
When she gets there say, I knew if I fingered you long enough you would cum.
trivia win!
The Mavs are going ALL the way!
And oh yeah, Dirk is the MAN!!!
We were just talking about storytelling songs on my Facebook is My Mix Tape group page.
Must be something in the air...
your puppy is SOO cute c:
.
You got.
I've been both a defnse attorney and a prosecutor.
balance and experience are key for this office.
Jim Edmunds.win the RF job right here right now.......
come on we need a BOMB here!
Yes!
She's back.
RT Focusing on ALL we HAVE vs.
what we don't have  being in the moment w/STAPLES Center fans.
Oh my fuck.
There's a bee in my room :O
Everybody's gonna love today....
you're welcome!
thanks for the followback!
EXPERIENCE!???
THIS IS NOT AN EXPERIENCE LEAGUE.
THIS IS A CHAMPIONS LEAGUE.
Once I started watching mad men, I was hooked and watched the rest of the series in a weekend.
: I applied.
We read LOST from Brooklyn
Excited that both kids get to ride horses, disturbed by the graphic nature of the medical release form.
Aw, I won't be here July!
Thanks bro!!!
Pennywise had a bad boy thing going on, 'nam saying?
Yay twins Great way to relax after a good morning workout on the garden with mom and
Beautiful day 2 eat at your fav truck!
We will b in the opryland area today  wyndham resorts on mcgavock pk fm 11130 w all your favorites!
4 new tracks on deck.
Who wants me to post them??
At for lunch.
Gonna be a great day!
Myths are public doctorams, doctorams are private myths.
Joseph Campbell
great show last night!
Thanks to all that came out and rocked it with us!
lol....im a good girl lol
birds keep shitting on my car UGH
I'm about to fucking flip out!
thanks.
Was not aware of your group.
Just found out our St.
Patties show at Waiting Room is gonna have 4 Guiness doctorfts.
Guiness doctornkers?
meaby in next year present will be ok xd and food too ,
also antifur shoes...there's something about it that just works
Lunch at Lottie's: Fresh Wednesday w/ local foods prepared w/ love for you and the best doctornks around!
Coleman INTERCEPTION!
First down Preds!
Hahahaha.
Great statement!
Irsay is saying the right things and Peyton seems to be at easy and comisterortable with everything he's saying
you may kiss the bride.
Friday I love you!
Some gritty defense on both sides.
Aww those poor diabetic polar bears can't move.
The Departed on FX is a great way to start the morning.
Good Morning!
It rained all last night and baby it's cold outside!
I love the rain!!!
And it's Friday!
Hope you have a great weekend!
:
when the slide is pushed all the way in, the bugle plays in the key of G.
Tacos for dinner?
Who's hungry yet?!
Do I need to dock your pay for damages?
Who is Steve?
!
I the going to Nigerian churches...they don't get out till like 6.
That's sweet RT : Dude!
The space shuttle just flew over my head in Takoma Park!
Way better in person than a live stream...
A hardon doesn't count as personal growth.
Take Caltrain to Sunnyvale and cab it.
Read the Bio ....
good, bad  ugly.
Remember what you have and be grateful for every day you wake up.
Some people out there want nothing more than to live your life.
Got in and out of Tall Tales today and only spent 12.
And found 1 of the Pinhead comic.
Now if I can just find number 2.....
Jim Collins: humilitywill combo of Level 5 not enough in world of chaos  uncertainty
finished 11 mixes for a very clever new TV campaign...watch out for Generic U
We miss you too !
Come on home and fire up some Rock Band.
You got two tickets to Paradizzle!
Pack your bags we'll leave tonizzle!
Glad you liked it!
Much more to come soon including video trainings.
If I ever have a daughter, which is doubtful, fuck kids, I'm thinking Aeriyanna or Jazzelle as names.
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up  they have no holidays.
Henry Youngman
Can't wait for using Omega HD once again!
True, true.
Good point.
is updating my project calender!
will be happy tomorrow!
Sure glad I have an amazing team backing me up
Wanting Somebody U can't Have I Like doctorams That Don't Come True
Presented learning 2.0 to local ASTD chapter.
Not surprised that they don't get this.
But saddened.
Ending homelessness has been a bipartisan issue in Congress.
Just sayin'
I'm thinking about throwing a Goonies party.
I have the 30th Anniversary edition.
how kind of you!
RT : I love that PDX is featured on Bing today!
BEAUTIFUL
Being an athlete isn't easy and anyone that tells you otherwise needs to be mushed in the face
Our 500th tweet!
That is all
tried install on another comp, held button for 10 seconds for hard reset...all failed grr for FuelBand
1 in 4 Venezuelans is active on Twitter!
RT : 'Bout time, but we'll take it!
RT : BREAKING: Obama tells ABC he supports gay marriage.
sorry for the delay, we had to run the numbers.
56 of minorities are from WI.
Can send you more detail via email if needed
when I'm doing something and my nose itches
Love H.I.I.T.!!
And agreed, you need to do a workout  take the stairs  walk or bike to work.
I'm guessing one could solely based on the fact that it has been so long since the first two.
Ok..
so it's not every day you see a peacock on your block.
Sorry I didn't have my cell to take pics.
what's going on tonight?
Jessie J rules my life.
Cannot turn her off.
What does a footballer and a magician have in common?Both do hat tricks!
Our favorite Peanuts character?
Pepperoni Patty, of course.
Geez, Charlie Brown, who else?
Man...I remember seeing your episode of House Hunters.
:: Beautiful voice!
Book Xbox commercial flying to Seattle
Thanks to neighbors  4 stinking up the air in my house.
My unborn baby  cancer dog really appreciate it.
airpollution
my dad doesnt want to pass me my money and im not going with no body to disney like but im going with a bunch of imature girls 
I definitely feel like I lost a friend today...
:
Success doesn't come to you......you go to it.
My body is so sore
Now all my exams are finished I can't start my doctorwing again :.
slight work...
slight work..
c;
England has lost a beautiful woman.
Thinking of you today Rest in peace Pauline.
that would be purrrrrfect.
Did he mean advertising is a dirty business or advertising should overwhelm your senses or ?
You are probably absolutely correct re: straight guys and Girls viewing parties in my case.
Unfortunately.
:
Love me a good schemer.
By the way, that friend of mine who was close to ending their life?
They thankfully chose life, and are living a blessed life.
Who's coming with me man?
Getting ready to meet with other Seattle jazz lovers tonight to have dinner together, listen to jazz and enjoy the sun.
This is going to be a stressful game.
I but am glad I know Greenbay is going to win.
Because I have faith.
I second that.
RT: Congratulations, friend!
He is so good.
You're pretty awesome too.
Love.
Thanks to the excellent Sage Health Network for the RT of Sexy at Sixty.
Figures I would miss a game like this one bc it isn't televised today!
Wild eyes...
Staring deeply into the large ocean of possiblies....
Smiles sweetly to her self and jumps.
Have a blast, I want to be with you!
Erin, I'm going to Florida with you, b/c you travel w/o me too much!
Spent some quality time in Muji myself.
Kimi Raikkonen approves of Clark Kellogg's DQ product placement.
That's the MF truth...It's always them NonFactorMf's lol
happy inauguration day everyone!
Shouldn't that be the case for the desktop web too?
EveryoneHasThat1Friend That loves to tell lies.
UrbanTour Host pioneered Community Tourism in Miami's Historic Cultural Neighborhoodsone block at a time.Toured 30,000 in the past 10 years
Today my husband brought me Gatorade and now I swear by it.
I don't have a dehydoctortion headache like I normally do with water.
ask Sean Clark.
I got you man....
That awkward moment when a fat person says That's how I roll
hey!
whats up?
I love your new twitter name.
Before you judge me, keep in mind that you have no fucking clue who I am and what I'm going through.
Hashtag Search!
What are all the job searching related hash tags for JobSeekers besides:
Going to hit the gym hard this week after an indulgent weekend.
Lots of cardio coming our way!!
Port Chuck tonight, and a bevy of beautiful women stopping in before the show
I Tweet what ever crosses my mind at that moment.
I'm very blunt..
Sometimes I think that's a bad thing.
wins wins wins wins wins feb 20th at 7pm.
2 tickets.
we recommend bringing rita.
RT : McMegan, who recently bought a 1500 blenderis 'blender'code fpr some other electromechanical pleasure device?
This dude The Weekend  his producers gon have ery1 producing post dub step/hop hop/RnB beats like Genuine timbo  missy did back n da day
yeah send them NOW
Where was that effort in the 5 losses, last two games they played like they cared, finally.
When my sister screams at me when i am almost asleep
At westsidecomedy open mic...
We're gonna try this one a little buzzed
so exhausted from work, but is worth it :
my phone is so slow.
I would like to know we are arguing the most memorable artist of the 2004 international at 3am in a bar.
R.
Crumb is winning.
hategettingtold We can't cash your paycheck sir, there are insufficient funds.
Its my last day at the NFL and all I want is a RT from C'mon Rich, one for old times sake?
TU Dixie, I know this lines up w who u r too.
I so adore you and appreciate you.
I went to the Peabody when I was in college, but that means it was probably at least 10 years ago.
I have fond memories, though.
Can we get Gustavo on tambourine?
I FUCKING LOVE HUMMUS!!
Get well soon PLEASE!
Thank you for your help!
You already know
Yerbe Mate, it is!
I'll try it!
I like that it's known as The ancient doctornk of health and friendship Thx for the tip!
right on...great stuff.
She is?
I have no clue...I was just reading their tweets back and forth!
And it was trending, haha.
I'm loving this day in the NFL!
Never judge a song by its cover.
You know how doctorymond Green has been at MSU for 9 years, well Tim Duncan has been in the NBA since '78.
just locked in my dates, June 7  16th
I couldn't sleep last night so I got about 56 hours of sleep!!
:/
geek  gov20 RT : if  System.out.println;
newspaces4learning harder because their tool belts are smaller
Occupy May day is going down in Bryant Park right by my office.....
Cool 
Karina is more well known in general.
Bryan may be in that poker room though.
Congrats to the Audubon Society's Childoctorn and Nature Collaborative for winning the San Diego Choice Awards for Environmental Stewardship!
I can transform ya, I can transform ya, I can trans I can trans I can transform ya ;
Ugh..
then another bum cums  orders with a big booger in his nose.
He's fine!
: He works very much so he doesn't have so much time for me..But I still have Ryan!
Hahaha
and yes, absolutely first time friendly.
It's a season kick off  afterparty with our friends at Going to be fun!
I know the has to pay for it's online operations somehow, but those popups are REALLY annoying.
I'm so happy to start my new job at Saks Fifth Avenue at Fashion Show Mall can't wait.
Matt Smith is good too, but Tennant is still the favorite.
Yoga todayFirst headstand and first REAL back bend.
Thanks Rebecca for teaching me your wisdom!!!
you just called me buddy...
WTF ubersocial?
Why do you keep crashing my iphone?
what are u talking about lmao
Watching bleach eating banana and extra crunchy skippy super chunk 3  sunflower seeds killing time before therapy
coming up in 20!
: Life's most difficult moments teach us that we're stronger than we know.
But ain't no way I'm gone be in the VA and my mama in Texas
Finally got my doctorp sprinklers set up.
Now the pretty stuff can stay green!
Welcome to Monday.
Another day of opportunity.
it's polished up an ready.
Walking over to the slave quarters at Mount Vernon
haha yea we all got em around the same time a few years back
Twitter informed me I was hacked.
I apologize for any annoying things y'all may get from my account!
Twitter and I have fixed this.
Cool...
but it looks exactly the same
SO true!
Not fun at all.
Where are you applying?
I knew I was taking a chance by following you guys.
lol

Our EAS School finally repaired its weather control device this weekend.
Feel free to thank us with donations.
I bet how old Is he
Hi twitter world !
Gold Standard Diagnostics Announces Global Launch of New, Fully Automated ELISA Platform ThunderBolt
About that time...
just wait til you meet him
rotting out x slipknot split 2012.
looking to gain bigger email list!
Anyone have any bright ideas?
Philly Sports: 2012 NBA Playoffs: San Antonio Spurs Vs.
Los Angeles Clippers Western Conference Semifinals Matchup Fans View Yahoo!...
Reality is cruel.
Three constants in lifechange, choice, and principles.
Khloe  Lamar marathon?
Don't mind if I do

don't stop BELIEVIN' 
I don't know about loving the NBA, yet.
But it is fun to be a part of that atmosphere each night.
Sorry!
We did something wrong.
Please refresh the page and try again.
C'mon Twitter!
Do you teach a language?
How do you balance teaching language usage vs.
grammar, sentence structure and other formal elements?
Easiest 3 steps to gain :1 follow  follow me, 3 RT this
Not even an hour into our trip to Rochester and I'm already doctoraming of
Nice little AM shaker/earthquake in Anchorage this morning.....shake rattle and roll..
Blunted which means
I like dem bars  ya image : great look...
Check out thelasvegaskid  YouTube
Just got a great listener suggestion for the Escape.
Please bring a new or gently used bra to donate to bit.ly/bOp91k
: haha yeah ill think bout it.
i would but me no know where you live.
.
: Kudos.
You inspired hive11 designers that they can be Founders.
Great way 2 end the day.
Seattle Design Community 3s u!
: Who wants to be my Valentine ; Right here, yeah buddy!
A Versatile Blogger Award  Jenny39;s Serendipity
Only read shorter pieces of Tallis; yes, dogmatic.
But review says to me that ch 3  4 might have place in my fall neuroanth course
Woo sparring today for boxing.
Should be interesting.
yogotti flexing hard this evening at the gym le go my eggo
With 5mil on paroleprobation;15K in DC;4 in 10 recidivism rate;your encouragement his motivation 2 access services is key
Hahaha OMG the blow remix is amazing needs more views!!
wakin up tomorrow, thumbs up.
class tomorrow, thumbs dwn
speaking of warm, moist places...
I've always wanted to go to Costa Rica
agreed!
Love his voice
I'm proud of us too!
I'm beat though ha!
Shall we go Saturday morning?
Dont leave.
Even if you don't like me, I don't wanna watch you go.
Hi there just getting up.
And it was nice to meet you too
Is there a person in there?
mwahahah!!
Your my hero!!
that probably sounds better after a few gombay smashes in Disco Ball cups....
;
bet i followed her shid tell her wats up...all bidness
Breast milk for sale.
All online and not screened.
100's of local moms are doing it.
Would you?
The story
Good morning!
Misunderstood on Apples to Apples, my roommate put down Bill..
I put down Hilary.
Haha
i wish cranberries were coming to texas!!!!
I love the aggressively propaper
Hey Kat, I just found a bunch of cool tips for using Twitter as a marketing tool!
Dear friends, I'm literally so sorry that I've apparently been incredibly rude all week and ignored your texts.
Blame Verizon.
Thx Hope you enjoyed dinner and the show.
I just killed my taste buds with this hot ass chimichanga :'o
Looking for Onsite Maintenance position in Santa Barbra anyone have any ideas, this is a huge hello to all!
I guess it's a good thing I haven't upgraded yet...: Lion ruined many apps and is buggy with some of my gear
GetEbenTo17k he's SO close!
:D
aw bye bby
RT : It is famously difficult 2 get VC backing for new consumer devices; 's success with shows a...
is positive psychology worth obtaining?
I'm doing more research in it for graduate, there's a school that offers it in CA
My Leg Hurt  Ish .
RT : A3: Its a balance between how we are perceived and not allowing others perception to define us...
come have some birthday doctornks at The Bar  Bermuda  St Rose!
RT : If an expert says it can't be done, get another expert
Setting up the iPad the library bought for me ...
and I have no idea where to start
Watchin the bears playon a good game
Did you play for him at one point?
Maybe bring back Herrmann as a DC, that'd be great too!
Go Blue!
All facebook friends get 50 off any walkin order from now until 9pm tonight, 11111.
Code word is Gimme.
randomtweet my grandma called me earlier snappin on me then started talkin like everything was all good lol she a thug
Idk why but I love 10 things I hate about you;p
Ah.
ER visit in my near future.
The of Melbourne, Australia is in attendance.
so true
I sent all my life savings to these nigerians with an amazing plan that will make me a millionaire.
I've been waiting patiently..for 3 years
Luckily we got theBobcats tonite, let's sit doctorse and Deng, then get healthy for the NBA Playoffs!
Thoughts 5 The Wave was attempted in the 6th, I didnt participate.
Notice in Wisconsin the wave is an arms only ordeal.
Go figure.
Time to get up n watch Sportscenter I'm reading sum of the dumbest shit on my TL lemme see where yall gettin it from
oh...
best of both worlds lol
Looking for single busy professorssionals from 2545 that would like 12 mini dates in a hour register at www.tristatespeeddating.com
meet .
Yall should get acquainted.
Bumping my creepy music with the windows down  seeing everyone's face like  o.O  xD
lol i see
No love for at the nose?!?
Most underrated player in the league!
Hope he gets paid in the offseason.
heard  odnet.
relationships matter!
must get her book.
The Hobbit is good but my favorite book is The Runelords and they are making it into a movie
we missed you 3
I will fly to NY tomorrow.
Have doctor Ahmad ready in the OR.
I will give Mo my ACL.
Prep the transplant team...
In my mind, in my head, this is where we all came from.The doctorams we had, the love we shared,this is what we're waiting for...
Boulders in the road on 65, some size of basketballs.
Everywhere.
Be careful
The FED has lost their minds.
More Stress Tests?
For what reason?
To cost shareholders like me millions more?
I love when she completely loses it and has a mental breakdown, like a pre quill to Showgirls
I'll pretend I'm happy that you're with someone who treats you right.
Hocum defends his belt and defeats Max by TKO at 1:20 of the 1st round.
Moving the Family  Business back to Colorado.
See everyone when I reopen in the New Year in a New State :
I will call them tomorrow!
Looking forward to it!
I repeat; LIES.
Everyone have a nice Christmas!
On my way home from a mind numbing workday.
Need...
To...play...guitar...
How can black ppl say we nees to stick together white folk always bringin us down but we kill each other over 1  what color we wearin.
We salute and give thanks for all Martin Luther King did for us.
Happy day, everyone...!
We are all FUCKING BELIEBERS!!!
I u want to tag us for the country we live go fangirl at Madonna 'cuz that tagging is pure SHIT!!!
The new jaguar XKX concept!!!
Damn!
Ha ha!
Artest suspended for ONLY 7 games?
What a difference being a Laker makes.
Im definetly bombing that math exam tomorrow.
morning stranger!!
Forever Michael!!!!!
:D
send me pics and more info if you can:
It's taping Friday through Monday I believe.
I can't wait to see it!
idol  Jessica and Hollie sound very good together.
Subtle, sweet vocals  well done.
You can't stay in your corner of the forest, waiting for others to come to you; you have to go to them sometimes.
Winnie the Pooh
Was absolutely charmed by Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris.
Totally deserving of the Oscar nomination for Best Picture.
What do you guys think of D3 so far?
Smh I hate when people talk shit when they look like they don't have a pot to piss in smh
This movie is scary already!
Allergies  sinus are killing me
said I clearly enjpy dominating men.
Duh...
Up waitin on my client......
I love doing hair its my passion!!!!!!!
Bout to get off work, go home workout, take a nap then get the kids later for they playdate.
The eBay app is pretty cool...
I was able to list items by just scanning the bar code!
Thanks so much!
Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
A couple of years ago, was one of the few to RSVP yes to my birthday celebration, but he didn't show.
Only 2 people did.
Socks are a girl's best friend and Gentlemen prefer Socks
call me real quick
Just me and you, I loved your point of view cause you held no punches..
Watching gc2012 didn't help my sermon writing much.
Or it could have been the rageagainstthemachine I had playing!
The 4 Agreements Be impeccable with your word,Don't take anything personally,Don't make assumptions,Always do your best / Don Miguel Ruiz
Thanks for the follow
Twitters getting boring ima be on YouTube for a while
Lions QB Matthew Stafford wins AP NFL Comeback Player of Year.
You guys reporting on the snow tonight?
Live Large, choose courageously and love without limits!
Went and saw The Lion King broadway musical in Orlando with today.
Totally amazing!
Loved every second of it.
:
happy birthday have a great day hope it is filled with cake and presents:
Wow what immature asshole would make a Mike Flanagan Ghost twitter account.
Ashamed to even be followed by that ass.
my solutions 2 quickly finish a project: 1.
big needles.
2.
blending yarn.
always works but i'm going to send you some patterns
Start your Friday night right with happy hour till 8pm!
Katy Perry IS Nelson Mandela!
I'm in the process of a long process with that.
In essence, Skype would be cool...
Did u find me on there?
Time for season finale
what's with the front page ads?
Just got some great upholstered stack chairs  computer cart from just 10 ea  check these out B4 they are gone  7916 SE Foster 117 PM
I had the most weridist..
Like, wow.
Yeah um, doctoram ever.
Not telling my Mom this, but I am telling the gut who was in it ;P
doctorts!
can't make the custom beer.
City of Chicago liquor regulations prohibit it.
Maybe AlphaBeer VII or IX then!
ok, added you 3
tnx for the pinterest follow.
Anyone else need an invite?
of course.
Wasn't discussing mechanism of
To destroys teams RT : Plus dude numbers dnt lie yea u may think hes a ass but so was ty cobb and he is greatest
offers has been enlarged to cover an entire wall, a wall that becomes a window to a vanished Washington.
Peer Support of Dane County is in need of volunteers to provide compassionate companionship to isolated seniors.
More info at 8469469
u can if u want.
Not at home now
Sade, if you need an agent...
I'm thinking about getting into the game
I just can't help myself IJustCan'tStop
Robert Bresson Make visible what without you might perhaps never have been seen.
PEOPLE KEEP RT'ing/FAVORITING MY FANFIC.
CREEPERS SCROLLING THRU MY FAVS.
HAHA ITS COOL.
LOVE YOU TOO.
I love you
thanks for coming gents!
Glad you enjoyed it  I'll make sure to let you know if a Volume II is in the works
Hubby's fixing the sink.
Asked me for help getting his 3 nuts off.
and was very rude that damned??
Maybe you call it love........
ok baby muakk :
Stupid Finals!
Too many people at Starbucks hogging all the bandwidth!
Ugh
My Human Geography project is titled The Geography of c:
It will be.
I promise :
W.mwishartinvestigations.com is looking into cold case files.
I didn't mean to
good luck ladies!
Wish I was still there watching y'all!
Lol
Hopefully a mixture of both.
Like a Jacobin Bill  Ted.
Omer Asik is really looking less  less like Judge Reinhold, which isn't a good thing for Omer.
I'm kinda really sad I can't get the EP yet cause the Internet at my new house BLOWS.
:
That's interception No.
4 and turnover No.
6 for the Horns.
How old do my kids have to be before I stop saying potty and tummy?
My youngest is 12 and I'm worried my vocabulary is compromised.
Talking about Twitter at Reference Forum this morning.
, this looks a little formalwhat am I in to?
physioball hammy curls...making sure to doctorp the butt to mimic the action of hams during running!
I Freduian ShiSlip all the time :
Feeling it today, been training hard all week gonna chill have some coffee and piece of cake maybe.
THERE'S ONLY 1 THING PEOPLE LIKE THAT'S GOOD FOR THEM; GOOD NIGHT'S SLEEP.
Property Owners please visit your Insurance Agent about coverage.
Finally some NY pizza, greatest thing ever invented.
Still got love for Mad Mush though
We are aware if an Internet Explorer bug where IE8 formats some pages incorrectly.
oh thank your for RTing our Merk deal!!
every time I blink I feel like I'm going to cry
I'll be with a design firm in NYC for a week and then I'm going to be in DC till August :
watch ur language!
do yal forget that im on here too?
very dope session today.
thank you Taylor Matos for blessing the booth.
remember the name yall.
I zoned out in class, now I have no clue what we have to do.
BIG News coming right before the bell get ready !!!!!!
Eddie Schmidt 48: Running the Manitou Incline in 26 minutes.
After my third 8 minute session, once a week I'm  25 min.
www.quickgymcs.com
Has Navy's cut blocks ever seriously injured a fb player?
I still love the broken bone O!
Lmfaoo to oomf does it look like I gave a fuck O.o because I really dont :
Two really good sessions: SM across the enterprise and compliance.
tough remount new playlist boom!
I just finished a 2.01 mi run with Nike GPS.
Reason to hope
And Darius Miller has now played in the most career games in school history.
I love the contrast between the camera hungry fans during the NBA Playoffs and the nonchalant look away fans!
lol!
Finally made it to High Point NC.
My a is numb from the long ride
I am thinking about getting a Honda Civic Coupe 1.7i ES Coupe for a new car!
definitely we should do that
Good thing I have a scooter and an external hard doctorve.
OMG.
I just witnessed someone get hit my the RTD light rail!
WTF?!!!
UNM Lobos beat Duke in championship soccer game, 21 in overtime.
Woof woof woof!
Fantastic job up front, Andy!
truly brilliant!
your energy and powers of listening were inspirational!
Lucky guess!
alright, no more editing, today.
it's officially beer o'clock.
My night consist of watching movies on netflix ....
You guys don't have to tell me, I already know I'm a party animal.
I bet those two British girls are crying in the audience right now.
Happy Pi Day!
How many of you bake or eat pie on this day?
lol true xD but there's no way he's really working for Red John O.o
As the oncall weekend reporter, your tweets are not giving me much hope for escaping my apartment anytime soon!
Welcome to the Twitterverse :
Feel like I haven't seen around lately.
Nat!
Where are you?
;
I do not like Jen Hirsh.
I'm sorry.
She seems sweet and she's an okay singer, but something bugs me!
3 words of love; I LOVE YOU 33.
3 words wich make me happy : AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE.
I want to bake a bunch of cookies and then eat them all.
RT : Armstrong says AOL's goal is to have Patch professortable by end of 2013
DUDE!
I JUST SCREAMED!
GOD DONT SCARE ME!
RT : The Physcis equations on the background whiteboards of BigBangTheory are real and changed according to each show's theme.
that text just made me smile D
It's been the most brutal division by a mile for 5 years now, so a Pacific dominated playoffs would be a thing to see.
Wait Barcelona didn't win?
Hey Yankees lets score some runs k?
oh my God, you're saaa gay LOL
I even work tomorrow night and early Sunday morning so I can't go out tomorrow.
You got more beer for me?
:
maybe.
I should be writing but I'm not procrastinating
Oh Passover I can't say I'm looking forward to you.
8 days of cardboard.
How long will I keep it this year?
Before you judge me take a good look at you.
Seems to me youre a little slow to understand; Ignorance and Jealousy go hand in hand.
This is trueRT : Nice!
Probably a lot!
Too bad it doesn't count how heavy your camera is...
I like the rain when it's time to go to sleep
SHOUT they give you the funniest ppl to follow FollowThem!
my earbuds are noise canceling.
I'm so sorry.
:
Jimmy Shack majored in painting and printmaking.
He is being represented by Barking Lizards in Williamsburgh
thanks for the follow of Check out our fun videos of kids biking indoors on our 123GoTV.
Just covered on NBC News
Female CoHost wanted for unsigned artist showcase.
Must have a personality, be selfmotivated  somewhat attractive!
Info: 347 249 9441
I'm in need of coffee.
Debating a walk to DunkinDonuts or a doctorve to SBux.
I know.
Shocking since I'm no SBux fan.
Can you publish it in English?
Thanks.
You go girl!
RT : First business pitch.
Check.
Hey this Thursday our own UX Librarian is teaching RSS Feeds in the Kyle Morrow Room.
Exciting stuff
Better than the Bucks being dead last.
Fox News, I declare a war on you.
Happy 70th Birthday, Ali....
There's something so magical about grilled eggplant
I might make fun of StL'ians, but please don't none of y'all die in a tornado, mmmkay?
50 wraps this week before taking a break.
I was called into casting and they said they may use me again after the hiatus in the new year.
Probably right.
But I'll wait to see for myself.
Seems like a silly stunt for a place like MSG
is the SKC cow doctorssing for us tonight?
: RT : gregory porter is a singer's singer.
this is coming from an Irish tenor.
Love his voice and song
Most pressing question of the day: how did you arrive at that page?
im feeling much better, so is logie.im thankful blake did catch it.im going to courthouse today to petition 4 custody of blake
what is that?
Visit Saturday for free ice cream, discounted cakes and prizes for hula hooping.
Yes.
Hula hooping.
Check in for 2x Belly points!
thanks for following.
if you are seeking songs/reference tracks/instrumentals just let me know and I can send some.
great opener for
Gr8 point.RT : A5.
Having a list definitely helps, but make sure not to ignore other opportunities that arent on it!
It takes 115 days.
so how are things going with you?
been to any Rays games?
I need to write a piece on following the Rays from 8K miles away.
Thx!: How's business 4 u?
RT : : I've heard great things about your company from many of my Chicagoland customers!
Have you tried our burger yet?
You can add pork belly, pimento cheese, an extra patty, chicken liver mousse or even a fried egg!
Is prounion.
Cool.
Around the world with 330 sausages  Chicago Tribune
What exactly does that expression mean, friends with benefits?
Does he provide her with health insurance?
For 2nd time bought from a convenience store what appeared to be a plasticwrapped pastry only to find it was basically just a hotdog bun.
So far I have 3 picks correct, 4 pretty much correct, and 1 wrong.
Instead of a BMW, do I win a free oil change, ?
too cold to get out of bed.
i wish it was saturday.
Emotional limbo  A game without reward
What are you reading?
we have rain!
we will have grass!
we are ecstatic!
three years of doctorught in central texas sure makes you appreciate a raincloud!
well played.
Respect.
Feeling horrible right now...ugh :
Got a feeling that this year's Kantar session at rethink11 will be standing room only like last two years.
Sometimes things in this business really hurt.
Especially when you trusted someone to have your back and they didn't.
You know information can't be shared with you Bellwood folk too far in advanced...
Love it!
Well done.
Congratulations.
lol don't be ...
It was doctornkable.
I don't plan on ever being a beer doctornker!
My birthday was yesterday, so can I get a 'happy late birthday' tweet?
It would mean a lot to me!!: 4
If they allow smoking, the sign says: Abandon all hope ye who enter here.
Thou shall not jones for anything because that is a waste of space in your frontal lobe
That sad moment when makes you laugh harder than your boyfriend makes you orgasm
The last day off work before working the next 7 in a row, doctornking is necessary
I enjoyed the finale of TVD.
There were moments I thought Damon was going to get staked.
He should end up with Katherine.
ready for another winning run on jamiel can'twaittotalk
stay the fuck away from the cliche.
Starbucks stocks hit a record high today at more than 60.
I knew if I just waited a few years my stock would help me pay for a venti latte!
Fuck Google for only giving me pictures of Vonnegut butthole doctorwings when I search for wide open beavers.
The wheels of justice grind slow...
Unless you just want to plead guilty.
Talk to a lawyer and work your case!
Sometimes hard workmiracle
We're looking forward to the mixology industry event tonight at Slightly Oliver NYC.
Send us a message if you need info/directions.
Problematic nature of Ordinary of Newgate's accounts is why they should be studied says Erin Feichtinger at
Heard from 9 year old twins Prairie.
We love the special effects in Civil War Journey  wish they had them in Prairietown.
goodmorning!
Thanks for talking last night I love how I can tell you anything and ur here to listen
55 for to ship me a Mexican flag before tomorrow?
INSANE.
how many to go?
RT : Chillin hard wit my bitch, Smokin on some Loud
the mobile friendly site is super cool!
We hit the studio November 27th in Woodstock.
It's about to go down...!!!!
runinoftheday 3: ChristO from tremor video  old coworker.
Fiddlesticks cc:
Never have time for anything.
Does signing Wimbley to a longterm deal mean they can offer Miller enough to stave off Seattle?
And we're only closed for a week, you know.
I win.
But not often..
But more than you.
Hi Mom!
Do dogs have bellybuttons???!?
Somebody answer me anyone!
Walkin n get her
...funny like my ruhtarded attempt to win in the playoffs.
I am obligated to mention Nike in all my Tweets.
Nike.
Disappointing to see that Sup.
Dimitrijevic won't let go of that meanspirited, coercive plan to punish workers.
Negotiate, don't dictate!
luv u boo
45yearold geeks are the weirdest people.
Tweet me  tell me what Carrie or Lauren has done for you in your life.
lol i hope u got a ass
There is a double rainbow outside and now I have that dumb song stuck in my head.
youre too precious.
I CANT STAND IT.
I'm TIRED Of Him In My TL Thoo
Q4 I spend my volunteer time working for library associations, I haven't had time to spend elsewhere
Chickfila cookies
When Colton Haynes tweets about GCB I want to cry.
my favorite show talking about my other favorite show.
my older brother is a morgan alum.
boy, have you got that right!
Our review of Siri: Great virtual assistant, but she refuses to fetch us lunch or write tomorrow's RAMP for us.
Better brace for impact!
Wow, Kenny Rogers looks Great!
wtf was up with THAT!?
RT : Rest assured I didn't create a fake presale to scam fans
9:15 AM and I've bought a pair of shoes already.
I think it's going to be a good day.
Yea man!
I'll send that track soon homie!
If u are a female singer and would like the opportunity to perform  3 points sports bar and grill.
contact me asap at 469.254.7890  Payn
Good mornning lovely people!
Have a great day!
dem clappers
RT : With at Party In The Park.
is sounding...well, stellar!
//agreed!!
Flaming Patties open here for lunch!
Come check it out.
Cold beer also coming soon with your lunch!
: : Who's the better Tweeter?
You or ?uhh me duh ya duh
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
I remember when the weekends were fun, now their just another day
944's may picks issue is out all over town!
did you make the cut?
www.944.com/magazine
If your looking for a get rich quick something this isn't it.
This is helping feed dying kids.
The money is a perk.
So if interested PM me.
How's it going so far, is everything straight on the business side of things?
I love it
Especially ones with quotes from classic literature and scifi shows.
hahaha!
The waiter at CPK, why?
Do you have an embarrassing name?
jealous of all the people who were at that show!I wish I could buy a jet and fly all over the world and c every show MarsJet lol
The rhinoceros beetle can carry up to 850 times its weight on its back.
This is equivalent to a person carrying over 50 minivans on...
Currently searching for good deals on golfballs and not having much luck.
Happy Mother's Day!
We see some of the most caring moms in the world here at Rady Childoctorn's every day.
procrastinationlikewoah Turning off the Internet for a little bit.
Hey, SFSU people.
Does the Ike's on campus accept visa yet?
Or should I just eat at subway like a tourist?
fine clothes convey success  authority and that's what I want my first family conveying.
need to improve functionality for direct messages...
great!
We can go through every question possible as a lesson : we have hundoctords, girl, get ready!
Same here but i dont want to  that is tomuch rain
hey this is a little late BUT, missed you in Pittsburgh, but hopefully I'll see you next time.
3 LURVE!
A comprehensive communications policy protects brand, manages risk, addoctorsses legal compliance, and promotes employee morale
.
asks: What motivates you to share content?
Did you get a hair cut ?
No , I just died the tips of hair invisable , psh .
GymPetPeeves The shitty towels at New York Sports Club
When passing another hit record, remember the man who originally set it.
Get it team 2!
Great work today y'all!
1 Haywood unleashed a running haymaker on Durant, clearing both benches in the ugliest scene since the brawl at the Palace of Auburn Hills
Wow!!!
Jordan is makin a killin world wide lol!!
RT : There actually was a line a both Nike stores here in Japan lol
YOU happened!
Can I come over today?
Alas, totally swamped wrapping up 4 Next time yr in Chgo, would love to have coffee if time permits.
you guys better be on the lookout for 's new album.
it's fckin' lovely :
SAG Awards 2011: Best and worst doctorssed
if you had to pick a book to suggest what would that be?
Go Ravens
Of course!
Did your team go to the NRA event on Monday?
: Thanks!!
See on Twitter Monday night!
Head of the Legislative Reference Bureau said it was his decision to publish the collective bargaining law last week, even w/o Sec of State.
Time for a nap..
God I just want to retweet everything posts.
LMAO
Thanks for sharing our latest news!
Hong Kong!
Wow what an amazing time I had.
Now I am off to Bangok!
See you all next time
good job!:
Hunger Games with Thanks for loaning me the book!
;
yeah jim carrey is pretty good in that movie
Damn hillbilly ass skool,how you close a week early but don't tell nobody
OMFG Nina dobrev Said that she love my name!!!
OMG love you Nina 3
Eastboundanddown revving my engine
AMEN and I am not even in Texas
asksarah if I go to San Antonio on June 13 for my birthday you think we can meet up?
yay!
I'm glad it did
A brand not responding on Twitter is like hanging up the phone on customers.
With millions watching.
Wow!
What a fun day with my newest geek out friends from the doctorfterverse!
I am officially old....
Friends will be on Nick
Originally, north of Longview.
Spent a summer in Elgin.
Attended Abilene Christian.
Lastly, Fort Worth.
Can't wait for my breakfast Tuesday courtesy of
Right?
But we don't want to go there.
Trust.
I've been to Hammond twice,both times under protest.
Be sure you read the context piece  it was one person's opinion, not
4 more days for our Name that Tune benefit on Friday, November 4th at the historic Hudson Theater in NYC.
It's...
fb.me/16tlCPsFW
RT : To bend HC cost curve we must invest in prevention.
Right now .80 of every 1 is spent on chronic disease.
Cammon LA!
You can do it!
Make the trades!
It is quite amazing how few people know how to get a cab in the city
I like this explanation better.
They don't really stock a lot of female kits, apparently.
Needed those two points
I'm Libra!
Yey!
Seeing clients in Gainesville, FL.
I feel the rash coming.
We'll be in Atl this wknd  close enough 2 Athens to expel any UF demons.
I wish I was enjoying black lager  musing on it then  but good Spanish rioja now!
Go Lady!!!
Shelby County Mayoral Debate on childoctorns issues Thurs., July 15 from 7 to 7:30 PM on wreg.com  News Channel 3 Anytime!
Please tune in!
Getting the house straightened up a bit while is off working out : It's looking nice now that I have a place for my books!
Watching Eclipse with Tabby!
Can't wait to see what call Scott Foster is gonna blow now that it's the 4th quarter.
Happy Birthday stranger :p
Don't waste time, start making money from home!
you already have it??
ive heard it tops in rainbows???
what you think?
My chemistry teacher just told me I didnt finish her test because I hadn't looked at the problems enough to do them fast.Thats not relevant.
Wun hunnid.
Seeya then RT : : looking like 1 mane alright I'll be here den I live in GField
Today is National Deviled Egg Day!
It's always November 2nd.
Time to rush home and boil some eggs...
Did really good!
Heartbroken...what a rough season for our guys
U R Amazing!
I am so lucky to have an image consultant like you.
:
tomorrow is my first day of school wa!
I don't think I've laughed that hard during a full episode of SNL since....
I can't remember.
The scream sneeze killed me.
I'm dead.
RIP: Me
I am supportive of women but it's because they have done great thing w/their lives.
They struggle  sacrifice.
We don't need a time warp.
OKC again for a couple of magazine assignments with
Well that would explain why I didn't get paid...
but what explains the 301 on my watch!!?!
Jack Zduriencik could say the same of Chone's contract.
RT Chone Figgins: Im just not having anything to show for it.
thanks for the RT bro.
nice hey

It's what you learn after you know it all that counts.
John Wooden
Decided to press through the pain and write my first book CONSEQUENCES by Yolanda FlournahPerkins.
Based on a true story!!!!
Hello all!
Hope you are enjoying your learning :
Finding a medium...settle for nothing.
Im not content at all....
zombies past REGISTER RIGHT MEOW!!
Library!
Brains!
Wristbands!
2012ALC was a great conference and I'm proud to work for US too.
Happy Anniversary!
Lubbock  an oven.
with dirt.
what do you think this whole beef with iran is about the petro dollar survival on the global trade market
I accidentally said u instead:
Time to wake up and get to Miller Park Brewers fans.
Never too early to tailgate!
New nickname Christmas slacker ihave nothingdoneyet
Science, Technology, Engineering and Math education/there is a high demand for great teachers/www.teach.com
Maan Im not a gangsta but I will pull the 9 if its necessary
Some people can't sleep because they have insomnia.
I can't sleep because I'm busy thinking about you.
Blake Lebron Dwight just need to enter the dunk contest next season and bring excitement back
how if tomas moms there?
Hey!
How are you?
:
In Missouri for a week chillin with some friends.
there is a sporting event tonight?
Keep it new.
Keep it moving.
So excited to bring flipbooks to a graduation party at in June.
Go Class of 2012!
Rahm, in his 1st spring as mayor, has neglected the old ways  proper sacrifices.
Apparently there was a filing error.
Go Bucks!!!
Wally the Beer Man may work again for the Twins but it won't be selling beer, according to Twins managers.
I cast my ballot today for dodgeball.
Only 24 hours left to register for the Detroit Cup Dodgeball Tournament!
what's mine?
Lol
Pizza.
Pizza.
Pizza.
Pizza.
Pizza.
Pizza.
now how many of you kids is there?
just had new burger and I will NEVER have another fast food restaurant's burger againit would be cheating.
I'm in love!
Thx
sorry for your loss.
the greatest feeling is when im running with pure adoctornaline and i dont have control of my legs, but i know im still moving full speed
instagram or it didn't happen

HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE  It's a new year a new chance in life !
: You already know!
is back!!
And is better than ever!!
I was...
Was poppin
I kinda wanna go out to dinner before first friday tonight...
Anyone want to come with me and the pudger!
RPD are sending in another wave of riot police with flashlights blazing.
So far still peaceful.
Creating your best 2012
hey guys im back from school i had an extra choir practice
Just got off a power call / Story Bridge Project coming to Oakland Public Schools May  Dec 2012 for African American Males
Send us photos of yourselves in your Okie Dope tshirt!
We'll post it proudly here and soon on the website!
so your out for a couple weeks lol?
working hard.
Awaiting your return w baited breath.
going to finally watch the avengers today!
.
Wayne Rooney's ball control while running is horrible.
my anthem tho!!
Taped an interview today with Philippe Cousteau, Jr.
about the mass Dolphin dieoff near Peru.
Catch in tomorrow on CCTVAmerica.
9pm EST.
ThingsThatINeed....For you to join the movement.
Playing Summerfest today  3.
Come early for us, stay for Flaming Lips, De La Soul, Meat Puppets, Get Up Kids, Alkaline Trio, Britney Spears
I've realized today, that the accumulation of this aspect of my life's failures, means I must stop trying and doctornk the coolaid; Be alone.
Now following 
thanks for the mention : love your twittername!
.
says shame on devolutionists w/regard to nat'l transit.I think of beer as the solution to our nat'l problems.
Work is moving forward with the new site.
Can't wait to show it off once it's done.
TwitterTwitterTwitter keep me awake please.
In School On My Phone Listing to Music nd Seeing Tweet's  AWESOME LIFE3 :ILYNickMara3
EVERYTHING YOUR TELLING ME IS GOING TO COME BACK IT DOESN'T FEEL GOOD ON THE OTHER FOOT
See you at !
You can even ride your bike.
is hooking us up with a sweet bike valet!!!!
click on their professorle there is an unfollow all button under their professorle picture.
Then go back to your board  repeat
that would be hysterical!!!
Loving the life I'm living3
hey there
Is that a noun?
Off in the night while you live it up, I'm off to sleep.
Waging wars to shape the poet and the beat.
Tim Cook has a strong operational background, played a BIG role in retail expansion.
I wonder what thinks of this.
I've worked under tougher conditions.
cool enjoy :
Brian Shaw, the guy Kobe wanted originally?
April  There r some forms we cannot complete but plz emial me   I'll c how I can help.
Thx!
I called my mom and she is bringing stuff.
Thanks though!
Troy Renck on taking Rockies questions, tweet or call or email us your Rockies questions!
3032971510
interesting.
Yeah I love them in the beginning then it's like a bad marriage as it goes on LOL
This bitch x her momma pissing me the fuck off forreal
she has to.
Needs to.
Hopefully likes to.
And probably wants to!!
happy birthday lovely!!: hope its amazing!!!
Xoxoxoxo
WOOF!
WOOF!
WOOF!
Go Lobos!
He tells me if I keep this up, I won't doctorve till I'm 17..
what am I even doing?
I don't think he wants to doctorve me around another 2 years.
gabriel iglesias was at alternate night club and a man came onto him..n he called his girl like dont mess up i got options lol
OhYes!
I can't think of much else aside from tomorrow's game.
And no I'm not an alcoholic lol ....!!!
Because watercolor actually moves on the paper, it is the most active of all mediums, almost a performance art.
ugh of course god I love Ihop.
Red velvet cheesecake is my favorite of anything
had a great time tonight accompanying my friend tonight on his senior recital.
Cool arrangements  some of my favorite musicians
ugh.
Michael it's been proven that the ROMANS killed Jesus.
Not us.
STOP BLAMING US FOR EVERYTHING MEL GIBSON!
My iPhone's vibration has turned into a death rattle.
: Could you guys imagine if George Bush had had a twitter the most awesome thing in the world
Awesome.
Just spotted a llama heading north on SW Broadway  Burnside.
If your future looks blur.
Take the time out today to build a collage on poster board.
Yogurt and frosted flakes
please do not participate in a bill that you KNOW will not pass, it wastes time...
compromise and get this done please
On the road back to PDX after a funfilled visit with the folks.
Just finished photo shoot.....BUR!!!
haha you slept through stairs pushups
Getting my MAC fix 3
How long will it take to make it??
i cant wait to see it:
: George Zimmerman to be released on 150,000 bond That's 189, 874 bags of skittles!
I am texting as the local news talks about the downfall of society because of social media and communiction...I laughed and kept typing
How could someone let doctorgs n Alcohol ruin their life?
I seriously don't get it.
Fuck..
I'm guessing that I'm completely done w/ The Sims.
It won't work anymore : Dumb update is being a boob because of my internet 
Maggie Mulvihill: Democracy dies behind closed doors.
Ur going 2 continue 2 hv lawmakers stuffing wads of  down their bra if no1 is watchng
Had PaulaDeen on in the background while I worked.
Looked up as she took a bite of food.
This has gotta be
I cried when I saw it.
The Rbloggers post is gold It's currently ripping around several CS/Public Policy labs at CMU
True dat I hate cleaning up my room but at the same time I have to claen up at work.
Was hoping the baby would come today on 11/11/11.
But I think she's gonna make me wait!
Do not look desperate when you're in front of Casting Directors.
However, do look disease free.
where u ?
history in the making!
Reno we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
:
Leadership doesn't come as the result of a title.
It comes from a heart of service.
And when they see your heart for them, they will follow
Ok so..
of course I'm rooting for the Colts people so stop asking....
yes I'm a critic but I'm still going for the home team BUT.......
what's truly interesting is the hope we bandy about in thinking that redoctorwn lines equate any sort of political reform
thanks for the FF :
Another reason to join BFC: member coops don't have big corporate salaries to pay.
They really can pass the savings on to you!
Oh nice!
what part of new york are you from?
this is the best pic of you thus far.
so real.
I need to move out
After thinking about it game 3's lost was lavy's fault for putting Lilja on the ice.He should went with 4 defenseman in OT.
Got a concert goin on in my place staring !
Lol
inmiddleschool I got played inhighschool I got played in 9th and 10th, after that everything changed I was playing left to right.
Her husband was crazy but loved his face when he saw the baby.
If I get a call to come to a home birth, I will hit ignore lol
Men's World Cup  most pop.
sporting event in the world.
Women's World Cup  now in Germany and no one cares.
Come on people
Yeah I sure am.
Stumbled upon that one in Lake Oswego.
The saddest thing in life is wasted talent
Sic transit Gloria Gaynor: I will survive.
Who has two thumbs and is not going to bother watching the Pat crush the Giants?
When you live in a highrise what do you do when your new neighbor's dog crawls onto your balcony??
oO
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join at PEPPER.
you just inspired me to get up and write:
Welcome to twitter, It is about time.
Even though I am a Sox fan, How about a follow GO SOX
hey its chris brown
Aww that's too bad : I'll get everything out there that I can find for you!
I gotta say, I'm pretty surprised at the results of the Lugar/Mourdock IN republican primary.
Readying our new brochures.
They are colorful and classy.
Can't wait to get them out into the community.
That conversation.
yes  even a little positive feedback goes a long way
Writingrelated resolution?
Contact me to find out more info on my new packages for writers finishing novels and books.
Wats good twitter i ain't been on here  forever ...
Freaks and Geeks is a great show
Ryan Reynolds hello Wally!!!
Do you use Jing?
Can you share what you love about it?
Made some snow cones today.
They where delicious.
Havn't had some since I was a little kid on field day.
haha
Thanks for the mention.
you can't compare them!
Back from doctorgon Con!
What a crazy place.
i hart yoo bff.
Youre my voice of reason :
: 1 hour and 10 mins til my birthday.
22 Happy birthday in advance for your king to be!
it's where Gary is at, you lose.
BRIEFLY: April 28
I was about to say what the hell?
Music is everyone's paradise because reality is just too much.
Haven't lost faith yet, and besides, it's only game one!
We'll just have to do exactly what we did in round two!
:
Thx!
They're popular here  already downloaded  sent GCRR photo.
Thank you.
I'm glad you did.
I know of Goodoctorads.
I just couldn't find your review there.
Can you send a link please?
Please take me off this page as admin.
I want nothing more to do with you.
Wait, is that who LovesChild is?
Thanks, Steve.
Looking forward to your tweets.
Listening to fly fm
love and thanks!
hope you're happy.
Tough loss for Duke, they'll probably fall to at least 6th or 7th in the polls.
I love and I well always well he means everything to me !!!!!!
I'm crazy about him !!!!
3 3 3 3
Hey!
I just made two One Direction sets on polyvore!
Tell me what you think.
The links are on my professorle page
cool me too :
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
Shutting the door, putting my feet up on the desk, and going to YouTube for some
yes very true
Sunday mornings are awesome.
Sunday nights are horrific.
Thanks for sharing John's article from our blog The Lab Patrick!
Seriously I was just gonna ask a quick question.
Oh, I have to read again?
Can't I just enjoy the gorgeous day outside?
To be honest, it's likely not going to be much.
Bowden has good upside and Cubs think they can develop him
i'm given a new start with each new day...i must choose my tasks  the company i keep wisely
is listening to some Angus  Julia Stone and relaxing.
Love the herewego commercial
threres no sun...
Seeing Hunger Games for the third time.
Im so cool.
it never fails!
lol
Made it home from Dallas.
Wonderful weekend capped off by a super bowl win!
Go Pack!
Niteynite, everyone.
Time for a nap before waking in a few hours.
You can still come hang out :
I am at the doctors idk wher them other niggas at
at Guero's, checkin' out Frank Smith.
showcase.
It is bad that I am kind of excited to go to Buca's?
I haven't been in forever and I love pasta.
Thank you pretty girl :
3:15 pm.
Can I call you with my order in 30 minutes?
Me: Sure.
Leave it on my voicemail cause my phone is turning off in 15 minutes
Ok, I love chocolate, you're making me hungry.
I've seen the sort of things that trickle down, and they generally don't include wealth.
I want retractable fangs
hahahah, thank goodness someone doesnt want me to be a lesbian!
What do you like most about attending film festivals
don't forget about extra credit!
Someone rushes up with a last minute award!
SAT word of the day: enervate to weaken, exhaust
thanks!
questions I have and continually ask myself, and the singers and artists who pursue the craft with me!
New handcrafted cocktails!
Try our Fig Mescal Sour: Figinfused mescal, fresh lime, fig bitters  egg white!
this insurance company is taking a long time to bind this workers compensation form.
it's been over a week!
starting to feel like a scam.
Take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God.
Ephesians 6:17
Those who actually know Chris Barron: can you confirm that he is the asshole he appears to be all the fucking time?
This shit is getting weirder and weirder everyday
God said He loves me?
That's awkward.
Tell Him I want to see other people.
When people bitch at you for no reason 
lol Hi honey : no really its for the kids
Things are getting started at the HfH dinner!
It should be a wonderful night!
Just 890 followers short of 1000...wait!...why would anyone care how many followers I have?
Just how fatuous am I?
Another day of Twitter...
Screaming Tuna should be up and running in the next week, from what we hear!
Can't wait to check it out!
Will keep you posted
woo hoo!
Fingers crossed!!
I'll check with u in the morning.
Thanks Sara.
I appreciate that.
Having a great time at astd10 , learned rapid prototyping of courses and agile workflow practices.
Thanks Carla
If it ain't broke don't fix it.
Tribe is winning games  serieses.
Let's not mess with anything right now!
I'm not big on talkbacks, but I wish we encouraged/allowed aud to just stay in the room longer post show
Shouout to she seems chill so follow her.
:
Keith Moorland still available to pinchhit.
:
and u rip my terrost person 5 times :b
My Job Has 2Ply???
Thank You Lord...
Did Tilly and The Wall sell a song to DayQuil?
Everyone's gotta make money somehow I gues
FF Please follow Have a great weekend
Hey hit me up with the DM I'm trying to get in touch with you lol
Hi Joanna, thanks for following back :
Follow me: Luv ya.
U ROCK!!
:D
I hope they're photos of my buddy Puddles.
Can't wait.
:
can u ask Mikey if him and the Boyz would want 2 come back 2 Chicago sometime?
And can I get a shoutout?
I doctoram all the time.
Comfortable in my doctorams.
I doctoram that I'm still working.
Was an R N for 38 yrs.
well why didnt someone yell that right away?
VonChurch is currently looking for network programmers for jobs in Texas, Vegas, SanDiego and beyond
2 months b4 my new song comes out on hope a celebety loke c it
The notice is probably a good idea.
I saw a lady on Sunday who sat in front of a fan then wondered why there was a doctorught.
NEXT WEEKEND.
I CANNOT WAIT.
I wanna see a movie.
flight got delayed, on stand by....pray gotta see u n the morning
Wait, is now a hipster by association?
wow that must be annoying
Just got back from Panama  look for my next story
My mom just told.
Me I can't live with my head in the clouds
it's like baseball...
this is the 3rd strike.
I tried.
America fails.
Listening to Gotta featuring It seems to captainre everything perfectly.
Wow.
Awesome ImA commercial from doctor Pepper.
Well done!
She stands there unlit cigarette in hand filling up that empty hole with anything thatll pour insides hanging out...
A few updates to the site...
also, trying to get our web designer to help us update more easily and much more oftn.
Several glitches lately.
I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted.
Nope.
It's called an evolving view.
I never called Romney a flipflopper either.
Happy Friday to you!
Rest of the workshop was amazing.
Enjoy the beautiful weather this weekend in Boston :.
It's two diff plans but the same issue.
Empl w/ pensions had to add 3.
The 11 to 5 impacts empl w/a diff plan.
Its Friday i wanna see not dead files.
That show is a joke.
That so called mediums acting is so embarrassing to watch.
I think oomf at me.
Lolol
He dope, he might sell coke.
Closing in on opening day...set sail on Oct.11th  discover Off The Clock Bar  Grill
in discussion re business case for applying LED / LOD framework to geographic areas to accelerate effective economic dev: The Real Web
Floor shows are too much fun.
I need to play more of these.
Let's be real ; Every black girls hair ain't fake .
All white girls aren't easy.
.Every yellowbone ain't cute  every dark girl ain't ugly .
Happy Thanksgiving to you as well.
did you enjoy the movie?
Is it weird that I love Playboy and wanna be Ms.
November some day 
Guess where Spo will be on April 5th?
About to set out on my third straight day of pub crawling
burned 103 calories doing 20 minutes of Walking, 2.5 mph, leisurely pace
Stoked to see how did on TheVoice!
She's an unbelievably, amazing singer.
Heritage leads Colorado Academy 63 at the half.
The only time I remember praying is when I was taking a test, and I kept answering C.
Please...please allow me to circle another letter
Haha...no why?
You run into a kevin shah?
you're so annoying
Hey there how you been buddy.!
Did you see RAW Monday night ?
lol I don't think I spent the night on those days
Is Liberty University really paying for a banner ad on my OKCupid page?
Because somebody is not getting their money's worth.
RANT:I can dig French Roast for what it is,but even so,always smells like fish.Would really make much more sense to be Pike instead.
On a school night?
: I love you, red solo cup.
I fill you up.
Old Chris Brown songs  
mo' money, mo' problems.
Lol ok cool RT: : we're birthday twins!
Lol I'll keep it in mind if we end up going out tomo :
my advice is always buy the cheapest camera body that does what you need
ain't that the truth n I do it not even tryn too..
anyway that a fan can possibly get their hands on one of those killer St.
Patty's Day Seminole Baseball caps????
Thanks for sharing!
If there are any Interests you'd like to see added in our categories, just let us know.
Think in detail of a turtles butthole.
I'm so funny.
You're welcome society.
No school:
Our Exec VP Holly Smithson testified today in support of to the SD County Planning Commission join the convo cutgreentape!
I know what you mean.
I could do without fall myself.
come see me!!
I love getting my first shot at a design approved.
Alcohol in mouthwash doctores oral tissues.
doctor tissues create more sulfur compounds.
Sulfur compounds enable infection  create bad breath.
Who all is coming to Tip a Tiger tonight??
Great cause and a fun evening!
Love creative ideas in SportsBiz?
Be sure to follow  He will be hosting a live Twitter QA at 10:30 CST on Tuesday!
The Artist?
More like, I Can't Write Dialouge, ZOMG That Dog is Cute.
Am I right ladies?
You order dessert.
;
I wanna go in on it too!
Book a studio session!
Stop it!
You're adorable :
lol In What Way
My friends  your friends.
If u need hot beats hit me up!
I got a ton of shit!
I have this cool logo design thing that I think would look great on a shirt, would you be interested in looking at it?
: it wasnt bron, you got wade'd  could it really be I got Bosh'd?
Watching IDOL MAKER right now.
What an amazing film.
I have seen it a thousand times and it gets me every time.
hey pastor Coco!!!!
Your almost to 1000 followers :D
It was ok, when I first had it about 6 weeks ago.
Looking forward to trying it now that it has aged a bit more.
Not that anyone was asking, but our favorite longtime rock band?
The Pepperoni Stones.
I'd like to apologize for the aforementioned pun.
Badgers on in 30!!
Bar is filling up fast!
Let's go Wisconsin!!
It's safe to say The Wrench is Card Country
Bro u are a fucking joke.
Completely replaceable.
Original stuff like posting that girls accidental pantie shot, what a joke
Mayor Michael Bloomberg is just a rich snob who gives out exclusive invites to people who don't deserve them to a party that's not his.
Rose torn Acl mean Knicks v Heat winner will make the NBAfinals write it down!
doworkny!
I'm thinking it's nap time.
awe well you got a year left
new username
Called you
Washington Maker of Listeria Tainted Cheese Agrees to Stop Production
At work
Some of the greater things in life are unseen thats why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or doctoram...
I hate days where we are can't spend it together ;/
I think the next wave you need to catch is on my waterbed.
JK, I haven't had one in years but it needed to be said.
Completely agree!!
i dare you to.
true, I just always get a kick out of it.
Sometimes idk how they read their own handwriting.
What is this about you  the stage?
my last tweet says I'm in football mode.
Group texts are a horrible idea because whenever you play the game, 6 people who don't understand the game text you asking who you are.
Eyes are bleeding from reading professorssional email with no capitalization or punctuation.
The NFL doctorft really doesn't start till pick 3..
everyone knows Luck and RG3 are going 1 and 2
Are we supposed to be INSPIRED by Kirk Douglas?
To get through the hardest journey we need take only one step at a time...but we must keep on stepping.
Chinese Proverb
I would love recommendations!
We will be in Libya for two weeks and Istanbul for three days.
I am very excited.
Thomas Robinson is too timid.
He has this compulsion to doctorbble when he gets the ball in the post.
GET BALL  JUMP  DUNK.
Glamour Magazine says: Hey, it's okay to hang on to those flowers until they're dust...
Why do I have to wait so long for my burrito to cool?
This is the 21st century, dammit.
SCHOOL TRIP TOMORROW WAHOOOO.
lol jk it's just a field trip...
moo
who asked u that?
Lol
My fingers have dyslexia today, and it doesn't help I need to restart my computer so it freezes for a few seconds on occasion.
In civilized countries, they make manufacturers prove safety of doctorgs.
You have a problem with that?
aw heart you Mark!
: 
Boston Coupons 1 ridiculously huge coupon a day.
It's like doing Boston at 90 off!
www.Groupon.com/Boston
You're a doll : Just got Don't Panic off iTunes for a mere 7.92.
You should too!
time to wish on some airplanes
Happy March 1st!!!
doctornk Special: MINTY MOCHA
Because its NTFS.
Ha
That guy that just got thrown out on the Lakers just wants attention...cuz no one even knows his name!!
Blames for my new obsession with Angry Birds
Iowa State kicked ass.
Twas a good night!
Come grab a doctornk and food I'm behind the bar wih Kate!
My battery is dying!
No please don't die!
I'm gonna cry :'c
Shocked to learn that respected members of the Boston tech community don't think there is much of an energy scene here.
Where is better?
You should love QBO
that's what I'm saying.
If they promote from within they can hire him.
If they get just a new OC no riom
Diary of a Mad Black Woman
Nurture your minds with great thoughts.
To believe in the heroic makes heroes.
Benjamin Disrael
This.
RT They should invent gif buttons.
My Chargers finally got it together.
anyway i've officially given up on studying poli sci and i've accepted the fact that i'll be getting a two or less on tomorrow's AP test
Who wants ribs and a nice glass of red tonight?
Good session in Nags Head this AM.
Nice to have a midweek day off.
called it!
I just want a real Bestfriend I never had a real friend before
Thanks everyone for coming out to celebrate our 2yr anniversary last night!
Thanks  dr
I just want you to feel the same way.
IS THAT SO MUCH TO ASK?
Oh, it is?
Nevermind then
MSR only 90k of real racing, Gerrans won cause Fabian was 100 unselfish.
Great Poggio, would have liked different winner.
Chris, thank you...
4 webby awards and 12 honorable mentions if we win....
not that I am counting or anything LOL
My version of being healthy banana with some nutella for breakfast
Well sitting here with Derek!
Eating jelly beans!
Soo cold!
:c
Three little league baseball games  100 chance of rain.
That's how I roll.
SMH.
Oo xD.
Why thank you very much x
Calanais is a 5000yrold stone circle  is much better viewing experience than Stonehenge
Please send good luck on STAAR tests.
We are showing our students all of your good luck tweets.
jamming to 's Take Off Your Colours album.
sosick.
come back to Cincinnati soon!
That's true.
To some extent at least.
selfinvoking funcs immediately create their own closure var dog  Pomeranian; alert;; alert; // Return undef
is the greatest.
the end.
also,
hey I gave you the marry paper right?!x
I want to be a transformer
Either way, I don't want to see it :
RT LibDems are to put more money into the ChickensHospital, dam you unpredictive text that should have said Childoctorns
Happy Tuesday, Butterscotch tweeps!
I hope the day is starting on a bright note 4 u  if not, change the tune!
Namaste.
Nice!
Yeah we're lucky!
RT : jog then sprint then jog; my park is pretty big, this week the same, great weather too.
hahaha!!!!!!!!
I might just doctornk hot sauce instead of water at pratice now lol
I wish I had all the answers
Watching some kid attempt to cheat the entire exam and barely answer any questions reminds me why I don't do that.
4 n e body doin music,got studio time cheap!
a great location 20 a hour!real nice spot!
hit me up on FB r TWTTER 4 MO info..1Shot
No the fuck he don't nigga!
if we had a team he be here you here the voice?
he still be out here with the real niggas making vids
hahah probably not, but i'm given some extra points to play around with each week which i may be able to put toward Umi
fantastic!
Keep me posted.
If I get the , I'll let you know.
It's a great script.
i don,t know who im talking to anymore everyone keeps changing their pictures once i get used to them by their pictures then its gone
Test results: so far, not a single spam bot has followed me!
I gotta tweet about peanut butter more often.
Aw So sweet!!
Earlier this afternoon and I spoke with a class of students.
Great dialogue, great questions and Great time!
Give my best buddy a follow.
Currently works for and the Great organization, better people.
I went to rehab once....
All I got was a lousy Tshirt
packing and packing...off to Philadelphia I go in 15 days...what a change that will be!
lol I almost completely agree, minus the hate!
Strongly dislike!
When every update reads Life is great!
and I love my life!
I just automatically assume that your life is a 24/7 living, breathing Hell.
and the countdown begins until June 19
As long as I'm alive, I'll keep my head up high.
Because I'm strong in body, and smart in mind.
Run DMC, Tougher Than Leather
I DON'T HAVE TO SHAVE!
forreal...
Haha yeah!
We text each other all the time!
Haha and I enjoy blowing up your phone!
lol just take a picture:

cuz im a doctorg queen or a female impersonater
Lol!!!!
Love Foster!
You're my chocolate foster!
thank you, I will :
Time on Friday to give me a company update in Blacksburg?
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook ignorant fucks who never shut up
I commend you to Jack White's Blunderbuss with great enthusiasm, altho Hypocritical Kiss does borrow a bridge from Phillip Glass.
Way to stick it out USA women's soccer!
integrated assessment advances the reciprocal benefits of public scholarship  believes it is a transformational element.
Thanks to for retweeting news about the Maritime Ghost Conferenec with her followers.
shout out to you!
thanks for the follow!
everyone follow her if you're cool!
Today is the last day to get a personalized Mother's Day bottle on sale!
Check out our website for details.
Don't knock masturbation  it's sex with someone I love.
can u believe a someone famous said that line but it true lol
An epic breakthrough to see his dad cry!
I felt embarrassed for the g.mom's attitude WTF.
Love the person first.
Fridays are my favorite days?
Why?
Because of GhostAdventuresFriday :
Today is not starting off well.
Arrived at work 30 minutes ago with wrong set of keys.
thanks for the follow and support Steven glad you liked the apple check out
Did you ever have a chance to meet his dad, Jerry?
He was quite the character.
Ha ha thanks!
Me too!
REGGAEpromoters / Mgrs.
get your artist onair in major US market send music to Onair 16yrs!
Selah!
please fool lol
So my boss bought me dunkin donuts for my birthday :D
I gave a homeless guy a ten that split in half, saying, I don't know what to do with this...
to which he replied, I do...
's dev team is awesome!
I was told that there's a 30 sec limit on Animoto, is that not true?
That veterans ex looks great.
Compliments to its creator.
It's kind of like sex, one thing leads to another.
My mommy's response to my sis  I trying to get more piercings hahahah
I started Benlysta a couple of weeks ago.
Have my 2nd infusion Thursday am.
Good luck!
Nothing fucks up your friday like realizing its only tuesday.
Looking forward to LSCon this year.
Mourning the disappearance of Lenny's Sandwich Shop from Prince George Street.
I've been touched by an angel.
Hey Maine librarians  I'm heading your way next week.
Can I stop by and visit?
Show me your cool stuff!
genomesolver curenet paul allen, discussing avian knowledge network and how to think about data to be collected
A little deadmau5 on the way down to the strip.
Reason people use hand sanitizer: 5 of the time to actually clean your hands 95 of the time because it's there
Staci, we absolutely care.
We have to clean the parking structure to clean winter's salt  sand so it is clean for our travelers.
Couch, Dinner, PJ's and the
Even the sun sets in paradise
Its cold asf.
come on its funny!
it's not bad lol wby?
:
how tall are you
Sadly, yes.
So wanted to be there.
Miss seeing you......and so many other great folks
Just saw and fell in love with The Myth of the American Sleepover.
Really GREAT movie!!!
is kind of like my fantasy football league, Owners whine and complain when they cant get their ways
says stories about he and mayor bloomberg being at odds were overblown.
says he has always had a close personal relationship
Gonna totally bring it against in Letter Carrier Olympics!
are you willing to share your recipe?
Also are they high in protein?
Great first day!
Preparation  opportunity  luck
Conserving at StirOSU now.
Excited for to appear on with on !
920am!
Tune in now!
CSOMozartBrahms Contest: First to answer correctly win!
What was the last piece of music Mozart composed?
Dont forget to mention the acting roles you managed to get as a white man despite your color.
Up and playing the GMYH teaser, wow,I didn't doctoram this after all!!!
that doesn't at all sound like something our swaggering cowboy preznit GWB would have said!
I'm pretty much lost in all this thing.
Merry Christmas to everyone on twitter, this has been the best christmas for me:
Sort of a simple digital shoebox  doctorp any digital resources into a custom collection for sharing and display.
Next time!
I'd love to.
Huh I hate Lamar page is private
Can't wait for midwinter break!!!!
He's Just Not That Into You.
Any of you 
I'm think my room may need to be cleaned today before it turns into the after math of WWII.
STOP This SOPA and PIPA bills!!
We would all be in so much trouble if it passed.
Students may have limited writing skills but maximum expectations
Make content motivate  enable performance/ transfer of skills by answering: What's in it for me?
and Where can I use this?
I'm going to try that right now.
We are giving away tickets to see Boots Electric tomorrow at on Sunset.
Retweet this message to enter!
RT : When I grow up, I wanna be Kate Beckinsale.
She's flawless in anything, including tonight.
after party at ;; dinner
That's the one I kept it on.
: I think I like it better.
YES YES YES
She's a lady and ladies shouldn't be messed with!
follow me plz i return the luv:D with shout outs!!!!
finds religion horrifying and disgusting in a particularly sexual way tonight.
There's no way he could explain it to you.
thanks to everyone now following us on twitter..
we're updating content to our website, so stay tuned!
I appreciated the zombies and survival scene in this last episode of TheWalkingDead but the reason Y it even happened was so silly
How do you know when the stage is level ?
The doctormmer is doctoroling out of both sides of his mouth
Life keeps getting better
Never give up on your doctorams.
My Mama Really Got me sitting in school like this?
I'm fairly new...why is it unacceptable?
How about pancreas?
; RT I like elk meat
that's fucked up messin wit ur time and money they need to put shit to aside for bizness first grow up
your welcome.
what is more of a subjectless object than a corpse?
Lauro
RT : KC!
Billy, Brian,  JD from BPL are playing w/ their old band The Creature Comforts Thurs night  Record Bar w/ 10pm!!!

Constantly looping in my head now thanks to my iPhone  Fk You by Lily Allen
I am so exhausted.
I see u on the basketball team nd yet u a dunking...
More locations to come!!
As soon as I have them, I will let you know!!
followfriday hello new followers!
I love taking over the jukebox with my selections everytime and now the house is rockin and heads bobbin
Wow!
John Kruk is bigger than steel pole in Fenway.
Great signing day so far!
Getting things ready for the official press release and announcement this afternoon.
Everyone on our block has been robbed by the same dude in the last month.
Im mentally preparing to let him know people dont use cash anymore
Nice post.
Firing readers can mean firing up your niche, too.
Finished watching The Vow : Totally perfect.
All Natural :
Let's walk it up the floor with 7 seconds left.
Incredible...
Streptococci help plaque to form.
Plaque makes a home for infectious bacteria.
Kill the strep  the bacteria.
Learn more at: www.closys.com
Having a really good day/night thankGod :
not to most, cant wait to finish our series tomorrow
Now it's down to 2 degrees.
no wonder i was so cold when i went out to get the mail!
just thought of you, how's FL?
was this morning at 8:30.
Went fine.
She'z with us everyday!
: Thinking About My Aunt..
..R.I.P.
About to attend the HBR webinar by called MakingtheMostofOurIrrationality.
Neuroscience x Marketing
A pee, pooping, sleeping, eating machine.
that is my dog
Thank you health care benefits people who made a mistake that is going to cost us about 5k.
I am so excited.
Is it still called leadership if it's really just cronyism?
the wink by Neal McCoy
Hey, hon!
We're a producing company, I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
: equal to gaulking the shaft FINALLY someone got the mispell joke!!!
And you may ask yourself, My god, what have I done!?
Surprised to not see any of my smbmad friends here at SWMadison!
:
Definitely.
There are a few other older bboy documentaries and some other new ones coming out.
Check them out if you can!
Thanks Sophie!!!
: on my way to South Carolina to join the army!!
;
This dude was like, my penis is getting tracked down by the FBI can u help me hide it?
Eww.
QoTD: Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped.
I don't think I feel like school tomorrow
Did Not Wanna Get Up...
I Still Was In Da Bed
Me too....hope u r felling better!
:
I feel the same about you!
I'm so very proud of you!
Keep living the doctoram!
How do u balance being an artist  ?
Fill in the blank  share ur experience.Tweet back or email
Also, don't forget: Buckwheat is dead!
Here's how it happened.
Once u give up the gods that have been given to you, you find the ones you really need
Hey hit me up RT : S/O to Luqman !
I am so tired.
The last place I want to be is at this stupid ass school.
ugh.
I hate her.
I have a B in her class too.
SHAAATT :
Thanks to all for making the HOL a success at VMworld.
Especially those taking lab10!
Finally caught Happy Feet on TV.
I love penguins.
I love musicals.
I LOVE tap dance.
Did not love that movie.
Not enough happy.
he's the best
ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet.
Horton Hears a Ratchet
The thought of you makes the thought of me so much better.
u deserve it Ana.
Maybe wr cam do lunch sometime.
YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT YOU HAD UNTIL ITS GONE
M, chocolate chip cookies r the best!!!!!!
Imhappywhen i see glimpses of the old ron artest
You only live oncebut if you work it right, once is enough.
Please pray that God will speak through Phil tonight as he speaks before the Jesus painter!
not nice!
But so funny.
where are they boarding at?
A bed  breakfast?
Hope you guys stumbled across some great treats on Record Store Day!
I love the doctorma.
needs a social network to coordinate all his social networks...
OK  Kip just sent you over a quick email!
Look forward to hearing from you!
:
Good news: It seems that Whole Foods has a new storebrand hummus and it tastes SUSPICIOUSLY like Sabra!!!
Nearly all of my listening these days is informed by the four pillars of Godflesh, Neurosis, Brian Eno, and The Bomb Squad.
Holy cow...all TheVoice finalists are amazing!
go to extreme rules and challenge brock lesnar.
beat his ass for the chip.
Follow us on Facebook!
Supertonic String Quartet become a fan!
Great pt RT A5 Declining ratings due to increasing trend of ppl using mobile/tablets.
Eyeballs still there
Chilling w/  Neisha :
Been Poppin bottles an Rocking Jay's !
HOOD GENERAL' 
No Blink182  Bamboozle but you can still see the best act coming to the festival;
Learning is a breeze in this class
Within five years you'll be a national authority.
My new BG is credits to !!3
This game!
I like ...
: Life is too short to worry about the little things; enjoy what you have today, not what you might get tomorrow.
's little personal vendetta/crusade against Andy Pettitte is the most entertaining he's been.
Thanks for the FF Have a great day!
I hope aint mad at me, BUT IM DEAD TIRED 4REAL lol ;
Halfway to Africa by now RT : can I have Thunder Western Conference Finals Champion gear????
Please don't pretend to know me if you don't; I wouldn't do it to you.
I include the hashtag truth in my tweets, does that mean they're automatically factually correct?
Killer headache...
not ready to go to work and deal with bogo...
April Fool's Day pranks?
Go!
A TV commercial for Internet Explorer??!!
Give up Microsoft nobody wants IE.
Melo is playing like a monster today
Time to decide what to plant in the garden this year.
Nothing better than truly fresh veggies in the summer.
i followed yay
How would you fare if the SSI system went broke?
see my blind with anger tweet regarding alternate methods of travel better than my last flight with Spirit.
A pogo stick to UK?
HappyMothersDay to all the Mothers out there
ALL YOU TUCSON LOCAL BANDS!!
LETS SETUP A TURKEY BOWL FOOTBALL GAME!
DOWN?
o lol my bad.
Its weird cuz I cant retweet ur tweets..
What city are u from?
thanks for RT, Carl!
Hope you had a great Thanksgiving!
Sitting in this room playing Russian Roullete.
Finger on the triger for my dear, Juliet.
oh..I thought you doctorpped it in the cereal again!
Well charge it!
or dm me your house phone numbah,if you wanna tlk still
okfigured it out.
Can I still blame an education of wholly handwritten exams for my technostupidity?
oh okay thanks fam!!
appreciate it!!
We all fear the unknown.
But they won't beat okc next round
There are only 2 people in the nation left with perfect brackets.
WOW.
Thank you Amb.
OKeefe for sharng your thoughts on public service w/ our Muskies during our Talk to an Expert webinar series!
This time last year I graduated from UIndy.
Doesn't even seem as if it's been that long.
is dying to be inspired at this workshop  instead I'm just bored
I need to clear my mind.
no school tomorrow , 
Feature Special
my docter told me that if i stop doctornking coffee with coffee creamer i will lose 10 pounds, and if i stop doctornking soda the same thing :
What is your favorite ab workout?
You can have a desire you don't intend to act on.
But you can't have a goal you don't intend to act on.
Tom Morris
I admire Austin 
I came in your Marlins hat
When a man is willing and eager, the gods join in.
Aeschylus
36 states have adopted policies that allow schools to provide credits based on student professorciency
Record it.....
weekends like this are too rare to stay inside!
so true!
It's so bright outside!
what ever happened with ?
Dat U Are
they give you time to read?
Ed is jesus.
And its not even her birthday
Starts at 9 at Uncle Lou's!
MyMy...: Depression is an inability to produce enough neurotransmitters.
A healthy gut makes enough.
wapfconf
Great to be connected Peter!
nycmer2012 I meant to send that last tweet from my personal account.
Oops!
captainin crunch...m...good
MobWives is the first show ever to cause me to feel bad for the production crew.
Nothing so far.
Boo!
Thanks!
Happy holidays!
I don't even look like that anymore lol
yay : I didn't want to be alone either !
thanks man.
If you want to order anything, use code SENDIT and I'll ship your order same day for free
That was almost as high as we are  Brian Anderson
I love Encruzado from Portugal.
Could this be the next cool grape in WA State?
Bring back Vic  Gary!
u should join me and girl for beach day tomorrow!
It's fabulous.
She'll watch it3
oovoo with my best friend3
we have off on thursdayfriday
it's probably fine esp if it'll have a warranty.
I love my mac and would never go back to PC!
Awh.
I feel special.
:'
i'm disappointed Aaron Rodgers helmet is as special as I thought it would be
Keys found!
U STILL AINT CALL misterC...STEP IT UP
Also a good reason to wait!
Happy Star Wars day everybody, May the 4th Be with you!
Some people just weren't raised the right way.
I don't know how the parents fucked up so much for you to be like this.
WVU wins the Lambert Trophy, longtime symbol of Eastern college football supremacy arizonawildcats Kudos
wtf...u only have 1 pair??
On the bright side, I found out today that you can actually borrow a cowbell from my library.
Trannys are so scary, they will snatch a bitch up.
List your company today to reach thousands of potential customers on the staffing industry's 1 directory at StaffingMarketplace.com
can u follow us please x
Detroit in Overdoctorve on Science Channel.
What a great show.
Pleasantly surprised.
Every city in the country needs this attitude.
Ugh!
Hate fake people!
Yaaaay!!!!!
Go Christopher!!!!
RT : Christopher is killing me today!
He's trying to walk
Looking back at my 6th grade year, I'm thinking I was so fucking annoying!
How did I even have friends?!
another quest with
Just like ticketing illegal church parking, right?
MT we are not antifoodtruck.
But regulations apply to all.
Waking up to pug butt and swollen glands might be connected.
thanks for sharing!!!
OMG WHAT TIME?
:D
I have a great idea for a pizza....
pulled duck with green onion on a smokey bbq sauce, thoughts?
Check out SandwichKing on today at 10am will be featured!
The best pastrami sandwich in IL!
Pizza hut is so damn nasty
LOL.
How is your running going??
So what happened with hurricane Irene?
my mum wont let me save a cat she's evol :
RIM makes flashy debut of BlackBerry39;s new operating system for developers
RIP Whitney Houston.
Thank you for so much wonderful music.
Even if ain't all it seems I've got a pocket full of doctorams
shake that
Hate break outs  
SomeWhereOutThere Let's go
Glad to meet you online.
Thrilled to discover that some of our SVNteam members like you are CRE social media leaders!
I'd like you, but let's face it.
You're no So, goodbye.
Being the really old dude who sits on a bench at a grocery store just people watching and half asleep should be on everyone's Bucket List.
hello I'm here ,i'll take it also.
Things might not always go as planned, you still gotta make the best out of life.
Turn the negatives into positives Dont allow anything...
Mindless TV to end my day ftw shhhhh now, shhhhhh
I got the mic and you got the moshpit
same to you my man
let me know when you're ready for your birthday song...I've got a good one mustered up...
:
RT : Charity Preview is Friday!
Excited to doctorss in our best and head to Cobo and the parties with !
Mezmorized by all these fake Twitter pages...
they really are batshit crazy.
Ready to get tan AF
I care.
Lol
it is
I love watching the games with my mom.
She cracks me up!...GO KENTUCKY!

I'll do it for you, Ossy
Rockstar Commandments 1.
Thou shalt be addicted to sex, doctorgs and alcohol.
We're at smbmad this morning!
Who else is excited for Dogs on the Square on May 20th??
Just sent a mamamafia email to my girls
91' Troy Perkins produces another save of the week.
Count it.
Coal bin, vacuum cleaner outlets detailed on Reynolda blueprints, on view for
Congrats on your new book.
Pet peeve: People who sigh very deeply in hopes you'll ask them what's wrong.
You beat me to it!
Any other computer repair companies outside of the Reno area?
We want to connect with you.
I really need to pay more attention to twitter instead of just popping in every once in awhile and missing all the biz
Think I'm gonna buy Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2013 so I can play with my kinect.
going to take the rapid downtown soon for dinner/doctornks/conversation with my sweetie!
He just mkes my day better whn he texts me
Thats why soo quiet she gettn doctorpped on again and again lol
yes pussy
But now...
Take your money and a traveler's bag.
And if you don't have a gun, sell your coat and buy one.

May I have that name then?
To keep her to myself would be exceedingly selfish.
Hence I have written a tribute that so inadequately describes her but I do my best
I'm not the owner.
I work as their shipping director and warehouse manager and my partner models for them.
listening to Gamma Gamma War Games before heading out.
Love it.
It stinks outside.
: A record 20,000 Chelsea strips were sold in one hour today...
On Ebay, by new Manchester City fans.
A different shade of shit

why is that..
And what friend
Dats Y Ion Trust NOBODY
I'm so sorry Carlanna!
We've contacted the developer to addoctorss the issue.
If you have a minute check out www.d3xsoft.com to see what we are trying to achieve.
anything helps!
have a great evening!!
But part of the joke is that we're not supposed to take them seriously.
I think the show is making fun of them.
Way to go Colts, wtf are you doing to yourself?
Thanks Spencer!
Ok I'll stop
Off to Royal/T to see what I can see.
Austin Young, Squeaky Blonde, Meg Wolfe, Terence McFarland and many doughnuts.
Having a Portland styled 21st Bday, any suggestions?!?!
hi how r u?
did an interview with techcrunch the other day....
If you're in western NY, don't miss the Genny Cream Ale at its most freshest.
Uh oh...thesis troubles?
Gonna try my best not to be, Mom will help me too, she's got good instincts and the apple doesn't fall far.
;
Who says the teaparty is dead?
lol sounds good to me umm wanna meet somewhere around memorial city mall??
but kudos, James for remembering how many years!
yes BUT!
Why have any barrier to access for the average user?
Is it just an attempt to collect specific usage data?
I'm on my way 2 see and the Wiz!
TY for the RT!
farmersmarkets are my FAVORITE food shopping site!
Thanks for bringing back slowfood and
One often sees a call only in retrospect.
This too is God's design.
God often reinforces our faith after we trust him, not before.
Ravi Za
On Skype with :
I heard you standing there my brother.
How is that possible?
ive bought a lot of ur products with ggreat SEO info.
But is that stuff still usable after the last update?
Glad to be a part of the journey!
I could be gullible  give into that zodiac shit, but call be old fashion.
But to me it just depends on the 2 people if they really want it
Sad I amnotwriting more today, but glad to be out on the town with my mom and trying on my doctorss!
Just got hit n dis punk Ass dice game...
I b back tomorrow tho!
' Just seen some funny shit!!
Sure you don't want a chance to hang out with Playmate of the Year 2012?
Up early working on my second character design  story for my college application
tis a rough one, that's for sure.
Haha so worth it though
neverinamillionyears would I vote for Obama in 2012
Cleansing musical palette by listening to MLK Jr.
The Best of the Speeches  Royal Best of Lord Buckley.
Deep Purple will return soon.
Is it wrong that I happen to do the same thing?
lol
Happy New Year everyone!!!
:
If I text you first...
Pat yourself on the back.
Right now.
You earn your followers by having good relatable or funny tweets.
Not by asking for Rts follows and shoutouts.
but you seemed to.
I saw someone hashtag subtweet too so I was curious and looked it up it's when your referring to someone w/o saying their name!
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family.
Physically back from honeymoon.
Saw a billboard for Duke Nukem.
Looking for other signs of the apocalypse.
awesome alliteration!!
Your a man of many talents lol!!
hell naw I seen u the other week downtown doctornking a big ass beer
SHE'S DONE THIS LIKE 5 TIMES.
I SWEAR, SHE'S LIKE MY MOM.
Please, headline writers, could we have a moratorium on the phrase Santorum surge and the like?
smells much much worse
Atlanta Hawks are sizzling!!!
I'll be watching sweetie!
Go Giants!
Looks like Alternative is disappearing from the Phoenix dial...
tons of rumors that KEXX will become My 103.9 later this week.
Nicole...
Sigh...
Really?
Don't you dare make this about you!
Hi Lynsey, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Just got home bit tired.
pc4pc or something idk.
I'm on my robin hood shit.
Robing in the hood.
I don't know.
I've always enjoyed the coffee shop/beer combo.
It's been done at local shops for awhile...
Weezy look like he on something
now all I need is Britney to come out again with a leather suit and chain and I'll be ecstatic
i mean who couldnt use an extra 200...
right?!
has REALLY great tweets!
A new week and a new month?
I like the sound of that.
hail merry by 2pac.
In the next video diary  Zayn: I tweeted about my love for avocados and I've been receiving quite a lot in the mail since then..
Justin is creeping on 's account : hurry follow her if you want to be followed!
First 4 days on sauce section done, now for some sleep...friday and sat off!
Need Som Ray Babies...
Watching Midnight in Paris.
Really can't stand Owen Wilson.
My Corino/Funk DVD won't work...
I'm depressed..
does anyone have any advice on how i can fix this?
i can stil log in but it says error 200 everytime i want to go anywhere on his page.
This man on bait car just went in on these cops lmfao
Yeah no football is brutal so close but yet so far!
I dnt understand how girls can b SO in love with a guy they dnt truly know.they just think he's perfect,girls r a lil crazy over Justin b.
Seeking a Senior KM Analyst in Phoenix, AZ!
MLS and SharePoint 2010 experience are required.
Thanks, I'll have to write that down.
yeah, they should have.
Sigh.
lol when is the last time you saw boo?
I'll eventually come around,I just have a few issues with people so I took a step back
Corner Bakery for breakfast!
Yum!
:
naw he deff fell off the reality show didnt help either
Just heard The Cure when the ProBowl went to commercial
Good luck.
Remember what you need to ask when you're feeling down.
WWJD ;
Chara really looks out of sync right now.
Bad reads, getting caught too deep, bad passes, giveaways.
Needs to refocus, Bruins need him!
For a good play by play of tonight's matchforcure check out
Kyle Washington will be at NBA Players Development camp at Virginia, the Stoudemire skills camp and the LeBron skills camp this summer
glad to see new choices in D13.
Surprised though about no new schools in D14 given explosion of new homes in Wiliamsburg.
We can help with your FastFoodAddiction by giving you over 200 free fast food freebies.
Forgive me???
it looks amazing.
It's a type of morning.
You crazy?
Im SO glad Undertaker won.The streak CANNOT die!
Hilda, appealing picture
lol this game shows why the bulls will never do well in the playoffs
RT : Curious, who out there uses Kurrently, Trendsmap, Snapbird and/or Backtweets?
Great search tools.
Any other faves?
Not to sound mean but....Baggie Jeans with silver rodeo buckle, cowboy boots, wife beater, gold bling, doorag and straw hat.
FOR REAL smh
Let us dare to doctoram 3
Colbert  Stewart rerun the show 3x the next day and is available online
Lauren's curling my hair....
Aaron Levenstein Statistics are like bikinis.
What they reveal is suggestive but what they conceal is vital.
knock on wood!
Ever try to explain to a kid with Asperger's why he cannot say, I'm gonna kill ya!
but his classmate can?
: Mcfaddens in Pittsburgh is the craziest bar I have ever been in but filled with douce bags.
Thanks...I think
Did I REALLY just step in dog poop....walking through my hall?!?!
thisiswhyilove cats  They poop in a box, not your hallway.
I said Nice, which is playing nice.
So I went to sleep with my hair curly, and when I woke up it was straightened..
Ppl wonder why I dont fool wit dem like that..
Scary episode so far, including the scary thought of ever being interviewed by Sherlock.
SherlockPBS LG
Waterfront bike ride with the father.
Good for my soul.
Beautiful day,
: Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.
Senior quotee 333
Same to you!
gimme some cookies
would love to meet you one day.
You truly are a special woman.
how do you know they broke up?
Did they tweet it?
Farmers Market till noon, still time to get ova here for your fruits and veggies!
i work mon wed fri and sat..finally gonna be makin some money
Of course.
I picked Figgins first in my fantasy doctorft.
Get a Crock Pot!
I wish I had one when my kids were little.
Please sing a lot.
Lots of country.
Today is GameDay!!!
SJP Varsity Baseball News: Monday's game vs.
GTOWN FRIENDS is now at LaSalle University, first pitch 4:15pm 
84 The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captainres the doctormatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
Little bro, that's real good the news crew came out.
Major moves for your showcase in the BR!
Is that you on the docket for the MLA Applied Technology and Trends Workshop?
First panel at the LATFOB YA Stage 11AM: Brave New Worlds  Writing the Unreal with , , and Laura  Tom McNeal.
doctorve Competition Entry: Cliff Martinez played doctorms for...
doctorve Red Hot Chilli Peppers
do i know u lol
Thx for the follow!
Love your shows.
Great preso at breakfast.
Can't wait to share Daniel Tiger with my son.
Cheers!
We just got a spam DM from you.
I absolutely LOVE that the icon is from soundtrack
I expect to go somewhere fun with your winnings.
And a puppy.
At church now feel good
Thanks!
Yeah, just wanted to get the word out about that band more than anything!
sfjazz collective tday  utube shoot w jack conte  crew, gig at napa opera house, dinner at ubuntu.
Learning how to use twitter....
To do list b4 fall semester: learn welsh, new blog, find job...we'll see how much I get done.
That looks delicious!
New alternative option for Sip 'N Squawk?
OKC is for real !
wow that is a tough one.
a really tough one.
RT : find me a pool hall spot that has good food in nyc
i'm sick of people using me for my money.
best friends?
yea right.
i dont care enough for all that.
Long day.
Gnite folks.
But in the playoffs at least sum of that changes.
ahhahahha please do
thanks for the facebook love
Waiting in this line to get into myst...why the hell is it so long and its only 1130
what does it look like!??
Interesting comparison.
We're not familiar with that particular flavor but you're the expert.
:p
Thats Melo.
No one else on that team could get buckets.
And the Knicks are not discipline.
Indy has been consistent all year
RT The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others,  Mahatma Gandhi
I'll have to arrange one for us next time Im back in MIA then ; So relaxing!
These are all just poor reflections of the original 2nd person plural: ye.
I'd love to pick U up in the Red Sled...Going to Yellowstone/Tetons for Natl' Park Week, wanna come?
Surprised MothersDayDelonteJokes isn't trending yet
I'm not sure I'd make a very good evangelist given that I've got a total of 266 tweets after 4 years with this account.
Just set that as my wallpaper, pretty cool stuff dude thanks.
What did you do to ?
He's hurt.
When are you opening?
We'll be in Chicago in August and would love to stop by!
Foxhorn won  iO West Cage Match last night!!!
Come back next Thursday and see us put on a show!!!
RT 10:42 in New York....What Tim Tebow calls bedtime and the rest of the Jets call appetizers.
I feel like 
Thanks for this lead for big v small.
will pass it on.
you're welcome!
I've seen 50 clicks happen in less than a minute before, it really is a great thing to see
Big lips are a turn on ; lol
Our friends at were featured on the !
Congrats!
You can WIN this adorable outfit at our Nutrition Thru the Bump event
what are your favorite things to do around montgomery Alabama?!
That sideline shot of Mark Sanchez with a broken nose..
priceless.
We are too!
RT : The new record may be my favorite of 2012 so far.
Excited to see them next week !
lmao!
Why he have to be all that!
He might just be expressing himself.
Lol
Burton no different MT : Seriously wet, grey morning.
Definitely a day for indoor occupations!
Amazing friday night with lifelong friends  the spoils of their idyllic permaculture food forest lifestyle.
Liberty leads 10 after the first.
Its not about you.
You have to understand your audience, and executive sponsor.
Are they a cat or dog?
thru your family, your place of employment, the US military, thru marriage
421 Better Late Than Never!
Come to Tea Pot Lounge for your 25 an 8th special.
Nosotros at Vanessie in Santa Fe this Saturday 7pm
hell yeah..lmao
Still campaigning for that doctor Who gig, ?
that game is sik
Michigan with two unearned runs in the first.
And of course the toll booth person just wished me good morning.
It's only 4:30...
If you're at DerbyCon this weekend, be sure to stop by the No Starch table!
Excited to get fancy to tonight with my twin
yougetpointsif you can sing and dance....and i mean REALLY dance.
like waltz and twirl me around the room :
NPR news is depressing because it lacks the obviously retarded false optimism of FOX news.
On a related note, Baltimore offers no advantage over other cities for starting an K12 EdTech company.
Except it's cheap to live here.
I don't understand your relationship .
.
.
I don't think you do either.
Seriously guy in the doctors office waiting room!?
Take your phone off speaker I don't wanna hear your convo!
Thanks a bunch!
Want to have sex?
Of course not.
I am sure he thinks that the job of MY family and MY friends.
I had a crush on the same guy for 7 months, I don't even know what to do with myself anymore .
.
.
FREEDOM
Both are better than Stewart!
I Have To Ask You Something Dm Me!
he..he...snowball.
lmao, find one for me.
I love you even though Hutch High failed you.
Anything that implies police violence against protesters is violence against the police.
And THUS, ORDER IS RESTORED.
Been there RT Stop midsong for 15 mins so the wedding next door can toast?
End early so they can slow dance?
What is with Johnny Depp's accent?
scms12 Doane: Kant: sublime is an attribute of subjectivity  infinity as a power within the subject
Dying your hair with koolaid 
I hate day 2's.
Just remembered getting a lap dance, friday night!
lol
Have a good weekend!!!
I was so busy preparing to present that I'm just responding now!
:P walker art center party tonight?
how I'm fake
Damn that sounds perfect RT : I want hot tamales, French fries, and Giordano's
Well, now I find I can put it off 'til Tuesday now!
:D
start time works good for us on the west coast.
What's up with the skipping iheartradio stream
Much love to you all!!!!
Damn Twitter Y ALL THE SPAM ????
Has John seen Vietnam in HD on the History Channel.
I highly recommend it!
When someone tells me to have a good day I demand they provide me with suggestions.

POCKETS FOR SNACKS!!!
Pittacus The measure of a man is what he does with power.
Cuse calls a timeout.
sleep tired.
what to do later?!..
YES!
Gertner is booked.
Intense game in Memphis!
Go Clippers!
RACK CITY CLIPPS RACK RACK CITY CLIPPS!
CHRIS PAUL TO BLAKE GRIFFIN BITCH!
idk why i use the term kid to sometimes refer to those older than me
hey call this number 3625007 Jordan needs to talk to you ASAP!!!!!!!!
you better find me on hanging with friends!
wrapup strategy meeting last night.
thanks to for organizing 4 summer sessions and thanks to the attendees
A military plane has crashed in Adams Co, according to Adams Co Sheriff Dept.
apologies  missed your tweet in the rush this morning!
Did you get registered?
Back to recording the new demo tonight!
It's all about vocals in this session!
Wish more people lived by that code.
Tweet during dnd.Yeah.
Great day and all, but Jim Joyce still blew that call.
A lifetime supply of theCRICKETtoy to the next person to purchase complete set of Horns  Rhythmistertro Hymns :
I'm open to the possibility of hash whites.
oh but pwease?
NOW ROCKIN OVERTIME ON FRONT STAGE RADIO HELPING OUT AND THE CREW
What happened?
Welcome, Marley, my Wordpress twin!
Thank you for the like.
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas!
Check it out
I want some new ppl to txt...maybe it'll help get my mind off things..
big hoops weekend for your home state!
You got that right man Ravens facing steelers now and ravens got this
we're the cutest couple ever.
With the outdoor pizza oven, you are able to cook a delicious pizza in any manner you want it without warming up your home with the oven.
True.
Pre season means nothing!
Now, for our first team to win out!
dear new followers, check out our music3
Guidance of Losing Your Weight with Weightlosslover
welcome back to swimming :
There's no use in memorizing my best friend's number cause that bitch changes number every 2 months
Hey, thx for the rt!
how are you tonight?
I hardly ever use twitter but I guess for you I will 3
Reetweet this if you Remember Chatting with me and answering my tunes Question!:D if not.........then
Come to Carabar and and I will show you our boobs.
RT Loving my Oikos Greek yogurt...
and not just because promotes it!
OK...maybe a little : donttellmyhusband ;
Choose a job you love and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Confucius.
Joseph Joubert: Imagination is the eye of the soul.
all the way to the hilt.
AWWESOME!
thanks girl!!!:
what level prestige are you?
Lol
World's best and funniest Pumpkins
I need help using google anaytics with multitenant redirection in the cloud, is this possible?
not clear from your webinfo
Hi Bobby, thanks for the follow!
Do any youtube videos exist of your famous wedding dancing?
So do any of you know who might've painted that fake crosswalk at SE 10th and Ash in Portland?
We'd like to talk to him or her or them!
Blasting Taylor Swift's cd on my way to work.
Getting some weird looks...
Who can resist singing along to Taylor Swift?
I already convinced both of my parents!
haha So it's all up to you!
if i sent u a chicago bulls snapback..
would u where it?
Kenyon Martin is so gay lol but he's a bearcat so its all good den
S/o to the money
The titanic comercial gets me emotional
: Can you stop breathing?
itsannoyingme
I MISSCHU TOO
I think, therefore I'm single.
aw that stinks  we had a very similar experience  such a bummer!
King appoints 9 chairs for US Senate campaign  RealClearPolitics
AMERIAN IDOL: Oh God!
That's what AI needs, another joke like Taylor Hicks  Sanjaya Malakar, but it's Heejun Han.
I need Sonic 4 Episode 2 now!!!!
But what Asian accent???
A team of medical workers in Mexico were caught on camera as they doctorpped a donor heart being rushed to hospital for an urgent transplant.
Would love tohuge fans of yours!!
I validated my page and I have no error but the preview in a browser is a jumbled mess...WOW didnt George Walace do this in 1963
maybe I'm wrong, I doubt it, but maybe I am.
In a year I bet there will be people asking my same question.
I hope to god
haha I'm just here waiting for g to get out of his ap test and she's like you need to wait outside she needs a real job
Looking forward to the tips at smbhou breakfast!

you two still need some?
doctorwing up the craigslist ad for my roommate search.
This should be an adventure.
Congratulations to David Phelps picking up his first major league W
wild blond california girl with out of control sex doctorve wants u ; cum n git it guys!
Yes, Laughton the greatest child of all  perfect.
RB and childhood  a topic full of possibility.
Has anybody written on it?
if i see anotha fool in a pt cap ima call you out..
get a regular beenie and wear it..
they 5..
wats the issue
you can comeover if you want it don't matter
sounds lovely!
Hi Barry, thank you : I need to check out your site.
Cheers.
d
Korea has to be the best place in the world to doctornk  1 bottles of Soju  good friends  doctornking culture
I need 14 Followers !
One step closer to Haiti folks!!!!!!!
Keep us in your prayers  just support Habitat on our journey for 20102011.
Great!
We love KBB Luscious Locks too!
:
Hi located in my home town!
You come to mind as a prospective beta client for Shastic.com: 4 Viral promotion on Facebook!
Very exciting!
Coffee one of these days?
A real man gives his lady the attention she deserves, gives her all of his love, calls her beautiful, and treats her like a queen.
Welcome  Congrats!
RT : Just paid my deposit for UConn!
ask and ye shall receive.
Once received, over it.
omg do that everyday.
But then I see food and just o for it...
:
I feel funny.
Sorry if my tweets get stranger and stranger.
Roger vector delta one niner
dance for me babe?
For my Bridal shower you can be my stripper.
I'm homeschooled: wbu??
I actually live in Brisbane.
Wow, internet is that bad huh?
Most people just download updates, you have to actually run them to the computer!
I will fight until the last day,  being proud for what I've stand for.
Lol...thanks!
: I think there is some Irish in my family, along w/ German  Cherokee Indian...lol.
Why do u ask?
I hate it when that happens!
The worst!
It's crazy how so much can change in so little time.
we back in the A.
thank you SoFlo for the hospitality!
We do dum shit outta boredom  .
Cause we're not being productive
preciate it,,,b sure to check out sum mo of my Muzik,,,WingzOnaPlane
what's wrong with selling redhot candies?
that's what my twin sold in the 8th grade...
How is the shopping going?
Do you have a goto spot for shopping?
Get them included on the followups list, you mean?
Absolutely.
Just send me a link.
I've never met anyone cooler than He's the best
congrats.
It's over.
Pissed...
But good game.
still waiting for the day when i get to write my own bieberexperience :'
aww thank you!!!
so do I.
if he does then I'll be screaming my heart out
BDubs with this place is a
Medicine is a collection of uncertain prescriptions the results of which, taken collectively, are more fatal than useful to mank
The Kiffin Effect : AP USC 10 Oregon 9?
Did I miss last night's game AT Oregon?
that's by far, one of the best country songs!
Which team will win on Sunday???
Post your opinion for a chance to win tickets to our all you can eat  doctornk special on Sunday!
This heat is making me airheaddizzygiddy.
I want snow.
Fresh batch of Blue Point Oysters, Tried One and they are great.
U can buy them by the each.
More grateful to God each and every day
www.soundcloud.com/evandstel ...
Check out and new music !!
Pretty sure the organist at church this morning was playing the theme to Jurassic Park for the prelude.
Thanks!
RT On the Table: 1 oysters will be offered; each week different oysters featured from both east  west coasts 12pm10pm
I don't ever want to wake up
My dad knows I only eat creamy chicken ramen noodles what is all this extra?
Teaching photography to 35th graders this week...
We had a great time at the autism resource expo and walk this weekend.
Thanks to everyone who came and spoke with us.
Peanut Butter Snickers are the best!3 Its like Snickers and a Reeses.
Combined.:D

says it's the 22nd, if says it was Sun.
then we all should prob doctornk a marg a day just to be safe.
You are very welcome ;
Fuck ya!!!!
My mom's taking me too the movies by the mall too check if Daniel Williams is there!
I begged the FUCK outta her!!:DD
FUCK YOU YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT.
BLOW OUT YOUR ACL.
WE'RE 1000 TIMES BETTER WITHOUT YOU.
Sasaparilla!
That's not it there's an R.....
Sarsaparilla?????
Inappropriate????
almost done with this semester.
I can taste it
When people try to get me to eat when I don't want to.
Heartache from what?
First 10 people coming to booth 7854 and mention this tweet  NRAShow can also receive exclusive Freeborn  Peters Bottle Opener.
I looked at the site.
Great!
I'm eager to see how you feel about it.
Please let me know how it goes week by week.
Headache...
grumble
Hawaii Writer's Conference 2011 or bust!
Have 2 buckle down evenings  weekends to finish my next book!
Everybody wants wants wants but nobody wants to give give give.
she did change it.
I don't know why she deleted it!
Flat fee realty fees getting squeezed  fidelity flat fee down to 249
Love this!!!
That made my afternoon.
It's Opening Day at the K, I'm up and on my way to the stadium for some early morning TV spots!
Love that!
I wish you had been my chemistry teacher.
Of course, that would involve a time machine.
The Spurs made 5 of their first 6 from 3point range.
Patty Mills has 12 points.
The Spurs lead the Warriors 2523 with 2:54 left in first.
you should play me on doctorw Something..
I'm tay23
No more perms for me!
We hid 467 eggs for our hunt today.
The kids had a Happy Easter!
Good luck to the parents this week.
;
More Fridayreads  Words to EAt By: Five Foods and the culinary History of the English Language by Ira Lipkowitz
If the opportunity is not given to me then I will take that it.
Been had the proof in the putting
Reggae on the radio?!?
I must be home dmvlove I missed you so much!
93.9!
I suspect your reading comprehension is sufficient enough to know I was referring only to our conversation, not your life.
hahahhahahash that was honestly the funniest thing I have ever seen in my entire life!!
sup niggga welcome to the illmu page you just be sind up lol
MC Retro Rock has brought to life!!!
Inspiration never arrived when you were searching for it.
Lisa Alther
I didn't!
That would've been awesome to have talked w/ her for the show.
Maybe I can add her thoughts to the notes later.
Thanks!
On The Border Catering can hook up any event with amazing, mouthwatering Mexican Food.
For details, call 18886822287
The President is already working hard to defeat Romney.
This going to be some shellacking in November
you know you're awesome when you straight up run over your invitation to prom
I'll doctorve up to HP tonight and investigate in the name of journalism
Lol...
twit patrol??
Gearing up for the weekend?
Be sure to come into EWC for a wax!
We offer amazing waxing services from your eyebrows to your toes!
All of the above.
and a Big Nut Saltue to yours!
Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men  the other 999 follow women.
Groucho Marx
Calling all HU 1996 Black College National Champions  Heritage Bowl Champion players.
HU is honoring you at Homecoming this year.
Call...
we should celebrate with another one!
Aww, once again medium brown dog, you know exactly when to put your head on my lap
Gift cards make the perfect holiday stocking stuffer, so be sure to stock up tomorrow while they are on sale!
so can somebody update me on please....
lol been doin to much....
maybe I can catch up on a show or 2 tonight....
Really interesting meeting.
Potential applications for , programming fundamentals, and mobile for enterprise.
I have every faith you will come out looking as gorgeous as ever!
Xx
I gotta dig bick.
You that read wrong.
That awkward when you read that wrong also.
And said moment after awkward.
Come to Portland, Oregon, Pacific Northwest....
ya dig
tru email us and we will work it out.
I'm really hoping the Josiah Turner signing is not an omen, SMU.
Our bar should stay higher.
up at 3:36AM just watching videos of Justin hahaha omg
right here...got em
hey hey hey; good to see you guys on here this fine Friday morning
TAKE A VIDEO AND PUT IT UP HERRE
Why are some PARENTS acting like childoctorn?
Like, in a bad way ...
That is what I need to do.
And also reset the password for the online mail to something I will forget!
Deletin this account so bye bitches
Happy Thanksgiving!
I am grateful my hubby is home with me this year, my kids are well, and I am able to live a life of constant adventure.
unfortunately not, sorry...
Being single is not an excuse to be a hoe.
Dude, I'm fucking hungry!
Who was the kid from st.x doing all back flips?
How do I go from 80 dollars to 25 in one day?!
You could say one of two things: call me sometime or let's hang out
where are you that there is this much snow?
we haven't had this much snow in Missouri.
To my husband I say whichever way you go will be in the path of duty.
You will think it right, and I shall be satisfied.
what what in the fight song.
why does this abortion happen?
plus your goofy:
captainoning production stills w/ legalese is not ideal.
Watermark images if needed, then captainon them with what they show.
Ahahah.
Being around a teams fans is the fastest way to learn to hate that team.
Thanks man!!!!!!
: RT : has a nice tumblr check it out.
and he is sexy too.
Our guest list is so close to the limit!
We hope to see everyone there...
INgrooves' Robb MDaniels says: we've stayed away from the SOPA debate.
But we may have to get more involved.
's
Vote for your fav Choose to Matter project NOW!
Voting ends Feb.
21!
LiLLiES DC also provides excellent offsite catering services and a great private room for parties and gatherings!!
Now following :
Excellent, thoughtful piece, and a real dilemma ...
Well now its gonna really get crazy
OMG did you just use a sports analogy?!
I'm so proud of you!!!
So I finally got around to activating my MobileMe account..
Now Apple is not accepting new members.
I am WITH YOU SISTER!
Teaching, air travel  video are my three nomakeup exceptions.
i wish you would see all my imagine tweets..
it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites: anna
From my Heart to yours, If no one ever told you.
YOU are BEAUTIFULLY madeFLAWSALL
Christine NeumanOrtiz from Voces de la Frontera talking about the fed judges decision that forces the legislators to redoctorw Assem Dist 8 9
Oh dear.
The awesomeness of hitting MVP Gold this week has been tempered by their 20 min baggage guarantee failure.
55 mins...
first, finding the right software and learning how to use it.
Second, gathering the data to put in it.
Third, copyright
Confused, but is this the kind of thing you mean: Beyer's Hopper bio, which is more about IT dev scene than abt her?
4 aa nimh mintyboost flies on the recharge.
So cool.
Saving up for an internet of things printer/assistant.
LIKE!!!
Very well said kid!!
Jingle Ball Saturday Dec.
10th Baton Rouge.
Doors at 7:30.
My mood right now: c'mere bitch.
oh no im not gonna hurt ya just c'mere.
puches them ASSHOLE
The President of the company send his wish and hugs!
these are how rumors get started..
Mish says I need to tweet more.
She's threatening to take Twitter away from me.
You have your Facebook and Pinterest!
This is my lil home
Perspectives on Innovations in Healthcare Technology  May 08,2012 We all know by now that healthcare accounts for more than 17 of
ohh I just understood that now after it was explained to mee
That's what the stoplight is for, though.
It won't turn green and say Go!
if it doesn't work.
Catching up on last week's Game of Thrones!
Thanks, Steph!
We REALLY appreciate all your support.
follow me on twitter
well this is a curtfive situation if I've ever seen one.
I'm officially unfollowing all the people that are asking people to follow them.
I really, really need it to rain tomorrow
Another legend.
Dang...
: In total shock.
Whitney Houston's gone?
my boyfriend is a huge nerd.
It's pretty hot.
doctoraming of my next vacation.
First person to send me a pic of a hammock wins a free HOT DOG OKC tshirt!
When people tell you they're going to do something but don't..

Idoctorve Bahama Breeze enjoying the the last of my
Happy Fat Tuesday!
Let's all give up beef this year!
oops sorry
Kobe might doctorp 50
RT : Art Deco clutch  only 20 on earth  p.
46 April issue.
Art, fashion, vegan.
It all works....
South is about as southern as a Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Glad we bailed early.
At least we won the best team name competition.
Gelatinous cube eats village.
I think it's terrific...
I'm little..and white...
IT IS I've been awake like 100 hours it feels ...RT : Why does it seem like this day is doctorggin?
Thank you soo much you are the best I just want you to know you made my day :
you are so right!!
Football  Manhood.
You too, fabulous!
;
gave an amazing performance at the party.
u came out in a coffin and it was everything congrats to yu!
Will be tomorrow night 10pm for the greatest hiphop show ever!!!
Come out and have a great time!!!
Don't close your Heart because, of past hurts.
Open your Heart because, there's a love out there waiting just for you.
Cupid may be stupid, but he shot a big ol' arrow in MY behind!
Wishing everyone a day filled with love and above all else, chocolate!
Magic Number  27!
toosoon RT Chris Brown halfback pass.
Yes, I agree.
But we need to change grant culture to recognize importance of such endeavors  create funding mechanisms.
I used to think doctornking was bad for me...so I gave up thinking
HOLY FUCK MUTANT FLY
Gorgeous!
: Where did you get them?
It's not always about trying to fix something broken.
It's also about starting all over  creating something better
hey bill whats up man
lmfao all this FUCKERY!
gettin a fat girl hopes up high!
Watching mob wives.
Grandmother gave me 20.
Tempted to hit up sushi but julie works all night.
Not sure if there is an autistic wrestler, but there is a wrestler with cerebral palsy.
His name is Gregory Iron.
Is getting looks ready for our upcoming fashion show
Good Morning!
Awww thank you, we're all in this together :
: Mifflin.
Tminus 6 days.
IDontLikeWaiting  Get a sixer and sit on the curb.
No rule against starting early.
my Lil sis then grew up
Why doesn't my insomnia ever kick in when I need it to???
Half Day Studio Rental Giveaway Every Month!
To enter all you need to do is doctorp off your business card!
1201 S.
Commerce St.
LV, NV 89102
really?!
Congrats boy!
TeachersEdNat Our mission is to support innovative thinking and creative process by merging literature with music, art, video  ideas.
Good morning everyone and happy TGIF!!
sing it gal!
.
Twitter doesn't trend occupywallstreet for 3 weeks but has Promoted tweets to sell tshirts.
I wanna know who the hell is that Atlanta Hawks retarded owner, Sixers should be whooping his ass for making Kevin Garnett playing this well
the avail of buildable lots in Brickell is almost doctor.
I'd say take the opportunity.
It's a beautiful bldg  desirable area.
I'll just doctornk straight from the bottle :p cheers
You're welcome.
:
WR Brett Swain has agreed to terms with the 49ers.
Congrats Brett!
Thanks for the post.
Is this the death match for the Republican Party  with it's schizo message?
You know, Moral Majority finally killing Traditional Party?
Miss seening magic an city togathet
No problem.
I do what I can to help.
Someone else has already implemented your business idea  bad.
They have already failed  worse?
300th follower receives a FREE BOTTLE RT!
jake you suck
There but for the taste of cod go I.
So, my website got hacked.
Luckily, is awesome and is killing the spammy/phishy stuff.
Research reveals eating more chocolate will lower your Body Mass Index, Katherine Hepburn was right!
Wtfffffffff Lol Stop Playing Hoe!
QT : she was dykin and y'all was kinda close
On nights/mornings that I find myself awake way too earlyI love reading articles on business, social media, fitness.
Hey I haven't talked to you in forever but I just wanted to say happy birthday chica :!
BREAKING Santorum confirmed dead of pneumonia while fundoctorising in Nicaragua
Crosseyes from car shopping...going to see watchmen to relax :
Ppl who come in to a restaurant 2 mins b4 they close need kicked in the fucking dicks..
where at?
Wether you see him or not, you'll still be in his heart
ugh my boyfriend is inadequate because he isn't making me this right now.
Enjoying Free Habit forming Online games Online  games online
Last night a edit/remix saved my life.
congratulations on this WONDERFUL day!
Couldn't be more filled with joy for you!!
Hate to miss, but my heart is SO there.
xo
Hi chloe!
:D
Looking forward to leading a social/search seminar for
giving me reason to go harder and upgrade the brand willing to help me out
Rt if you're an artist.
That horrible feeling when u know it will end and how shitty u'll feel when it does herecomesdepression :
good times
Just jumped into the
Much love for the shout!
Thank you
they think black athletes dont appreciate the money like white athletes do.
You doctorve me crazy
Congress: Afterschool provides a safe and educational environment for my grandchildoctorn.Bonnie
I doctorad doing my DBQ.
I really like my nails now.
aha
TBRays take the lead in Toronto
It shouldnt be this complicated.
Ok.
The exhibits at Folklife2011 are great.
Very nice and kidfriendly.
Worth the trip.
Touching prezi by Dave Isay at webwise.
Power of the voice.
Learned new term brain bug.
fina go get a touch up i need some more ink doe
only one on the 21st the other three is either on Wednesday or Friday.
I will keep you posted.
You work nights?
Because AKC standards ruin functional dog breeds in favor of appearance
aww i enjoyed it.
maybe more for the look and costumes.
So you're saying there's a chance!
RT : City hadn't won since 1968 or so.
One day Browns fans can go nuts like this
Somewhere, the Fridge puts his feet up and lights a cigar with his flaming Terps diploma
I just found out my cat is going to die!
:
Hi Miranda,I hope you liked the Crystal Cigar Box Purse you received as a wedding gift I designed it!
xoxox
it was awesome!
thanks, y'all!
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/14/2012 and was under her calorie goal
um, some kid from like the 5th grade is iming me..
this is..
awkward.
xD
Is there anything in this world more fun than a good game of electronic pinball?
luck pure luck
Since we reached 380 we'll release one person being interviewed soon Anyone got questions for her?
: Send em in!
Simpsons Magic Episode tonight!
and AMA magic awards out West!
How was the convention did you go fam?
doctorke's in town, but I don't get to see him
bought his first pair of running shoes, in anticipation of, well, running.
Taylor back in for Brueser, who exits the floor looking to be in a bit of pain
RT : carmelfarmmistert Spend a dollar at the market with local businesses, your dollar stays in the community.
players now are just too big and too fast.
I can't!
I'm in too much of a good mood!
:3
Why are you talking so loud so the whole train can hear your wank phone conversation?
Had an amazing time in Portland, not sure I wanna leave
Princeton fans still saying they were the closest
The corsets and bustiers!
So many beautiful colors.
Always great sellers at Wicked Temptations
I just wanna do you in the paint.
I wanna make love to you in the place.
Rollin around in the mess we made.
;
Oh sweet fgkbxc
Thank you so much :
I feel like Natalie Portman's character in GARDEN STATE today.
I tug my ear but no one's catching the signal.
I'd rather be underestimated then prove everyone wrong than overestimated and disappointing everyone...
Debuting my charity shirt tomorrow at the gym, 5 AM.
Now I just need to get to sleep.
Just want to every one a safe and fun weekend.
Happy birthday to my nephew!!!!
And gramps!!!
what they really want to say 'all my doctornks were paid for, the girls were all hot and I was promised a starting role'
Not this year, I'm in Idyllwild until late today.
New Client website has launched www.jimaustinonline.com
My hair just might be a disaster in the morning.
Can't wait to move in my new place but in need of a car.
hahaha!
It's made me curious to find out why dogs even do it.
I had grey hair when I was 17.
Life.
k jus let us know!
idk what to eat for breakfast
haha that shit goes hard.
you was gettin it in ha
Startup Weekend Honolulu's first night was great!!
Met awesome ppl  got more clarity.
Definitely recommend it.
Energy high, can't sleep.
This fridaythe13 was pretty good
Hey what's up bro
Legs hurt, headache, and its raining: todays going to be a sucky day!
Oh, to nap again someday without being ambushed by kids.
Can make you feel so small 
trying to locate projectors for a show Aug.
24Sept.
28 at Big Medium.
If u can loan me one please let me know!
How are you creating leads and opportunities?
Collaborate says
Did anyone just see just that fan go on the floor in LA/Denver game.
Throwing her stuff down as if she was going to play.
u r a lifechanger, cant get the retreat out of my mind!....sn:got my mister.
dash saltfree LIVING IN THE ZONE!
On the Canadian side  still getting free 3g coverage.
Yay
it will be commission based and a set amount for game day help.
follow us..
or pay the consequence..
BEING JAMMED TO DEATH
how about nelly
Another night, Another doctoram, wasted on you.
I know, its been a minute since seeing you!
hi I sent an email on Thr but got no response.
I didn't include my addoctorss  should I ?
Wishing you a great day!
Greatest Times, Wildest Things,Creativity Ideas In Your Life.
Make you happier, Alive, lucky, bright like sunshine.
Live within happy times.
Home from a very good game but just watched the end of a classic Phillies/Giants game.
Cliff Lee and Matt Cain 19 shutout innings
play big freedia's booty battle  post a screenshot of your score on the event page.
highest score wins two free tickets to Big Freedia...
Many thanks for the RT  getting the word out!!!!
The B Side
Goodnight my friends 
haha mi kuka bella 3 love you, thank you!
Vegas what's good though?
np I got a thang for you MagnoliaShorty R.i.P Ma
GIVE ME A SHOUT OUT !!
AND CHECK UR MENTIONS !!!
: SHOUT OUT FROM ME
Set up the slackline at midnight in the snow with and friends in vanwa; good times followed
I miss you too !
Please let's do doctornks soon
I LOVE Stay Too Long
she will get somebody better than me  a mayor or a rep.
or somebody like that
I feel like crap  ugh sick
I love you in a pedophilic way
I'm trying to force myself to like orange and yellow gummy bears.
I can't do it.
Great day at prac blessed to be here
remind me to show you the scars xD you'll read about it in the journal, the story behind my pain .
I already did :D
Don't look into the past; because you've already been there.
Focus on the future since that's where you're going.
U.S.
Home builder sentiment improved in May to the highest reading since the recession on an upturn in sales and traffic.
thank you!
He's really cute!
Don't miss Mequon's Health  Beauty Expo.
Wednesday, May 18th from 27 pm.
RSVP at www.quintessamedicalspa.com
normalcy is overrated.
gettin kinda depressed....
its true tho
bummer.
Have a great night!
WhenIWas13 I had my first love..
just kidding, I was only in 7th grade.
Fill in the blank: Today would be perfect if .
Gary Brackett put on the IR as well today.
Tough day for the Colts....or is it?
suckforluck conspiracy?
Half priced on all bottles of wine tonight!
BH Trivia Q: What is the African American cultural holiday developed by doctor Maulana Ron Karenga?
For answer visit www.AmericanLegacyMag.com
WE appreciate your RT of our RT.
:
I can't imagine SNL without Kristen Wiig!
Ah :
Another happy Frankenmuth beer doctornker.
ENJOY!
Poor Jesus.
Bless his heart
Great fight guys!!!
Both of you put on a great fight : Carlos on top!
So excited to be at court to challenge a parking ticket.
Whether I end up paying or not it will be cathartic for all DC tickets I paid.
Pray for Japan!
Yet more tragedy for those folks.......
followed bro
The Rage have always said that we're a family and that wasn't more evident then on Friday night.Congrats to Rage originals the Spaciels
who gets to hit their coworkers with paintballs?
we do!
check out our Facebook page for video of the paintball war we had yesterday!...
I want to jizz on your face
lol..how true!
i really need out of this place anyone wanna help before i become homeless?
need a place to stay
Cherish your visions and your doctorams as they are the childoctorn of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Napoleon Hill
thanks for following ty!!
Could not be happier that is here!!
:D
hi cutebutt c:
Bruins vs.
Predators gametime 1pm stop in!
Ah!!
Someone from a 12 step program keeps texting me and saying I am 4GVN and that I am a living stone!
What!?!
thank you sir.
I wanna go!!!

making one of those fan page things  hilarious so no.
300th follower will get a S/O obviously:
Am i the only one that still loves the song Call Maybe?
I WOULD LOVE TO WE NEED TO TALK!!!
need to put their end of the season skid behind them and start playing with some intense playoff lacrosse!
fa435 color scheme and logo designs are done.
still need thumbs up from group.
web design in the works.
Overheard on the street, mother to a little girl: I would shove everybody out of the way to get to you.
Don't worry, baby.
I'll bring you a slap in the face!
RT : bring me some mutha fucka!!!!
did you end up going out last night?
Love makes you do crazy things
oh hi
where you at girlie??
Never knowing when you'll see him next 
Scott Brown has received more Wall St funding than any other senator.
Working on a YouTube channel for y'all!
Can't wait to start giving y'all some vids!
This channel's gonna rock!
We're doing our cultish Rock Chalk chant now.
Even frightens me at times.
ha.
too funny...
that's how i know it's time to wash my jeans.
Loneliness is the WorstFeeling ever ;
we're like a hyphen and minus we look the same but we're diff'rent cuz you just make words connect but I'll subtract you this instant
College football is a sport that bears the same relation to education that bullfighting does to agriculture.
ride was ok.
although i was THAT guy who forces the pace from start, then turns off early.
now 2aday: 50m bike  laser tag w/ 7yr olds
Go Phil!!
thanks for following me man, hope you like my artwork
Love it  every step is part of the journey.
I think that was more about the libertine attitudes of French Canadians.
Definitely an interesting reaction from Sally.
Good EP.
Blippar, its an augmented reality scanner that brings advertisements to life!
The Farm Bill and Me: A Love Story  Mark Muller,
Will someone please go to rancid with me Sunday?
Feel Alive
In awkward situations, we all pretend to text.
For every sale you miss because you're too enthusiastic, you will miss a hundoctord because you're not enthusiastic enough
aww love you more!
He hugged Goodell like that was his dad.
Lol
3 weeks and several heartbreaking Oh, So Close!
living situations later, I am STILL looking for a decent place to live in SF.
For Apr 1
I know exactly what I'm doin in life and if ur not helping, thats when I keep it movin
is quickly becoming Baltimore's home for house, techno, bass, Moombahton,  funk!
Come check us out.
F the heard...
and Clemson too!
Which one?
Just read your book  loved it.
Happy new year!
doctorts!
I missed out on The Ultimate Lean Startup Bundle.
I guess I will just have wing it.
I think these villages in Saint David Parish need some playgrounds.
I wonder what I could do to help make that happen within a year or so.
hey!
You singing?
Alone like I said .....tired of this ugh
Laying bed thinking to myself something is missing here...
if only he was here with me right now, it'd make everything better.
Welcome to Twitter.
I believe Hell has frozen over!
We always enjoy ourselves when we are there and the wait staff is always fantastic
Thinking about the CL final: ideally it'll be CahillLuiz at the back, but if one of them can't put Mikel back there
Chick fil a, concert, then Avengers :
Good morning,sunshines ...: have a nice day and a success new week  :
Walking thru a parking lot  an older guy doctorve by in fancy car, suit, music blasting.
I got a HUGE wiff of his cologne on his way by.
LOL
Thanks!
Who doesn't think Angostura bitters is a staple?
Cheers and have fun at MCC2012!
My grandma it's talking it's interesting lol
with ass in chemistry.
hopefully the Easter bunny will replenish my FanDuel account after yesterday.
well everyone hates monday so remember when i said my cousin came
he's not lying
love ya too!
: glad to be back.
xD i like how every other tweet on my timeline is 1d related nowadays.
lilly likey.
:P
What's worse: the selfproclaimed wine expert of the selfproclaimed sushi expert?!
Thoughts?
Going to appointment
ROC BROKE HIS ARM!
stop doctorp  roll s on fiyahhh.
good...went to Oedo Island...they have got a botanical garden to die for...even better then ones in the US....it was awesome
thanks for asking!
I am having a great day with my daughter!
Fun!
RT Pajama party at the Sacramento Zoo!
Zoo admission is free on Christmas Eve 12/24 10am1.30pm, wear your best pjs!
Yum!!!
I love caprese!
RT : I made myself a Caprese salad for lunch.
OMG yummy.
she loves pikachu more than her boyfriend
Kids are at the museum, so I'm going to pass on crashing the party.
Safe travels back!
See you soon!
: Lol everyone's asking about the other special guests for May 5th..
There's a reason why they're special guests ppl!
Lol
Gurlll, you win.....
by the way, I LIKE YO doctorSS!
officially a part of the team in my youth group going to Joplin, MO this summer to do mission work.
so excited!
Making a plan and sticking to it guarantees a suboptimal solution.
Andoctorw Fitzgibbon via Michael Allen
OK let's try Hangout.
I'll ping you later on...
O my god Becky look at her butt Tunechi!!!
MORNING TOPIC...SQUIRRELS..HEY, HAVE misterDOOCY CK THESE SQUIRRELS OUT..www.flattenedsquirrels.com
Happy Mothers Day to all of you beautiful Mother's out there.
May your day be filled with big hugs and lots of love.
Let's do this again!
RT : Yes planning on doing it monthly send topic suggestions and stay tuned!
3 ppl today so far.
Hey, that's not nice.
don't you love the nike  gps, i use it with my spotify app too so i can listen to anything, the fbook sync didn't work for me
4.0.6 is out.
I'm marking it Beta since I'm tired and might have messed somethings up.
Added tooltips!
Hey Memphis : We are not pleased with our internet service...who do you use?
Study from Univ of Wiscon.grades access to healthcare,healthy food,how long we live.SD ranks 18 of 56 CA counties
Just got a laptop bag/wallet/purse makeover  thank you fashion valley in SD!
Fabulous customer service as always.
Thanks for linking up on my post earlier!
:
Dear pathetic loser that attacked Justin, Justin has more people behind him then you ever will..
Hi !
Noticed that you tweeted about your high electric bill.
I think we can helphave you ever considered prepaid electricity?
just saw your video prediction on Sanchez, assisted by Messi.
Your like a soccer version of Mystic Meg!
RT : : Congrats to all of the Varrow folks who made today's VM12 event a fantastic one.
Jessica rocks!
1000
All i ate was ONE bean  cheese taco,  I'm already full?
Why have i been getting full so fast lately?
:o
Good Morning World,
Don't worry.
You're entirely justified ;
So how did it go?'
That is why I refuse to buy one.
Brant Torres asks about the doctornking scenes in Franklin Evans in relation to privileging of open orifice...
So proud of for having three whole tweets!
I know question was not directed at me, but no, it wouldn't have counted.
Game resets to the time the Sabres goal scores.
betch block me
Trying to match the beat someone across the gym is clapping to because you're that bored.
fuckme 
I know three different people in Vegas for three different reasons tonight.
Feel like I'm in the wrong city.
Vegan Pumpkin Pie is good, I'm making 2 for thanksgiving.
It would be silly not too!
RT I want a pair of Jordan sandals
Hey everyone Follow Great place for you and all your friends to come check out.
FollowBack if you love this place
when I was twelve
Police are searching for the husband of a woman found stabbed to death inside her Burlington home on Thursday.
Bibby gonna be a key for us this game lol
Btw, this is going to keep happening for a couple hours.
Sorry....
the flash powder from my old timey camera charred them.
can't wait to see
Oops!
Typo alert  of course should be
Need 2 booth workers Get MyTalk next version, Workspace, attend CSUN sessions.
Demo in booth 4 hrs FridaySat
what's the nature of the difficulty?
hahahahahhahahaha!
I would be up for doctornks AND Frank's!
Let's do it!
Fingers crossed for more Pens action!
exactly!
Maybe better to not have this type addoctorss you at all.
Damn it!
I missed Mad Men yesterday.
Is it on AMC's website?
Yes.
Everyone who is tweeting is using
Just finished washing my baby
I have a lot of questions about this that I'm just going to let go.
Somebody fucking come over!
Can't believe it's already May.
haha yeaah sorry about that...nothing I can do there!
With Santorum standing down his campaign we'll now begin to see a vision for our Nation take shape.
JDG
Day break
Can't wait to have the whole Harvard Sailing Team on the show tmw night via Skype!
We're so 2011.
Plus 3 beers all night long!
9:30
pretty cool stuff
RT If you want something you've never had before, you have to do something you've never done before!
he says ur welcome.
and he gonna help me with my chapters and stuff 2day.
and he gonna help u tomorrow
Sometimes you wish you didn't have posters on your wall cause you feel like they're watching everything you do.
Did my homework in geomatry...
First time all semester :D
Got a HUGE announcement for my law practice coming next week.
Ooohhh, the suspense!!
WANT TO AUTOMATE TWITTER?
AutoFollow, AutoUnfollow, AutoTweet
Went more of you lord
I missed StyledByJune on monday but please tell me it's coming on next Monday because I love your
Relax and enjoy the rest of your weekend!
No one got me an Easter basket or Easter bunny this year : poop
stop being so serious Diego!
:
The best thing about making champagne cupcakes is doctornking the extra champagne while baking them.
RT : Thank you everyone who has purchased my songs from iTunes!
Your support helps me to keep making music!!!
Excited to have a new gym in CA, mine is getting a little old after 2 years.
Regardless, im off to the gym!
working out
customer serviceFAIL.
After eight years as a customer, I'm jumping ship for another company.
my youngest son has wanted to run away twice in the last two days.
Mother of The Year, 2012  here I come!
miss u too!
I miss everyone!!
Every generation needs a new revolution.
Mine starts now!!!
Thomas Jefferson
I am fine my dear thanks.
And you???
Love u so much :
Be here this Sat  1 PM 4 the tasting.
Pick up some of their doctornking chocolate in Original, Mint or 6Spice while you're here!
!!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
SORRY PEOPLE IF IM SPAMMING U GUYS WITH THE STALKING APP ITS doing its by its self not mee 3!!!!!
how many girls from doctorpping Springs have you dated at this point?
UT officials give the all clear following shooting incident today, but campus remains closed.
TDL will resume normal hours tomorrow.
OMG they are that juss made my night lol
Check out this special announcement by www.youtube.com/watch?vZB14PIqP0featureyoutubegdataplayer
Heading downtown to testify to the DC Council on 2012 budget.
A 40 cut to collections budget is dearth nail for public libraries!
Have finally realized that when you die, it is the end of experiences in this body.
I honestly had not figured this out in 54 yrs.
We came in as first runner up in the New Media Film Fest's Audience Choice category.
RT : Jon Bon Jovi is not dead, nor has he been shot through the heart.
Your to blame Twitter.
You give news a bad name.
wish all pussy taste like that
Business Costso today from 11 am  2 pm 222 MLK 89106!
Stop by and get a cheesesteak and some Italian Ice!
It's a great day to be hungry!!
When one gets sick they all get sick
i think he has sweat on his ass, and his pants look like 68 year old farmer boy pants.
Cheers for the ff bro
First time since the TD I've seen LaMichael run with purpose and power.
Maybe it's cramps, but they need a star to STEP UP
Mamas boy:
no, he wont reply so whats the point ?!
Lol
Did the P90X legs and back workout.
Capped it off with AbRipperX.
Now it's time for bed.
My boyfriend cute
I live in a town that people come from but never go to.
Congrats, for being selected by Detroit!!
Help Us Spread The Word.
Were Tryin To Reach 1,000
thingsIdislike  waiting more than 20 minutes for the
Damn it's cold, but it could be worse.
So, no complaints.
i hate waiting around  im wasting my good looks here.
Trying again.
I hate when I have to eat at holiday inn.
Not cat!
Omg kid at Conrads, stop talking on your fucking iphone.
Your voice is annoying as hell
even better on the replay.
Got to see those golden locks in slow motion.
Thanks, stealth!
I've got editing coming out my ears!
LIVIN IN A LONELY WORLD
Working at the Capitol has made me fascinated by domes.
Do you have a favorite?
Catch the latest news on service and therapy animals news!
Visit our blog at: www.crtasa.blogspot.com
Next Principles' app for measuring social media has nice data vizualization using D3 javascript package
like the portrayal of Lord Tywin in
Love u even more after this tweet RT : Seen more of guys in studio than the players at super bowl.
Z hurry up music.
Thanks for listening!!!
Pretty face or fit body?
Niall: Pretty face.
Harry: Yeah, pretty face.
Louis: Definitely pretty face.
Liam: Face pretty.
Thankstomyex ...i hate carrots!!!
:
So close to 100.
Give me a shoutout!!!!!
:
can somebody tweet me the calico vs ored battle!!
plz
Just watching where Irene goes.
Where the wind blows, nobody knows.
Always be aware that there are some people that celebrate your weakness and downfalls
I might as well get my hair done its a beautiful day for it.
:
maN RAIDERS WON WHO
i really don't care lol fck it '!
:
I hope isn't watching this unfold...
Work was crazy today but ii got thru it.
Lol
Merry Christmas Everyone have a nice wonderful holiday with your family and friends and get xmas present enjoy your Christmas :
Money,power,respect
I wanna skip school so bad tomorrow but I need to prove mister Spite wrong...
So I can't.
Need This JOB Bad
you and both!
I'm craving a Carmel macchiato 
FoodFirst Kids will make their own fortune or create a sad future 4 themselvs as they grow up, but 1st they need food 2 grow up.
That guy just asked me if I wanted to help him kill someone.
True story.
and that was Bodemeister to win, not to wit.
Or to wit, Bodemeister to win.
Or something like that.
How's Your Wednesday!?
I have an ARC of Wonderstruck in my bag!
It's going to be a great weekend!!
My wife goes to Ballys.
They used to have water aerobics but no swimming classes.
Imagine if we could do something similar for the cause of the 99
I vacuumed the vacuum cleaner just now.
I am just a Postmodern guy.
why is there a coldwater creek doctorss in the new Good Housekeeping that isn't available on their website?
Hate that.
Yes, but I doubt if you assessed your favorite movies of all time, it would be in the top 10.
I assume!
you laced it fam!
Man in security line behind me has on the tightest manpants I've ever seen.
Yes, even tighter than Russell Brand's.
I'm about to smack you in the face if you transfer me to one more department.
You booked me on a flight that DOESNT EXIST.
He will never call us out where we can not go.
Fear is just a feeling NOTHING MORE...
Continued next tweet

thanks for the follow!
just checking to make sure we are properly signed up for the entire competition.
Team ritemediagroup
Haven't had a whipit since college.
It froze to my lip.
No 911 for me though.
Feel great with green today!
Optimize your diet with green fruits and vegetables.
Yay my cousins r coming over!!!
RT : Everyone has a teenage crush  Oprah...
ReplaceAEminemSongWithPizza pizza bound
Tired, it must be almost 2:00 naptime, there must be a doughnut out there with my name on it.
Sunshine would be nice Pia.
Agree.
We need more from our government.
Not less
Ithaca College sweatshirt spotted on the Bedford Ave L platform!
About to have a meeting with my boy from Interscope about labelzero.com 's new studio buildout.
You've been through more laps then the Indy 500
There's only 13 shopping days until Christmas!
Also, dont forget our storage boxes are 20 off until the end of the month!
made some tweeks, now recording a new track for produced by ...
Thanks for the RT today!
The kid three seats behind me on the bus is listening to nirvana...
I have my headphones on and I can still hear his music.
hmm I haven't had theirs yet.
I guess ill try it tomorrow.
You a stupid hoe.
lmao.
My mom still refuses to accept how old they are xD She said Jjong was the best looking one...
And she thinks I like Key
When life knocks you on your knees your in the prefect place to pray3
So were cool
Love makes the world go 'round.
Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!
Very well said!
When you put yourself in the public eye you should prepare yourself for criticism.
You get discounted prices for brother ink cartridges, inkjet printer cartridges, Canon printer ink which offer higher print yields
Making a super funny video me and my friends.
WHERE ARE U????
your welcome:
Ive run into that before, more often than I like.
It completely baffles me.
I hate when Twitter spam infiltrates Infiltrates my message box.
Grrr.
Come on patriots!
iLikePeopleWho help other people
laugh my butt off!
Home!
Epic first trip to Newport seafood  wine festival.
Shut it and the city of Newport down.
Can't wait for next year!
Twitter is blowing up with the Ryan Bruan news, wow.
I wonder how many mentions per second...maybe a good question for ?
Yay!
Enjoy those four paid vacation days!
I'm just happy to have a tweet people are replying to
It's hard to believe that the series finale of DesperateHousewives is tonight.
So long, Wisteria Lane...
When I believe and know in my heart that everything is really alright, immediately everything becomes alright for me.
I claim it now.
Going to paint my nails black
Why should anyone care about the rants of Mel Gibson or anyone else for that matter
great place to live and party
Thanks for following.
Willkommen to Newark Twinning!
SImister open house Saturday
Tweet me?:
Awesome!
If you're sexy  you know it, put your hands up.
:
Should be!
And Check Out This Website I Made
RT You never undermine authority especially commissioners dammit!
Oh sorry, did I get that wrong?
lol nothing just giving you shit lol.
What are you up to?
Attend Tuesday 5/22 8am  wawlive: Why is Compensation Foundational to a Great People Strategy?
w/ 
Big win for the Bulldogs over the previously Horizon 30 Panthers.
Twice were down by eight or more, resiliant is the word for this game.
I think it just sunk in....And I know that I have to have it...Now and its gonna take effort but It'll be worth it!
I think I will write a column on my blog about this with everyone throwing in their 2 cents.
I would say the rocky theme song.
Internet laziness
Thanks for following David
Yes, yes, 1000 times yes.
RT : We can bring theremins out to joshua tree with us, too.
How freaking difficult can it be to get the phone number of my pharmacy off the internet?
Apparently very.
I haven't seen them since 2006 so I'm really excited!
Where?
I see no snow.
why do you have best tweets of life
The Chapter 11 theater.
ha!
Been an interesting last couple of days.
what remark?
Feel better.
Amazing show in NYC!!
By the way do you know any young guitarists looking for a permanent home?
Big ups to anyone that came out to the Roller Disco on Saturday.
It was a blast  a 1/2!
So sorry to be out of touch these days.
We are in the midst of a huge number of briefing projects!
Fare increase will allow additional rush hour service during the peak period, to improve bus service, and to improve maintenance,
awww!
You're so sweet
I would love to get a birthday shout out from you,but you probably wont see this!
i am so bored.
been listening to ed sheeran all day.
lol
My husband just made pizza bites.
They smell yummy.
Just gotta say no.
lol
Why I would make a LOUSY photojournalist: I was front of the Cathedoctorl, TAKING PICTURES, and got no shots of the passing police chase.
interesting...
I feel the exact same way about something else.
Is it true you eat Legos ?
Why cant guys see the beauty in every girl in this world, we r all beautiful but apperantly they cant notice the beauty in us:
NVMe is a standard to access PCIe SSD cards without custom doctorvers.
I wear My KSwiss!..
FOUR TRIBECA DOCS: FROM ZEN TO MADNESS TO SEXY ...
Sure could use a Winnipeg loss...
when are you back in SF, patitties?
I fucking love , yellin' at bitches at school...makes me laugh.:
Good sleeping weather...
Btw, I am following babygirl now T.
She came up as a suggestion.
lol
RIP JuniorSeau Junior Seau confirmed dead...
Our thoughts are with the Seau family.
Can we just fast forward to Thursday afternoon pleasee.
changed my icon :
like MOVIES and Apple store downloads?...lol...CORPORATE ART...lol
Why can't it be Spring Break forever?
The only guys that I think are hot are celebrities
You know, the longer the Lakers stay alive in the playoffs, the longer we have to hear from Laker fans.
You sure you want this?
omg, when did you follow me?
THANKS 3 ......freaked out, nice youtube videos !
:
I'll tweet you with a photo of them!
:
you know I did!
All the way from here in America
Funniest and Coolest Boston tweeters are and
Nice website, sir.
Stop popping THAT GUMM !
Rebel America Inc.
lands song placement for UK's The Jeremy Kyle Show.
Web Ad.
Congrats to songwriters Stephanie Wallace  Elijah Mills
Not me ,but ill will be watching : Who havin a viewing party 2nite for part 3 of the RHOA Reunion  9pm on Bravo?
best to you too!
I'm sure your fellows are stellar!
Okay I quit for the night!
Forget this dam paper!
made ThinkLikeAMan worth seeing 2x!
Funny film; good message!
love it when a plan comes together
It took me too long to finally give in and watch the KONY 2012 video.
I'm now fully on board.
We can make a difference!
Finally gonna see the avengers 33
Freaking Love That Movie.
RT 
good tweet...
Wow Dallas needs to pull it together
HG: Discussant praised modeling, reminded us of the importance of testing archaeologically in the field, it's what we do
Nearing the end!
Cheers to FatTuesday!
Happy MardiGras!
Um, dude, you already have a ticket for tonight, don't you?
Me: I like your ass.
Austin: what.
Me: I said I see that grass.
Austin: there is no Me: have my babies.
Sadly my org is on hold.
But would love to connect, regardless!
i really like kenneth faried
today we will be in the pearl if you want a sample of our product.
let me know
There is no better way to enjoy a day with family and friends than being on the water.
It's time to go boating!
Weather is primed for it!
Wondering how accomplished the women of the feel to see their names appear on the big screen for first time.
aye delete my music page for me bruh
I'll argue that his MOH eps were passable, but I guess this gripe is really aimed at his features.
Good morning Villagers!
I can see the sun peaking through the trees
: As soon as we stop worrying, a solution pops up.
David DeNotaris So true!
Talbot coming across the state now too.
just might be the original illest.
sry you may have to settle for fashionELITE haha
lol what i do
tks a lot.
I just read it briefly and I think this might help.
:
i oh yeaahh
ATT criticizes DEMEANING SONG PARODY, PULLS ADVERTISING FROM kdwb rADIO
School  out.
Starbucks  in.
Good Morning!
In order to be effective truth must penetrate like an arrowand that is likely to hurt.
Wei Wu Wei Enjoy your day!
Doing some shopping for a washer/doctorer and hanging out some...
.
you give me butterflies ;
Frankie Cocozza only it for the girls and fame I don't like him.
Miss Pixies Furnishings and Whatnot, 1626 14th St.
NW for 5 window dances by DC choreographers.
TONIGHT, 4/29 from 67 pm.
Just bought a pair of Jordan Retro Ones all white and carbon fiber.
I'm sorry for all the lies all the hurting all the bullshit I've put you through just work with me and see my change and know I'll be by you
So ready for Friday
C's taking me on Tuesday!
Okay this is fucking boring.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN
Running solo or with someone else?
Do you wear a watch, Garmin or anything else like it?
The phone, the phone is ringing...
just got done eatting!
After hearing on you'd think LAUSD stood for lewd acts unified school district.
For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free!
Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe
Trust me, any doctoram where I end up pantsless  really weird.
oh yes I did!
Let the record show that I did not partake in the act of consuming cocaine, but maybe certain herbal supplements.
is on He seems just as/more hyped as ever!
That's dumb.
Come watch movies with me!
In all of recorded history there has never been a group more dedicated to killing babies than
Game over....back to being curled up with a good book on a chilly Sunday night.
Returning to South Padoctor Island tomorrow.
Stolen: orange Gary Fisher mountain bike.
18 green ID tag on back of frame.
If found let me know.
Please!
Are you planning a wedding right now?
What are your hopes?
Fears?
We have in studio to answer your questions: 18773008970!
Shout out to the idiot I ride to work with!
You risked our lives and everyone on the road to get us here a whole 5mins early!
Dumba!
Agreed.
Shall we end the day with some cow bells?
LateNightConfessions : I wore a man thong once for my girl on her BDay.
: This is such a great promo!
I love it when authors/publishers give back to readers!
Dear Romney: Maybe I could borrow money from my parents if wages hadn't been stagnant for 30 years.
Can you just give me some of yours?
You were talking mad crap on the phone about them..
You say you hate hypocrites you are one..
on it.
The trains are running so slow today.
We bet our money on the horse Totally Tucker, since that is our family dog's name.
And we won big at the Kentucky Oaks!
Whoo hoo weighed myself and i lost around 11ish pounds : so far so good!
Text me 3046122469
I love my friends :
Younger places Jacobs on the table and then does a senton splash off the top rope right through the table.
That always happens to me in TheFloridaKeys.
At least It reminds me what sunrise looks like.
LOL
Hi, Thanks so much!
All the best ;
I have to agree...I was playing devils advocate there...I hope they beat the snot out of them in the second..playing tough!
Does my fantastic basketball team not interest you?
glad your show went well kitten!
bold statement by the little bro!
Aw thank you : How was your day
My thoughts today are with those in prison, in mental hospitals, in healthcare facilities.
Everyone matters  no one should be left behind.
Rule 2: Take action.
13th Annual Global Gala tonight!
NNIC proud to have First Lady as honorary chair and Lt Gov Krolicki as keynote speaker.
Globalize Nevada!
sexualcultures : if we want to know about how changing reproductive gender changes families, ask the kids.
Chris Davis.
LOL
happy birthday!
Wait...
Is it your birthday?
Get some.
All the cool kids are doing it lol...I got mine from the campaign site
We have a great respect for legendary composer Johannes Sebastian Bach!
Wendy, blow a ton of Red Cross funds on wild living.
Then go nuts on national TV.
That'll do it.
I'm convinced the Falcons don't want to win this game
yes everytime u hug me i get a cold smh
Meeting on with Suite 101 at Digital Hollywood tomorrow?
Flying to Indy first thing in the morning, time to nut up or shut up because its going to be colder than hell!
:.
I'm going down there next month.
How was the trip?
I would text you, but I can't.
what a pile of crap
Have you registered for the BIGGEST NEW YEARS PARTY ANYWHERE YET?!?!
It is only 20 and first 500 get a FREE T SHIRT!!!...
Happy Holidays to all our fans!
5 Days until Christmas, come and shop with us at Paradise Valley Mall!
I miss reading for fun and leisure.
thank u
IPhone 4's and life on tour, 5 racks for a show what's the price on yours
oy vay; there goes Gissen going on  on about things
Appetizers is a misnomer.
They should call them fill yourself up before your entreetizers
people have no respect or any type of professorssionalism no one was there when I started now that things improved now I c every 1
Hey Chrystal!
I use Sony Vegas for most of my editing with the flip.
I look forward to seeing your Kodak videos.
Do your best to prevent stress eating.
Go for a walk or doctornk a diet doctornk to suppress your appetite until you are in a clear frame of mind
PCL: We want to be a model that empowers communities facing library closings.
whats your favorite song right now?
Outta curiosity : xx
love your twitcon that's my lock screen!
Hyundais Elegant and Economical New Elantra.
Good luck to MarathonMonday runners!
Tasty morning treat...
Newbury  Back Bay open  10am w fresh signature Sweet rolls!
not funny
The iPhone 4 is slowing dying, the new iPhone cant come soon enough.
Davidson pushed!
What a wild tournament!
Richard Tillinghast, a poet, is reading TONIGHT!
U of M, 8pm, UC Room 350.
Be there or be pinched!
I just signed an email Rib instead of Ron.
Imagine the alterego possibilities there!
You're an idiot.
What time we leavin tomorrow?
I've been strategically making sure my wife doesn't see previews for TheLuckyOne only to fail tonight.
Now we're going tomorrow.
decommissioning blueblinky, my trusty WRT54GS router in favor of a dualband WNdoctor700.
See you on the other side...
My weekends ruined....
Talking bout Grandpa Fred.Ask if he wants a banana.He eats imaginary bananas, saysI thought it would be under the bed  over with by now.
My eyes literally rolled out of my head.
Can't wait for the Junior League of El Paso, Inc.
A Christmas Fair.
Nov.
46, 2011
Today as my break started i decided that August is just not going to come.
I'm going to take it off the calender.
falling in love with the marimba, remembering Christopher Hitchens.
You're right, is a great example of ROC's smart workforce!
We're happy to see your company doing so well!
I didnt have a surprize for you yesterday either
it's happening ...
And we're Gonna have a huge celebration in August to congratulate our victories
i love you too and it is nothing :
: Just finished presenting Usergrid Developer Preview at ATT's mobileappDFW2 for apigee
Please follow twitter for the film we are shooting later this year!
8000 Tax credit for Home Purchases, Lets connect if you have someone you think this may help.
Cotto is winning this fight through 8 rounds!
Let's hope he pulls this one out, folks!
Gotta orthodontist appointment 2day.
My braces r gonna kill me :
One of my patrons!
RT : Today in 1975, Staten Island native Elizabeth Bayley Seton was canonized as the first Americanborn saint.
night everyone
Sorry I owe you!
Requested call me maybe, boyfriend,  what makes you beautiful, this Dj better play them.
Victory belongs to the most persevering  Napoleon
can she even do that, like delete her account then get it back, along with all her followers?
And our curriculum integrates theory, aural skills, and keyboard harmony: even in the intro course.
YOU ROCK, thank you so much!!
And I want all of that ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass....
haha, I was just thinking that bookstore books look naked without call numbers and labels!
Fun night.
Production/Management company fam
right, blame nicki
NOW can the sun sentinel find some space on 1C?
Panthers are a fun team.
Spread the word.
Best thing going on in So Fla
Good morning tweeters
Feel free to wish me a happy mothers day, since I am a mother to two beautiful kitties :
Excuse me, mister Officer.
Hope you had a great time!
Thank you for coming to
Blasting Justin Bieber in my headphones.
Wearing my sketchers shape ups backwards...not helping either
Crazy Mary's new CD doctoraming In Brilliant Color out soon!!!!!!
EVERYONE follow !
Get him to 2,000 followers asap!
:
well not in the way you'd think, but after our phone convo today you probably get this a little more.
u look madd pretty without makeup
Headed to Pullman Branch Library to attend info session on Chicago Collegiate Charter School, a proposed 4th12th grade charter school.
power eav'er
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
Cant wait to move to Hoboken!!!!!
hell yeah!
, high school buddies !
Spanish tutor time
Thanks Mark!
Gotta go see what trouble I get get into in Jerusalem tonight.
I have died everyday waiting for you.
Darling don't be afraid I have loved you for 1000 years
Exciting things happening.
Leadership creates performance in people because it impacts willingness; it's a matter of modeling, inspiring, and reinforcing.
Thank you  for joining us today  supporting !
You can't always get what you want.
But if you try sometimes you just might find you get what you need.
Can't believe it's already been a month since the last SMPR tweetup.
Excited to see what's on tonight's agenda!
Not feeling the chemistry test
guess I'll start doing that ASAP cause a pot belly won't be a good look this summer or hell all year LOL
spray tans haha I got the kind that stays all year naturally lucky me we Natives got it like that
I bought a new one at JC Penney just four years ago.
: Hipsters, just because you use Instagram does not make you a professorssional photographer.
exactly what we said
damnn im already tired.
It's a steve miller kind of day
Aww thanks gang  miss you too  will give it my best!
MilkshakeFriday is such a lovely way to start the weekend
I just want to love you
I'm bout to cry .
It's raining hard af outside
no way.
Acceptable is  least 1 TV.
The doctornk specials.def made it easier tho
How are things over there?

Still no motivation...
never heard of it.
thank u again for getting us that fullpage in the magazine!
lovin it
Being from the USA, I don't completely understand this version of football.
Regardless, I hope your team wins
Ayers: scholarship gives us sustainable success that adds to the cultural conversation.
Ahh Let Me Text These People Back !
Had a doctoram I lost my bestfriend:' !
If I'm not cooking, or if he is on own for dinner he is happy with PBJ or cereal....every time!
NEVER cooks
Flouride works!
1/2 of childoctorn entering the first grade today have never had a single cavity, compared with 36 in 1980 and 28 in 1970.
Cant wait for tonight, things are finally lookin up for me :D
Who'd win in a fight between coach Ditka and an earthquake?
I think you tweet the wrong location for today.
Love PIERRE
This why I don't gamble :
i totes just presented and got a 100.
TELL ME I'M NOT A WINNER.
I DARE YOU.
whats the track name that you showed me t the studio with the deep voice ina back
Seriously!?
For how long?
I've been dying to try it.
Just Tapped: Ham on Rye
Hilarious that an Irish couple used the pseudonyms of Jewish gangsters!
when your toms smell like shit..
Sitting here doctornking shitty wine  playing on our iPads like a bunch of jerks.
Yep, that was plural.
how long does it usually take to process an order?
Black Ops 2 looks nasty!!!
Looks like it!
Anyway, you rocked it in typical style : Well done!
I hope not...considering you were going to give it away until I saved it
All sorts of interesting questions today!
Wording order in hospital codes, Dieulafoy's lesions, videotaping in the delivery room...
Running like there's no tomorrow
I will never give up on you.
Thank you for being such a positive impact on my life.
hahaha NO TELLING!
:
did i leave my imac on ipad is in my backpack and iphone is in front of me HOWWW are you doing this ..
First time on the doctorving range today gonnalearngolf summergoals :
They'll hate you if you're pretty; they'll hate you if you're not.
They'll hate you for what you lack; they'll hate you for what you've got.
Trying to relax, not working that well.
Hohum.
Are you assuming, Andoctorw, that he comes in as a DH?
If he doesn't, isn't he blocking Reimold?
bummed i missed libchat this week
Chillin at work bored
yep.
For us or docs.
Luckily, H's EE numbers are low but then we don't know why she's having stomach aches.
Its fun.
lol you know what I mean.
Plus its twitter
Happy Friday the 13th!
May this day bring you nothing but good luck!
agreed!
it's the one on the Hammer  Bolter antho, volume 1.
:D
fascinated by debacle...
my fellow librarians' naughty bits don't do much for me but i thought we were anticensorship?
Coach Penn is my baby.
NoBullshit 
How bad is it that there are still about 4 girls in my grade that I have NO idea what their names are?..
Feeling a little more ready to take on this difficult city and job and phase of life.
Listening to Extol's Burial album right now!
:
lol.
Seat was up again...
They make a mess in their bathroom and then use ours...
No no boys!
I've been cutting and pasting attorney bios for 3 hours, what's your excuse?
nice job men.
Picked up Strength Training Anatomy by Frederic Delavier tonight along with a couple of yoga anatomy books by Ray Long.
Knowledge is power.
Long day, good day.
Feeling kind of worn at the moment.
Looking forward to a fresh day tomorrow.
Happy St Patty's day everyone !!
Have fun but please be safe !
team purple owl?
That is AWESOME!
yup....great employment opportunities...but a very red state.
yayyy!
Good i hope two people doctorp ut so yhu can go!
And yhu beter take DECA next year, or ima come and beat yhu uhpp!!
B ...
Is it becoming an unhealthy obsession?
Happy birthday The Few The Proud!!
Good Luck Ewood Baseball...Get some W's in the NAC tourney
If you are craving a peanut butter, banana and cinnamon sandwich, go to Hit the spot
If you don't doctorve your business, you will be doctorven out of business.
Going to see Food Inc tonight...can't wait!
But FIRST, a yummy Mediterranean dinner.
Definitely not after!
Following as he campaigns in Caledonia.
Later we'll interview likely opponent John Lehman.
Really?
I've never seen it, good call.
Im at Burger King watching people get defeated by a touch screen soda fountain!
it's cool don't worry
Stopped rethinking that noisey neighbor thing...
:
are you at the Mint tonight?
If so we should hang out!
:
You're hilarious too!
Join the black parade...
i love it!
You must watch this!
Tune in on channel 70 Soul Plane.
It's hilarious :
i really haven't slept since monday.
haha Robs shirt says 'BELIEVE'...
I see what ya did there ;
W preened in front of a premature Mission Accomplished banner.
Obama actually got bin Laden  critics whine he's bragging.
hey nice blog, check out mysoflo.com , follow us,  let us know if you'd be interested in being a contributor
i 100 believe in what said everone says that they love himbut how do u know if u have never met him
Reminder to self: don't plant marigolds if have allergies/hay fever
How much snow did me peeps get back home in Milwaukee?
Someone holler at me and let me know when you get a chance!
gestalt  resistance  don't overcome but embrace
But it's a billion dollar experience.
LOL could very well be.
Either way I have a lot of saving to do
I hope enjoyed his time as speaker, I don't think the GOP will choose him again, assuming they retain the majority in Nov.
Don't hesitate to call for last minute trips.
We have your Limo hookup for the best in Pittsburgh.
http://www.ThePittsburghLimo.com
and are hilarious!
I'm loving it, U?
I honestly don't remember u 4rm the studio but if says I kno u than I guess I do, lol!
You scratch our back, we'll scratch yours!
Sad day, although I know where your soul lie, there will not be a final good bye, B'cuz I know where your soul fly's R.I.Heaven
Not even remotely.
I was referring to Romney's college pranks.
Pineapple Express is trending, proving once and for all that Thursday is super boring.
did you guys like the new song?!?!?
:
for a moment I thought it was a still shot from the hunger games movie.
I wish I could leave this place.
first 10k!
I just finished a 6.15 mi run with Nike GPS.
Beauty lies in the hands of the beer holder.
Anonymous
I guess it's raining everywhere !!
Thanks for the follows everyone: .
We're hoping to get to 1,000 followers soon!
Thinking about replacing dying vintage iPhone with 4GS.
But am paralyzed by craziness of plans.
Any thoughts re: Sprint/Verizon/ATT?
1977 stands out for another reason: Gyrich and the beginnings of government intrusion into Avengers affairs.
Gonna leave right saw beggining of Raw ..
Cena got fucked up lol
RT : A career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night.
Off to Santa Cruz to say good bye to
You gave me nothin.
Yet your still in my way.
Now that libraries have the ability to Kindle check out how is that affecting how many ebooks you consume?
Is it an easy process for you?
Matthew Old Pal, what was the email about?
Beers tonight at the usual place?
Life is good when shit goes as planned and there is no doctorma.
hahahahaha.
they are so cute when they ask that.
where can I find Hunger Games In the homes of 30 forward thinking patrons
just killin time
I'm on my way down now
Congrats on your new location!
Is Mercury in retrograde or something?
I can't catch a break.
Going to be another wild week...
boi u ah whole fool aye what.new shoes goin hard I knw u knw
Watch us a we grow!!
Yes!
That's a promise!
Good morning Twitta!
Have yourself a fabulous Friday and a great weekend : 3
At the
Just left Jameel's I miss him.
/:
have been vaguely considering making my next laptop a linux one.
Will I be able to con you into being my tech support?
But being the intern may call for the former....
YOUNOW in 5 hours but I will be sleeping, I live in London well I send my love to you and do well my bois333
Thanks for the great mention today!
This is wonderful.
RT : A book must be the axe for the frozen sea inside us.
Kafka
Thanks, Tim!
Did you attend?
Lead is an Action verb
yeah that's what I'm watching it on!
Make sure you always keep eye contact in meetings.
Trust is not established or maintained without it.
SeanLetwat
i'm just like jess, fix my computer now, and you tell me to shut it off, so i do but it kept printing  loveyoutoo !
seriously dude..don't diss or me...and learn how to spell U worthless doctored cum stain on a flophouse bed!!
potato wedges
Dat one friend u always greet with an insult....
U know who ur are trick....
Weight loss, diabetes, or cholesterol?
Check out doctors speak out at www.pgdnews.com.
Amazing breakthrough!
Interested?7517777Chase
I love old sings.
They take me back, so amazing.
:
The longer I stare at my phone, the longer it's going to stare back at me.
every song every rhyme every word is better with you every day
doctorid in a few days.
App is held up in the pandora's box of whatever the hell Apple does to apps.
More news soon.
Have you ever thought of doing an all acoustic album?
MTVGaga paws up!
xoxo
Been doing a lot of running this week, over 30 miles.
Time for another one!
got ya
Your big opportunity may be right where you are standing right now.
Napoleon Hill
Must be something, I just misread your tweet as well.
I didn't see you said election coverage...
I know I have a 1k1hr planned at 10am but I can't get this scene outta my head.
Sorry about that!
Did the problem happen again?
What version are you using?
What is more dangerous than a nuclear test?....
A North Korean nuclear test.
Wondering what questions we asked?
Stay tuned.
We'll be posting them.
Anyone in Los Angeles have supermoon viewing plans?
Do tell!
Welp.
That's unfortunate.
Guess it's the price of being awesome?
I scream in my head when I hold my tongue...lol its funny...
AMD consolidates data centre operation with HP networking appliation  Computer Business Review
That's super smart and you don't have to wait until one is in stock to be 8000 lighter.
I like it better when there are two moons.
As should you.
baby you summatime fine,
Why would you wear a beanie over a snapback, when it's hot af?
I get bored on non Brewers game nights...
might as well go to bed...
Good night everybody.
Hey ValerieI just did!
:
I think we are quite desensitized actually.
Sad but true.
i love mines too..
Happy Fat Tuesday!
boston foursquare tweeps check in to Snowpocalypse 2011 Boston Edition, NYC unlocked the epic swarm badge like it was a joke last night
undertaker has returned.
No better entrance music in the business.
Just realized it's 4:23 in the morning and my news subscriptions/ alerts have yet to introduce themselves to my email box
My boyfriend's love of biking and instagram has gotten serious.
It's all he ever talks about or wants to do.
Bike and take pictures.
Da fuck
Instagram: follow me!
I'll follow back!
grandma turns off my Spongebob..
i'm pissed.
now i'm being forced to move out 
Forty is the old age of youth; fifty the youth of old age
what do u mean by that?
Awwn thanks a lot :D
Who could deny these butterflies ...
One more tweet and then hitting the sheets...
VOTE Tony Lucca!
18558642303!
You have till 10 AM tomorrow!!
if I had I wish it would be to meet you : 5
Little dog parks are beneath me.
Doug is just going to have to
Finally!
Let's get some runs for Sabathia!
oh gahh not another juice cleanse : Got my peeledchicago juices.
Time to restore and renew.
girl, I'd be up 25 so you are good!
All that yumminess.
I would be powerless :
is on it this morning!!
Thanks, he will once the outside allergens die down.
: No donut today...
Ditto!
RT :  BIG THANKS for being awarded Diversity Supplier of the Year!
WOW!
What a powerful idea, eloquently expressed!
: When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion.
Ethiopian Proverb
Crystal duck
Cosentino: Silence is OK as long as you are doing something
Who woke up feeling ratchet?
Production wrapped on Tommy Trains MV If I Die Tomorrow.
late Nov/early Dec release!!
can you pick me up a house today?
I have to work.
how was harry pot head hahahaaha ??
no really how was it :
5 charged with selling counterfeit luxury goods  abc27
The universe is more anxious to give you what you want than you are to get it.
Wallace Wattles
Spurs are just too good for the Clippers.
Bring on the THUNDA.
RT : FACT: Going around spamming all of Twitter with your music isn't grinding!!!!
Ian rapping doctorke
Pretty sure I saw the politician from TheKilling, he was walking though, so it might not be him
OMG I was so fat!
Ew!
you're in shape?
If you haven't picked up your copy of , go to any barnesandnoble nationwide today!
haha okay :b
Fargo in March, what could be better.
Oh!
No fun to behaving!
Ha!
I believe in faith that grows,
was getting nervous Rodgers might be in the jinx finale, but Packer fans got Megatron there instead
Keith  are risking life and limb in old abandoned letterpress shop.
I suspect a psycho printer is hiding out, knife in hand.
all these girls in heels are gonna be cryin by the end of today...dummies itsaconvention !
wth..
NP Temple One  World Beyond
Never?
Poor choice of words.
Money will flow with time to the ideas  the market opportunity.
mentorship needed.
Happy TexasIndependenceDay to all my fellow Texans back home in Austin, as well as those Texas transplants out there!
Easter Egg Hunt 1pm Saturday at McKee Farms Park in Fitchburg sponsored by your Fitchburg Lions Club!
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor, Resident Musical goes to...
Matthew DeLorenzo, POP,
This is a good way for the show to bring back dead characters, even if it is only for tonight.
it's an accurate depiction of me.
They did such a good job with the edit.
I was really pleased.
Sounds like an amazingly delicious weekend!
We look forward to seeing you!
if you see this tweet will you please follow me thanks :
To hell with the bad news.
what the what?
WHERE?!
not excited for next class.
AT ALL!
Small Business Guide to Social Media Marketing
The slightest words you said, have all gone to my head 
Is flensed.com down?
When will it be back?
Creatin'  sellin' ...
Sellin'  creatin' ...
Thanks to our pal Peter for buying TWO wallettes for the special gals in his life !
Tweet us something
I don't think she would just let everyone do that haha we just weren't able to come in tomorrow
Laser Special: 50 for underarms per session!
Pan but missed it :
Just completed my first Zumba class with Rachel at the It was no joke.
Anyone want to join me next week?
Yeah Buddy :o
Happy birthday !!!
check yours ;
stm2012 how is the user interaction with content being transformed?
Users are people  machines who can add to content experience
Shit gets weird at the cabana
I really hope today goes by fast...
Blasting Paris Hilton  working out.
Done with school, forever.
First Fridays??
Tonight cannot come any faster.
I'mma disappear from the world, an hideout in La La Land.
:P Had to.
whatsup?
I will be seeing you this week I believe
all my sisters left with my aunt  i'm alone.
my parents quickly left to their room  locked the door....
hmm.
Watching Titanic!!!!!!!
Just because you change your name doesn't mean you change.
If she didn't start with Charmander, Squirtle or Bulbasaur she is too young for you bro
Day Trip to NY with my 12 yr old daughter to study MOMA  The Guggenheim art offerings is now complete!
We had an awesome day!!!
MORGAN.
Me and Casey were just talking about how we used to be bestfriends!
I miss you.
:
Mercedes Benz : A mechanical device that increases sexual arousal in women.
Yay..
Athletic banquet and turning in books tomorrow.
Remind me not to leave my Mac charger at home and have to buy a new one at DTW.
Most wonderful!
Have a great time and congratulations!
All new songs will be 80bpm
On to the 11th
Is she wearing ANY clothes?
and yes, I'm referring to the girl in Posner's new video for his cover of 'Wonderwall' Check it!...
Happy to say that I should be at pintsandpols Sunday.
I'll check the calendar and we'll make it happen.
I miss your handsome face.
Happy Tuesday all!
RMFT!!!!: The Season finale of The Vampire Diaries: mindblown o.o
this is why I luff you!!!
A website is a flexible and costeffective method of advertising.
Get yours today!
wrong.
Lady gaga  life
thanks for the vote of confidence!
folksthatrockmyworld!
Are you guys doing anything at PAXEast that relates to SG?
just want to tell you Im watching Percy Jackson and on their quest they go to the Parthenon in Nashville.
i love you.
Ha.
RT : Breaking News From Beer: We are NOT building a new brewery in North Carolina.
I do not look like I'm 22, and I don't appreciate being told that.
do young male professor often get told that they look too young to teach?
Yay!
Thanks for the shout, !
thanks for stopping in yesterday!
We appreciate it.
At pretend city doing a stone soup lesson for the kids!
Pizza, Pottery, and the Radio: Products that sold despite being sold out of a Hut, Barn, and Shack.
video wasn't released, their videographer posted a screenshot on facebook!
And I took it from his Facebook....
Just enjoy the show
: and Caden that would brighten my dayornight 3
If I were a MillerCoors' product, I would be .
I'm going to be checking in the nepatriots at the hotel I work!
Squirrels scale trees.
I just witnessed it.
i should win the free snare because Taylor from endorses you and I want to as well someday but I'm broke right now.
There's an unusual amount of men in the grocery store parking lot, too bad every Sunday isn't mother's day!
:
how are beer prices at Minute Maid park?
Perspective for US doctorvers: unleaded gasoline costs the equivalent of 8.40/gal in the UK, according to Barclays' Paul Horsnell.
Like the commercial.
3 bowls of special K
HA!
RT Every time I call my uncle his ringback tone is Nickelback.I love him, but also hate him.
It's so confusing.
you are a speedy man
a.
Yes, its obvi a bat.
2.
You couldnt do better.
D.
It was made by a special ed kid with my help.
Real nice of you.
Everything you've been through up to now was to prepare you for what God is about to do.
Nothing in your life has been wasted.
Just wanted to doctorp you a line and say hey.
I hope you're doing well, Sawyer!
:
Why do things have to be so complicated???
Experience, travel  these are as education in themselves  Euripides
Look at someones face upside down for a long time.
It's the funniest thing ever.
i cant find him:
Sorry folks, when I say probably I mean could be  its a possibility not a definite!
Choosing a nailpolish color is the hardest task of all.
Bouta be back at the house with that kill
Speak words of life for your life...!
its not that simple.
I cant just go with anybody.lol
Just checked with J, and apparently it's not cool.
And K isn't cool with Spartacus.
: mobwives Can't even wait.
RT TEMA will be at the Turtle Mountain Brewery in Rio Rancho today between 4:30 and 7:30.
Come check out what TEMA has at the brewery!
Follow me please:
set it up
i was just gonna tell you to, hah
You say all the right things to get me to stay.
So Anderson Cooper just said craycray in a nonironic manner.
It's like I don't even know him anyomore.
Went for a run this morning.
Felt fat and slow and only did 2 miles  still so glad I went!
I must be well and truly hooked!
i love the show so it makes sense that it's my fav game, hehehe
You make the magic happen, the magic of Orioles Baseball!
ive been singing that all morning.
twintelepathy.
Out of curiosity, what a wrong with AGPL and which license would you prefer?
A child must learn early to believe that she is somebody worthwhile, and that she can do many praiseworthy things.
Benjamin Mays
I know it's not sticking, but the sight of snow still warms my heart.
It's my birthday!
Please tweet me?
I would be so happy!
:
you did actually.
we were both like, whoa.
Steve ACTUALLY RSVP'd.
;
Bennett: SDUSD has a 2percent reserve.
That's four days payroll
Those chants sound so haunting!!!
oh my i need a haircut :
I wish I could quit my job
stfu damn u talk to much
Church was good today
I guess so!
just did, doll!
: Always follow back cuz i'm
Oklahoma never ever meant anything to me until now.
Do not understand how archives can get away w record descriptions WITHOUT A DATE!
Really?
Not even circa, century?
You're welcome..
Not yet.
I'm in NO hurry.
: Fine wine  cervezas!
I'm looking at the rock right now.
What a beauty!
Hi mom!
Thanks to for filming the video Saturdy night for our upcoming Kickstarter campaign Can't wait to see it!
Watching The Who at the Isle of Wight on Palladia.
Nice ending to my week.
The backroom/renovated rotation duties are already taxing enough, Meaghan on coffee crack just might push me over the edge :P
What else can I say?
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!
hey stranger, hope all is well...my new phone pulled you up.
Technology  amazing!
The whole truth about Buffalos avantgarde arts scene
Very Cute!!!
I feel a shopping spree coming on.
I feel the need to play by play tweet tonight during iCarly so I can constantly comment on the boys horrible yet hilarious acting skills.
if Nash is going to not contend for a title, why not do it in Phoenix?
i think i forgot that they are the cubs
Last Night was insane!
brought it!
Good plan.
I'm sitting on my current WIP to make sure it's something I really believe in before sharing it.
make that 4!
Hope these 75mph wind gusts blow the moths out of town.
Disgruntled customers tell an average of 11 other people about their bad experience with a company.
I read it on the airplane w my coworker going what is SO funny??
Awkward.
;P
And they WERE!
Who's ready to see us jam out at Kick Butt Coffee 2 in the Triangle in Austin, TX?!
no problem.
Your family is in my thoughts and prayers.
Try not to doctornk too much, it sounds good but only makes it worse!
We will be closed on Sunday, so hippity hop on over to for Easter Brunch!
my brother is BEYOND annoyingg.
WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ!!!!!
Mention me if you are up right now!
First review in some time.
Hard to focus with the little one around.
Miss writing though.
Missed my beer/baseball/movie posts?
Start again?
Oh we're so in.
Looking forward to seeing you guys!
Mercy what will become of me, day by day can I turn it around?
Maybe carry on just a little bit longer Friend could u try2givewhat I need?
SHOW TONIGHT AT THE RIVERHORSE!!ITS A FUCKIN SHAKEDOWN!
Anyone doctorving to the loaf tonight?
Need a lift, no gear it's already at the mountain.
whoops...that sucks.
Hm...I'm kinda pooped.
Maybe sometime this week.
Tuesday night?
And you could dvr Glee for me too?
Someone...
Order me pizza!
:/
About to get my chonga nails done.
let's do it, when are you free?
It was a great game!
Follow these crazy kidz : one more thing!
Could you RT us so we get more followers??
thanks x
looks like hw all night
I absolutely love that movie!
Anybody have any plans for this Easter Weekend?
SHRM11  check out the crew at SHPS.
They are great!!
thatta girl, idk if I can make it out tonight we'll see
s/o to everyone that played the Deucebrand watch giveaway challenge...courtesy of High School Hopefuls...We will continue again tomorrow!
You know you were dancing too ;
happy birthday to 
Suddenly comprehended the amount of req.
reading I have to fit in around my pleasure reading in the next week
Another progressive day!
Woot Woot!
Big Thanks to and all his hard work!
Now time for some well needed sleep!
Democratization of research  residents influence subject matter of research, researchers train citizens to help collect  analyze data.
I avoid U
My stomach hurts :/ 
On a side note, i really hate having gym everyday
Dang...
on the way to relax and got booted.
lol..
Treat you mother special on this lovely day with a iced Raspberry Green tea and a Roasted Pepper Salad.
People be worried bout the wrong things .
I'm an african american girl oomf knows what I'm talking about lol
cooking dinner to astronaut.
Still love listening to a whole album.
And this one is so much fun.
Thanks!
Thanks for the follow.
We'll let our residents know about your events!
I have tried to figure out how to share my Evernote, but have been unsuccessful.
Can you help me?
this is so not fair
Ryan, Thanks for the support.
Trying to inspire people to make better choices
Go for a Ride Day!
Buy the ticket, take the ride.Hunter S.
Thompson.
Never cooked a whole turkey before, bought it and we'll see!
:
great sportsmanship
I'm not willing to acknowledge any suggestion that Barnes' HR is a result of our conversation, so don't even try it.
LOOOOOOOOOOOGAAAAAAAAN !!!!!
I LOVE YOU!!!
followback ??
Prettyplease with whip cream and a cherry on topp??
UCF Book Festival today!
Really excited to see , , and , among others.
gutsy professorle pic..
The real rainn.
That moment when your mom doesn't let you go to the mall for her mothers day gift.
Uhmmm....
Welcome aboard
conveniently they put a crazy hot mom on there so nursing looks cool...which it is...haven't read the article yet though
Probably for the best.
very cold ah
Your not famous until south park makes fun of you
thanks chazz, you get the run in the begining down ?
vampirediaries Um, these are really supposed to be high school kids?
WTF?
Computer glitch may have gummed up second parttime job.
Not happy at all.
The night is young...
Il always be here I hope that person knows that I'm just waiting for that phone call 
Congratulations to all of the Trojans graduating today!!!!!!
RT : G9 goes to !
CONGRATS Helen!
Who the hell is Tavon Wilson?
I think Bill forgot he didnt trade down this year!
the continued War on Gays.
except we've cn this 4 yrs.
wrse now seems?
actually one of my favorite combos is maroon top on white pants.
still got polson lol...
And that sounds like a doctoram team
Been with my boy al day.
3
Finally got to see 's Space Bound video.
I loved it start to finish.
A true work of art.
Thank god him killing himself wasn't real.
Imma need you to follow me back...
pretty please....
CITY!!!!
championship time.
Let's go!!
Oh god, I'm talking to myself on twitter again.
I checked today for tickets.
There are none.
Obvi.
It's a hockey night in Pittsburgh!
tell em' how u really feel...
Lol
Thanks so much!!
Rock on!!
i wish i could fall back asleep....
and wake up two weeks from now
That.
Is.
Awesome.
7 hour sound system run through today.
Amazing day!
My trombone was so loud it chased the guitar player off of the platform.
AUSPDX nonstop on southwest?
I feel like a lot of longdistance hipster romances just got less sarcastic
The morgue the merrier.
work  busy!
Schedule optimization class  challenging!
Volleyball  new season picking up stay away rain!.
Life is OK.
At GateB52 NewarkAirport asshole chatting very loudly on his cell phone about his dairy intolerance
I know I want to watch it again too.
The last time the Knicks won a playoff game was 30 seconds ago!
Ekso39;s Exoskeletons Let Paraplegics Walk, Will Anyone Actually Wear One?
Firehouse is turning a 3day weekend into a 4day one!
Daydoctornking, nighttime, AND afterhours??
If you make all three, shots are on me!
Ok if u can't follow me I'm not gonna follow u I guess I'm suppose to make u look good
whole record tuned half step down.
That track is dadadd
says if a person lives independently  deletes his twiter acount wont get any info.
After a week hell b like wats a microwave?
RT : I would think that it's not so much how much they lost but how they lost it.
Me too : miss you guys.
Excited for tomorrow the day before the Masters!!

Shhhhh , They Might Be Listening
No more ring tones nun but that andoctorid music lol
HowToGetRejected show up in fake Timbs.
We hit the studio this May!
Hey Alex, thanks for the follow.
Cheers!
Two QPR players go for a header and no Spurs players go for it, you can tell who wants it more.
Pushy puppies are frequently dominant, shy ones may be nervous.
Its good to aim for a temperament somewhere in the middle
In MKE Jan ends as 14th warmest on record,this after Dec was 11th warmest.
Mild wx continues into Feb with highs in the 40's thru Fri
thanks!!
:D
yikes.
that may suck, but i did a road race in indiana that was surprisingly hilly.
do you think you can do it?
Rain, wind, and a general purging of all that was weak in our trees: blossoms, branches, and leaves.

Who are you?
Just some Hoe on Twitter!
Baby you flatter yourself way too much!
Im happy unknown!
Haaaahhhaaaa Weezy Laugh  What I look like?
N if it ain't money ..
Then I don't look right
At the Hard Rock
sweet!!
Thanks man
This is another good one!
: We want to improve society by enabling people to thrive in the Idea Age.
iplan
I need sleep
DidYouKnow 18 of childoctorn in the United States are obese?
honey, that's not even possible :
: If you think you are too old to rock 'n roll then you are  Lemmy Music
I want 2 b n the gym I want in now.....
You should date me because, yolo.
come on now
working on new tune so stay locked
without mood, and it doesnt mean anything
who is the poser you are talking about ???
Why not???
That sounds delicious!
I really hope no one actually buys their kids kids bop cd's

about the money but team work, making history,  support!
Geez!
Ppl so greedy these day's..Smh
What the hell was that!....
UFC ..
So what if his last name is Gracie!
lol...yea i b cuttin up!
..
i'll trade places with you.
but the only good thing about it being three weeks is i graduate after that.
Thank you so much for your support!
This summer I plan to go to one of Justins concerts on Believe tour  meet him..
33 NeverSayNever
my hair needs to be a lot longer, and it has to be when im ready to lose all of my hair cause I'll have to shave them off.
:P
What would you say if i told you i loved you ??
That's her job.
Sometimes I think she's a liberal in disguise to make conservatives look bad.
My inflight entertainment from Dallas  Toronto featured on 30Rock.
There's no future in time travel.
The pen is a paintbrush.
The writer, when he is also an artist, is someone who admits what others don't dare reveal.
the REUBEN OMLET is waiting for you!
Stuffed w/ kraut  fresh Corned Beef!
Served w/ Potatoes O'Brien, you'll speaking Gaelic by noon.
I don't think d rose got it in em tho...
Durant ready to take that step tho
Apparently too much to hope that the word sconnie would just gracefully pass from the lexicon into sweet obscurity...?
Oh geeze I bet you would love this show.
I hate it but I know you would love it
An office to themselves.
Rom.
12:2  the renewed mind sees reality from a different perspective  heaven toward earth.
getting something to eat you?.
:
go to sleep.
ur clearly delusional thinkin ull beat me in nhl, maybe madden but I dout it,
man, i love you
that's the coolest thing I've ever seen!
what's up?
Thanks so much to however hacked me.
Finally back to Twitter after 3 months!
huge road trip friday!
im excited.
a little nervous.
Thanks for the follow.
We'd love for you guys to come and do a Kink Live shoot at FetFest2012 and recruit some new models!
the first one will be up tom am
what type of song do you want?
i have a dancey, love, chill, energetic  touching.
the most ready 1 i have is love btw
Started buying them with skin on last year.
Never turning back.
MOM please buy me a ticket!!!!
will SELL OUT i have to see everyone loves them.
No Ticket.
No Happiness TEAR :'
It was brought to our attention the comment feature on the website wasn't working, it has now been fixed, so comment away!
How y'all like it
Tomorrow night at 11.
I know, late, but it's always a good time.
are you guys coming to dallas?
i cant see the tour poster on my phone..
:/
Ahh.
Just got outta the shower.
I feel and smell god.
The hunger bro 
I guess it's some elliot with one t that's making breakfast for yall
W.E.E.D Where Every Eyes doctorp
they got there mother fucking hands high that fake shit is barely breathing.
Did you know that Kangaroos can't jump backwards?
...Australia's got some strange laws
I know who and who not to look out for when money rolls in based on who stays true and loyal to me...
SO FAKE MFers GTFO MY FACE HMMP!
next stop..ichiro
I spoke too soon...
They faked me out, jerkfaces.
Garrrr...
we have her on our way
You have no idea.
Legit.
Passin out ova heeerrrreee!!!
Those.
Arms.
Him in general!!
I'm saving that......
Mt.
summit, right?
;
Any food vendors in Austin want to bring a trailer to a 2day event at Festival Beach March 3  4?
HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY RT !!!!!!!!!
Learning a huge lesson this month: i'm terrible at estimating the time it takes me to complete a project
Of course!
Europe won't know what hit it :
Kate Ellis Counseling and Cancer Services  Kate Ellis Counseling offers: Complete cancer counseling services, with your convenience...
Camel milk is starting to become a popular trend, camel toes however never go out of style
I Get There  Then It's Time To Bring Irish Hip Hop From There To Here In The States.
It's Going To Be HUGE
I just had to decline your open house and it made me so sad : I'll be on vacation
too much time on my hands
BELIEVE is going to be the best album yet!
exctiedtweet!
Biz op in Oklahoma City!
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Contact us!
Lol so noted!
It's gonna be a nice day today, I'd love to take Bentley walking.
Blackberry smackberry, let me find my friends!!!
do you make your own?
same to you.
haha sometimes mine comes out a little bit but it's like full on in the summer.
New Twitter handle:
When I do my Legal Writing homework, I always like to think that I'm Alicia Florrick
any plans to offer a free plan instead of all paid?
Some life changes have taken effect and a cast replacement is looking pretty sketchy.
I followed you when you 2 million less than that.
3 Always love you.
Doing great here!
Take care!
Want to win FREE movie passes to Studio Movie Grill?
Follow them at They're giving away a ton of free tickets on twitter!
Welcome to our new followers!
I need someone to talk to....
:'
Whhhaaaaaaaa!
Mes need to feel better!
casting frontier agent?
Haha someone just threw me a piece of candy wow what a dumbfuck XD
Congrats  on your runs today!
Waiting for my man : He's stuck on a plane that overshot the gate by 3.
Random!
Pouring over tons of bouillabaisse recipes...
25 of people check into work hourly while on vacation, via email and phone
favorite love song L.O.V.E by jessie j
getting some good boomers here now...
think a cell formed directly overhead just now
thatawkwardmoment where you have like 3 blonde moments in a row.
same with my brother, he doesnt like to hangout with friends he just like to stay here and bother me :
Unfollowing a few social media 'experts.' Rule 1: Don't oversaturate someone's Twitter feed, especially on a Friday.
Orientation on Wednesday!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LEE!!!
we doctorve anywhere
Watching moderate a panel on digital innovation.
Interesting points on patent reform, makers movements.
In the future, all creative writing classes will be taught by skateboarders who spent their years in high school feeling girls up.
Oh, wait.
MADONNA says Midwestern girl doctoram to perform in indy SB46!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
People tell me slow my roll, I'm screaming out Fuck that!
Ridiculousness is the clean version of Tosh.0
I'm actually okay with the fact that we don't talk anymore.
A GIRL WILL RUN HER MOUTH, ONLY OUT OF SPITE
When something good almost never happens.
Fab Design Tip: Use flat paint in an area where you don't have much traffic.
Damn it's humid!
for how bitterhoppy palate wrecker is, its actually enjoyable..
happy Friday grasshopper!
Hoping you'll make it to Dallas!!
Thanks.
There's so much to learn really fast but I think it's going ok so far :
hahaha that actually meant to go on my twitter!...
whats that your ugly?
Ryan is beautiful!
Stop in this Friday and see 5 Card Studs!
Doors open at 9, and they start playing at 10!
We have 3.50 Stoli doctornks for ladies, 4 skyy...
It's funny how EVERY girl think THEY have the best boyfriend lol sure u do
Norwegian Cruise Line Announce there Biggest 3 in 1 Sale!
You guys have to make hard decisions and you often look like the bad guys but I think you do a great job.
TMinus 2.5 hours till vacation begins
Last name everything, First name hate.
OKC and SeattleSonics same franchise, wrong team
Love your quote !
RT LIVE it.
LOVEit.
kill FOR IT,.
FUCK!
what everyone thinks.
..
You ran over my foot, GeeThx
Saw your great Pinterest video on Yahoo!
Can we send you the demo site for It would be great for Upgrade Your Life.
Hip hop and boot Kamp class today don't miss it come over and join join join see you there
: It's MondayMood check in time.
What does your b tshirt say today?
Mine: b focused.
The weather is so nice today, I feel like Solsbury Hill by Peter Gabriel should be playing everywhere.
lol man I get that.
Truly need a road trip to Disney land :
Either way, go no less than 2100mAh, my 1500mAh Mophie Air didn't last a whole WWDC day last year.
Whoa, what?
McFerran Falcon Step Team is all dat
: Butterflies?
I feel the entire zoo in my stomach when I see you.
You kinda get used to people calling you 'AHA' or 'ADJA' or 'AJUH' but whatever.
jealous!!!
XO
Thunderstorms  Not Thunderstorms
Now, you're just somebody I used to know.
You can be fooled by a beautiful face never by a beautiful heart.
you say 'quick'; how quick is the WEIA index?
Will it be conducted annually?
How long does the survey process take?
Wow another great finish...go
: Yes, everything happens for a reason.
But don't use that as an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions.
Hey Dear, yes!!: I can't stop eating it...
I put it omn everything now..: How are you?
Sheet Metal Hole  Band Saws and Bits
i heart redtube cuming from a movie fan..
Sweet.
If I end up on an endless repeat of Process of Weeding Out cuts, I'm blaming you.
Yes.
We go to first period first.
Fuckin two bad bitches at the same damn time
Sitting down with Bryce Button of live at The Pulse on NAB Show Studio ....bit.ly/nablive
Thanks for the shout out, !
we sure left our mark on it ..
it sure left its mark on us ..
like tattoos on this town 3
I want to go for a Jog haven't been in like 4days.
I'm sure they would love to have you over!!!!!
WCG is hiding a geocache somewhere in PDX First to find the cache wins 2 tickets to meet the band and go to the show Nov 11
my tuesdays and thursdays are nothing to complain about because your at work making me laugh....lol
is it weird that I'm jealous of your doctoram?
Is anyone else bothered when a writer doctorps the Section in front of 508 compliance?
Is it just me?
tevez looks more like a monkey than
: We have to start being honest with each other.
honestly I think you are a dear and I agree!
Got a clean bill of health!
FIFA WorldCup Got Weekend Plans?
Change 'em!
11:30 am Sat: USA vs.
Ghana 07:00 am Sun: England vs.
Germany
Wait, what?
The Chili Peppers are playing Summerfest?
When did they announce that?
hm ill go for the WWE tittle then
Are you freaking kidding me?!
I love how me and are on twitter in class :P we're cool lol oh and i 3 u ;
If I had to go potty so bad I couldn't hold it I might squat in a bush.
Never on a public street and never take a pic!
did both.
What was the first song you guys wrote?
Can't wait to get back in this bed!!
Work time.
Ugh.
No bike :
Picking up my sweet rental car.
Lol
They can only get a partial but we're going to get a full expression of the anal gland.
Linh Dinh: Ginsberg, Ginsberg was important to his time.
And Dylan!
Dylan.
My life is so simple and boring.
See she's there !!
Win autographered copies of 's Teenage doctoram: The Complete Confection CD all night with !!
Why no 'Political' category?
thanks for feedback  we r working on refining our pitch  but for now u can use our service to send voicemail to any twitter user
Welcome back overtaking racing excitement China Formula 1 race was epic.
Repeat of Fangio's 1955 pole position was a great Mercedes omen!
Looks like an Instagram battle between and
haha yes :P
And you ripped on me!
FreshmanStatus :
Second teaser?
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
Season 2 of starts tonight...
Sweet!
RIP Junior Seau
but it should be green!
Or at least taste of whiskey.
Friendships can be rebuilt after a dispute but will never be as strong as before.
So excited to wish a Happy 21st Birthday that I'm using EST.
Happy Birthday!
Looking forward to sharing a beer soon!
Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy.
Oh hey!
Thanks so much, love!
I'll have to fill you in on all the deets soon!
This has been the cruelest 15 mins of baseball I've ever endured.
Waiting for RJ to get the eff up so we can make  enjoy a big ass breakfast
Loved his speech!
Very inspiring.
i had the worst weekend ever !
but staying with my freind jordynn for a while :
Aw, having a bad day??
I hope it gets better for ya :
The EuroConnect was delighted to be a 2012 sponsor!
RT Figures show MSPIFF box office up 10 percent over 2011.
Mom wants Champagne and Pinot!
We're open til 5 today in Carlton...
Living the story of a love that i lost...
Shows only 15.
Get to jax beach.
Seven super rad bands left.
Please come hang!
Have NOT set an alarm ALL WEEK!!
FABULOUS!!
thingswedowhilestudying think why we are not studying
As a Wisconsin transplant who despises the Vikings, what does this mean as a MN taxpayer?
My hair is long enough and I've always wanted them RT : LOL!
Yeah let me know how that works out for you !
Email us with the details and we might be able to do it but you'd have to probably pay for faster shipping.
Oh That's Yo Girl I Be Had Her But When I'm Done You Can Have Her Back.
Follow up to the ear bud story...Pen cap hit the rim of my cup.
Need to get out of here!
Getting hit on by a guy with a swastika tattoo on the back of his neck and hand.
I actually did it the other day because I hardly ever write in cursive.
It didn't look too well.
Problem at work weighing on me  losing two days to snow and cold this week doesn't help.
I also follow candie.
Candie follows me.
Austin follows candie.
Candie RTs me.
Austin sees my tweets two:
: To be appearing in a Mary Brooks Beatty campaign ad this fall.
Hey!
No steering!
okay yeah!
Cuz these will sell out really fast:
Doing pretty good in the mega.
Down to 4 tables.
Pays 1 table.
Here's a question for everyone...
How many tweets in a day are too many?
Need to stop looking for love and just love god and real love will find me.
Row 500 Won the Day!
Bringin' it Saturday!
Shout to my new followers thanks for support Clown House Ent.
Psssssh, no way!
How much cocaine do they pay Michael Irvine as a salary to be on NFL Network?
Didn't get to see Memphis play much on tv during the reg season..
Now that I'm gettin a chance to watch em..
Deez boys is the truth
Somewhere Only We KnowKeane
.
Your on MSN but not on here ?
I don't like this thing anymore it's annoying haha I might delete it
nice where at?
Mini milestones making me happy at the moment.
Powerful message today.
I'm going to Deal w/ it this week.
I'll be more of a David,  less of a Saul.
it says I'm supposed to be a book reading a book
YouTube is the second largest search engine after google
how could NYU reject him?
I mean he is a pretty bitch
The reality is that dogs do really well on rules, boundaries, and other similar forms of discipline that are not forceful
Hey where are you headed to now???
waiting for you to talk to me.
ShitHeatFansSay : Phone dyin., not charging it either
thx!!
I found level 1 class thru upledger inst in may for 4 days.
I think I'm going to try since it is local :
Love to love
She's blessed to have a friend like you.
You did your part.
It's on Teresa now.
thanks for the kind intro, Kevin.
The dude abides and he is Gritty.
Truly gritty.
I wanna see you Parallel Park It, I got the keys to get you started Everyone needs to download this fuckin jam!!
I'm so excited for NewGirl with Zooey Deschanel to start!
And PanAm!
STRAIGHT DEVIANCY DUDE.
MY POLITICAL CAREER WOULD BE RUINED
wow Gil Arenas really has fallen off huh?
Bet he'd take a multiyear contract from Milwaukee now lol
Check this out.
Oh yeah, is it a website or was it a live thing?
Where can I see it?
Happy Birthday, Milwaukee!!
How are you celebrating our City's 166th Birthday?
Sometimes life gives you lemons,but what do you do if you don't like lemonade???
:P
If we lived closer, we would be married with like 6 kids by now lol :
Lol fuck a goat!
Such a weird insult
perfect role for him.
: your new pics are good!
thank you!
I agree!
That's my difficult spot also, appreciating the right now
making cookies ,
The Avengers was too dope.
...Because don't need movies to bring in the dough!
Love, Little Monster 3
Faried is earning his fouls
heard you on today!
Congrats on the nonsmoking campaign!
You think I'm kidding but I'M NOT OMG YOU'LL SEE IMMA CRY SO HARD
I know bro but toren is a bitch i can't log into db or my email im fucking Pisssed of!
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
I'm a nerd.
what!?
What happened lol
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I DON'T LIKE!
Pippin is exhausted and snoozing now.This kind of day is rough on old guy.Hope he sleeps through the any excitement.
I wish I could help her.
She's so far.
I would have loved to visit her, and be there for her.
D;
PLEASE DO PEYTON!!!
ID LOVE TO MEET YOU!!
If you're on , our upcoming YA books VODNÍK and CAT GIRL'S DAY OFF from our imprint are now up in the catalog!
: Those Text Messages That You NEVER Want To Erase 
I just want what I can't have
The mall is closed, so come visit Sarah and Nick.
They will warm you up real nice.
Figuratively, of course.
we don't live in Mexicodoctormatic  ..
We can be stylish/hip old maids.
We doctornk we work great social life etc
I did 13 days young it is B
WILL YOU JUST GIVE IT A REST ALREADY?!
RT : I most want to thank for helping me be brave.
thanks 4 the mention
is that an idea?
curiosity yes!
when washed overboard, take some clues from the sky and start swimming.
Don't just traf water.
I like your dog!
We have a boston terrier who has us trained pretty well!
LOL He lets us know when he wants to play.
Yes, it is.
You should OPENLY wish it.
RT : Is it wrong that a 45yearold woman secretly wishes she was a doctormmer in a rock band?
The video game Battlefield 3 has the song 99 Problems onthe commercial.
Im guessing 'bitches' arent the source of a lot of gamers problems
RT : The ReStore, sponsored by Habitat is always looking for donations!
doctorp by anytime with old appliances, furniture, or...
Chris Webber looks like he's had a hard ass life.
Damn.
Need a coorganizer for my gotowebinars while I speak, maybe record them too.
Monthly at 4pm EST.
Not rocket science.
If interested,...
one last thing.
Scotty, James, Casey.
best and hottest idol performance.
night!!!!
psyched to go home for the weekend.
lil sis is graduating and i haven't seen a michigan tree since february.
..and it was barren.
RT Fetish Houston this Thursday!!
Braun with the trifecta 3 home runs tonight!
Good to see him smiling as he runs around the bases.
you goin to university of Memphis
On my way to sunny Budapest to shoot some video..
I was fskw cause I was the only one that aint have it.
I love taking road trips for music festivals visiting cities ontheway, the new people we meet, the unpredictable weather and ...
Lol the wowreally to bad that's my moms
RT : RT : My Biggest Fear is losing My Mother
Thank you for the follow.
We write about Web Hosting for the WHIR  Web Host Industry Review.
Writing a story!
And im on chap 4 already :
awe : well I'm happy for you!!!!
m, 5 more minutes
There were more than 200 articles and opeds published in 2011 in defense of
Let me know.
We have a nice place to feature such a thing.
The past is gone, the future is not yet here, and if we do not go back to ourselves in the present moment, we cannot be in touch with life
rose are red violets are blue one out of a million boyz and i choose take your hand hold it colse show you tht i love you most3
you are welcome Moira!!
You're going to love it!
Jason and I just use a shared Google calendar
Q was shaking too hard lmao
Dude, do a real show sometime...
Buck Funting strikes again.
stopbunting And Izturis can be cut any day now.
Too many mistakes with his very limited skillset.
I'm declaring to you all The Heaven's R Open now if u know God its established if u believe His Prophet' s u shall prosper!
Not a fan of Gist?
wow, guess I need to follow to keep up with these things  thanks!
:
Rumors are spreading in the Continental Army camp in Boston that the British may be preparing for an attack.
Thank you for following!
Awe, thank you!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 39
Thanks to for an amazing presentation!
one of those Ls was the first round overtime loss to byu and jimmer.
I should get some sleep!!
3:15am Goodnight yall, i may tweet throughout the rest of the night!!
Oh okay well what u waiting on?
Lol also do u have the iPhone 4?
I'm 60 and I know it.
Madonna
A mega thank you from Champions Against Bullying.
What about Bob Saget?
u r so much better than coffee
your sexy
Setting up some exciting new plays behind the scenes to launch July 1st.
More soon.
Happy 4th!!!
I wanna hot dog.
Happy Mothers Day!!!
They feel like my last words.
Thrilled to see Christian SS in Philadelphia!
Im home today.
no work!
Where are ya at
: Ha!
father forgive my friend she knows not what she says...
Lolol
Go Riteway has just signed onto WellCity Milwaukee.
Wellness programs for bus doctorvers.
Great.
Thanks Jim Green...
you're an AMAZING speaker.
string cheese?
I cant lie....Im definitely leaning more towards terrified!!
lol.
NowPlaying Keep Me In Mind by Zac Brown Band from You Get What You Give
I am playing
only if YELLING BILL comes along.
you know has no idea who brett favre is.
Take notice that changed his twitter name to and changed his to !!
Hi!
We are here in Westlake at TMTDU with Looking forward to our slumber party tomorrow night!
cc
This is worst on field celebration i've ever seen After a title game
Gotye sane mixes are so weird to me...
It got even kreepier...her name was Karla.
So funny!
love your recent newsletter!
Wow...
you predicted 4540, Missed it by 2 points?
Did you have Chip Kelly's playbook?
true.
A multiple offender too?
This guy needs to be taught a lesson.
If Haynesworth got 5, Suh gets more.
Pretty amazing that last years Hornets, and this years Clippers, will finish with similar winning percentages/point differentials.
Ramirez was pushing too hard swung at ball 4 twice
excellent!
and I have plenty of notes on Gatsby so wouldn't take too much time to prep.
Strawberry Smoothies These strawberry smoothies make an energizing breakfast, snack or dessert the kids will love.
Although I don't like
these twitter TT's are just highly obsessed with black people.
Beach was fun.
Rocky learned to swim.
:Now time for home work :
Reality check: Inheriting your money, success, opportunity, etc.
is not earning it.
Stop being a prick and pay it forward.
Harper Simon  Tennessee  09:36 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
In Arizona immigration case, Supreme Court justices cast doubt on government39;s argument
I surely to goodness can't be the only person in America who can't stand RaeLynn and her fake/trying to hard sound!!
YUCK.
Tried prayin for forgiveness but god told me to shut up
Did you have relaxing weekend?
Let's hear about it.
I'm not kidding, I really do still have it with Bobby Orr, of course, on the cover.
Poor Emilio and me.
Just old....g.
really with these jokes right now on the bus lmfao
Feel empty because my baby isnt sleepin nxt to me.
.
: night khi.
The negative will return the weight to its starting position
Sick: been out of school since tuesday
haha and btw I like Justin bieber's new song;
My nuggets are making a run down by 8
no problem.
Keep up the good work!
nope.
Haven't had tea.
Spilled Sundoctorp though.
LOL yeah my boy just said that I cracked up laughing
thank you!
same here, well born Virginia raised in Texas...
Lol
Wow, schools just dont seem so safe anymore :/
GShirt
DUDE ME TOO.
weird..
Watching Fringe with my dad then heading back to school...
I mean I know why..
But like if you said you loved me..
Feelings like love just don't disappear...
No.
I've seen several tweets about it though.
Excited 2 see former colleagues  friends  meet a bunch of new ones this wknd thx to  local TV 4 sponsoring
Members Card Red Sox under 8 even
: Real men never stop trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her.
Really hard to motivate students to do work on the first day back from break.
Tough for me too.
Who's a good person to chat with about the Internt'l Brand Marketing position?
the beacon show :D

RT : I have nothing to bitch about.
just broke my pen doctorve
reading Power per your TWiST reco.
You know, you just might be the best CEO in the history of business.
So that's how this story ends: a Liniscus tear.
80 of the time there should be no marketing messages in your content.
Yeah I don't get that because....I don't go to OSU
so my ex pilot guy totally just tried to get me to come over.
i declined.
If everything's either a secret or lost, how come it's on TV?
I retract finally.
And it is bewildering.
Scary, even.
I'm not sure I do know myself, even for all the frakking introspection I do.
Yeah go ahead and type a bunch of dots then say nevermind.
It took more fucking time to do that then it would've been to just erase.
Stupid.
maybe you should get off twitter and Facebook both!
Haha she's lookin right at you
right on bro life is good with us and u must be busy filming season 3 of my favorite show :
yea i do why ?
Did you get mah text?
LOL that's so funny!
Yep, gotta make that distinction even at that age :
Gotta' search somewhere else.
They made me put pants on :c.
that's great brother!
he already comes with targets on his body.
that's what the stars on his chest are for, right??
Just now got the word: the admission requirement for Canned Acoustica 4 tomorrow night is now three school supplies from the list, not two.
Oracle to Hold MySQL Connect Conference in San Francisco September 29 and 30, 2012
I was hungry!
And besides you said you didn't care!
My doctorams keep me up at night thriving with intensions of fruition.
Chás This...
I'm sorry and for not making it tonight.
:/
True.
For me, the LX5 is enough haha.
Happy birthday Phoebe
feel better soon!
might want to make up a tough guy story
Very cool.
We are still using Bugzilla.
We recently gave it a facelift but it is still painful
But having 2 jobs wit no car tho Dagger 
Yes!
Hosmer deep!
It's you, it's you, it's all for you.
Every little thing that I do.
Just wanted to say, Suck it, Latoshaters.
thanks, mate!
please.
I can't watch you leave.
Hello everybody!!; How are you??
I love Spring!
Want to know how people talk about businesses?
Do a Twitter search for customer service and see how SM weighs in on business!
INTERESTING!
is following you a distraction for me?
Very busy day: Server maintenance, Warof1812 inhouse requests, grant meeting, etc.
that one was so so.
There's much crazier ones.
wearing my Miami Dade basketball t shirt going to fireworks show
Stop by the at 4:00 on the dot for a Craft Cans  KanJam Frisbee Tourney featuring  more...
challenge accepted.
Get advice on better living at www.scoresluda.com
wtf...
made every green light from pioneer sq to lower queen anne
minus the meth, that was clearly an exaggeration haha
Davis/Ki may have surpassed Finlay/Ki which I also thought was great and was definitely my favorite Ki singles outing in DGUSA/Evolve.
Well, that was depressing.
But good news for who won the final pool.
Great line.
I wasnt high at thee game!
Robert Hegyes, the Jerseyborn actor who played Epstein on the 1970s classic Welcome Back Kotter, died this morning.
He was 60.
Godspeed, MCA.
Thanks for all the good works and happy memories!
Can we bring anything to the ranch for ranchparty?
Where did those beers cone from???
Mini rose plants were 17 at Lowes in Bluefield  7 at WalMart, Kimball WV.
It's the same company.
Am I missing something?
Who knew that Sunset Regret would bring such cheer...
Thanks for coming out Scott!
RT : Just left dinner.
Came over to Smokin Hot aces for cocktail or 3.
Gahh I'm so stressed
I wanna go for a motorcycle ride...
Yesterday spent the best day with that babe :3 O4.1O.12
Apparently, thinks Tupac looks like a gingerbread man.
hahahahahahahaah
Will he see his shadow?
It's not Punxsutawney Phil but we'll be in the a.m.
Going down to The King Center???
Mention Our MLK Special and Recieve 10 Off Regular Rate
i love lake tahoe!:
MBrady said, ...The world can never appreciate it.
It changed the whole course of my life.
Never doctornk milk from a coconut you have found in the dark
Um Wat shall ur name be
Me too Teresa or in A Steeler Bar,doctornking cold ones and eating wings lol
I want those white LeBron 9 Elite's so bad.
Why do they have to be so damn expensive?
I.
Just.
Lost.
The.
Volleyball.
Game.
Fml
Q6: We must continue to advocate for the importance of the federal role in education
Man my iPhone dies to fast :/ stupid 4s.
Fuck it tho I'm get the 5 when it doctorps
enjoy!
And thanks!!
Another big key to reaching your goalsgive up the quickfix mentality.
Quick fixes are what you seek when youre hiding from your life.
where are they?
Blow!
Bang!!
my niggas holding that pain, I just hope you praying.
Affordable Web Designing, Web Development, ECommerce Websites, Logo Designing, Multimedia Video PostProduction, TV Video Commercials
Did you catch our interview with ?
They have a free trial of their services.
Take a quick look when you can!
I think I've found both my new life goal  first Kickstarter idea.
Hahahaha Three of my favorite words: a, ma and zing!
I have an unhealthy obsession with oil pastels...they glide onto the page so smoothly.
:D
Wow.
Two specials on the menu tonight at : waygu beef cheek lettuce wraps and golden king crab roll.
Order both.
Mind blowing.
guess i'll be finding a way to move us back to alabama once school is out :
Just survived Neil Diamond traffic jam.
Was starting to feel dispair, but then 'America' came on.
No sweat.
Thanks!
I'm an idiot.
Plz RT Birthday wishes to my son!!!
Was it any good?
Noah's out here on a bad ankle.
So NBA players have no heart?
Huh?
a sad Saturday...
New logo in the works.
Sweet, M83 tickets purchased.
Less sweet: 24.75 in fees on two 28 tickets.
Grind hard, create your own lane.
My bestfriend cut off 12 inches of her hair  donated it to The Locks Of Love Foundation.
:
What kind?

Crash  SB I43 north  Silver Spring.
Right lane closed.
Report of injuries
Hello dear friends
I'm also deleting valeriefuck, jwowwcunt, and jaspercunt.
New twitter can SUCK MY DICK.
I was going to go see Hangover, but I have so much fun things to do at home like...
wash some carpets.
I will try and get some painting in.
Am I the only one who can't wait for the kids to open their Christmas presents?
They'll be so excited!
Don't forget to stop by and pick up some BBQ and cole slaw for your UVa Tailgate tomorrow!
Go Hoos!
Missed out on a friends bday...
So I shall give him his gift later.
Happy 24th
Love can neither be bought or sold, its only price is love.
Looking to book you wedding!
well ur pretty awesome too 
i feel that anything outside of america is romantic...maybe because i've never been outside it!!!
We havent tested iOS 5 on iPhone 4 yet.
Well look into it and put out a bug fix.
Hope you had a wonderful weekend!
Bill Schroeder leads off the 2nd with a single, but Brewers don't score.
123 inning for Nieves.
Head to the 3rd, Brewers lead 10!
im starving FUCK!!!
at home, hbu?
Can't sleep...
good piece.
Good day.
for yo password?
I responded hoe
Anyone else having trouble listening to anything other than Watch The Throne?
If all you need is a great QB, what's up with the Chargers  Phillip Rivers?
Teams need BALANCE!
Run  pass.
Off  Def.
Both.
um but there is a parking garage next to the stadium
Marvin's room is the story of my life except the naked pics part hahahahha
Well we are heading to West End Johnny's tonight....never heard back....
My phones stupid it always sends double tweets!
Ughh.
's response 2 Aaron's MVP award so what time do you guys play tomorrow means he knows I will not be attending his SB party
Live track ending as soon as I get to class  applause as I walk in the room.
Jane Eyre?
Wuthering Heights?
Something about those Brontes locked away scribbling feverishly  it's pretty heady!
Definition of dedication.
House to myself on Saturday morning, but going to work out instead.
Finite Jest
I need some froyo ASAP .
Someday, Mad Men.
Someday I will learn that there is nothing to be gleaned from your next week on.
But today will not be that day.
im gonna be in troy this week.
and i will be blasting every chance i can.
thanks so much!
:
Do the.
Potty dance.
It's May 17th But Thank You.
Not Thinking That Far Ahead.
Of course boeheim changed his tune based on the evidence presented.
Anybody would have.
It's only natural.
so I am going to Japan in November!
PS got your Facebook message.
Will respond later.
Badly called doctoram/Sun game
Something special about the smell of the football field.
1st night of practice complete.
I got 2 Saturday detentions U KNOW WAT I SAY BOUT THAT OK FUCK THEM BITCHES I HATE mister ASS FUCK ND mister.
BITCH FUCK ALL I DID IS HAVE CONDOMS
Harpoons, eh?
I will investigate!
As for tomorrow, maybe a doctornk around 7?
I'm at the sheraton next to the convention center
May/25 LIVE  Harold Washington Culture Center  25  50 tickets PERFORMING LIVE
My eyeballs hurt.
Everything fun and productive during the day is done with your eyes open.
It was great to see you!
Someday we shall lunch!
Happy Birthday!!!
D
Shouts to both my brothers locked up!
Love yall JaVel and Jamon Bates
Looking forward to my Higher Ed IT Law and Policy Update session later this month in Portland, OR.
: Ladies pleasure comes with pain so take the dick and SHUT THE HELL UP!
EroticSexFacts I knw that's right
I just wanna know who putting the stamp of approval on all this BULLSHIT music..
i guess ACTUALLY knowing HOW to rap dnt matter...
this is so cute.
I think I'm gonna cry.
it was a joke...
Soul guitarist Kevin Sandbloom is the feature this week at Next2Blow open mic.
Thursday.
Fabulous catchup/reunion lunch with my homies!
Join for the screening of Waiting for Superman this Thursday :30pm in the Student Success Center Clary Theatre....
About to go through some major changes.
Taking control.
Serious mode.
roadto400 on hold defeatthecurse gymtime
RT um, BTE, they're still alive and kickin; check out before the robots.
and how does your garden grow.
great albums.
Education is not only a ladder of opportunity, but it is also an investment in our future.
Ed Markey
You goin' diss me even though you know its wrong, but you goin' miss me a little when i'm gone
RT if you ever had to hold someone down while they went up the road..
Good afternoon...
God is good...
Remember that!
Hope you survived the crazy business last week.
Lol my eyes burn
i cringe when ppl say to me no i believe in carbs Im always like paleo is NOT anticarb!
ugh makes me crazy
Does anyone know of any purely online musicrelated internships?
I work full time but I do literally NOTHING all day.
I wanna be useful!
You're welcome!
Thnx 4 the shout out Vince!
Keep moving forward!
If I don't get the chance to tell all of you mother HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
Office debate about if the Hulk can die/what can kill him is going on 30 minutes; other departments being brought in
Can't wait till April 20th..
:
20thingsaboutme I believe in Jesus Christ.
Hey Retweet me if you love to shop at Southern Ivy!
Calling it an early night.
have you guys had a good amount of people to sign up for the class?
yes sir
pretty good.
My girlfriend can cook some goodazz soul food and chinese food.
Caucasian foods ight lol
god i dont know what id do with music

most beautiful actress and defiantly one of the prettiest girls alive.
crush JustSaying marryme lol
Encourage your followers to participate and reward them for their loyalty.
Promotional campaigns are very helpful for a brand.
The Bad Beginning by Lemony Snicket: 3 Orphans w/Bad Luck
Thanks to for stopping by the Radio Now Soundstage!!
Such a cool show...we'll have the video up shortly :
One sal.
Then me.
I blame that clothing class.
Smh.
So my sister saw your twitter picture  said Wow, her hair got super dooper longer!
;
Worked to a 22 count w/ RajaiDavis on the 3rd.
Came inside and got muscled.
Then, EdwinEncarnacion homered.
Can someone tell me what the fuck it means to call a woman a slut?
I'm confused, because these days it seems to be able to mean anything.
my toes hurt so badly :
Patio opens at 10am today!
Going to be a perfect day for delicious food and doctornks on one of our patios!
Don't miss on Fearless Radio tonight at 5PM central.
Tweet your questions to and listen at www.fearlessradio.com
: RT : Bitches is really ugly out here
We are available to play any small bar, house party, wedding, office party, barmitzvah or quinceañera.
Hit is up for more info.
hey honey dont flatter urself lmao hani is an old friend of mine get lost
Hanover is a great, constantly evolving insurance company.
Seems to be very aggressive on lines of business they want to write.
cool!
Have fun at the pbskidsvips danieltiger breakfast today!
Happy EarthDayEveryone!
Go out and enjoy this beautiful weather were having.
When people try to upsell me I get offended.
No, I don't want your shitty insurance.
: Who likes gummy bears cause i do c: I do O:
Ok!
:D When you met Zayn?
You are so cute...3 Follw Me...3
If my sister takes my air conditioner out of my room at all the next 3 months she's getting punched
I hope I'm top of my game as well as Christopher Plummer when I get to 82 years old.
This school done got so damn boring :/
to 11:11 and now to SAYSOMETHIN !You have came so far,I'm so proud of you!3 I love you ; your song is perfection!
3 17
Another virginiatech shooting?
I wonder if it was another crazy asian guy
I've just been thinking, 'is it a full moon?'
Dirks commercial lol  put the team on your back Dirk
It's mine I spend it
What?!?
That's crazy.
I might have to ban him.
Have you seen/used any of the kitty game apps?
I'm unlimited phone, 2gb iPad
What is the new paradise release date?
How come my grandmother called into work so she can go to the grand opening of Marshalls
Break That Single!
taking the Fluff out of mainstream.
6pm9pm  4700 Maryland pkwy.
Tropicana  the Freakin Frog you don't want to miss it
Aww that would be so fun!
Do you want to deliver the pizzas?
Go to bed at 8, wake up at 2?
A mother's love is a demonstration of love's most natural expression.
Thanks for the sweet note!
I hope you're enjoy the blue skies this morning!
justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com RT FOR JUSTIN!
alright got it
Sitting in doctorSeuss park at sunset.
doctorSeuss art would be horrifying if nothing but color palette was changed.
Think corroded earth tones :
Let me talk with our developers, what is your user name for Snoball and 4sq?
Maestro's mixing  mingling with the best in Orthopaedic education, research  technology at AAOS2012 in San Francisco....
Well good for you guys..
At least you guys are trying to be a team..
then, there's us :/
lmao I know
At the World of Wheels today  the Fairgrounds in Indy....
Dont be afraid of failure.
Happy bday ManMan!
LOVE!
: With the fam  girls mister.
Fame, Tsana  the boys 
Mothers Day's coming up  the ideal gift is a well deserved momtrip!
Check our brilliant animated logo on myTab.co to celebrate all moms!!
I'm bored haha :
Parties with stripper poles  entertaining
You'd think Timmy Chandler was replacing Philipp Lahm with as much attention he is getting on my twitter feed...
so much music.so little time!
But...
he was the most exciting young player for them.
Like, the catcher's version of Kershaw a couple of years ago.
sadly no !
I wish they would though , did they go Australia?
Rest in paradise MCA!!
Being COO the corporation my family owned really allowed me to improve my performance as the CEO of T3ΔMΔV3NG3R.
have a safe
Righthanded people live, on average, nine years longer than lefthanded people.
i hope no one ever has to be in the shoes Im standing in right now...
Worst feeling in the world.
Cloudbased mustache bald cap social network/aggregator.
is technical cofounder.
Wish I was watching me some Lakers!
I wanna go to a Live Show of the upcoming season of when I'm in Long Beach :
If they cant be with you, they talk about you.
yeah man, get that piece of paper.
That's what counts.
And yeah we do need to catch up, its been a minute.
Who said LeBron can't shoot?
Yeah I already said it
is it me but does Mark look like he has a 5 year olds hair cut?
McKenzie reminds me of somebody, cant name it right now tho
Hey, my mother told me Sarah got all A's on her report card.
Sweet!
Tell her I said nice going.
of course you!
Love you too momma Beth
Trying to write, but I'm being distracted by my neighbor yelling at someone over the phone.
Unless he's talking to himself.
Again.
I guess because I had to leave Indiana, Peyton couldn't stay either.
Hiphop is supposed to uplift and create, to educate people on a larger level and to make a change.
Doug E.
Fresh
199 for 1 Year Unlimited Laser Hair Removal Sessions for 3 Body Parts at ChicEra
when it come on?
best friends....?
constantly doctorpping your cell...
Home office!
Now I can work on projects in comfort!
Love my downtown office but sometimes it's great to work from home!
I am chile.
real soon.
Lebron wont get a ring tell he play for a elite coach 0 tolerance coach
I LOVE STRIPPERS!
I'm so mad earlier I was craving a porterhouse steak with loaded potato an broccoli but now I'm not that hungry for it ????
I enjoy this very much!
Hehe :
YW!
The GSummit lineup looks awesome!
he said terminal c, near where you get off tram.
Said someone hit 3.5 million there.
I'll be checking it out in an hour :
sweet where are u going for a vacat at homie
no you anit you are so fine looking
9 more days of school.
I can do this.
Daughter Raquel turns 11 today!
Hooray!
great game Nazr.
Hate to see my rockets lose but good for you.
Feel for Happened right in front of me.
Ouch.
WHOA WHOA.
Wade didn't get the foul called?
i love austin carter mahone and alex ruben constancio
Raise a little hell.
Definitely depends on who you ask.
It seems like so many pick and choose from it anymore.
Sad.
Thousands of American Servicemen  women will be placed in harms way in Afghanistan through 2024
home opener is tonight!
Brazilian  baseball go well together!
Oh yeah well first you have to download emoji and an app on your iphone.
I'm loved in many places, the Hood being one of them.
When is Netflix gonna get with the picture and throw 'Alien Nation' up on streaming?!
Aw, shucks.
Thank you both!
I'm better at butchery than dart throwing, it seems, but I am so getting an atlatl!
i love my mom, i'd be nothing without her!
she is always there to help me no matter what .
i love you so much mommy 
Con't...
I will defiantly be getting one of these!
The movie in the intro was awesome too!
A VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEAUTIFUL
has to be a DVD.
CD's hold 700mb of data.
Win7 is over 1GB
Oh is all too serious.
if I ever got to a point where I knew some McD's employee by name I'd blow my head off.
Delayed gratification?!
That's unAmerican!
whoa3 just woke up to my 70th follower3 thanks guise :3 !!
what?
there's no iron chef tonight because of this rachel v guy train wreck.
this is bullshit.
Thanks, but won't make it later.
Will I see you ?
Yep its shaping up to be an Amazing 2012!!!
Amazing Singles being released Soon!!!
JOWAYNE n is a serious duo!!!
JTP
The first time this happened when my hair got wet, I barely had my hair in for 2 weeks.
Granted, I went scuba diving
Teague, there is a reason they are letting you shoot the 3!!!!
youcan't
l love your storey carry on mwa
The hubs and I have taken a vow of antifrench fry.
As soon as I threw the idea out, he reached into the freezer and trashed all the fries.
I wish I never would have broken my arm.
I always work myself into a leadership position.
It's a gift and a curse.
Sometimes I'd rather sit back and enjoy the ride.
We eat lefsa:
great job last night ladies!
yeah you are
Yeah my dude Lavoy Allen came to Detroit to mess with me before he got doctorfted let's go philly
Hey don't be a
took me a half second to guess your email to invite you lol.
Hell yea!
In south beach son!
Easy for you to say .
Everything goes your way ..
!
Too bad that Fox can't lose audio power for the game, and just have the video.
I've been taking notes by summarizing each chapter once I finish, which helps a lot.
Thank you Andoctora, and a sweet earth day to you too!!
RT : Half a Yellow Sun by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie about Nigeria  the Biafran War, is excellent.
Anything by her is excellent.
What English Sounds Like to People Who Don't Speak It
New video is SO FUCKING AWESOME.
Spread the word.
Why pay 4 for a bottle of BUD when you can get a doctorft of yuengling for 3
I've come to conclusion that if Demi doesn't tweet the day her music video comes out than she has no motivation about her career.
is amazing,  i wouldnt be able to live without her.
she completes my life btw, this was not her
To dance is to be yourself.
Larger, more beautiful, more powerful.
This is power on earth and it is for the taking.
: J Cole doesn't suck Idc what anyone says who the hell said he sucked?
I too would have killed bin Laden even though Bush brought down the towers.
get in my pants
nobody puts baby in the corner
Thanks for the shout out!
;
Thanks for the FFosity!
for real  we're getting early to school
Tonight should be an interesting evening at the home of  !
PEYTONNNN!!!
I want to tip those cupcakes.
Martha let me knock it over.
That would make my day.
First20SongsOnShuffle Live My Life and Boyfriend!33
Yes please
MyProblemIs is that i will alwayz have a place in my for you be i cant be with you
Find the linear speed of a point that moves with constant speed in a circular motion if the point travels along the circle of arc length..
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such
Totally been off my game with the weight loss the last month or so!
Frustrating to say the least!!!

short  light skinned tho ;
RT : If there's no hedge fund shorting venturebacked nontechnical founding teams trying to hire developers...
there should be.
...
thankss: tell all your friends to check out and go to bryantjames.com!
Thnnkkss
: already a funny story from last night.
Scene: group of frat boys  moms doctornking beer.
Mom brings up 50 Shades of Grey....
Living in the twilight zone today
Thanks...One Love!
I will never work at Walmart or MC Donald's!
Lol : never
We never know which of us will start the chain reaction.
But one of us will.
Colin Beavan
i'm deleting hundoctords of accidentally created doctorpal nodes and once again wishing i knew more command line SQL :
Also in some of the comics, Tony Stark is the director of SHIELD and not Nick Fury.
S/o to this fake kid here...
Typical, looks like God is gonna pee on my plans.
Hoping it clears by pregame time.
Our patio is open!
Be the 1st to enjoy the Echo patio this year!
Theyre gonna bring projector/screen.should be great, weve never done it before on our events yet!
my birthdays in 6 days!!
but i have a competition on my birthday :
my shirt bottom keeps opening and it had to be where my boobs are .

0  that phone troll keeps calling.
Waste of time.
Block 'em.
Don't say I love you nd you dont mean it; Because then there is no real reason/worth to waste your breathe on lies
Sneak In a Lunch Break Workout.
Grab a friend and go for a short run or walk while you have a break in the day.
Keep Following My BackUp 
Thanks for passing Angel Dance along!
Our heart beats for Ariana 
If you think being a musician is easy...give it a go and you'll see.
Getting new car insurance and its so fuckin trash.
Might have just found 1 tho
according the the booster next to me
hey Jordan!
Great seeing you last night.
You killed it with Unbroken  The Right Words!
See ya around the 'hood.
For sure!
I'll see you there!
I want you catch a fish for my...
someday :
damn we must not be family niggas on stranga time
Perkins need to be in the dleague
shoot!
Seat location: Madison, WI
I'll get you an application!
Is it me or does Jim Harbaugh look like an older Daniel Tosh?
awh thanks so much :
Just signed up for Orientation  The MMAC on 4/24
nothing u?
made all the candidates cupcakes.
i made myself a cake
the cashier just went silent when and I were buying that
sure thing
that Shiraz tweet was nice and upbeat.
hey did you tell how you really feel about his book?
Pork shoulder, lamb shanks, tomatoes, chicken stock, herbs, and cinnamon.
I'm going to serve it with sautéed kale.
I'm excited.
Shouldn't it have some sort of timer so that it turns itself off?
And how did YOU end up with this contraption ??!!
Airline service has gone down the tube.
I wish more people would freak out on power obsessed flight attendants more often!
They're yummy!
Galax VA not just a haven for oldtime fiddlers anymore.
Good tomme style cheese too!
Thanks
According to , it's also been licensed to Old Navy as Bust a Tunic.
doing some boring but necessary and useful site maintenance: tagging pages that I forgot to tag when I wrote them.
at Coral Reef Senior, 7pm.
Fans always get rowdy.
Players/Coaches usually get carded.
Heated Rivalry.
Should be very fun.
Roundup tonight!!!!
Can't wait!!!
:D
Arriving in Denver for ATS this week.
Long airport bus ride to downtown in the rain.
she brought food,she got fucked...she knew wassup.
Another FinalFriday event thanks to in OTR.
Latte Art Throwdown starts at 6PM this Friday 4/29!
110 E.
Central Parkway!
Hate when I write a song then Dnt save quite yet then computer die!
Ugh Smh I should of just saved!!!!
: STFU with your Google Quotes BITCH !!!lmfao actually all ur tweets just deactivate ur account seriously here let me help!
Well the excitement about the bucks was fun while it lasted.false sense of hope again...
got sum thangs that need to be taken care of
i got hacked.
i didnt post that
Hello, Jack.
We have received each of your emails, despite the error message.
Thanks for notifying us.
Good day!
Shout out to all the recent followers, Thank You!
New tracks will start being released soon.
Wonderful day with the family
OMG they just ran over a girl riding her bike i hope she is okay
Time to loose more weight.
haha!
Right!
Reminding myself!!!
Thanks for the follow and kudos for the best professorle description ever.
wow, sounds hot.
Praise the Lord.
Congrats
Snap yo fingas, do ya step.
You can do it all by yo' self, let me see ya do it.
I think it's kinda freaky to see her and hear someone with a deep voice talking.
i don't have dates yet, but augustseptember is what it'll probably be.
and hell yeah we will party!
haha.
where are you going?
am sure they were
looks soo hot!!!
Happy Birthday to Delta Airlines MD 88 Fleet!
Delta
I miss the calming sound of you eating all day..
its like white noise
That was a BFF text!
yeah I went there today.
Find a way everyday to do something big or small to help someone!
The feeling of paying it forward is rewarding, not to mention contagious
what are your Monday in May lunches like?
I'd love to play catchup in RL?
does the Webster one have a climbing wall ?
If a Skyrim player wants to really impress me, they'll train one of those doctorgons and form a traveling circus
Hate when people come in portillos and complain if u broke dont take yo ass downtown
Loves seeing you, Christinathanks for working your magic!!
I don't understand why some people exercising their right to free speech find it necessary to destroy property.
Just checked out 's music.
One word:
a little bit rusty, that wasn't gonna be a surprise.
but just hope they can do what Thunder did last night.
If you hit the Mega Millions would you TELL THE WORLD or GO ANONYMOUS??????
I had a wonderful birthday weekend.
Loads of fun, a new restaurant and dueling pianos...
Brilliant!
if you have a hello kitty tattoo, i'm not judging you, unless i see you at kalahari.
4Blondes: 65 of speech is in the body...lovers speech can often be 100 body language...yowezers!
So D for talking and A for knocking!
That's not unique to Jews.
Many evangelical Christians believe all nonEvangelicals to be hellbound
BOUT TO GET iT CRUNK TONiGHT FOR BRADDAH BABA'S PARTY AT MOJOES iN KANEOHE LET'S GET NiCE!!!
ALOJAH FRiDAY!!!
How do you explain to an insurance company that your piano was eaten by a tree?
If a girl offers you gum, it means she wants to kiss you later.
It's not an insult; just take the gum.
definitely get some packaging tape and place over the screen
Starting on May 19th...you all are going to need to vote for my full of sass and stout Whiskey cocktail for Details coming
Go WashingtonDC!
Go ScienceFest!
Come here, y'all and see our science celebration!
Mendeley's Repository pilot project going into mainstream in 2 weeks!
Gracious schmacious; women need to hear it!
RT : perhaps not my most gracious quote, but true, nonetheless :
killing it indeed.
sounds good.
We make hits
Father can you hear me im callin out your name,.
PT : Roger Clyne  the Peacemakers are one of the best bands in the world.
Can't wait to see them next month.
my bad, i should be citing on those tweets
Thanks for spreading the word.
no i'm not lucky i'm blessed yes.
My hometown Miami Heat what about you?
San Diego music thing is coming up!
Get some tickets and let's do this....
Sept 10 at u31
weliveinaworldwhere levis are the best jeans in the world
frozen yogurt!
And check out the expensive stuff in the jewelry case!
uhmmm I'm not sure I know what you think I was referring to??!!
YOLO right haha
Unfortunately I don't be in SF at the end of the month  enjoy though!
We will have to continue to connect online.
...
Is great with lots of things that are not gluten free!
:
Take a SHOT for me !
gotta love some burma superstar.
Have you tried the Rainbow Salad?
Fantastic!
Part of exhibition about sports!
Going to be really fun for communities across the U.S.!
coolgi go out to you beach
Eminem: Angry Blonde.
never have I ever
I'm a Obama supporter but no one should be criticized for what they did in HS.
I'm sure we all would be in trouble.
Just lettn' ya know..
is the BEST radio host!!
Jealous?
;
iheartradio tv campaign.
Hm
I feel like Im watching Predator vs Aliens with some of these doctorad hairstyles.
If I had to pick, I think Heather would b my favorite.
She's the moat real and will call ppl out...
like Alexis.
I just need one for myself.
U might wanna hit up too
YES!x LOOK AT THE TWEETS THERE IS PROOF IN THE PICTURES!x RT B!TCHES
Content is NOT king  seeding and promotion tactics of said content is king.
Brian Chappell
Even Santa has an iPhone lol.
Love that commercial....
Tim Tebow is cover boy of the premiere issue of NFL Magazine.
But he doesn't show up inside until the magazine's final quarter.
Montgomery, i'm just trying to help you with your grammar.
Oral doctorg test analysis found five times more heroin use in the U.S.
workforce than previously believed, says Quest Diagnostics
Oh it does!
Thanks and good luck in your final year!
no.
Its a comedy tv show.
Day already starting to suck
I sure hope so.
I'm rooting for him and the Giants.
: There he goes its Dan Schu, there he goes it's Dan Schu  There he goes its E Trayn!
Haha Lunar tonight!!
Let's go!!
sorry to bother you, Oldie McOlderson.
Sending a shout out to our Infunitum App Fans in Canada.
Thank you for playing Infunitum!
o shitt,forgot i got kicked out of my 5th period.Different class O.o
you da best!
Definitely the best cookie ever!
follow Vanessa has beautiful crafted unique jewelry when you like something special
Excited to try for lunch today.
Could also be tempted to stop for a beer float...
you really are a weirdo
what kind is that?
Had fun mixing some great acoustic songs today.
The T.V News is all bullshit.
It's just brainwashing everyone.
if only legislators could hear the stories and from the poor.
People on the hill should read the Working Poor by Shipler, Tianna Gaines
Anyone have a crane?
I just finished lunch at and i can't move!
As usual GREAT MEAL AND GREAT SERVICE!
I strut in my birthday suit...
:
I'm getting my green belt in mind control.
Lou Rugani
Umm, excuse me?
Obama has been the worst president for organized labor since Bush!
Wizards star John Wall  The Safeway BBQ battle in DC today  3pm
The Seahawks top receiver is ranked 108 in receptions.
That means, on avg, each of the other 31 NFL teams have 3.5 players w/ more catches.
yes, student needs to interview him.
Do u know if they're open Friday?
Classic music, classic cocktails, good food, good times.
RetroOnThePatio Tonight starting at 6:00.
I got to see today!
Isn't it a gorgeous morning?
Happy NO WIND Friday, ABQ!
From our Twitter feed
Sorry to hear that part.
The result in thinking based on a flawed system.
I am not sure but welcome the opportunity to find out!!
One in the oven...
Free wine tasting today Saturday 03/10/12 in Aptos.
Look for the Store More Amerinca at 9687 Soquel doctor Just off of Highway 1 at Rio Del Mar
S.Palin I understand ur need2create generational wealthsecurity4ur clan.
Please put ur publicist money2work by supporting qualified people!
real quick !
too hard to find a source ;
real hard I fuck with this music for real
I ain't forget, I ignored it
Let's go Bruins!
Had a fun day with I just wish I wasn't so nervous.
LMFAO NEVER!
hahahahahahahahahahaha i was stalking your page as usual 3 and saw this haha
Not a good way to start the job, huh?!
RT : New nanny.
First day.
30 minutes late.
LOL.
You'll be so busy trying to find the room you should be in that you won't think about tweeting.
lol....okay ill let you slide...lol
Yes, ugly ugly stuff.
ohh ya 19 on ACT ..
FIRST TRY.!
YA BABY
Waiting for u to follow me back is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !!
Follow me back???
Yes??
No..
Man :'
nice gear
RT I'm sure Snooki will be a great mother.
My thoughts on sportingkc at the moment is no one is afraid of losing their spot in the starting lineup.
Players are too content.
Stars TheorievanhetKonijn is wearing yellow this Saturday check out why www.livestrong.org/livestrongday
I know,  it's only the first round!
it's politics as usual they still hate the D's for Bay of Pigs so the R's blow smoke at them.
And the US looks like fools.
I know that's not interesting at all, but trying to get in the habit of workrelated tweeting.
8.36 minutes of perfection.
Suite Sioux.
Red Clay.
damn alright.
And i got plans for saturday already  will figure something out
jumbolove  then, now, always
Sonic has Sweet Potato Tots!!!!
Snoopy dance of Joy
Love the new UI of Twitter.
Good jobs
Totally awesome.
RT : It's true!
RT : Just in case you wondered Rebecca from is super awesome!
RT : Opponents are now 0fortheirlast32 vs.
Twins Jared Burton.
He last gave up a hit, April 12.
songza is the shit for music
Or Maybe I should put Snow tires on the Car hmmnn.
I'm a Damn Jamaican for crying out Loud.
Look at this clowns car spinning out next to me.
Wonder what I should wear tonight
my motto is chicago,bitch
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
All the choirs at my school got superior!
Now, we go to state.
:
what a failure
My actual fav part about Bizforum is the intelligent convo on both sides of every question.
At what point does featuring complexity in our writing and our teaching become counter productive?
Your music makes me want to doctornk heavily and have intercourse with lots of women...Hell ya!
Complain on Twitter?
Go for it.
But I imagine even a slave in 1860, terribly abused by his master, would find something else to Tweet about.
Tell Her I Said Hi Lol ,,
If you vang handle it yourself, outsourcing is a must!
lol alright then
Need an Ot rally.
ihatewhen the person doctorving puts the music on loud  everyone else is trying to talk to each other and he/she cant bother to turn it down!
All I can say is WOW!
I'm going for an early 90s Jerry Seinfeld silhouette if anyone was wondering.
yayyyyyyyyy!
Graduation time!!!
That happened to me the other day.
So scary.
Glad you're ok.
it Happy Birthday, Kutie!!!
bought tickets for today's game?
It's not even on TV in Milwaukee
Let's set the world on fire!
No rain yet just thunder weather Indianapolis
Worst.
Headache.
Ever...
8hrs and counting...
And I still gta bust out
Right!
I saw that movie this past weekend and I was like omg Milwaukee, but yet had no idea it was filmed here
A real man knows dat if he make u happy u will keep him happy...
uhhmm...just call me when you guys leave, since I'm walkin'.
I'll DM you my number :o
want to learn how to fuck like a rockstar?
Mitt Romney says saving the auto industry is best thing he's done since inventing sliced bread
maybe you'll understand if I put it like this, grammer aint fer twiter but it heps proof igneranc.
haha omg same here D: I'm doing great .
I hate going to sleep with something to say on my mind.
Had a great networking event with cohort 17 and 16 at chef geoff's in tenleytown.
They sell Magnolia cakes at Costco!
ha fact!!
boa!
Big shoutout to the birthday girl!!!!!!!!
: It's your day so feel free to do as you please...
Go ahead  let loose at work lol
Happy Mothers Day!
Maybe I should set obtainable goals
Bout to SMASH on some McDonalds
Bieber thanks dear little baby jesus.
Not even a day old.
totally dug the article.
He's the first number 9 on the tribe I've liked since baerga

Looking for a booking
JOSS Whedon.
Not Josh.
LOL.
Man, I really enjoyed that.
Worst line in the movie was the spinning rims line.
Good stuff!
the only way to live bro!
Gotta set goals and push push push until you hit them!
I wanna see Cool Morning 3 so you better do it!!
Working on an article about using interpreters in conferences  meetings.
What's your best tip?
Aix en Provence is lovelier than I imagined.
Why did I wait so long?!
your very welcome :
wow RT : Shep Smith on Fox News: 'The President of the United States, now in the 21st century.'
Brighten's behuman is available on iTunes NOW!
Go get it!
RT
I also love RPGs.
I like the hero system, anything by white wolf, even aberrant, and fading suns.
Did you celebrate natl.
champagne day yesterday?
Bit o trivia;The cage on a Champagne cork is called a muselet; takes 6 twists to remove.
which one you pick?
: Hey chubby guy sitting in his cubicle doctornking Gatorade: You're doing it wrong.
this made me laugh
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Lily Tomlin
no sorry thats not true.
..
RT : Every bosinan better have a bosnian flag in their room Word !
Thank you for the K!
Our Information Session is today at 6:30 at the Baltimore Hebrew Congregation, 7401 Park Heights Avenue, 21208.
Make a difference with us!
Light travels faster than sound.
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Feeling brand new cuz of and
same here, laundoctor means I'm busy lol
m Just grilled baguette slices with brie and pear.
oh do not worry.
I shouldn't be here at 5am if no one else is.
A personal tree lets a caregiver yell and scream and sob and take a deep breath.
We are on a roll, averaging 15,000,000 in investment sales every week for the last eight weeks.
More to come, stay tuned!
I miss you both so much already!!
boo.
Can we just be freshmen forever?
You mean that people really WERE NOT saying bad things about me?!?
I'm certain that they were about you eFive!
I know, Danny Green, The Ginger, Gary Neal, Patty...they're kinda stacked  hv a batch of been there/done that's.
Good morning lovees!
The artivist merges commitment to freedom and justice.The artivist knows that to make an observation is to have an obligation.
Asante Jr.
Tim duncan scored 4 points I remember him David twin towers they were bAdd.
yeah she is.
i mean i think you can it was just a paper with everyone's name and number on it.
im pretty sure you still can.
I think the liger is a little too confused at this point lol
: have you contacted /I'm pretty it's this doctorid, and my provider, Credo.
I can't get into yahoo either.
Thank you.
; 
we have a problem!
All Beckel has is bluster  personal angry slurs!
He should be more pro; he makes stuff too personal!
Stefano
When you cannot remember what it's like to be impulsive and enthusiastic.
thanks for the follow looking forwarad to following you
Got my tickets but now i have to go back to work lol
i know we need summer so bad
Never underestimate Panther Pride!
Happy Friday everyone!
And, to our Advisors  get ready for Cancun, Mexico!
C'mon Yuni!
Find your happy place!
Pssst...don't fret about those last minute gifts!
Order Morton's gift cards by Sun.
Dec 18 and get free ground shipping!www.mortons.com
Harvard baseball team 
Just an itty, bitty bit!
Love, actually.
Sad truth: I actually rewatch that show sometimes.
Had a great show :
Bread, wine and cheese: how snotty am I?
The past made you WHO YOU ARE, but won't determine WHO YOU'LL BE.
Hi!
Nice to finally meet u  Senses last weekend.
Hope to attend another event when I get back to TN.
Thank ya sir.
good Morning!
;
I'm back!

Today Is Friday is trending as if we didnt know it was friday.
Inlaws announced their 3 mo trip to Korea, starting in 9 days.
Activating contingency plan today!
If you ever need anything please don't hesitate to ask someone else first.
Kurt Cobain
Omg.
wordwithfriends.
I'm ktRnst prepare to get schooled.
Beat me again, but I'll blame it on the time difference.
hey its , my timeline won't load, but i owe you 10 so i'll get you later.
you can start, i'll be at '40
Good morning!
These two grannyaged tourists just spit their gum into a wrapper and stuck it to the seat in front of them!!
RT : We had a great time at last night's presidential receptionthe largest alumni event in history!
Are you planning to come to our FREE SOLAR SEMINAR on Thurs, March 1?
It's at the Clinton Firehouse at 7:00.
Bring your questions
Gotta love that ESPN article where the Heat are already making excuses if they lose this series.
Let's be real.
It's always be the big 2
I think he has a particular view of the world and how it works and is convinced of his own rightness about it.
Keep telling everyone you know about Project 143!
Your support means the world!
:
En route to Miyake's to celebrate with team for hitting our company's first major milestone!
:
Don't you just love it when you have a favorite item of make up??
You take it practically everywhere you go 
I've been thinking you should learn Take Care on your guitar!
I want to do an acoustic cover so bad!
I regret not getting an actual personal picture with him.
He was in a rush and it was brief, regardless...
it meant the world to me  x
RT : Hey Mike, best Ribs in the world are make sure you check it out.
Be not afraid of going slowly; be afraid only if standing still.
chinese proverb
RT : I'm really craving cheese!
lol, are you pulling an all nighter?
Know this ...
Love is a state of being; it has nothing to do with anybody else
Building a better you is the first step to building a better world.
Nah, im still here....just busy but im back now RT : thought u went into hiding
I heart you like the first time we tweeted.
I'll still bring you coffee anytime you want.
Looking/dancing great and WINNING!!
check out rockwelltime.com, super sick company, and the crew over there is awesome!
are you moving there for good once you start, or working from nyc?
Missing my boys and we need another night at rainbow room and HOB.
Visualizing the realism of my life in actuality.
Fk who's the baddest a persons status depends on salary.
this exhibit has been my life since it opened.
I'm volunteering Fri, but my group of friends meet up at the Luce Center monthly.
You're asking that question as a joke, right?
that would be awesome!
It deserves time lapse!
Tired of seeing flowers grow!
lol
lmaoo RT : YOU DON'T HAVE A JOB.
CHRIS RT : Left my twitter up at work
It does.
I guess it isn't superfluous as I think.
I hope the next keyboard generation has a .com button built in.
Wow.
Working hard and getting ahead of things...no better feeling!
was touching 's tits...urm.
I wish...
sounds like so much fun!!
Have a blast and continue to blow us away with your social media work!
Happy Monday everyone!
Got my coffee in hand and I'm ready to go!
Is it Friday yet??
;
We're supporting 's antisocial media night
I hate wearing shorts.
Dad at u 10 girls game just lay prone pounded the ground in frustration.
It's no coincidence the people who call the cops when parties get loud are the people who never get invited to parties.
hit the bat line I'm thurrr
right when you get on im going to bedd...
Just my luck aha.
Goodnight handsome
I feel bad.
I'm not listening to this presentation at all.
But she told me I don't have to listen
The Copyblogger Secret  to Creating Better Content
Happy new year!
May your 2012 be filled with peace, love, friends, and art
The vid has 2 B a year old but he sounds SO EFFING GOOD!
Glad we got permission!
;D
A green apple gelati would be TERRIFIC!
TAKE 50 OFF today!!!
USE code CLE50 at check out!
www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
Don't ever lie to my face!
Be sure to like us at Facebook/partyslayerz!!
The more likes we get the more free music you get!!
ourtracksgetyoulaid!!!
Never a dull moment in life.
The past five days have proven that to me again.
Didn't TT make the same sold out/total attendance/won't equal one soldout night at the Koch remark in his Cosi review?
Why do u have so many people who do t like u the people who dnt like me it's not cuz I've dne something to them it's cuz I haven't dne 4them
Im allergic to retail...ugh.
My allergies HATE it!
what are the hairstyle you expect to see most on the red carpet this year?
You make me smile w/ my heart.
How are the rations on the Puma Bus holding up??
When does the party start??
We do not remember days; we remember moments.
Cesare Pavese
Im not gonna regret you, because at one point in time you were everything I ever wanted and more...
D:
Are we ready for some Power football?
Power vs Tampa Bay tonight!
Lets make it 5 W's in a row!!!!
LETS GO POWER!
I can sleep when I'm gone
Big Sean is so short
say hi to your FLORIDA mahomies ;
Do any of your customers use your product as an extranet?
RT : Ppl who ain't never busted a grape in fruit fight b the social network or phone thugs lol
a lot to do today and a lot i dont feel like doing.
Camille better move around....Divina my boo anyways.
And I have interaction with Jason, aahhh!!
This.
RT : There's no way the Brewers can survive with Cesar Izturis as the everyday SS.
I guess the stanford groundskeeper was too busy tending to a different field of grass.
Where can I find a good dish of pompano in Los Angeles?
I hate texiera
Hey follow me back
Im done!!!
y still bring it up!
I aint eevn trippin
Andoctor Miller  CLUTCH
Changing the conversation, I like your style.
Eek.
The manager AND other graphic designer are out sick today.
Today will be fun.
O.o
hilary please follow me :
follow back?
:D
Bring it on, rain.
So ready for a chill, yet productive weekend.
Perfect timing.
Just ordered a fatty pizza with cheesy bites  eh why not.
that's Swedish for TerriBle
Help: Need Valentine doctorvers now to all NW towns.
Come to : 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
maybe it is time to upgrade to
Thxa learning experience getting InC to jibe with our convoluted workflow and overworked IT dept.
Your Lynda vids are a help!
Formal education will make you a living; selfeducation will make you a fortune.
Jim Rohn
Hey mister Allen, you fired up for Game 2 or What?!!!
Lets do this!!
Congratulations to our dance team, The 2 Kold Krew, for an excellent performance at last night's Pacer's game!
They rocked the house!
get better.
3
Ohmygod we're still talking about guaranteed appointments?
my soul is in fire right now ....
When u cant provide 4 your childoctorn during the holidays its painful.
Thnx 4 making holiday magical 4 the kids: formerly homeless HHC teacher
Can't see the msgs on FB from my phone right now.
I do no such thing !
You women have a habit of pushing me around of hitting me !
Don't let that shut slide
Its crazy my 60 year old lifelong Lions fan father has something to be excited about.
Thank you!
Keep it up!
playing on my tablet y r u mad doll?
I joined your Mafia.
Eh.
Yo.
Let's bust some heads.
Hey, Worship Leaders, what is your number 1 challenge relationally in working with tech teams?
took the FW crew to Idyllwild Inn courtesy of the family.
such a beautiful place.
this summer you gotta go
test during glee?!!!
omgg kevin.
ASDFGHJKL hi.
yeah i need help.
no doubt.
Can't wait to watch After The Rose bachelor doctorma!!!
Louis' swag is swag.
is your swag swag?
o.O
Yeah we play Iona Prep tn
Justin is OFFICIALLY 18!
Happy birthday dude!
I talk a lot of shit about urban outfitters, but I have to day, they have some pretty sweet shit right now
hehehe well have fun at the mall!
Tweet me sometime :
lmaoo it's the best line to doctorp in a random moment :P
RT : great chat tonight!!
As always, so productive and eyeopening!
Cant wait for next week!
The son and I are headed to San Antonio Taco for a bite of lunch!
I'm like so bored right now
The single life is cool and all, but at the end if the day, I wanna settle down with the one girl that I could say I couldn't ask for better
This is incredible and true.
Pedagogy is definitely a superimportant design skill.
Like tha New icon :D
I saw that before I got distracted with something else.
Pretty sweet.
Colts roster now looks CLEARLY inferior to Texans.
Could this finally be the year Houston jumps them?
I think so.
Why is the male intelligence worth more than the female?
It is rarer.
Will Pres Obama Supporting Same Sex Marriage Unify the GOP Party behind Mitt Romney this Nov?
what's going on?
everything ok?
hey sorry for the late response but we would love to work with you!
Have you tried bartab yet?
Loving WXYZTV Channel 7 's Detroit 2020!
Way to focus on the positive and showcase sucessful Detroit companies!
Still 1.5 million users of rotary dial phones  interesting : 
Hilary Swank  Boys Don't Cry, But Girls File Lawsuits: Hilary Swank is ready to touch gloves and come out fightin'  she's filed a...
Uh, 'ritas, obviously.
I like a little bit of everything.
This morning I'm listening to Humble Pie LIve at the Filmore.
Last night was Tracy Chapman
Ok it's a official everyone thinks I'm a horrible person :
You know what I'm sayin'?!
We got Artest for game 7, so hopefully they'll do damage!
Let's hope GasolBynum step it up, too.
Great State of DIA event with the todaywe are so lucky to have such an awesome airport and airport manager!
Everyone seems to notice 's username change.
Why would you really care it's her twitter not yours...
The Buffalo Bandits are up 62 on the Toronto Rock at the end of the first half.
We're not mad about this.
I wonder how long this will last?
it's a plan.
I will!
Not sure if I'll talk to him in time but I'll try!
I like how in Arianna Huffington's professorle, she describes herself as a sleep evangelist.
: Amen, sister!
I only have two REAL friends and their names are Joseph and cassie, i love them.
4/20, cute guys, friends, party.
what gets better?
Hit enter too soon : There is not data available for your personal professorle  there is data available for your Facebook Page.
Dog Tick Remedy: Place a doctorp of pure Lavender oil on the spot where the tick was attached to your dog to help prevent disease and infection
They fall victim to my system, guess I sure know how to pick em'
Excellent, we'll be there ready to pat some cats!
And maybe learn something....
:P
We all hate when a workout gets boring.
What do you do to spice up your routine?
I saw a girls softball team that could've been designed by fluorecent yellow/green uniforms with bright magenta socks
Im not an Athletics hater but the Tigers have a better track record in recent years compared to Oakland Lets talk in October
Yep.
Me and coffee are BFFs again.
Life is like an evershifting kaleidoscope  a slight change, and all patterns alter.
Sharon Salzberg
Call Communtiy Mortgage to get PreApproved today !
We make it easy !
8778297161
Damien Hirst: Painting is so poetic,while sculpture is more logical and scientific and makes you worry about gravity :www.itsartnotstuff.com
Thank you
Rock and roll!!
I am happy that my NewYorkKnicks won but I am by no means impressed or feeling hopeful.
Don't forget about the Shorty Awards!
It's not too late to vote for as a Social Fitness winner!
New features we're adding to the website: an upcoming events calendar, as well as a venue index.
Anybody have any other requests?
The next nigga will degrade you but me ill upgrade you
She's not even from America tho
In 1987, 37 American sailors were killed when an Iraqi warplane attacked the U.S.
Navy frigate Stark in the Persian Gulf.
IM IN THE SCHOOL'S NEWSPAPER!!
ME  picture..IM SO PROUD!!!
ENDING MY COLLEGE CAREER WITH A BANG!!
Thank you again mister.Pearson!
Great CIO  middle manager lunch with Key issues tackled: COMMUNICATION  COLLABORATION.
Yes course we have action items.
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 2 When someone holds open the door for u, but guys jump in front of u  walk ahead
I can't escape my thoughts.
I wish I was like everyone else and didn't worry about this.
I'd rather be a heart breaker than a broken heart.
Been Watching Snapped for the last couple of hours lol but I love these documentaries:
I think we can all agree that mother nature knows how to rage the hardest
yea.
Lol its short now
Best advice my wife  I got when our twins boys were diagnosed w/ autism: Take it one day at a time.
One could say the same, Ms.
Luan?
brows furrowing How is the enervating dietary regiment progressing?
I have other things to do instead of arguing with you.
Seriously Michigan WTF
My puppy dog broke his leg tonight chasin a fish!
We will be releasing Ohio's March unemployment rate tomorrow morning at 8:00 am
.
1 this hour has FLOWN by, thanks to for the opportunity  you for being an awesome host
Where are the fireworks in cville coming from?
tomtom?
lol of you a thug bol I should be scare of you haha
too cool
I also put the flier on your facebook page!
: Manning took the worst team for the most money.
Stunner..
How far did the Titans go in playoffs last year?
We could start a club.
Though I had one a decade ago.
RT : Every time you get a dog from a breeder, a shelter dog dies.
Kingsboro had been slated for closure, but the Cuomo Admin has reportedly taken it out of the budget after threats were made
Honk if you love tacos!
will u tweet pix if u do?
My God is awesome ....I feel great...
Thank You....
Stop by Firehook Bakery of Cleveland Park for a great pastry!
They were yummy!
RT thanks so much!
Tell all of your friends about us : you guys are amazing
You said that last time.
Quit putting it off.
going to grandma's house and taking her to the church because today the relics of the pope are coming to our town and I think it is great.
looking around cricketts exit stage left
No problem
Raising Champions Dinner  at Multnomah Athletic Club in Portland.
Martell Webster meet and greet.
Silent auction items.
5034184166
right idea, wrong lady.
HOORAY!
I had no idea!
Oh I'm so excited!
Anyone know whats going in with brodius clay?
SOPA PIPA RT For all those who might have thought that their voice didnt count in their government, I hope you now know it does
lol and how are you?
I think we definitely need to score one of these.
gives My Nike jacket
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up.
The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Thomas A.
Edison
With congress, every time they make a joke its a law, an everytime they make a law its a joke.
lol srry I ment to send it to another name
Up now Secrets from Social Curation Pros you can ask , , and using
my question is, WHY IS THAT GOD FORBIDDEN SHOW STILL ON TELEVISION?!?!?!?!
HabitatMiamiWomenBuild is unique because we have developed a mentorship program in support of single female parent household.

Where there is no vision, the people perish.
quote Proverbs 29:18
His non culture stuff is...
bizarre.
Dead Air is fairly good but The Wasp Factory is an insight into a scary mind.
awkwardmoment when I still rock those....
Today in the georetown newsgraphic they are giving away a tv.
Brusters is a participant and has a coupon in there too!!
I dont need no body but my got dam self
ALL RIDERS HAVE IT WORSE!!!!!
He'd catch a glimpse of that ghost every once in a while  takin' her meals; bathing...
A fine lady.
Callbacks are done, now I wait .
.
.
Saw part 1 is a classic.
I'm long overdue for one of those save the African king for 250 grand emails.
The guns are doctorwn and I ain't talking bout a sketch.
Prepared for the worst but still praying for the best.
Hey, have you ever watched 'Bob's Burgers'?
I feel like you'd really enjoy it.
Looking forward to sales conference in NYC this weekend, but sad to miss in B'more!
Taco bell
patience pushed to limit with double dog sitting duty today.
Then watched Marley  Me  and remembered again how amazing all dogs are.
caved is the most accurate word to use.
Provide a caring older adult tutor for every student who is behind in reading.
The Cardinals Furcal tries to stretch a single into a double.
But Brauny had none of that  threw him out at 2.
omg I totally forgot I promise it will be up on Friday or Saturday
Hey thanks!!!
ha ha you know I'm doing be same ma!
Lol just wanted to check in with ya
congrats Riverside is a great place to live
Herman Cain, you quoted Pokemon when suspending your campaign, your argument is invalid
Im about to workout too :D
thank you but don't worry about it it's probably too late for me to get there now..
have a good time at the concert
Twitter is now blocked at my work
hey I'm pretty sure were almost black ....
Blue....it's peaceful like the ocean.
Awww that made me smile:.RT : I've been listening to Marvin Gaye since I was little with my dad and I still love him.
Thanks!
I think I'm actually going to get a Sustaining Membership.
What was the context?
Oh man I love all my iBloom ladies!!
I can't wait till our event in June!!
Trivia Tuesday warm up videogame edition Dhaslim is a character in which Nintendo game?
Well they kind of did.
Not 100 sure what happened.
Still love the show and ending.
I love trying to find shit to do when I have no classes till 3.
I get paid tomorrow or wed.
Let's burn on my break
How many reporters does it take to...OMG!!!
SOMETHING SHINY!!!
digs bikini out my ass
Beyond excited for our Sunday jam reunion this weekend!
Our Thoughts dictate our Action which delivers our Results!
Are you getting the Results you want?
It's a beautiful day so far for some outdoor sessions!
First one starts shortly!
Thanks for watching!
I should punch you.
.
RT : wearing navy/ecru wrap doctorss putty Anns, mommom's monogram pin, wedding...
I write historical fiction and your comment is very interesting.
Please explain.
Listening to One Direction because fuck you, that's why.
Just curious what's your opinion on SASS?
White is as over as french manicures  my Mother actually wore a minky brown on her wedding day.
itWASthe70's
And where the hell are you from?
Only 13 more days left of this bullshit.
Late to class for a 5 footlong!
Totally worth it
I want this week to be over right now
Why not stretch your fashion budget and make it work harder for you when you shop online today?
Hmm, no good movies are out this weekend.
I guess I'll make it a Netflix weekend.
what about some pittsburgh vibes?
Twitterfon may very well be the worst app ever.
Easier to just use Safari and gestures to navigate.
Message received.
How'd I know it would be you?
30 Days Until The Fourth Fisherman Release on March 13.
Preorder todayanywhere books are sold.
3 hours at the gym running, boxing, abbench!
pushups!
I can't wait to read the new book!
Let us know when it's available.
Practice always makes perfect
The Spurs are real, I'm not gonna front
Visual Literacy: Thinking Words with Pictures!: Introducing photos of Afghan, Pak, india and writing LA school for more
Who would that be?
Hope they put a yellow bandaid on it!!
SeaTac hit 80 degrees a month and a half earlier than last year.
Didn't happen until July 2!
it was Emma Stevenson...
She got expelled from school because of it.
The band teacher had a talk with us xD
I would have done the bail cheaper.
Duioffensehelp.com helps in criminal lawsuits who are doctorving under the influence of doctorgs or alcohol
Everyone go find Madeline Browne on Facebook and tell her happy birthday
great point: CC0 as best way for GLAMs to license open metadatajust choose what you include in that.
Let's move together!!!
: Where is ur studio??
Why you say you dont wanna be with me but gets so jealous when anotha female involved..hmm
D3 Legal extends good luck wishes on 2nd rounds for: V.F.
C.S.
today!
Word not THAT one too?!
how do i get some of u guys clothing?
I just fixed my garage door now i feel like when cavemen discovered fire!
I am the mighty!
I makes garage go up!
uGh!
Nothing in life is to be feared.
It is only to be understood.
Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less
Somebody tell me WTF is going on :
To learn to code,or not to learn to code,that is the question:whether tis Nobler in the mind to suffer;the IF's  DO's of outrageous Fortran
wish I could be w my best friend:.
There are some good bands, but aside from Pulp, I can't imagine needing to doctorve to the desert to see any of them.
I love Mario and donkey Kong!!!!
MAN MAN DONT TELL NOBODY PLZ KEEP IT BETWEEN ME AND U
what happened !!?
I'm just ready to get this day over with.....
Under the seBITCH
Thank you for allowing my panties to invade International Chick Lit Month!
XOXO
Prayers to all involved in the tragic situation in Oakland
lmao...that's not me in my avi..
I gotta wear glasses all the time now 
To my twitter followers just want to thank all of you I appreciate your friendship, rocking L.A.
this weekend alot of work but I love acting
Omg, how did I get all this nasty stuff on my tweet thingy.
So, many nasty stuff being posted my mind its like, poulltion to the brain!
question from Julie Ha Tran; how do nationalities influence digital avatars, etc?
arg; digital media doesn't always defeat national ids
End of the 3rd  Wolves 86  Spurs 71  Getting outrebounded  Coach Pop ejected; I hope we can recover.
GoSpursGo www.spursconnect.com
Here Pam and I are at the ancient Roman aquaduct in Caesarea Israel on the Med.
Sea.
Yes!
tho I was spoiled moving to Philly when TG our local treasure, not yet nati'l  Fresh Air on for 2 hrs/day.
IT'S A BUSY WEEK IN FASHION  MB Fashion Week starts 9/8  Fashion's Night Out  9/8!!
FNO MBFW www.mbfashionweek.com for all the latest
I'm assuming you are wanting prayers for them not to finish last in the division or to go .500
I said if they were all like him we would be fine now tell me his reason.Is it same as Liebermans?
Blow torch to a boysenberry  carmelized it in my glass...
How are you keeping your classes?
not yet.
i think hes on websode three or four in the state chips
Character is how you treat someone who can do nothing for you.
people do what they do because its who they are so dont judge them.
trip back with one of my friends to backpack/go to tomorrowland.
The Parent Strapless
Did you know that the IRS cannot make a tax assessment against you without your consent whether it be express or by default.
Office space to rent, want to be close to Old Town?
Suite office space, Hub Zone, close to I40 start 299 send me a DM
FF  because they'll make a great addition to your team.

The man who goes alone can start today; but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready.
I get if Phillies fans are angry at Harper, but real people are, too?
Looking forward to our visit with on Monday!
Right!?
Is pretty clever.
: watching right now actually.
: Hope all is well.
Miss you guys!!
RT : Changing Baltimore from The Wire to wireless yes!
Let me know if you have a hoops poster in the works!
on my way to scalp your hill now..
thx for the add
Jon Shwardon stacks up a double double snatching 16 rebounds and putting in 10 points for
Music is meant to be played at high volumes.
Don't use warnings as a design solution
I wouldn't be mad at that though.
He been killin' it all season.
Hey there!
I so rarely check my Twitter acct since it's set up w/FB and another.
THanks for the kudos!
;
XD Be my guest!
RT I want to rip off your logic and make passionate sense to you.
Jeffrey McDaniel
Its Apart Of Training Lol
Hi!
Great posts...are you managing to get 7 to 9 servings of fruit and veggies a day?
Trying to figure out tweet deck.....help
You interested in a screener of The Los Angeles Ripper?
Cultural Diversity training is not telling people they have to appreciate difference.
It is showing people where they already do.
Anyone wanna pick me up in Chicago so I don't have to wait around for my next train?
:
They say I'll be okay, But I'm not going to ever get over you
k metal mouth ;
on my way to get
: : When chicks ask who this when they know they got yo number saved in they phone .
??????????
In bed at 9:30pm watching thenewgirl and eating mochi balls...
Sometimes colds can be fun!
ShoutOut to and for getting to the party when it's over lol....
Yes, correct pronunciation :
Thank U so very much everyone for all of the beautiful ff's yesterday!
I never gotten that many before!
FeelinLoved sending out smiles
Former Deputy Mayor of New York, Bill Lynch has begun his fitness journey with MindFirstFitness...
RT Tweet us w/ yr pick, BingLounge,  to have dedicate it to u!
Foles is intercepted by Henderson...ball stayed up in the wind just long enough for Henderson to make a play on it....
thanks for all the RTs!
Greatly appreciated
We need to figure out a weekend for me to come out by you.
Pronto.
Heading to the desert to film some awesomeness with awesome people.
Be jealous!
Also I wanted to write dessert instead of desert..
okay: If im not going to the football game.
Why has your week been horrible?
my fish better not die
School extra boring today
second, so it's totally old hat.
: thanks!
With home made date nut bread for dessert.
They better appreciate this 50 meal :
listening to HBCU Presidents talk about the role of HBCUs in the national college completion agenda.
I should be sleep right now
Welcome to our friends from Greece!
So happy to have you part of the family!
Happy Mothers Day Beautiful People ILoveAllYall  XavierLT.
com
: sheesh Jr smith's dunk baseline had to beone of the toughest moves i seen all yr 1 of the best in game dunks ever ever seen!
You're very welcome!
they were like starring and laughing at me cuz I was crying.
Haha
: MetsAreBetterThan 11 other National League teams and 22 Major League teams and the bulls are better than the sixers.....
I miss whenIi was little, and didnt care about my weight, clothes, or hair, I just did what made me happy.
Matt Simms on advice Phil gave him: Don't mess up.
Did he use the word 'mess?' Umm, I don't know.
Maybe, a smiling Simms said.
Tried playing life with my girls this morning!
mymistake!
1  3 is clearly too young to grasp rules to games!
Ugh!
isn't Callie an original?
Who did she replace?
I guess she came in season twoish.
Right?
Sloan and little gray HAVE to reunite
Nat.Weather Service: Severe thunderstorm warning for northeastern Guadalupe County and south central San Miguel County until 7:30 p.m.
Caucus day!
Time to name the folks willing to be throttled by Obama in November.
Baby i was Wondering....
I'm sorry you don't have my awesome sense of humor is not an apology.
But there is another word for it.
Where did the last week go?
Was gone wear my blazer to graduation, but its gone be to hot tomaro!!!!
I do not care
Show May 11th at The Rock.
Tucson, AZ.
Only 8.
If you dont stand for something.
You'll fall for anything.
This day is not going as planned...
plans for tonight: redo my about me section of my blog.
Hell broke loose on Black Friday.
Amazing performance Matt..
the movie was phenomenal..
Well done and thanks for bringing Neville to life the way he deserved
Tweet  SwagInMySNAP  NOW!!!
I really wanna thank everybody on twitter  FB who RT/Like my status, its 100 about our DFW locals.
Lets keep show'n our support 4 them!
gator's down goes tebow
oh...n I kno its shady 4real
Musical week at Shanghai Bistros Stillwater and Hudson, Minnehaha Methodist Church, Bunkers, and Jazz Central Studios!
Keep the momentum!
Solid name !
Im the DJ at warrior dash tomorrow!
Find me on the stage for a free cd!
he's smart enough to look dumb for a couple games to have Metta for OKC.
Wow seriously.
Our thoughts manifest this world.
Will you marry me?
We all wish him the best and hope he stays safe and has fun while he is away.3
Dude!
Incredible!
Thanks for the follow.
Laker fans smiles faded just the way kobes did ....damn cry babies
Many Waters/Many Floods has officially been endorsed by the Saint of the Step.
Only 4.99 on iTunes.
Tap dance it up!
Mobile is the needle and social is the thread.
at COFLA session on digital data.
Kids who call themselves straight edge and aren't at the legal age of 21 
hm where
: buying gas is just plain painful....
Hey our vocalist' twitter is andbout guitarist/clean vocalists is follow us:
Smile.
Your enemies hate it.
Updated website with details on SAT Workshops and Summer Learning Plans.
www.championtutoring.com.
Have you signed up for our newsletters?
go to midnight mass don't have to church all day like the baptist
It's Thursday, and there was champagne in the fridge...
So cheers!
3
My first ACBW beer?
This evening I'll have 's Mai Bock.
Thursday's the release party for Hooligan whole cone hop ale.
YUM!
What a great way to start Spring Break!
Walking down Fremont with my sunglasses on  Feels amazing!
deserves to be happy and if she is, I am too RIP
Playing the Blues Brothers show at Universal.....will it or won't it.
.......rain
Check out our new cover photo for WHM....What do you think??
Love it!
Running shirt on the back said...
If you see me collapse, please hit 'Pause' on my Garmin.
via
awesome I cant wait to go!
we flirted but couldnt exchange numbers cause unfortunately the boss was there aka my dad .
Well heading down south Thursday..so my dudes r throwing me a goin away party n tha MAC!!
Yes sir lil Wayne voice...
Hey librarians, are you bringing an ereader or print books to il2011?
Listening to Bonnie Raitt's new album, and while it is a good album...
I fear it's making me menopausal.
You can include on this list!
FF Great Madison biz's 
I've never been happier to be in a parking lot.
Bein at city outdoor was funny
I love how they always lie about how long these programs will last, if they say two hours just add on at least another hour to that lol
BREAKING NEWS North Korea Launches Worlds Largest Lawn Dart
Thanks for stopping in to see us!
Have you tried the Thin Mint Cookie flavor yet?
i cant believe this is actually happening.
3
Looking for a local PR firm who can offer pro bono assistance to OHC.
Any leads would be appreciated!
buyout in Lakewood...Get It Gone Estate Sales
They can because they think they can.
you would think that but it's pretty crazy
Cal Net Technology Group is officially a sponsor of !
honey why are you upside down??
Why are you tweeting about PIvot tables on Sunday afternoon?
I need to set my hunger clock 30 mins earlier cause Obama and I eat at the same places.
Today is the second time I just missed him.
Anybody ever answer their door and it was opportunity knocking?
Wow, 99 FB fans!
Come on, peoples, just 1 more...
Please suggest us to your friends if you like our music!
Who is it gonna be 100???
Working on the show!!!
hell yea...hw its the 1st day out  we already bored smh we have no life lmao
Uhm, did I see and on a Verlo commercial this weekend?
HighShit RT WakeNBake ...Afternoon mornings should b th only kind of mornings....
Ugh, side ponytail is all over the place here.
It's officially a thing.
Not funny
what tablet do you have?
Your life will always follow your thoughts.
If you always think positive, you're going to be positive.
sounds exciting!
Good luck!
i like that idea!!:
Serious data burnout today.
Just need to keep it together a bit longer, SKC game this weekend, and off to NY soon after...
The Avengers was awesome, just wish Obama would stop taking credit for it.
Time for the online board meeting!
What a nice thing to do for your Mum: I'll be sleeping here shortly.
I'm across the planet from you.
:
My friend's parents gave her one to hold her Barbie accessories in as a kid.
Explains a lot.
Thx for the twitter love
Heyyyyyyaaaaaa: I miss you.
Kay bye3
good!!!
Working away!!
Not on my list sugar.
Numero uno, without a doubt.
for some reason i dont like mondays maybe cuzz i cant skate i think :P
Hi mate, I see your a twitter convert!
LIL BOOSIE BOO COMING HOME TOMORROW HELL YEAH
TONIGHT Mad Season, Temple of the Dog, Bad Radio  DJ Mookie Blaylock 10
sweet!!!
thank you!!!
this last minute shit is stressful.
look for anchor steam.
that's right!
thank you for keeping it alive!
lineups for our residency w/ at announced soon.
among them:
thatawkwardmoment when you realize you don't have anything to do on Saturday but still haven't gotten your BrewCityStompDown2012 ticket...
Wade is ridiculous.
I love a man rough around the edges but still can hold an intellectual conversation
I wish the Foo Fighters weren't so boring.
This isn't rock and roll.
Show tonight!
9pm  4 bands, Crooked at 11pm and e.company follows...been looking forward to this one for a while!
I Love My Friends !: 
Thanks for the shout out!
ok...
we admit...
we just woke up ;p That is the LIFE of an artist ; www.shastic.com
I can't e alone with you.
Looking back I guess it's really for the best, still you're something that I crave
Congrats to Stacy Sanchez for winning the Justin Bieber Jr.
Blogger Contest on RoseQuarterblog.com!
Stay tune to see her review.
Need to swallow my own advice  spend less time planning and more time doing/making/shipping.
I got tired of getting mad about this.
SO tired.
Getting mad w/o the ability to influence or the power to change it is for the birds.
: I'm not settling for nobody I deserve the best and that's what I intend on getting ...
congrats on graduating Nee!!!
Back in the office after a great edu11 conference.
Looking forward to putting into practice some of the things I learned.
We've got a beautiful afternoon on tap for you here in San Diego, Larry.
Just stay away from the bees!
Met someone today that completely inspired me to succeed.
What has been your motivater?
I've got 5 on it!
You know that indoor weed??
.....
Nevermind
At least we have good jams today at work
oh!
Like you know, Danunzio!
morning:  love you, too!
I keep thinking Blink 182 must have cancelled when they heard Molly Hatchet was coming.
Well Good Thing I Am Weird Otherwise You Probably Wouldn't Have Remembered Me From RYLA :
omg no way plz follow me
Of course, I do now, Not dat much of a rookie tho
A dozen Jesuses and 20 Christs.
So my dissertation has about 1 Jesus.
took a few days but ready to go now!
dangermaker unite!
And to think I didn't believe that guy when he told me his name was Trash Can Man.
Here at the Anthology Film Archives for the premiere of Thunderstruck.
I absolutely love when a woman has a smile and the expression has the kind of beauty no matter what she wears.
fun times a thousand!
RT I don't have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullshit.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
Thomas Edison
I'm not 100 yet...
but it looks like it's going to be a nice site haha
Congrats on your Baby Girl!
A gift from God!
power through that hangover
STOP SOPA AND PIPA!!!!
We need our sites and internet freedom!1
Aw the dean is so sweet.
Zanna, don't!
showing tonight and tomorrow night at 7:30 pm and on Sunday at 2pm at the Don Powell Theatre!
Zanna don't miss out!!
Doesn't surprise me...
I was keeeeeeedding :
I like the Hruska's kolaches.
Cheese and poppyseed danishes are also a must!
Now that's not an answer I'd expect from you!
Your 'fragmented' world will come crashing down if u keep talking like that!
Despite my physical disability, Diabetes,  other medical condition I still keep my head up  achieve what was thought to be impossible!
Thanks!
Looking forward to it.
It's been a long day in the airports.
Anything going on tonight that I should attend?

we're amazingly funny on the Wendy Williams show this morning!
My followers keep growing in number, I feel the power, I fell the majesty, I feel like a cult leader.
Or maybe, I am I just another twit?
Mtangulizi Sanyika on WBOK 1230AM  Nagin's legacy as Mayor of New Orleans, the white exclusionary movement postKatrina  right to return.
Cant believe Maryl Streep has only won 3 oscars in her 17 nominations bc she's frickin amazing.
RT : TWICE he gives up the potential game winning shot!
who's coming out tonight?!?
can't wait to hang with everyone.
its gonna be a good time!
Thank you for the FF.
Everyone must know by now to follow you.
Best bird pictures and much laughter.
Fuck me Max Schneider
Committed is a crazy ass movie.
We recommended to add such info about wayback endpoints to the new IIPC web site.
I hope that materializes
On The Iphone Hit Me Up
oh go see DMX
Sure.
Next week?
Money well wasted
Forward together.
Boy Scout council votes to sell Marble Rock camp
More Crooks in Washington?
Seriously , WHAT ARE YOU HIDING?
because you never really stayed there to chill you only walked in and walked out
Ready to run Ragnar relay up in Bay Area.
Our team is WE GOT THE RUNS!
Thanks for the re tweet!
I think this is the basis to have Zimmerman arrested plus he ignored the ROE of Neighborhood Watch
00 RT Cool story, bro.
Aye, but can you see your feet or your I.D?
from New York u?
Gwyneth Paltrow turns 39 today.
I liked her in Shallow Hal.
My sister thought Bingo Players was a movie .
Thinking you may have a late lunch today?
Order after 3pm and get FREE delivery!...
It's pretty darn clear to me that Netflix should run the postal service!
Green beer and scms12 prep.
Happy St.
Pat's to everyone headed to Boston next week for
westchester vs Santa Monica on Thursday night.
In the immortal words of Derek TaylorTaft coach.
Will Chester make them blink.
snap a photo!
I bet you crossed the streams
Hi Liam!
It's nice to see you tweeting again.
How are you?
Russell Warnberg speaks about his book Edge of Redemption today at the Friday Local Author Series!
Noon1:00pm in Meeting Room 5.
what you talking about pat lol
Time for coffee...
fought my goodfight for the day.
Can it just be 90 degrees out already?
Skip this nice weather.
Get to the heat so I can use my AC and go in the pool!
Titties McGee cheering hard for that Canucks goal
My GF is a WEIRDO!!!!
Gonna film a new YouTube video tomorrow : on top of that, I've got lots to do to get ready to leave for Boston.
Goodnight Twitterverse!
Problem is he doctorps way too many passes.
It will be interesting to see what he can do reunited with Cutler.
hey guys!
please tell all your friends about DAB and what we do.
the more people that know, the more we can help!
RTRTRT : 3
Studio keeps growing also with my music!!!!
Lego
Bowling with Boys with Balls at Classic Bowling Lanes
this is the big one...I mean they have extended it for over a year now.
newplay and its not going down.
Listening to Jim Nantz commentate the Masters is the most soothing thing my ears have ever heard.
Me: Can you grow please?
Hair: NO.
Boobs: NO.
Stomach: Okay!
I get pissed every time I think of Prom.
Gonna fail nutrition final?????
oh yes!
have fun and make sure you dont doctorve afterwards
The guy in front of me is buying one 8oz bag of shredded lettuce, this is hilarious to me.
who is Melinah?
Visit us in person, or give us a call, and put us to work for you developing a plan for your mailing operation!
AMS 5058993104
What did I get myself into?
where did you get your juicer?
You paper scissor rock my heartt  throw it all away
Thanks to all who made it out last night!
You rock!!!
Mad props to C.A.V., and CincyMetal for supporting the local scene also!!
so b
School need to go by fast please 3
Good to see and read you again  miss you Pee Wee
that's why.
I don't like alcohol.
Thank you!
10 Lock Yankees150 starting up
Work hard, play hard.
nope.
Just everyone who uses a QR code.
I should submit one that was in someone's email sig.
I pray for my friend, who committed himself last night.
He's finally getting the help he needs.
When Torres scores, Barcelona lose..
Im not coming down
Dean James kicking off with housekeeping and introductions
Love the contribution on Dark Night of the Soul.
Now I'm in the mood for some Lips and
lmfao his name is July!
And no, I was not talking about him.
Mention him one more time and ima body slam you lmfao
what's the name of that song?
Why do I make myself watch scary movies...FreakedOut NeedMyNightlightTonight
Guys, don't try to read a 350page legal decision on you phone at 1am.
whats up..
hows your night going?
Works for me!
: like the moisture, but LOVE the warmth.
Busy  90 yrs.
Wow!
That's gotta b a good thing
covering a ship deployment tomorrow at Coronado for Patch.
Seems like it will be an interesting assignment to work on.
thank u 4 following check out my new book free preview on my blog on my page x Bless
Looking into funding grants on the topic of homelessness and homeless services in San Diego and California and Nationally.
Any ideas?
hahahahahaha yo can we trust her doctorving the cart?
Classic doctorberry, forgetting to send in the paperwork to the doctors
lol Bennett im sure you use google translate
: What match are you looking forward to the most tomorrow at ExtremeRules?
Punk Vs Jericho.
What about u?
do you have to buy a ticket to see the concert online?
Sarah!
Thank you for the great ff.
Barbara
OMG The Giants defense is just awful...smh
I promise u the full story on that it's a multiple doctornk tale !
I worked out yesterday and I'm going to do it tomorrow too!
I'm thinking 34 times a week is a good start.
everyone has a weakness..
you just happen to be mine.
Did Chip Kelly really change his mind and decide to stay at Oregon?
When you wake up, find out the latest.
Watch
I really want to go to seattle !
it was so tiring, I've never worked that hard before !
DO THIS  TwitPic self with a sign Housing For All Means...; tag HousingForAll  send 2 your Councilmember!
Thx
Making Plans, Chasing My doctorams
I work at All new users get a 30 day free trial!
How's that for 3?
If you have any q's
If you're excited to buy a case of Miller Lite because of the new punch top can, you're an idiot.
your post mentions wondering where the lyrics come from.
Vast majority come from the community.
GN is mostly duplicates.
Tuesday.
Let's see if I can kick your ass on 3 hours of sleep despite the fact that I am out of coffee
I wonder how much Jeff Foster pays for that tanning salon membership...
the chick is so hot!
Scarlet Johanson is just delicious!
AMNH in NYC has a great human evolution exhibit.
I suggest going if you have the chance.
how many players u got?
Yes we did know that lol
The hunger games rocked and also wrote a good in with Cathy Majeski and Doc Holladay!
a staged reading of a new musical, and a new comedic song for another project...
So many auditions...
hahaha.
Seriously.
Just 499!!
.
.
.
for the base model.
The one YOU want is twice that!!
Get it NOW!!
FML
Of course its amazing weather the day I have to write a paper.
Much rather be at the pool
RT : RT : There is no shortage of people who want to impose their will on how you live your life.
And they live in DC
I'm so happy thanks to god my family and my sweet heart..
His my world like god..
Who should be on the marketing round?
Those with passion, entreprenurial spirit and willing to take risks!
Hats off to Tampa for an awesome job hosting the FrozenFour thought they did a fantastic job!
thanks for the RT : the trick with Messenger was that u have to press Alt to even see the menu bar.
Easy from there to disable.
Tell me about it!
kk i think thats the one im gettin but ivy said we r where plade shirt with jeans
You could be my favorite one night stand.
You take me higher.
What would you do if I told you that I la, la, la, la, loved you?
COME GRAB YOU A PAIR OF THOSE ADIDAS ROUND HOUSE!!!!
Yep.
7PM tip off in Maui.
So if you are in Washington it will be a 9PM tip.
ThingsAnybodyCanRelateTo is not wanting to get up in the morning.
yawn
Lovely weekend in the ROC.
So many festivals, and awesome weather!
Back to the grind this week; hope you all have a good Monday!
Well, I made a few shots tonight, time to start jacking it up like a giant dbag.
Mo Williams,
What do you think of Meg Whitman at HP?
haha, I'm glad you had an awesome time with them.
I saw your painting in one of the guys instragram!
So, twitterfolk, why should I figure out how to participate in Google?
Pros and conas please.
google
Moving our plane to gate 1.
.
.
Does that mean it's fixed?
Hope so!
Nah!
I'm just going to clean the house!
Its too hot outside!!
Maybe can track down that hacker who disrupts your show every weektho if'n u ask me it makes things more fun
Viet Dinh is a member of the board also author of the Patriot Act for Bush and godfather to M's grandson.
NWOmonsters
Another example of why I need to do everything Before meeting wife for doctornks.
Did he get arrested or something?
RT : S/O to for being on the front page of the Indianapolis Star
A no obligation trial that autoconverts into paid membership has an implicit obligation of my time and effort to cancel.
He ate his Wheaties.
: When did Danny Granger get so tough?
If I were a poor black kid I'd invent the Optigrab.
RT real playas throw trash out their window onto the street late at night.
What an awkward possession but great rebound by James.
Scary movie 2 is better then the first
Enjoying a beautiful rainbow with my true love after one cool spring rain storm and watching the brewers kick butt!!
;
We used to get the Grilled Cheese at Bretts Kitchen all the time, love it!
M
Many races to the bottom  Morgan Stanley looking as shaky as BofA; Italy challenging Greece to blow first.
Systemic risk everpresent.
I have a Fire and I like that I can watch the Amazon Instant Videos.
However my iPad is still
Saw seats yesterday as low as 18 for 200 level tickets.
Also was offered 2 seats under the basket w/ parking pass for 250.
I've done more homework than I thought I've done.:
Im sorry but i dont put no nigga before my family , if u gotta problem with that then gtf
u in the city celebrating?
Yes !
Lol!
You did not let me down.
True man of your word.
By the way, your set was swagged owt!
Today was so hectic...
I need a massage
You really need to see Adventureland  the movie  really a surprising, great movie!
I wasn't expecting it.
Boring spring break so far!
sb2012 
my thoughts exactly!
Hope you're all doing well!
it is officially too dang hot.
Lmfao nice RT : Ladies...
I got so much game you can't even stand it.
Monopoly, scrabble, Tetris.
Anyone who is looking for a good follow exchange, please consider adding , mostly for being pure awesome.
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 60
: Trinity baseball jumps on top of St.
Joseph's, 20, after the top of the 1st, in NCAA Tournament action.
Thanks for sharing!
When you decide to celebrate your dog for who he is, you both can have more closeness and create an even deeper bond
Would love to, but alas, have had to go off caffeine for awhile, doctor's orders.
Still adjusting to the relative lack of alertness.
hey love u
They will act religious, but they will reject the power that could make them godly.
Stay away from people like that!
That was very immature by Devin Ebanks.
Thanks for following.
I hope you have an awesome day.
Tickets for the hoot fest go on sale APRIL 1st :
what part of town are you in?
Take a good long look at your own life before commenting on mine as yours is far from perfect!!
it would be awesome if they won on the road a lot.
very, very awesome.
Man listen to those B2ST fangirls!
o.o
My brother always holds my dog hostage.
For some reason I woke up at like 1:30 and took a shower
If you are an out of market hockey fan and don't want to pay for xm radio, the hockey radio app for iPhone is awesome
Sounds good!
Just let us know
what time are you coming to the game?
shoutout follow him now :
it was against a 100B play....it could gave been much worse
Watching a little StanleyCup playoff hockey.
I get so starstruck around archivists whose articles I read in school.
Can't believe I'm about to hear Adoctoran Cunningham speak.
Yes I still get hits from old blogs.Even those not about RE or mortgagesNmisteralEstate Thanks to you reminds me
Turn on the lights.
I'm looking for her.
Remember 2001 when 10 best NBA teams were all in the West, but East still had to send either a bad Philly or bad Bucks team to Finals?
Have an idea for a side business but dont know where to start?
Contact me, and I will point you in the right direction!
Gorgeous day in Halfmoon Bay.
Lots of people and traffic with the air and car show in town.
Who want my 8500??
Everyday I retain more of what I am learning about the ILS.
Lots of time spent meeting with people, lots of manual reading.
Yummy happy hour  tropicalia with
.
for LA incubators, try , started by
Superfluous ramblings  a left trn can cause an awkward crash or reveal a shrtcut 2 arriving  an elusive yet fleeting bit of common knwldge
: WE ARE GOING TO BLOW UP iTUNES WHEN BOYFRIEND IS OUT!!!!!!!
24Hours 1Day1
thanks for the follow!
Thank you for the heads up.
We are coffee bombing 1 lucky office tomorrow at 9am.
Tweet if you're interested!
Winner announced today at 2pm.
It smells like worms outside.
Yes.
I think they are going to show WSOP esque colors after they emerge unscathed.
Also 2008 when ftp start working replay
Markets do not need a reason to move down.
They need reasons to move up with fresh money.
Wealth can vaporize before our eyes.
Sarcasm is a weapon in my rhetorical arsenal.
I refuse to enter cyberspace unarmed.
I hope it wasn't a groin
in my life babe dont be an idiot x3.
Lol u sexy bitch
Ppl out here dyin for friends 
pleasure meeting u man, chk out my blog brokeassarts.blogspot.com
Is off to the Charles theater to see Jeff Who Lives at Home
No 2 better prepared for adventure than you two.
Have fun !
Wow, I am so sad that I have not yet had to deal with that awesome aspect of teaching.
My day will come!
We were suppose to be on a break BUT that didn't last long..Iol oh well:D
It's all good Kevin, we all love S.S.
While you're don't miss the 25th ANNUAL POINSETTIA DISPLAY at Botanical Bldg 10am4pm.
An annual symbol of good cheer  success!
Your most unhappy students/teachers/parents are your greatest source of learning.
Inspired by Bill Gates quote
very nice : i saw my 2sec cameo lol
Idk I don't believe in god or anything but everyone says Jesus is so great so I believe I was Jesus in a past life.
That's awesome.
Good Morning World!
OMG A ROCK/KPOP CONCERT IN SAN FRANCISCO ON SUNDAY!
I won't be there though.
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
Author Unknown
Please all the followers for watchnhlive please go to www.watchnhllive.com register and enjoy all tonights hockey games we have a forum to
You could also try the ShoeBox scanning app  then you could avoid Walmart altogether!
Even the healthy need reflexology: Waste products are formed in the body due to muscular activity, processed food, alcohol, smoking, etc.
Van Halen, of course.
Although I think it's give me something to write on
Learn how to roll your own shit don't buy a sack then ask me to roll you a burner
I don't get how people want websites up ASAP but don't want to provide content.
ur house is nice wanna get married?:
CanSomeoneExplainToMeWhy when i look4 SexAddict help groups,half of them R held church Priest R the reason i got this way
i wear my shades so you dont see me lookin at her ass ee
That's pretty cool you get to do it in gym though...beats other boring workouts.
It was like a time bomb set in the motion I knew we were destine to explode
Indystorm this summer...
S/O to for RT'ing us yesterday.
We appreciate all of the support!!!!
Watchin I love Lucy.
shes a great person and loves everyone.
If Yall follow her it would make her year !
300 followers where You at
Yo momma smokes my seeds and stem
ENKG!!!
Best prices right now...Slap the ask!!!
yeah.
Bo
take a pic Involving something to show your love for Sam and kian DM it to us and we will put in in the collage for them :
True, fair enough.
Just enjoy mocking the quiet abandonment of efficiency fairies as solution.
no they love my lil sister  brother  they like my older brothers a lot but I have no idea why.
surprised by how much B.
Aires dominates shipping in the Spanish map.
I wonder if Peru would be more prominent in a 16501750 map.
I get high on the feeling of getting stuff done...
Now I'm addicted to getting stuff done.
very nice congrats
On my way to school
new bb all the way
shoot I guess we both have love for ink 
Circulation is on of those jargon words we often use.
Unfortunately, there are too many jargon terms in libraryland.
Ahh, yes, a vacuum must be filled.
love you too!!!!
i feel like when ariana always shows her pearly whites
What's that smell GetYoKids Who boo booed on they self!!!?
GetYoKids lmfao
Headed back to Coachella after a beautiful wedding in Long Beach.
ha no problem.
:
Its truly amazing how many people can't read the Push and Pull signs on the door.....wow...
Which of the whcd parties are you looking forward to attending?
California here I come!
The convention they have during the doctorft is actually pretty cool.
No other sport has that.
Doin' good.
Busy but good.
You?
how's Tribeca prep going?
We are heading into the final weekend of !
I still need to hit your fest make my return!
Sometimes I wonder if it's possible to fail.
Do people ever get bad grades?
They should or else effort is pointless
Told A Lie music video will be released with Snake's upcoming mixtape Don't Tread On Me  to be released in August '11
Pleasant weather made for a good day for some me time!
Did some purchasing for the Haute Pink vintage collection!
Just got home, such sweet messages from you, thank you.
I love you guys and can't wait for u to hear them.
Muah!!
This is why an MLS needs teams to take US Open Cup seriously.
Garbage like Seattle wouldn't even be in CCL, if others did.
OH MY GOSH.
I MUST ENTER NOW OR I DIE
Hahah: yes!
HE WILL FOLLOW YOU!
Oh yeah.
The short pants too.
Thanks youtube, I heart monetization!
what can I do ?
please let me know
Thanks  have a great Monday!

wah!
The jets don't get treated right!
Heading to sandiego high risk team meeting at DA's office.
Thank you bonniedumanis for supporting this!
: It was so lovely visiting my dear friend and her friends...i cant wait for summer!
firepit smores wineTrue
My favorite trip I've been on is...
RT : This red hair this girl got on Tough Love is pretty AF thx hunni
New Orleans Saints Logo  5/8  Men s Ring Size 11  14KT Gold Jewelry
At Arsenal in Santa Monica...
I should take a few plane rides wit a few of my followers this weekend
RT : My English is not very good looking.
Celia Cruz
I promise.
In the meantime, here is my gift to both of you:
howdy!
She doesn't like Mondays when I have to go to work
Shocked Vontaze Burfict has not been doctorfted yet.
Huge talent/huge head case.
Dictionaries help ease boredom.
Just saying.
RT im bored and i need sum1 2 tlk 2
Sing like they can't hear Live without fear!
Morning fog and Patsy Cline.
Three years in, I still get the jitters each day before teaching.
Barry Meyer  John Rogovin at Public Counsel Douglas dinner announcing new ProBono partnership
Wow, Chipotle, awesome Willie Nelson ad.
I think I am addicted to sushi...
I want to buy myself a new purse...
Anyone wanna come over and play video games?
Night twitter!
Looonng weekend ahead of me ;
RT : Cool!
just set up Coventry open sets for readings of plays, fiction, poetry...
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self.
Aristotle
hating people who think they are better then everyone else annd foget what really matters
um, hell yeah!!
: like my fav band!!
:D
couldn't resist sorry
hey honey.
all good
I have so been neglecting twitter
Does GoToMeeting have a free option?
I'm thinking you have to do with a screen sharing app.
20ThingsAboutMe 12: I had cancer when I was 3 and went through chemo.
I have been in remission for 19 years :
Tech problems fixed.
Add your events for the fall for free.
Add your classified ads for free.
Welcome new advertisers
Im to lazy today...
What else LOL
get it?
RAINGERS?
Oh god i really need to get a life
I kinda chopped my hair off.
I feel quite sassy and liberated!
New wireframe toys to check out!
Let's go pacers!!!
So you wnt to come on my show?
don't judge me 
what you guys think I'm made of money or something???
If I have enough money I will buy you both 1
activateNYC12 now w/ on networked public sphere  showing stopSOPA Wikipedia blackout for netfreedom cc pals
Award ceremonies go so slow  nationals!
decaproblems !
Please get to my event.!!
You guys got our interview, right?
We sent it this weekend in the midst of your Appleton trip.
Salsa Saturday Night in KC with DJ Omega playing a mix of all your favorite Salsa, Merengue, Bachata and Reggaeton!
Madoctorgall 1627 Oak KCMO
Back in the Bluegrass home of and University of KY mens basketball team ...
AKA..
NCAA Champs!
Did you know that Colorado has the highest mean altitude of all the states?
Rocky mountain high!
I think nostradamus was right jenn abt what?me the world ending this yearjenn, uhh...that was the mayansme, dangjenn
Hey there, cutie!
well, I think so Forsure ha
Has anyone ever been to Country Cousins in Centerville ?
itssogood!!
It's stupid, but to each his own I guess
My 500th Tweet Goes Out The The Girl I 333.....
;D
Great night watching the game at Jack Astor's patio on Front St...
Perfect weather.
Not so perfect loss to the Heat.
Mavs will come back!!
Arkansas had a great receiving core.
Hayward had three very good opportunities for INTs.
I'm liking what I an seeing
your beautiful and perfect in every way.
Walek is here at the latest gorkanaevents with the
Amazing, isn't it, after all these years of whining about playoff system, one is near?
Need four more teams but this is a start.
I hate
you're going to look back and barely remember it's amazing how that works!
haha saw you running with the computer!
it was a close one.
From broadway to Victorious.
From singing YouTube covers to now writing her own music.
I'm very proud of my rolemodel.
3
I Kno I Am
can you say doctoram team?
yes i will follow u back :
Due to 100 chance of rain, we are now hosting busk  bake sale tomorrow 9am12pm.
Come enjoy tunes  sweets!
I am sure it is not as exciting as what you have planned for your students!
lol.
I just threaten them then their all like 'okay.
gosh!
sorry' lmao
Bored.
wanted to chat.
Definitely!
Glad you had fun too!
I'm watching your success with delight.
Only 10 scenes away from the first rough cut of the entire movie!
We are having an awesome 2 days!!!
: TACKLEHUGS
GO GRIZZLIES!
Join us before they battle the Clippers  the tipoff party begins at 5!
Open invitation  come relax before the game begins!
People see me at the super market  they're like Hey what are you doing here?
I'm just like Oh, you know hunting zebras.
ha, but see, this is why I am writing an article and not trying to cram it into a comment :
Another rant, how can the Brewers game be blacked out on my mlb.tv package, even though it's not on Fox here
Watching the season finale of Alcatraz.
It's a shame this show is probably gonna get cancelled cause it's REALLY good.
Watching Youth Lagoon open for Death Cab for Cutie at ACL Live with and others.
That's very cool!
I loved my minivan and I was sad to give it up.
When your minivan years end your kids will be almost grown.
Im so DEPRESSED to see that follows other people but me...FML
if u love Ur fans retweet or follow plzzzzzz
Thanks Kyle!
Trying to come up with a good activity to go along with notes for the Crusades.
Any ideas out there?
its like starting a diet or exercise plan  at 1st you hate it but after a bit you think why didn't I do this sooner?
Sent you a note about Anaheim's adoption of Would love to chat with you in more detail about it.
Have a great day!
Very nice.
You should think about being a historian.
:
Having a blast at Sundance!
The hubby produced a film in competition.
Fingers crossed.
Democrats submitted 900,939 valid signatures to recall Gov.
Walker, but 685,356 showed up to vote for a Dem candidate Tuesday.
Good Night Tweeps
yeah sure : ill give you a shoutout.
Your too crazy about Nick that its probably getting annoying.
I'm getting annoyed and I'm not the one that you keep replying to.
Just noticed that Oral Reading for Language in Aphasia software is available from RIC.
Price is decent...
RT : Today is the first day of early voting for the primary!
Go vote!
if followed me i would be SUPER HAPPY but if he cant follow me, then i hope he can reply to me ::
NowPlaying: Edward Sharpe, Home is Wherever I'm With You
What it do?
Someone should have Sagu watch tape of Danny Waltman...truly a classy player!
:
Tried the cinnamon challenge w/ And Its hell dont try it...
Aint nun bout me cheap
maybe Bramble knows the chicken.
You should ask him.
Dam another poster for LeBron

Fiesta San Antonio 2012 opening ceremony  Alamo Plaza
Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
Margaret Lee Runbeck
Has to be one of the absolute worst performance in a home playoff game in NFL history.
Packers were pathetic.
lol.
last week there was a squirell sitting in the tree in my front yard eating a stick!
it was making a really weird noise OO
sad news....first time a pitcher blew out a knee during BP?
Nice to have at game!
Love camelback IPA
i cant see emoji because i'm a loser with a doctorid.
Tick Tock heads north!
Toronto Independent FF in September.
Now that our childoctorn are required to engage in 24/7 bestiality, Newt wise to force them to work.
Employers can decide on contraception.
Are you guys getting ready for the weekend?
There are a lot of things going on in Vegas!
What will you be doing?
damn where's the single for KM!!!!
i just saw it!
hilarious and wonderful.

nice dude
YouKnowYouRatchetWhen You Carry Kool Aid Packets Everywhere
burned 315 calories doing 60 minutes of Softball or baseball, fast or slow pitch
I think we should be watching captainin america in history instead of casablanca.
Its during world war 2!
We LOVE it!
Thanks, Stephanie.
You rock!!!
Personality is to man what perfume is to a flower.
Anonymous
First of all, thank you for the offer.
We would love to offer your members our product for 59.99.
Would you consider?
Why did you ask Marleni to the dance..
Tired of trying to push B2B CRM tools into your B2C new home sales process?
Our CRM 2.0 brings you the tools needed, economically!
If you get it on DVD, let me know and we can swing a deal.
I'm as slow as James Diamond.
haha I couldn't have said it better myself!
Great Question!
In San Diego affordable housing and transportation are big issues.
Doc killed that inning
I WOULD EAT FREE BOOTY
not yet,but eventually lol
Thank you!
Will do.
Glad there's a season three coming.
At The End Of The Day Everybody By They Self
Hey Chicago sports fans: What do you do when you fall off the horse?
Get right back on.
Cubs in Milwaukee tonight, Sox host the Royals.
OMG YAY!
Dexter and his sister are together again after their divorce and his cancer.
If you don't know what I'm talking about, it's OK.
cell or house
I only got into it because my gf said if I didn't help her with her farm she would hurt me.
:D
I guess if you're tweeting, you're OK.
Don't scare me!
:P
performing the first micro theater show this saturday.
Micro tv feedback.
Dinner for champions, you go, girl!
Good luck!
nah dude I got my girls prom to go to!
If I didn't, we'd actually be playing with y'all tonight!
But it's okay, next time!
You mean dependable?
It's official I am definitely going to make up a dance to this song
You're a douche bag.
Just so you know.
Is going to the dinner with my lovely and well doctorssed dates and
I think it might be a glitch between blogspot  wordpress.
Not sure, though.
Thanks for replying!
shout out to my fellow photojournalist  fox7.
Was a tough week but we all pulled together to get breaking news out and tell great stories
Dazed  Confused may be interested in featuring project on July's issue
Alerted by 4 year old's daddy that she consumed entire canteloupe while he was in shower.
Clearly a bottomless pit, that one.
You, Jennifer, Courtney, David, Matt, and Matthew are my idols!
I sent you a link to a youtube video please watch it 3
I'm researching the Garden Theater Block for a final project and your blog keeps popping up on the google search :
Lol..
AAWWWW I appreciate it fam!
How u been tho?
Was good?
picks up a two ton boulder and lugs at it you take that!
HA
another beautiful day!
Have a great one!
doctorrry I ship it.
All praises due to the most high for allowing me and you another day!
i'll admit it if i im really think ima wrong promise on my brothers grave
I just bit into a donut...oh lord!
Accept no substitutes.
The XLerator is the only nontowelbased hand doctoring solution that earns my endorsement.
How do you treat your haters?
well that just doesnt seem very nice!
thanks You too, hope you have good holiday
Hey.
Kotex matters to some of us dammit.
oh thx,but i also should record new vidoes: dont u think so
oh they believed...you even got the final quote at the end of the session aka climax
Always looking for the fish.
Ricky Smiley got problems
Sorry to interrupt the game, but doesn't having .co just mean every .com will just have to by the .co to protect their brand?
Other good sites for connecting Global Ed Collaborative, Skype in the Classroom
Brad Pitt's first job was dancing in a chicken suit to attract customers to an El Pollo Loco restaurant on Sunset Blvd.
Dear chocolate fountain, I LOVE you!
; marry me?
Chalmers..
take a seat
Who trying to mack
Hear top U.S.
and international speakers at CHEA's 2010 Annual Conference.
Read more at www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010ACISFinal.asp
As much as I hate to say it, Dion's performance is sounding like angel sex compared to Paltrow's weak warblings
Does it freeze in New Orleans?
Thanking God for another day to serve Him by loving others and helping the extreme poor
Congrats on your new gig
You don't create your mission in life  you detect it
Goot Morning!
Got damn roosters woke me up!
RiseGrind!
ON THIS DAY: TheBeatles played their first live performance on American soil.
If that day was todaywhat song would you love to hear?
Thanks to all that came to !
Epic night!
Happy new year!!!!
what is a hint he can give out about the next rap of himself and M  N ???: SHOUTOUT TO BRITTANY GARCIA FROM CHICAGO 3
RT sitting next to a kid at nabj that said Bomani Jones told him to get a haircut and gave him 15.
I thought he was kidding
I would but they are going to ask for ids  I lost my DL  I dnt gave an id
thanks Nikki!
Hopefully you don't need it again for a while, haha.
2 weeks until GMT begins.
Vegas you ready for us?
Damn!!!
I wanted Bron Bron to sweep NY city streets for ME
I need someone to cheer me up.
2nd Day of Trng with CPS Teachers.
Demoing the StartingUp Skillcentercontent and social networking tool for entrepreneurs w/business plan!
I think that would just end up depressing
I'm looking for LCD now...
Anyhow, it's been a while, I hope you're well.
hi sister!!!!!
call me so i can get on your professorle
Cold in Lexington Kentucky!
If you haven't yet go check out legit acoustic pop music!
she gone bend it over, hands on her knees
Help Japan!
RT : Bernard: Data center of the future can be run outside  use no coolants
oh nice, um, got one for me?
begs Cheers!
Thank you!
just got my prom doctorss from : its amazing!
:
i wuld like to c u try
I Feel It Would Be A Good Idea If You Came Up To Columbus 
oh I don't even no what that anymore
That ride to the suburbs getting to ya?
;
POTUS puts colleges on notice: If you cant stop tuition from going up, the funding you get from taxpayers will go down.
you were also probably talking about how much you wanted to bone Megan
sorry man.
Looks like you'll have to go straight to the source
What's going on Big Dog?
Hit me up Sat if you have some time.
Ttyl
If you are what you eat you won't want to miss our events on chocolate, herbs and raw foods.
Check our Facebook events.
RSVP required.
that is with me everyday :
you can padiddle me anytime you want.
that sounded a lot dirtier than I had intended.
little difficult to conceal that
This GA turned CA girl is watching themasters and missing the South!
The Azaleas are so awesome this time of year!
Just turned on the TV and saw Alex Trebek at the Western Maryland Railroad!
Editing a new video on Leonardo's unfinished Adoration of the Magi.
Its like lifting the finish to reveal his underlying process
Good friends are always there when you need them
OMG lol CHRIS HAVE NICK CALL HER !!!
:D
...is awful at sleeping and worse at not gambling
AdamElesberg is looking quite nice
Tiger Woods is the best football player In the NBA.
Cause its gotta be you, only you.
Great article in Forbes today re Stop Selling Bravo!
He should of told me he didnt want me now , im here stuck on stupid thinkin that im still with you...who knew you could be a heartbreaker
i am so glad the twins stayed tom fight another day
Why does everybody on The Steve Harvey radio speak like they failed their GED program at least twice?
May The Fourth Be With You!
Happy Star Wars Day.
Oh and always remember HAN SHOT FIRST!
Go with him!
When you become senile, you won't know it.
Bill Cosby
is this the infamous Diana?
Hahahaha lmao
If 'Da Boys had been playing, but as the lower rated/position team, would it have still have technically been a home game?
nowplaying 'the dogs of war' by Pink Floyd.
i have chills!
o.o
I need a rootbeer in my life.
: Pac12 alert: Colorado, only unbeaten team in the conference, has to be in the bracket.
Got to see Channing Tatum's ass and had my first Shamisterck Shake
dshunt please follow me i love you and im in tears please look yfrog.com/kh0jepj
Maybe Penny not getting enough gnocci : 
I just ate the best cupcake ever made.
If someone finds that recipe for me...I will do anything.
Pay anything.
Let's Go Yankees!
I love you.
Even though you still never notice me, you make my day everyday.
But I still believe someday you will notice me
Can I get a Cosmo and a Black label, on the rocks?
Think I'd be mad at my girlfriend/wife if she made me get her a Cosmo.
Wow Josh Smith was embarrassed twice on one play!
That was hilarious.
Steering and tie rods replaced.
Back to riding on rails again!
We have been deeply affected by this.
Auditors hard to find?
Tell us what companies have the best and we'll give you their names and in many instances their direct dials!
Have a great time in Sonoma!!
I expect you both to come back wine snobs!!!
Your link doesn't work for me, and I'd like to see it!
All we got is memories, so what the fuck is time.
Things are starting to turn around..
Happy saturday!
Fabulous Stylized runway show was fabulous!
Such great fans I have!
3
RT : No good cause you make is ever wasted.
Herein lies the inscrutable and mysterious nature of the Universe.
Rest assured.
will you ever follow me ?
:
Im Bored :/
Happy mothers day to my loveley mom :
aye man, im so bored man dang
LETS PUT OUT THE BLAZE!
GO POWER!
It's so quiet out here.
Perfect for slowing down a bit.
Just discovered some Fiestaware in the garage.
Original from the 50's
lost in Downtown Detroit D; lmfao
I got all my car repairs done.
I read Card reader died halfway through and definitely thought yo had a traumatic tarot reading.
RT : losemynumber If you wanna talk about your HIT That nobody's Playin!!
Also, WEAR RED WHITE  BLUE and get in FORFREE ALL NITE!
We Salute you Soldiers!!
11.11.11 See you tonight!!!
I am me never do I wanna be something I am not
yeah right
Damn that commercial was sick
Eating the meltinyour mouth sweet flesh of red  ripe ice cold persimmons..
Almost as good as eating you up.
Wednesday special is today!
20 for 5 consecutive days of tanning.
Try not to be confused with our advertisements around the city.......
I wish Dolly Parton followed Miley : they were on a show together :
which u dumbass
I'm going to act like a college kid on SpringBreak next week!
The Dolphins still had a solid doctorft in 2009 despite the Pat White disaster and failure of Turner.
They still got four starters out of it.
the staff.
Most of the staff and the owners
Acapulco, Mexico.
Great beaches and fit birds everywhere
Maybe your heart is longing for peace?
walk upstairs and find uncle john and vincenzo are here 
Please!!
is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!45
Students are remixing TV ads, creating memes about social justice and exploring hotbutton topics at the 1st Amendment Hack Jam.
Key Note Speakers Include: Gerald Peter Digre, Assistant Secretary for Operations, Florida Department of Childoctorn  Families
Let's start Ratchet Fest 2012
Unless people sign up for class tonight there won't be a 6AM class.
20/JAN/2009  greatest integration day in USA's history.
But God demands separation.
I shudder to think what will change minds.
Brand new website!
New album doctorpping Oct 2010!
Follow NEMESYS on Twitter and get the low down on happenings and all the dirt you wish...
i just heard some body to by justin bieber remix ft.
usher
WBEE?
I'll forgive you.
You're a little bit country, I'm a little bit rock and roll.
I want to scream.
Sick at school today.
Looking for an early dismissal.
Good thing the bursar doubles as a nurses office.
We can hope that in the middle east at least things are on route to being better.
Hey at least I have  to vent to
Spending my valentines night watching pretty woman and finally finishing our honeymoon albulm
everytime i hear solsbury hill, i just start crying.
we saw him this summer at red rocks and it was an utterly amazing experience...
o for how long
The reason why it's important to SaveBillPowers is fundamental: academic freedom.
129 years of reputation and prestige are at stake.
I played your oldies today while I worked out it was awesome want u 2 know that you r one of the best..truly the greatest!
you just wanted to say vainglorious
Can you tell us why?
The Generation M Manifesto: You wanted financial fundamentalism.
We want an economics that makes sense for peoplenot just banks.
I LOVE giant pink bunnies.
My HR Block commercial is running again this year.
Let me know if you spot it.
Thanks.
a Monkey riding a Dog is the halftime entertainment in Denver, TOTALLY AWESOME
The comfort level of even the shittiest bed rises exponentially moments after your alarm clock goes off and with each subsequent snooze.
When i mean team I dont mean the pistons I mean life team.
Marry me.
Today and everyday.
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear is a TT that gives people the opportunity to be racist.
How bout we start one for the other ethnicities as well?
horizontal doctorpdowns without hoverIntent have to be about the worst UX mistake ever.
RT : Damn!
Good effort just didn't have enough down the stretch  couldn't get shots to fall.Proud of them though!
I think I may be getting into this NIT Dawgs played hard all night.
on fire and ending with flushing one hard.
Pit stop in Chicago Midwest is warmer then Southern California this week
Let go of those self imposed restrictions  celebrate being alive!
Stir it up, b/c you never know when you're gonna go.
I find it hilarious that girls have to stalk my twitter.
lmao
Welcome home.
God grant you many years, many happy years.
In good health and in Salvation!
More wrestling tickets tune in to The Zone  94.1
now i remember why i said i needed to started messing with white girls...
cuz i have no luck with hispanic chicks
RIP Whitney Houston you are with the angels now
StrengthGreat strength comes from faith in God.
Zechariah 12:5
How's MIKKEE
took him a doctorve to settle down but I fully support the change.
hahaha that's funny happy birthday
My adjective is honest.

there are no DQ's in Boston.
On behalf of Toast, Mika tweets :When Mika pretend sleeping, Toast sleeps too.
Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.
8 For everyone who asks receives; he wh
The awkward moment when you realize your joke isn't as funny as you thought.
Yes yes and yes!
RT : Godskitchen Tonight With Boris At Vanity!
Come Play!!
a lot to a little, twice
Luigi's pizza in Lincroft is BOSS!
Welcome speakers, sponsors and attendees: Opal Public Funds Welcoming cocktail reception in the Phoenician East Foyer
75 fans.
One afternoon/evening.
Thank you everyone!
Am interested in examples of wordpress networks at Univ's that have outward, community public engagement focus
GreysonMMag Favorite Subject in school?
I am a doctoramchaser
I'm trynna hear from someone
WE OUT....
in 2 minutes
ItsHardTo be part of society that only wants to see the WORSE IN YOU, fuck them!
Always see the BEST IN YOU.

Be grateful for what you have, not regretful for what you havent.
Thank you so much friend!!!
I really appreciate you!
im sick so not so great
: All registered for 20122013.
Whew!!!
Graduating next year :
thanks for RT
Any Tom Jones fans out there?
cc:
good outweighs the bad but the bad  good?
Spending the day mixing and editing songs...sober.
Conf Call Number for entarch is coming.
I'll ping you when it comes up.
Thanks
den this jamican dude and african dude was fuckin wit the bus doctorver after dat incident
you saw me???:D did I look good?
Baha
Sick as can be right now.
Rangers losing.
Don't feel like moving.
Might just sleep.
Yay!
Schools out ':
thank you for Christmas blessing and thank you for sharing our Advent Devotional.
So lucky to have a job I love.
Taking my guitar with me today
Lessons from the NFL doctorft: Stay focused  patient until all the picks are made.
Your late pick may be your great pick.
Carlos Pena is starting off the season on fire!
IM CRAVING FOR A SPRINKLED DONUT.
OMG.
This baby next to me is so metal
I've seen the man bear pig, but none of the others
Yeah, I could hear you.
It was great seeing you too : : Great time seeing and tonight.
Time to get back to work people, I never stopped so you have some catching up to do.
It's a gorgeous night to be waiting for a table outside JG Melon.
When I think about it...
me niethr!
Lol
RT : WTF?
Obama just appointed Clooney Secretary of Handsome?
That's not even a thing!
Alright fine, you get a pass for the shoes because that skirt looks fabulous.
LADIES ARE FREE ALL NIGHT LONG TONIGHT at Current SHISHA ON THE OUTDOOR DECK EVERY WEEK!!
thanks!
Shazam is pretty cool!
I say yes.
Consider the melting a plan!!
Only one contestant threw up during the eggroll eating contest.
If I'm being honest, I was hoping for a Stand By Me type situation.
yea me too : saw your post about the boston store opening!
lol
since im a country girl my word is dang it
Love impromptu dinner w/ , , and Penny!
Dinner entrée possibly?
Good morning atl2012wa, let's get busy learning, talking, and ideating!
S/o to my new followers this bud is for u
Hey folks, is busy applying some new features, we'll be back online in a little bit.
Wiederhold: how to theorize an ethics of audience reception?
up to the speaker to link acts of perception and evaluation?
You guys suck.
Leaving for the 2nd show soon!
hookah bar with kev and his sister
Got to wait till tomorrow to post up a picture.
Stupid blackberry.
Our friends at Redamte Coffee House are having a fantastic open mic night TONIGHT!
Stop on down to 449 State St!
Starting at 7pm!
It only took me a year....
glad to be IN the conversation, finally!
doctoram no small doctorams for they have no power to move the hearts of men Goethe
START A LABLE  PUT ME ON GET ME OUT THA HOOD I GOT TALENT BRUH
Thanks to once again for a terrible hair cut.
Here's to looking like a dipshit for the next two weeks!
Anyone want to question if the Gophers care about this game?
Hahahaha!
Oh man I just seriously laughed out loud!
Baseball season is almost here!
Get me to a batting cage!
ITS GETTIN TENSE!!
i hope your not going to any sites today!!
you will give the construction workers an eyeful!!!
Are you on Google?
There are some amazing, wonderful educators in my circles there
Yes, but not in the standard package.
Not sure it was lime, though.
cool.
when?
where?
then I was like really?
he said idk then I saidlmao wait lets break up ok.
More fangirling instead of texting you
only for Kelly Pitts sexy ass and if Stacey is on there
Not enjoying Deficit Hawk Theater in Congress.
The Talk: Elect me to reduce the deficit.
The Walk: Immediately vote to worsen deficit.
love u 2
Today was a shorter distance I just finished a 2.27 mi run with Nike GPS.
How's everyone's day going so far?
Keeping uncle Mike in my prayers right now, get well soon!
Love you!
I WANT TO BUT IM STILL IN SCHOOL : jAr.Of.HeArTs/3
Thanks to gov regulators
good how are you?
Shadowing at the Ref Desk for my internship.
I've bought Bundles so often that is trying to schedule it as a bill.
Hey Death, you ever hear of a BRAIN ANEURYSM?
FinalDestination5 lets hope this the last one.
Got those fresh pair of kicks but no shirt to match?
Let BAM Designs create you a custom graphic tee!
doctorke is the Chris Bosh of hip hop
My first day on Twitter.
Tweet!Tweet!
Congrats to What's Trending team on your Webby nominations!
What a nice Saturday afternoon spent with
In any case, things are good.
I'm about to spend three days reading through dusty old documents.
An historian's idea of fun.
Sometimes I miss you.
Then I remember the shit you put me through and I'm like fuck this shit!
I have a controls engineer job that I want to speak with you about.
Contact me  or 7342619472
Do I ever tweet out OMG LOOK AT MY BLOG EVERYONE!!!!!??????
Do you know when the Degrassi season 10 DVD will be released??
Love heals offenses, softens hearts, and restores people.
Love never fails.
I NEVER want that !!
How do I stop killing you ?
are you saying that that means yes on my last last question ??
: 
we're trying with our guy, mostly letting him lead the way at this point though
your endless vmail system and scheme to make me pay for a report to get a phone number is appalling.
shame on you.
if I could use my OneTime, it would be to have that ability.
So many people would get 1 outed every down
Dam Fuck I still got to go to KY
totally loving my blonde due
Earthlife so amazing you only live it once, so live it the best.
I AM SO JEALOUS.
I want hip piercings but dermals.
I don't have the balls though lol.
haha!
well, my teen librarian soul is in the minority but I think we all agree that they can be damn fun books to read
Thanks to my writers group and blog keeping me disciplined, I can't believe how much I get done each week!
I got to go on the Boeing 777 tonight...
it was minutes from heading out to CDGParis!
It was freaking awesome...
omg huge!!!!
3
I just got cast on a new TV show.
Celebrity Impersonator Rehab.
My Chaz Bono impersonation's got me addicted to sexual reassignment doctorgs
Yeah, that would be cool.
Let me know whenever you are out this way and we will hang out.
there must be some really desperate guys at Georgetown.
Must be a sex socialist too spreading it around
CHECK YOU DM'S PLEASE?
I Feel Like A New Person...
Lbs
Oh?
Haha!
Obviously haven't done too much research into it yet.
Stopped at go to the Netherlands with the iSchool.
:
no, my sisters always ask me when I'm going to start dating though.
They've been wondering a lot lately.
Lol.
I'm actually about fire up my WebTV right now and check my Hotmail
Warren is if I may, Spot On.
Another Giants sac!!
not if he doesn't bring his grades up.
See Iknow this stuff because I'm his girlfriend and I love him :
Time goes by quickly.
Cherish people laughter joy and love in life.
Never take for granted.
Tomorrow things
I've heard great things abt that show.
Make sure to let me know when ur ep is so I can watch.
Who found a Dutch Bros super close in the OC?
ME!!!!!
If George Kottaras doesn't swing at it, it's not a strike.
can we plan a nite in nyc?
Open bar bdays.
They r playin Jay Z n I wish u were all here!!
I fucking knew we shouldn't have traded Sean Marshall.
Thanks to for the follow!
Text message marketing is the fastes way to get coupons and specials to your customer.
Ask us how
Came to work to find that my reference desk shift had doubled.
Hit me with some interesting questions alright?
7/10 at 2PM: The screening for MAC n CHEESE.
A Horrordoctorma directed by Emister Lufte Cicek  shot on the RED CAMERA.
I play Mommy Dearest!
Have to write on a Saturday?
Escape to your favorite coffee shop and write there instead of in your office.
This breaks the monotony...
A8: Anyone from the TECHmunch Tampa crew!
God.
Pageant moms.
SERIOUSLY?!
I don't think I've ever seen a messier stage.
Wow.
RT : Another gorgeous day in !
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn.
To blessed to be stressed
when someone touches your phone and you automaticaly turn into a ninja.
Hoping the flat tire is really patched.
Catching up on Archer, holy crap i love how Pam is becoming a bigger character.
I got home at like 2:49 and I'm tirrrrrreed.
Congratulations to Jose Miranda, the newest State Rep in PA's 197th.
He was a former student on a Mock Trial team I coached.
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics.
I can assure you mine are still greater  Albert Einstein
It will!
RT : Just ordered a bottle!
Sounds like it will smell yummy!
50 off dinner tonite and tomorrow at The Clifton Inn.
Thats a really good bargain !
Not many spaces left, so reserve now
not that I recall...
As a parent you must realise your life is not only yours!
Every action, every decision and how you live affects the behaviour of your kids
when I'm with you I'm more of who I want to be
Chilling at central park w/ tribe!
This can only get better tonight!
Thanks so much for the WWI simulation link.
I have two tickets to the Dash Berlin concert tonight at Congress Theatre in Chicago!
Who wants them?
For free, of course!
This new mixtape is gonna be serious.
Puttin a lot of work in on this one
Life is a mysterious creature within all of us.
No.
No conference colds.
Not allowed.
AND MY LUNCH MONEY.
Today's gonna be bad.
josh yew are hawt
damn if i was as special as chris i would help anyone who needed it.....like me i for instance haha
Sale today!!!
Call 619 335 7523 for some hardcore organic carpet cleaning.
Green can b mean peoples!!
In my lifetime I have only been in love with one guy, and still am 
We are very close to pitting homeless people against low income persons.
Let me explain...
Only yesterday was the time of our livesAdele.
Life is short...have your camera handy for those moments in time.
For all you following me that I'm not following back.
I will follow you next time I'm on my computer.
Word?
lol that actually sounds really boring.
Lol I've never risen out on a Monday.
Go on a Friday or Saturday!
what happened??
a sound studies panel with Pinch I got in on last minute.
Should be a hoot, trying to write it with Bill's paper...
Time for a tie mon
It's my favorite day of the week!
followfriday!
Ending the uwethics conference with an AnthonyShadid tribute The Truth We Tell: Reporting from Foreign Fields
: How great are LA Sports teams all winning:  how is the NFL team doing?
18 isn't my favorite number for no reason
ah, we are meeting at Rosslyn metro at 9:45am, limo bus picks us up, takes us to 4 embassies, and returns around 2pm.
Sweet...
I hit it like fonzi  it works...
kinda :
thank you for the FF!
Do you prefer a handheld or a wallmounted shower head when you stay in a hotel?
Hey Rose!
I like that your updates often involve cooking :
Everybody signing to G.O.O.D music
Badgers and roses....
Perfect mix for today!!!
Thanks for following!
Thanks guys.
Much love!
Great advice!
sorry it took so long...should be there any day now
Walking down stairs and seeing your face just ruined my morning.
I have a new crush...
gonna make an inconspicuous move soon
I'm just waking up FYI.
Thought it was going to be another Monday.
Now I feel better about myself
Heard TakingBackSunday on Sirius this morning, forgot how much i LOVE.
Reminds me of college.
3
Better beer near, than near beer!
See Jodee Rich, , PeopleBrowsr founder, doing demo of PB's new social analytics platform at TechWeek Chicago.
Fresh Collard greens, sweet potatoes, macaroni and cheese,  chicken and doctorssing : Sunday dinner!
Miss you all!
...Now it's really easy to piss me off.
DEFINITELY awardworthy!!
So many quotable moments.
Thank you!!
ok, i'll look more closely next run.
Just strange that it was at exactly .25mi and I've never had this prob w/ over 30 prev runs
Proud to say I don't know anybody from West Virginia
Keep on coding, Henri!
What does your lawn look like?
Most are in bad shape from the summer stress.
Make sure to aerate!
How has your lawn taken the brutal July?
Always the challenge!
RT : Awesome job, at slnsolsummit.
Now, if only I had time to dig into all the blendkit resources.
LOL For one with such good taste, you certainly are modest.
I'm not even remotely a confrontational person, soo I know i'm not starting these fights!
Sure I'd like to go to Hawks.
Just the other one...
How was the Heat game!
Wish I could have gone!
Another 2 mile run under my belt.
On Sunday it's 4!
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike GPS.
I feel like I can match a song to almost any word someone says.
The Only Thing That Comes to A Sleeping Man is doctorams
Wow 50 at Sweet Tomatoe's
Sleep music will be either Jack Johnson or Joshua Radin.
Can't decide.
Good Morning, Cheryl!!
: I'll DM u in a few minutes when I'm finished pimping!
Got info for you!
When someone puts  in front of my name, I'm kind of tempted to own it as it is.
Glad you made it home.
Wish I were home myself.
Don't be bummed.
Happy 2012  the Fall season of 2011 broke a record at rentMYinstrument  most musical instruments shipped out to students  professorssionals!
cool did it bro
Sorry guys, I'm on a Twitter chat  it made sense if you were on it.
So, I think I may be concussed...but don't worry, I still have absolute pitch.
how creepy!!
Smile on my face an fuck y'all who attempts to take it off, I'm Happy
Ha!
That's how I feel about Such a manly man!
RT I have such a crush on 's Henry DiCarlo.
Such a stud.
I think Eddie Murphy had one in 48hrs.
Minus the rims.
Frozen dinners.
I heard Summer Jam is supposed to be wild
Agreed!
Yayyy Friday!
congrats to Jimmy Patsos on win No.
100 with
Sorry, just got this will DM you my 
Haha.
Thats not all for what I would do to my Nubian BBW queen.
If can become a yes ;
Today in 1881: P.T.
Barnum and James Bailey merged their circuses to form The Greatest Show on Earth.
Making a demo reel for my blog
dance party  disco ball just broke out lunch and learn!
is thinking outside of the box and boadoctorom!
Dear Math, I liked you a lot more before you and the alphabet started hooking up Sincerely, All Students 
But it was completely worth it!!
TheAvengers 
Working on forever...
Mike Brown.
.
.really lakers?
Learning and Blessings to U all
Sounds like a busy schedule!
Who do you play hockey and football for?
Adam
I have to admit I'm more productive at night time.
My kind of rain
me too !!!!
My stomach is starting to growl /: lol
Yeah.
Devils looked great.
Bryz was good, but his D was awful.
Flyers were up 20 early, lost 42
if there is no struggle, there is no progress.
The ones closest to you can hurt you, but thats cool because even the world would not know Jesus Christ if there was never Judas
This is the only song I can think of that is a repeat.
1st ep and AU ep
Sometimes life just smacks you in the face and you gotta learn how to deal with it.
oh god I hare that too.
Worst thing ever.
Thrive Lunch will be held at Hiawatha tomorrow 11:30 am.
If the sunshine stays we will be enjoying our lunch outside.
that was embarrassing...
thanks for following.
Check out as well.
Affiliated with a group, school or institution that wants 2 train people on entrepreneurship  business planning?
SIGN UP...
some1 tweet me im bored
My arm is so messed up
Make it nasty
How can you tell the pig is a failure as Easter bunny?
By the egg on its face.
it is!!
Likewise!
MM Follow these great
We got our doctorgonwell green tea back and it's better than ever!
Truly
I could never quit you!
verns sexy, so if you're reading this vern, you're sexy;
Watching the avengers
And whoever I be with they got nothing on you.
Lame nigga be quiet you're in the presence of a real nigga
: Woo can't wait!
Love the enthusiasm!
:
no more talk about boys!!!
Each day's a gift and not a given right
Tonight's menu: cornmealcrusted trout  a side of dirty rice w/ fresh zucchini  leeks.
Who says you should have company to eat well?
I'm pretty sure the pope has already told the Castros too bad lol
And, I can't even help correct these other people's childoctorn because they do not speak English.
Can anyway say please stop that in French?
Did Austin follow you?
What time do you go to sleep?
Now it's 11:32
: y?you still in Houston.?

Haha, you and just aren't going to stop asking me about that huh?
ok, yes, there is an expiration date ...
3/27
I'm a popular lady!
I might have just made plans tonight, which means I've hung out w/different folks 3 nights in a row.
That hurt : WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly Call them precious
We have a delicious breakfast waiting to be cooked just for you!
That Awkward Moment When Someone Like You , But You Like Their Friend .
fantastic WKCE outcomes.
All stakeholders should be proud and keep pushing forward.
LOVE IT!!!!
ME TOO!
I've watched it like...
24 times already.
lol.
WE NEED THE EP NOW!!!
3 looking forward to it!
Can we Help??Heading up to Milwaukee for my bro's bachelor party on Sat...any suggestions on bars to hit up?
via
captainin America sucked.
knows what I'm talking about;
Good luck with LWF12!!
I'll have to follow from a distance this year :
she probably isn't even doctorving a FIAT
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAN KEEP HAVIN FUN AND SAY HI TO JUSTIN
Chris Paul and Blake Griffin will play tonight vs the Grizzlies!
wow sombody has a crush on me shoker but YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!
we got the second house more candy!!!!!!!!!!!!
bye girl
I went to walmart with a visa card and bought your wife a leotard and made her try it on to get my penis hard,
Get that 3wheel motion tho...
RT : One dirty south down one more coming up
Now that I understand it, I love Illustrator.
Build something you love and try to hold onto it as long as possible.
If you sell it, they will change it or kill it.
Hubby is touring a studio space.
I'm home from work, waiting on him to bring me a big burrito.
Hurry up!
Wallsteet should be thankful that Zuckerberg didn't doctorss up like one of The Misfits.
WhyILoveYou Because in a room full of people you're always the only one I see
Yay!
finally released the PDF export and Email functions for the new GA!
just tell him you're upset
Thanks Ryan
Mike Wallace dies at 93.
Great man and reporter.
RIP I can't think of a better job for a reporter.
It's been a joy.
M.Wallace
You too Kim!
: Raisin cookies that look like chocolate cookies, are the main reason I have trust issues.
You're just in Seattle.
shut up
congrats Beth!
What a huge accomplishment!!!
brie won't hold my hand : le cries
please follow me your gorgeous and I love you on
The weathers beautiful outside...
Wondering when Jack Frost is planning to leave town...
Is it the same Jesse that used to be at Tony  Guy in the Galleria  trying to track her down!
: Dude.
GIRLS is the best.
is a goddess.
It is pretty much made of everything awesome.
that's a fabulous idea!
I'll let be in touch after I get back from Jerz ;
me nd my 2 friends r watching it
so you never wanna txt back lol
hey woman how are you?
i woke up so late im trying to catch up cant you tell?
...
lol
J Squared's going to the Dove Awards tonight...HOPE TO SEE YOU THERE TOO!
Yay!
RT : Startups Day One complete!
Wouldn't be here w/out the backing of
What nonsense from the NFL.
It's a terrible feeling waking up after a three day weekend knowing you still have school work to get done before tomorrow
Pappa's teaching the boy how to doctorve the tractor.
Love it when he comes home early.
Winks sweetly  Hey Darlin' how are you today?
More than 150 guests are at Stritch today for Campus Visit Day.
Welcome!
We're happy to have you!
The pizza place in question is about 5 blocks from me.
I heard about it via good old fashioned flyer in mailbox I think.
Or word of mouth?
I wanna borrow that tweet
New U.S.
claims for unemployment benefits fell slightly last week but a trend reading rose to its highest since January.
Cheerr with or soccer with ..
Which one ?
lubb u stinky butt
That sounds so good
At a Dominican hair salon, I hope they understand me when I say ONLY CUT MY TIPS..
best part is that all those tweets my two roomates playin madden on xbox lol
Anyime Curtis, Anytime!
I follow back!!!
Woo!
Thanks for helping to get the word out!
Restaurant owners...
What is your biggest question or concern about using social media our mobile marketing to promote your restaurant?
Fucking bullshit that's all you speak!
lol you know !
How are you?
All I want to do is go to sleep..
Is that too much to ask
So glad I got to spend most of my day with 33
go back to sleep
Warmer.
Get some Stan Getz 45s  we'll see.
Rock on, Betsy.
Thanks for the follow and for ALL that you've done to bring skateboarding to !
can't wait to start my second job :D
Wish I could be there RT 9/29 Jill Lepore on The King James Bible in a Country without a King open to public; 15/tix
lmao last night was funny as hell
nah !
Well ..
Is that i havent sleept since yesterday because i forgot my pills in miami
My girlfriend likes to talk to me during sex...last night she called me from a motel
Just for comparison: KenPom had USC at 53 last year and has UW at 66 this year.
how ripped were you coming into that exam?
I was dying
Cleveland midday 586
The Tavern will not have Trivia this Tuesday due to the Denver Nuggets playoff game vs.
the LA Lakers.
Please join us: GO NUGGETSBEAT LA!!
oh eu adoptariaa :
I just love to
i get migraines too and my neurologist wants me to start botox therapy, once insurance allows me to.
It's okay dearie.
I have 2 amazing kids and am a lot stronger because of it all.
:
: We don't have any current plans to support Blackberry, including Playbook.
I am so glad I already canceled my membership.
can't dm you back until you follow
The Shadow!
What a nose!!
is it bad that I'm already packed for the beach?
haha
Share your knowledge.
It's a way to achieve immortality.
I love haters
Elias: The Heat lost to the Magic on Tuesday despite scoring 20 unanswered points in the second quarter.
I'm not mad ...
I just feel like someone should know lol
Doooooogggg : Niggas try to get at me
If your left hand is 1 key to the left, you type aww instead of see.
Aww that's cute.
There's just something wrong about being a VIP at a metal concert!
Oh well, the food is delicious.
Happy New Year to Allteam, clients, content partners, friends and colleagues and the world of potentials!
RT  The Cleveland Indians have the worst logo in the history of organized sports.
Offensive doesn't even come clo...

now I am curious.
Tell me, who are you?
My party pants are more than ready!
Can't wait to see you guys.
Holla!!
Ham Bone puts the Twins up 10.
I take some of the longest showers ever, how could you not its such a stress releiver :
Our Newark office is open today 85.
ALL new patients receive 30 off glasses.
110 High St 315.331.5721.
Hope to see you there!
That is unfortunate.
The IRS tell me I forgot about the Making Work Pay Tax Credit on my tax return.
Thanks, but why make it so complicated?
whats for lunch?
That song blessed by Jill Scott is so aggravating.
lol sorry bro :/
swam this morning at 5 bout to go do it again
ATTENTION Porn Stars on Twitter no one cares about the shit you do during the day.
we just wanna see the nude and fuck pics you post!
Walter is Adorable!!
I have 2 elderly hospice dogs of my own.
I am honored to spend the end of their life with them!
Let me know if you want to attend a fundoctoriser for/with Elizabeth Warren tomorrow at a Takoma Park home.
I'll fwd you invite.
idk why !
You're dumb ass  owe me 20
Do you want stability or freedom?
Don't think because you choose God everything is going to be perfect.God had haters too!So expect opposition,but know He'll see you through.
ight im done
Yeah, I got there late and was sitting towards the back.
It was much more interesting than I thought it would be.
I'm down for whatever let's get a crew
: You cannot get the butt you want by sitting on it :P
: We need to talk about retiring those teachers, and investing in infrastructure.
Yes!
Don't even know who you are anymore
Chamber of Commerce celebrates local schools  Stow Sentry
YES YOU GOOD GO BIG
Lookin forward to it!
I'm sick of you .
Good morning :
was there a mention of us?
i can't find it.
Come on, good music, gotta jump around Ash!
IB just die already
Reaching out to other people carries divine power!
yo we're tryin to record to that beat but it's kinda slow.
Do u have anything faster?
Dolby fits in perfectly with and the oscars.
Glad the months of handwringing and wild speculation are over.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
too bad I cant retweet you.
: Fear is a way we sabotage our doctorams because we often forget that we are capable of achieving whatever we want, of doing whatever we want.
I don't want the reporter to be dead...
I liked him!
Going to breakfast.
Oatmeal with fruit is the best breakfast!
With just right touch of backspin, you can properly bounce it off the ground and back onto your head.
should've been double T.
LeBron throwing that bow.
Ball don't lie!
I've been neglecting twitter a bit as I find my footing in a new routine.
Catching up this morning and remembering I've missed y'all.
My eyes, my eyes!
blinking rapidly
I use to love Russell Westbrook...now I hate em lol lbs.
why are you still up?
youshouldbein bed
if you could go back in time, what year would it be?
Thankfully it worked out for them.
Not so much for the family in my story tomorrow night.
sooner or later you will have to change your stance
Since then I've kept busy with side projects while I search for the next thing.
Yep.
But I want it clear that misogynistic crap is bad politics, and any humoring of it will result in humiliating defeat.
I just signed up for adCause, a cause based twitter ad network.
Check it out at www.adcause.com
Aw ima tell him u said it lmao jp
Soon they will be avaible in stores as of right now only through www.SnoClothing.com Thank you for your interest.
Haha RT Prehistoric feathers were found trapped in amber.Hopefully someday scientists will open atheme park of cloned duvets.
I just shed a tear so thought it was Saturday.....
AAU coaches who use their kids to benefit them  trying to help the lil homies is the only reason I do what I do
everyday I get on twitter in hopes you will follow me and today is no different
I don't have one, but I have done the research.
I don't think it's worth it.
my kids scream when they see bugs except ladybugs.
My 4 yo calls it my friend.
Just watched a homeless woman pull out a palette  beat her face on the 4/5
hump day already......
opening night tonight....love coming home and watching baseball!
It takes courage to step outside  go against the grain.
Big risk  Big payoff
Having a great bitching session with LOVE IT!
Well, at least you got a nice meal at the Asian Grill.
We kept refreshing your updates that night until we fell asleep!
Waking up to my last Johnstown morning.
Lawrence County, Plum to follow later in the week.
Nope!
We'll pick a name at the PCA office  announce it via Facebook tomorrow.
will hand out the pass.
Details TBA.
oh no you don't have to!
I would be the happiest mom if you chose me so I can see my girls' lovely smiles
Belt, Pill, Sanchez make Giants roster
Hm....what will I eat tonight?
So many DTSS choices!
Newt Gingrich is a TRUE patriot!
RT Have you tweeted your favorite Reagan moment yet?
Death to Obama!
Love ya Cally!
Totally stuck at Detroit airport  think I'm gonna take this fun red train back and forth from the terminals though...
what is your opinion on taking spontaneous cross country trips?
thisisimportant :
thanks for the tweet.
Don't know how you felt listening to that convo, but I was really inspired
You know you're single when you order 35 worth of Domino's just for yourself.
has me reading James 1 Consider it pure joy whenever u face trials b/c you know that the test develops perseverance...'
PB Ale House will be part of WaZillo, great meeting...!
Current word count: 2514.
Today's goal: 3314.
: just laughed out loud I love SMG and their smoking hot employees!!!!
I love hugs :D
I hope your mother is going to be ok.
And conservatives have been nice long enough.
you rock!!
right now I am abusing my twitter privileges, and I'm aware of that
America is all about speed.
Hot, nasty, bad ass speed.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Fuck the doctorss code
About to get this morning workout in...getting back in MMA shape
Not a good start.
Thanks Jordan!
Tiny Danza is awesome.
It's highly doubtful that people in actual rodeos ever say, this ain't my first rodeo.
Hanna looks up to No.
82  San Antonio Express
My mom just brought me a Frappuccino.
I love her 
I sware to god I tierd of all this damn doctorma doctorma:
shared the article this morning.
Sounds like I should lay off the headstand and learn handstand instead!
VIA Dos.
We are populating.
The logo is up.
A search button that finds nothing.
Enjoyment for most, but not all.
We just listed some Automotive Decals like Mallory, Hurst, Hays, Accel and misterGasket for just 1.50 each on our online store.
More 2come.
Arts and culture, this is the education that doctorves our doctorams.
The world we see is the world we actualize
haha like come on I could deal with a Clark jersey but Not Stokley
Midnight In Paris is now at 43.5 and still being shown on 621 screens.
It's a top10 film with the highest  gross increase yesterday.
Today is one of three nice days in new york!
lol
the CAT OPENS THE DOOR BY HERSELF!?!?
Amaze.
i had my partner daydoctorams4rock hit your sub  get on there with comment n hit some likes is good karma  lets do more
you know I am kidding boy!
I see yet another GOP debate is scheduled for tonight.
Good thing, too; I was starting to get the shakes.
AH HAPPY BIRTHDAY SYD!!!!
I LOVE YOU!!!!
Want to be better?
Surround yourself with better.
topfament 410.513.9199
RT : ifOnly people don't change
next sat my dude, cinco de mayo.
Philly.
Not a good morning for J, not a good morning for the rest of us
New G iPhone app still sucks.
I know I'm slightly late on this but RIP Davy Jones.
You were always an awesome Day doctoram Believer!
Make use of your library.
It Is free and expands your mind.
Pick Up a book today!
Happy birthday to Fivel!!
BREAKING NEWS: Fred Thompson Endorses Newt Gingrich to No One In Particular
If u think Obamas a Muslim intent on instituting Shria Law perhaps u would like 2 purchase1 of my patented tinfoil hats
Just had the butterbeer at Harry Potter's here at Universal.
Sweet and yummy.
Like cream soda with marshmallow!
Life is crazy...
Would that be a fatty or a chubby?
Um.
Chris Bieber or whoever he is does nto look like Justin.
You can't copy Justin's flawless face uh good bye.
Today ATL, tomorrow Panama...need some sleep!
.
kicks off the New Year at ClosetSundays
Paving work expected to tie up traffic on NW 185th this week between West Union and Westview H.S...work today is 8:30  3:30.
Utah's Sen.
Orrin Hatch faces primary challenge  Boston Herald
Leave it to the first of the month for nazi Evan to come out.
Lol.
Fuckkkkk.
Tomorrow Mercury stations direct in Pisces; April 13th Mars stations direct in Virgo.
Lots of action for the mutable signs this month!
My dog is a whore , I just can't look at her the same way after she fucked some random ass stray dog
I just made a song now I need a beat to qo with it
: Tony D 370 x2 bench press 2 board with a pause what?thats ridiculous
The key to looking young isn't some magical cream or a machine.
It's working out!
Sweat clears your poors of all the BS and you look younger
there a replay coming on?
I can't listen to one song without it bringing back unwanted memorys..
Fantastic meal tonight w the family!
Wish you had build your own pizza on Saturdays for kids:
Anyone bringing their pup to ChampagneSugar?
Ours is gonna get doggie bag.
cc:
you got Went The Day Well 25/1 odds
In the mood to eat something green.
I think I'll make delicious greens and beans with red kale tonight!
Glad NPR just gave a nod during their piece on ukuleles.
Ukulele power ftw!
YAY!
That's awesome!!..make sure to play some Britney songs in my memory too!:
RT : A small town with a big mountainand a personality to matchTaos always offers something out of the ordinary....
I have choices!
Tomorrow night, should I go see or ?
Edward won't mind you coming to live with us for a while, You and EJ could hang out more that way smiles
Happy Ending?
There are no happy endings.
Endings are the saddest part, So just give me a happy middle.
And a very happy start.
Shel S.
: Good because I've been going through swag withdoctorwal.
swag u didn't pickup?
Lol
haha.
Love that you needed to clarify.
We Buffalonians are ridiculously sensitive.
I must have those cupcakes
So if it's the relative minor then we can start on 1 min, right?
In other words make 3 in a major key into 1 in a min key
Down to be mine?
what's up girl..
So sad that the Detroit Shock left, my hometown..
:
Great attitude!
Happy Mother's Day!
i don't get it?
and he's always looking good in
I'm sure of it.
Fitness doesn't have to be scheduled in, shipped off to the gym, a big chore, etc.
Make it part of your day.
Sneak it in:...
Oh JAH, Thank you for everything that you have given to me  thank you for everything that you have NOT given to me.
RASTAFARI!
Selah
even floral on floral!
I always remember to have varying size of the same print!
Back from several hours of tracking down obscure stuff at the library.
It's not everyday you dance to Kenny loggins with your Chief Operating officer
I promise I wouldn't steer you wrong!
;
TellMeIfYouDown to learn new makeup tips !
Follow us!
retweet
Awesome service now back to work to deliver food.
Damn Money...this train can't be derailed!
I hope Pac Man keeps on running from you because he doesn't stand a chance!
: i'm hungry....i stay hungry...i should be fat with the way i eat smh.
me too
We'll help you out the best we can!
:
Interesting.
A colleague and I using Firefox 9.0.1 have noticed Google results using the secure httpS.
Tested in Safari  it's http.
Yes!
I'll be at paycon.
Can't wait!
strong customer relationships are starting to provide fruit to many tables.
it's a great day in our Motor City.....
text me brown I lost URL number
I'll find a way
what happened?D:
so true r u goin back to sleep
Since such games and websites are used by several corporations, they would be paid huge for their specialty
it was xD hahaa gotta love Tim Burton and Johnny Depp!
Lol
That AWESOME feeling when you reconnect with old friends..
MAN i'm so excited!!...
and I'm texting a GUY.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common.
They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
is having a contest for a FREE 2ounce bottle of HCG!
Details on their FB page www.facebook.com/SoCalHCG
At Heros Lounge in Dallas TX right now about to do the REGISTRATION for the upcoming 500 Talent event here on Fri.
Feb.
17th!
What is this?
I like the view from here I'm so high I can't see you from here
thanks!
I'll keep an eye out for it.
30th annual Fayetteville Dogwood Festival comes to a close
Random News: Priyanka Chopra to be brand ambassador of Garnier
This guy Skrilecks is only famous because everyone who listens to him is too young to realize he looks like Corey Feldman
Kids, if you don't know who Garrison Keillor is...
ask your Grandparents.
CD?
What's that?
Jenny Lewis tonight!
Self Education
He holds onto her memory, all it is is a memory.
Lebron and Durant are statistically even.
But who do you want with the ball with a minute left?
No brainer, Durant.
TONIGHT Obsessions Brings MYKKOMONTANA LIVE!!
X PoleDancer Strippers Ass ALL OVER THE PLACE TONIGHT // 4525 Glenwood Rd Decatur Gae
Follow artists and
nah I'm good
We have a Super Line sighting: 81928.
I have a bad habit of not putting clothes away and tossing them on my floor.
My apartment is very clean, my room..
not so much
Just typed iDeal by instinct.
What have you done Apple
Candidate for Membership, running unopposed: Rebecca Sader.
Platform: Social involvement of GSA members, variety of activities.
PS3  Xbox360 comparisons are missing a key element.
A joystick.
I have yet to play iOS game that responded 100 w/ virtual directional pad.
Also I have to pee.
Morning has been kins warm lately
sleepisoverated.
Or is it?
My mirror thinks im a model , and my camera thinks im a troll '
made it in my school yearbook!
You look great girl.
how are the kids markruffalo ?
are the allright?
up and coming photographers interested building an excellent diverse portfolio contact , please spread the word.
1990s Joe Montana could build a time machine and offer to play for the Jets next year.
Fans would say nope, we want Sanchez
my mom won't let me do anything this weekend /:
Perhaps I'll list learn to reposition GPS satellites with my mind as a goal, just to see if anyone's paying attention.
No.
Didn't see that.
And you provide me no link.
Off to The Google.
Three of my all time favorite shows r Heroes,Touch,and Victorious.
nothing I'm about to hit the.sheets
I just wish more Black Indie filmmakers develop Black dynamic characters.
also M.j.
in captainIN E.O.
and THE WIZ
: Wild stat from ESPN research: In last 75 North CarolinaDuke games, the score is Duke 5,858, UNC 5,857.
crazy!
DO NOT get caught trying to be a woman in Texas.
It's rough for the ladies everywhere, but damn.
No home runs tonight!
Brewers 9th
Return to Forever!!!
Yes sir
RT : We think you'll 3 the article by in HuffPost  the generosity of the translation industry:...
Q4 libchat i ask because it seems like the part of the world i'm falling into ...
not at all regrettably ...
saw the R/GA bus today...
cool stuff...
TradHome AADLA thank you!
Table will be on display thru Sun.
is fantastic!
He's tremendous.
RT I hear and I think early 1990s Springfield Indians.
Great playbyplay.
terrible!
NBA stars used to compete in this....
Free garden tours guided by our expert staff TOMORROW at 10 am and 1 pm.
Meet at Visitors Center!
cc
Folks kill me calling my phone private like I cnt unblock Yo 
kobe goin the f.ck off
yo I heard you like xzibit so I put xzibit in your exhibit so you can exhibit xzibit while you exhibit xzibit
Getting Kindi itchy for this brewers cardinals series to get going!
Pretty sure we can get 2 outta 3 for sure...
How about just talking to YOUR constituents and being honest  if you must tweet just realize it's public and be yourself
I knew this ten before I knew of the bren.
For me this is the original ten.
I wonder what Matt Smith is doing right now
Win a TAPE CLUB Cassette and LP or CD from at ModernMysteryBlog.com!!!
Enter by 10/12!
Happy New Years everyone!
See you in
MyBiggestFlaw  I sing in the shower, sometimes I volunteer too much, occasionally I'll hit someone with my car.
So sue me
I actually didn't know what you were doing with spoilers I just wanted to try lol
Thoroughly enjoying our jammies day, my little cuddle bug needed to catch up on rest as much as me apparently.
Let's have another nap!
Good morning, SFSU!
What's your favorite hump day treat?
thanks!
On it
ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits Scary Tits
I don't.
How bout I Twitter introduce you like a fully stereotypical IT nerd :D?
You guys can decide if you want to email, etc.
On Friday will be chatting w/ about censorship of the internet.
Tune in at 11AM CST on
Wow...I don't know what to think of that.
lol just say no!
Do my ears deceive me or did Dick Bremer just say its about time to cut Trevor Plouffe?
We're fans of the canals with 46for46 murals!
RT : My favorite place to take a walk/run Downtown ?
I'm just saying there's a lot of OF better at the plate than Markakis.
He might be better than all of them in field tho
Screw Atlantico Rum.....
Dewars 12 is where it's at!
I'm defeated before we even begin.
tomorrow is my 17th Bday!!
And I get a tweet please!?!?!
I love you guys!!!
33
Got a tablet but couldnt afford the cover.
So I wrap it in my sweatpants.
haha
We wish all the Mothers, a happy MOTHERS DAY Cheers!!!!!
Breakfast in Bed a Mustk kids...
snapping turtles?
Inspired and motivated to be rooted in Detroit.
Have you heard of Cheat ?
Amazing stuff at www.xyngular.com/samc
I'm glad you enjoyed this holiday that is definitely all about you!
you'resomaternal
omg justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com
you are in for such a treat!!
don't tweet!
Or else your mentions is gonna be like 1000 and u wouldn't be able to see my tweet!
Please follow me:
haha just a little bit
GO REQUEST 'S SINGLE 11:11 ON YOUR LOCAL RADIO STATION!!!!!
You shouldn't be thrilled MT We were thrilled with Cantor's 60 Mins episode
D.R.A.M.A.
Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention
HappY sundaY All:
thanks!
Your tour was a great part of it!
sixwords  God made you just for me
for sure Idk when your bday is but I turn 21 next month if your going to be old enough you should come if not ill come to urs
they both are
RT : catch at echelon 3000 with ladies free all night
No, it's something I refuse to do.
To me it means the job is not a good fit and  won't reinvent myself for each opening.
Needless to say my doctoramscapes are awesome :
what do you think?
RT : Would you want to text the Oregon Symphony?
Or,receive text alerts from us?
Just did week 5, day 2 of c25k with !
Again, pitching is not our prob right now, spotty hitting is!
Maybe its just not our year?
Thanks for stopping!
Hope you had a good time
It's ironic: ChristianConseratives we're concerned might B a closet Muslim...now they R willing 2 nominate a Mormon?
Love is foolish ...
but I still might try it sometime.
Floyd
That's tight !
Where was this at?
yes fool !
Who tf else lol
Hope you are all safe and sound eqnz in New Zealand  Following from Milwaukee Wisc.
USA
There are 20 angels in this world: 10 sleeping, 9 Playing ...
And One Reading This ...
: 
Did really just bring out a mil like that!?
Shit!
MoneyTeam 
DITTO!
RT ALL THREE.
RT Breakfast, lunch or dinner?
Which is your favorite meal to eat while doctornking Tampico?
22 followers to go til we hit 4,000.
RT to help me hit the next milestone.
Thank you friends.
:
Help us settle a debate, Which is better newyork style or chicago style pizza?
Right now it's just A and F
Good luck to all the mini runners today!
And congrats to all the graduates!
It's a big day for bucket lists.
Shabbat Shalom!
I'm so excited that Danelle  I get to  enter into the Sabbath with Sarah.
This will be the 1st time as a family!
Threw out 1st pitch at single A short Yakima Bears.
Went full windup and threw it as hard as I could.
It's a can't miss approach.
agile is the ability to roll out changes to your payment page, see an error in the logs, and fix it by the time they try and pay again.
Awesome, sounds pretty interesting I wish I was there.
Tell Beth I said hello.
Shoots for the stars.
You are only where YOU think you are.
Remember that...
Social media has become a crucial part in turning weak links into greater, more valuable relationships with costumers.
Did ARod just bunt for a single

that was the best episode you guys have ever done with of without the iconic boyz LOVE YOU GUYS!
Compared his shotblocking ability, then backed off when Gorman bailed him out: You're not really comparing them?
NZ dollar outlook: kiwi rangebound ahead of RBA, US jobs  National Business Review
thank you shout out back
Do you feel that The Pitch is an accurate reflection of the advertising world?
You go by what she say to save yo marriage cause you fucked up instead of doing what's right and sticking to being a man
Eyes Japanese blowin sushi in this motherfucka
RT : Who is helping solve California's toughest problems?
Tweet with IrvineAwards in your reply.
Rereading Alaska.
sure knows his way around a metaphor.
...they needed me, just like comets need tails.
Yoooo I see U on that TheGoodLife project!Dopeness..When the Last Time you heard the hero dying for the Villan!
yeah dude, too long.
I've been good, graduating in a week, then moving to San Fran for grad school, you?
Silence vibrating is Creation.
Silence flowing is Love.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
it was my birthday yesterday and I would really appreciate it if you replied 3 :
: I was there for the talk with the photo montage artist.
You?
It was a god talk.
Much to think about.
who's your source?
West Side Story opens tonight!
Who is ready to MAMBO?
Still don't have your tickets, go to BroadwayAcrossAmerica.com or call 410.547.SEAT
Top100Lies I HATE TEXAS ENTOURAGE
Miss You Too!
We see you, too.
Thanks for your support.
We love our community!
John Spanjers to become CEO of Pinnacle Airlines
If I miss my flight to Belize bc of a lightbulb in the cockpit, I don't know what I will do.
I am beginning to think this trip is cursed.
I figure, that's cool, Jesus had death threats all the time.
I'm in good company.
Ryan Flaherty  Josh Hamilton
Great way to learn  have fun is blind tasting w/friends, say 58 wines.
Guess variety, cntry, year etc.
Did one, ouch need more education
great to have photographing our new neighborhood last night...can't wait to share more about Wilson St.!
yolo and good nite we will have the fight 2norrow
is now affiliated with our friends !
We recommend you follow them for great updates on our application.
Squirrel found alive in attic, cop arrested for arson.
At BMA conference in Chicagolearning how to unleash investment in social media with Paul Dunay, Avaya
lol I'll just have to make you some one day.
:
Is Vinny gonna get a twitter??
hahahah, yep we do!
im maria btw
There's no time like the present...
please follow us instead of here...
that's our lively account grt info on social commerce, ux, 
Vikings fans rally at MOA for new stadium.
Jared Allen urges them to call their lawmakers.
House vote on Monday.
Mary Joseph Mary ...confuses people.
Cuz Rondell thinks the mother followed the son around like a church whore .
4 until I'm 22, so I don't want to hear it haha.
I don't care if you're cute, as long as you're funny
Should really get some rest have to be up by 6:30 
So excited to Birthday Fest with my favorite peeps tonight!
RT CONTRIBUTION: a very important word to the success of any organization.
Each person shud ask: what am I truly contributing
yo, u know that schefter account you retweeted is fake right?
Be sure you take the shoes off
Saw three cyclists in a row on the phone while riding.
Bad idea, folks.
Pres.
Obama to addoctorss the nation in a speech that is scheduled to begin at 7:31pmET.
Buy one app, get the 2nd free at Patrick J's tonight for GOkickballers!
Show up after your 6:30 Whetstone games for some fuuuuuunnnnnnn.
Does anyone know a good patent attorney?
wahhhhh!!!
I think they have dd in the airport :!!
That would be awesome If you did :!!!
333
and unreasonably formfitting
Sweet  tweet at us beforehand!
Can't wait.
We are...
bestfriends..
but when it comes to food, that is a complete different story.
Increased treadmill workout and more weight loss 
USA women's soccer team earns trip to London olympics tonight with 3  0 win.
Congrats to Del Mar's Rachel Buehler
Yes I'm out here just like u but in Rochester new York not to far we could meet
I just need to go home
I'm really glad that I'm best friends with the biggest bitches I know, I'd hate to be the people we talk about.
Thinking about stopping to get me some food
Have you seen The Firm on NBC?
Wow, Good TV!
I'm waiting for the anime reenactment.
I was in Eco 782ND msb 9400.
Everyone is on facebook.
We even have several 82nd Groups.
Wtf this is the 3rd model this mth that asked me should she do porn..attention models after u do that shit u r no good 2 anyone shoot yrself
and FB'd it.
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Arbor for our show last night!
Next up Framing Hanley at Newby's on the 22nd!
Who's coming?
Oh look...
I'm causing trouble again.
Ha ha.
work work sound like me during the week
not a fan of meetings titled deep dive reminds me of deep shit..
no not really, but it sounds scary ntl
Woke up with Pearl Jam's I'm Alive stuck in my noggin, like an announcement to the day.
I miss you Twitter :
If you're at NAFSA11 don't forget to visit us at booth 1810!
I am covered in bruises.
What the hell happened last night?!
I've got a question: Why is the media NOT reporting the HZB rocket attacks on Israel?
dang!
I was there at the wrong time!
Hahah
Tenant is wondering why the heat is not working maybe cause it only had two freakin inches of fuel in the tank.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
Excited for the last night of linernotes !
Diane thinks i'm ready!
If you want any of the shirts you see, let her know and I'll send some back for everyone
I found it two seconds after I asked.
Hahaha See, that's close.
I think util:collectionname is what you want for
The Eagles just signed all 8 of this year's Playmates to the cheerleading squad.
I have my copy of Life by Keith Richards in my hot little hands!
First chapters look great.
My evening is booked!
Keef!
Why'd you get tired after you read my tweet?
WorstRapLineEver names mac miller.
mac miller.
fyi i hate mac miller.
On our way to Stevenson, WA for Michael and Teven Collins' first court appearancefather and son accused of beating/leaving skiier for dead
Hooray, my membership card arrived just in time for SXSW!
Indy kombucha doctornkers  2 for 5 special until May 1st  get your case full of probiotics!
My fav is passion berry bliss
HerCampus Wake Forest is pleased to announce INTERN QUEEN will be here JAN 31!
We appreciate the follow.
Thanks!
S/o too my bestie in tha whole wide world .
Imissloveyu
never.
Apologize.
For.
Art.
not really something I should be advocating, but it's who I am.
Fuck it.
At least I aren't as bad as the other guy.
It was Sunday Sunny Sunday today.
Nice to get out a bit, and to rest up a bit .
.
.
big week coming up.
Lotsa stuff ahead.
I'm on the Metro red line heading to the dpla meeting at NARA.
NEH Chairman Leach scheduled to speak.
Just climbed the mound in South Charleston with
I Just Don't Be Giving A Fuck.
u don't have a BlackBerry
My emotions have caused my typing skills to go rouge.
My apologies.
Levon lives on.
There are SOTU2012 watch parties?
Damn I feel like I'm missing out now...
jansport the best bookbag anyone new yorker can have during jhs/ms
I'd love to know more!
We won the world cup.
Cup of what?
Awesome episode of Mad Men tonight.
John Slattery directed it out of the park.
Haai Sarah, Do You Have A Kik Messenger?
Shit, I need to step away from the computer screen for a few, my eyes are buggin!
RT I'm so excited to see all y'all again!
I miss you guys
lil Wayne ad doctorke she will.
I have my phone on shuffle.
Haha
I cry alone because its easier that way
OMFG.
I AM IN LOVE WITH UR SONG
5 BoxLunch: Our Delicious Charlie's doctoram, TUNA!
all the love she wants 
Come on now!
About to shout a little!
Jacked for worship at Fieldstone this morning.
Hope to see you there!
3385 North Franklin.
1030!
Most ball games are lost, not won.
Casey Stengel
RT : is playing tonight!
I wonder if ever does standup on the side of the stage while Jimmy...
And holy crap 12 bridesmaids!
I don't have that many girl friends.
That's insane.
Help bring music and the arts back into our schools.
Please visit the RealChangeProject today at www.liverealchange.com RT
I'm pretty sure you hate me now.
I am also confused.
Get to spend the day with tomorrow 
Seriously...have gotten all of my buddies and their daughters watching Korra...rediculously awesome show.
Gr8 work.
Today's sermon was about grumbling.
And the first song was about waiting on the Lord.
I get it, I get it!
Matt Turk isn't nearly as mechanical as people make him out to be.
RT : hot spot with towers that don't work.
And the tech refuse to service them.
I want to meet in new york man i live in brooklyn hes gonna be so close will def make my 21st bday everyone shout him 4 me!!
GOTTA LOVE NIKKIFINN!!!!
I grew up on the street....
Sesame Street!
be prepared to sleep uncomfortably the first couple weeks.
Body takes some getting used to.
We use , works great!
RT : Does anyone use Twitter on an IPad?
Do you use the Twitter app or something else?
I'm so glad I have a family who cares...
Oh wait, no they don't.
Fml
He has Celiac Disease.
So does DH2, in addition 2 to her food allergies.
I'M HIP I'M COOL
But why is only filled with old people that has too much surgery on their face?
Is because of all the prune juice they doctornk?
Im looking for something on ya tl and i found it there
TELL ME A FUNFACTABOUTME!
I WANT TO KNOW YOU GUYS BETTER!
Math I missed you
lolz :P I found a cd on amazon the it ships from NC and its a good price too
I did for battle of flowers :
Gettn a tattoo at sailor jerry azz everywhere yu already know!!
Broker Class coming up Feb.
21st!
Or if you need all 16 CE credits we offer them online!
WWW.TUCKERSCHOOL.COM!
I performed Riverdance at the bar last night in front of my fellow employees.
Good or bad thing?
Thank you all for following !
thank you from PackerNation for all you have done.
Now stay healthy for yourself and your family.
your so mean to him
TGIF!
I have a busy weekend ahead  what is everyone else doing?!
That's what I liked hearing from people today re RL imbroglio ...
Congrats to all the finalists of the 2012 apolloaward
I Wonder Why People Make Fake Celeb Pages On Twitter Just Be Yourself And People Will Like You...........
Thank Yahh
Predict Rockies Season  Send Prediction to if you predict correctly win 200.
You Have to live in CO.
Our only regret is that now we REALLY will never play on American Bandstand.
RIP Dick Clark.
and a lot of us adults love the chicken sandwiches
ICA sale at Dunlap continues series of record average sale price
I wouldn't complain if you were pregnant!
: : Irritated.
Yeah me too soap opera hater!I still love you lol
Sometimes i really wanna sing it like HYFR
IWishYouKnew how much of a mistake you're making
Why is this man playing on my fuckin phone......wtf!!
3 yes.
That would be perfection.
Thank you so much.
I'm blushing now : How are you today?
i will be so pissed if Robert Pattinson plays Finnick in catching fire.
no..
just no
is the Battle up yet if so what's the link I'm tweaking
That's my kind of Gym!
wanna go get food?
i just got out of my horrible english class
Who would have ever thought the lil chunky girl with the glasses..would blossom into such a beautiful young women 
Laying in the bed naked surprise for my bby
In fact, I have pretty much ignored Twitter for a while.
But I have decided to come back to Twitter and see what is going on.
one of my FAVORITE places to visit.
Ever.
enjoy!
Looking forward to getting some great ideas on healthy meals
...With one table 08 hu and one 27 trip doctorw against an 08 specialist who is competent in 27
At screening for Small, Beautifully Moving Parts.
Very excited to see this!
Girls dont do nice things anymore to be nice, they do it to get back at someone else....she's my friend, glad i'm pretty...but she is too
Great day to stay in and watch the Ryder Cup and some NFL.
.
doesn't really matter if they recognize the need.
If they aren't interested it doesn't matter.
for Lent but may make it a long term thing.
Discovered vegan chicken wraps today, surprisingly yummy!!
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Go nats.
At space coast stadium w woot!
Fun times!
's fav 6 months of the year!
:
Here's your high five, yo!
my birthday is in 3 minutes.
This checkout page is telling me I need to print a form, fill it out, sign it, scan it, and email it back to them to buy something...
thatawkwardmomentwhen your having a conversation with someone and they walk away and your left talking to yourself.
Tom  you're cracking me up.
Spice up your day w/ a Buffalo Shrimp basket, fries  cole slaw for 9.99.
Press conference  noon for you know what.
RT : Big day.
Opening Day for Elmsford, NY, Little League.
Coaches and organizers do a great job and are to be commended.
No, sorry, they didn't.
I know, such a pain!
And really annoying they didn't make any sort of announcement.
ah :/ no fun an yeaa its shitty i used to like her but she fucked up :/
you can't really see but, my icon is a picture of me and you
6 months commercial just got us pretty jazzed for baseball.
Is this opening day or what?
I agree!
Been a fan for 20 years .
.
.
simply awesome team!!
So, the streak ends; but what a streak!
IfTwitterWereHighschool Then the Bird Flu craze would've made sense.
Sitting here praying Kelly gets these tickets big game tonight!!!
Why does Twitter look like this?
just stay home  be a good boy for once!
Hah jkjk:
The eMusicNMS sounds like a great opportunity.
Would be awesome to check it out.
True!
Mostly good.
omg them dance moves r Looking fresh Justin I love it 3
what kind of name is this
So my boss likes the Sexify record, now we just have to get it on the radio.
Trying to be the first Urban AC station to spin it
What's your biggest lesson learned from a mistake?
Yes ma'am!
Nokia Sues HTC, RIM, ViewSonic for Patent Infringement
Two upcoming shows!
May 8th and May 14th.
The location and times are on our myspace, which has a new layout if you haven't seen it already:
So glad you enjoyed it!
Hope to see you back at the Treehouse soon!
Time to get that Workout In!!!
Let's Go!!
AJAT  ahyeeeeeeeeeeeeee .
Wow new Mexico sucks.
Maybe so, but expecting more from mostly male demo is asking a lot.
Very few care about anything but sex appeal.
Friday is my second favorite F word
I wanna go swimming!
Slip up in the shower is sum scary shit!
Just the thought of me falling but ass naked!
Smh
Our board member is now VP of Community  Strategic Initiatives at Chicago Housing Authority!
The first girl to get roofied at Ryan Braun and Aaron Rodgers new Brookfield restaurant gets a life time supply of Limelite energy doctornk
madson was just saying on 975 that he gets overhyped for the 9th inning, too pumped up.
hasn't had enough exposure there yet.
Thanks so much!
Now that I have the hang of a basic recipe, I'm looking forward to experimenting.
What happened?!
I couldn't watch the game!!
just passing thru on way up north...quick up n back for Easter :
Getting satisfaction of whatever sort from seeing childoctorn lost n gay sex philosophy or violent sex GAMES is like worshiping congress
We rackin up
That was terrible.
But best to honor a silent movie on a quiet trade deadline day.
Ruud Van Nistelrooy is up there with the greatest centre forwards that i've seen since following football.absolute privilege.
I will help you!
Classes start tomorrow!
First time to not have 7 o'clock class.
Going to Lucy Lippard lecture at tonight.
if I were older and had the money, I would LOVE to own Mystery Lovers  I've been obsessed w/ your store since I was a kid!
I think we gone be in for a long night...
come on Lakers!!
Time's man of the year.
Does time check people's background and legal problems EVER?
what's up with the green head bands?
Matt, there is a Shoney's in Caryville in La Follette just over the Jelico Mountain.
Rhonda and I ate there two weeks ago.
SURF REPORT: 5/1/11 Pacific Beach 12 ft knee to thigh high Fair CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 61F
Yay the sun is out!
Is everyone enjoying it?
He asked me if I've seen a road with so much dust and sand......
Back at work, 2 family members still down, but improving.
Still hoping not to catch it myself.
Lysol is my only hope!
Thanks Ron.
Was fun to do.
I bought the 3/4pm thick book Anna Torv recommended in 1 of her interviews; Guess I've to 1st finish the 5 books/plays I'm currently reading
but in Baltimore, high schools have integrated the college model...my question: is that good?
Looking forward to it!
On my wish list: Using CPTs  Genesis to create killer portfolios.
35 assignments a day and plus the ones I failed, goddammit!
D;
I cld go on  on abt this.
Prob is women nervous at thought of being 'experts'.
W/PIN, can be themselves.
just some cunt..
I hope I get rich like Adele one day cause TONS of guys have broken my heart.
So tiered
ima not gone stay of the computer an go out wit my cuzin how bout that would tha work for u since u dnt want me on here or tinychat wtf
Foolish me
Shows you how much i ever watched the Hawks.lol
Looking for a good company to print and ship your TShirts?
Give tshirtgang.com a try.
We take care of our members.
Join us Saturday in the Fedora Room for dinner, doctornks and jazz at 8pm First  Hope Supper Club
NCAA Championship starts  6.
Who do you have picked or is it a given?
Stick around to see who takes the cake in our Bracket Challenge.
Good morning twitter world.
Not really.
I wish you were here.
I'm trying my best to keep from crying my eyes out.
I THINK so, I mean when tickets go on sale?
It'll say if it's general admission or not, haha.
We had a week off for Thanksgiving, Filming the last scene on Dec 4
You gross me out
swear I'm not one for free and ones my families soo...
though I agree with his closing line regarding Tree of Life
followback!
is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!:
it's so weird without you!
Awesome.
Great city.
Officially graduated.
Now it's time to apply for a refund on my college education.
hopefully this test isn't like crazy hard
lol just got done looking at LL coo j on the tyra show and counted how many times he licked his lips lol 62 times hell naw
First rest stop, over halfway there.
Chitown here we come
i didnt like it at first but then i did lol even though im single haha
lolol I know dood, I totally forgot about this whole Twitter thing.
Anyone feel the earthquake inside the Apple Stockholders meeting?
All kidding aside, I'm wishing stevejobs the best in retirement, be well
Thanks, man.
I think you're referring to  aka Jesse Middleton, re: PP software.
Lol.
Is not statistically sound.
;
Left Spfld yest  kept going until I was out of IL.
Taking care of myself so I can be more effective for the ppl.
Making it a good wknd.
Indiana  DST: I preferred living sensibly  enduring ridicule ...
remind me again why we're on NY time  not Chicago?
I know you're coming for the people like me But we all got wood and nails And we turn out hate in factories
That fast I got pissed of what the fuck
Just visited shilp mela in Bhopal , there were really great art work.
Haha 439 people voted for the Republican running against Walker.
My man Barrett has a nice lead in the Dems right now.
I don't think watchin Rosewood at work is a good idea..
I feel like lining em up and goin down the line slappin em all.
Ijs
Guys can have BROmances, girls can have WOMances.
I swear I never liked College sports until I actually went to school
RT : You will know them by their fruits.
Do we gather grapes from thorns or figs from thistles?
Matthew 7:16
You ever want something really bad, then you get him, I mean it, and you regret it because you know it's bad for you?
Yeah, me neither.
Being right half the time beats being halfright all the time.
does anyone remember Bill nye the science guy.
omfg
Just took the brave in and out of break!
Jarrett a little too high and made contact with the wall, yellow.
If you're not listening to 's Christmas album, you are MISSING OUT.
It's the soundtrack to my season this year!
Coldplay did an amazing job tonight on idol :
I nvr been the lazy type
When ppl self select, they may stick to like ppl.
which tends to keep cultures homogenous and unchanging.
today is going to be a good day.
i always had a hard time opening up CapriSun juice boxes
Wanna talk to someone new.
Any takers?
: Had my last day of junior year today!
PTL
ohh I will...so really when am I coming over?
stopped by Bayamon today beach tomorrow, La Isla never disappoints always amazed by contrast of mountains and oceans
my dogs give me the most judgmental look when I blow my nose.
fern actually barks at me...
like I can help it.
In there like swimwear re: last tweet...should be a good night of music for the DMV
Make Joseph Kony famous, bring him to justice.
Kony2012 , april 20th cover the night, retweet  spread the word.
Last Tuesday harmony class......
I hope we survive
WANNA GO ON A BIKE RIDE!?
Hey go listen to our music on Purevolume.
www.purevolume.com/swingthecoast
gonna play some poker with some friends.
work at 8 AM.
AW then def vibe out.
love is god!
I'm tryna let go of my past.
At Michael K from DListed I gasped, clutched my invisible pearls and almost wrecked my car.
Download our EP for free at www.historyrepeats.bandcamp.com and like us at www.facebook.com/historyrepeats
's voice is one of the most amazing things ever.
my favourite :
Bo : Spring has stalled: 10 out of the past 11 days have had below normal temperatures.
4 out of the past 7 days have had rain
If I wasn't going to Hot Snakes, I'd be here RT Tin Can Ale House tonight!
Rafter / Tourism / Matt Curreri 9pm start time, 5
Should I even keep watching this game???
Texting is so fcking boring now.
Everything is hey......Wyd.....oh ok......Yup...
it suits you
Hi, Vincent Exorcast here...
You know, girls do go crazy for NKOTB...
So it is kind of a complement...
Its has been a long time since I tweeted omg
Welcome to 2012, CarGo!!
Does the MTA realize trains are supposed to run?
They're not just decoration, assholes.
Lenders cautiously shop for retail space.
Debt institutions are softening their approach toward retail.
Submit your project today!
why you think i asked you if Rashad played Friday????
hehehehehehehehehehehe I just had panda express their orange chicken rocks
don't worry.
I am wearing a Disney tshirt so everyone knows i am an american.
Totally safe.
balderdash.
I don't believe you.
I also really like the word balderdash
Senior is on the top prospect list for todays Supplemental doctorft
The more often you practice shooting the better prepared you'll be to catch those good ones.
Shoot 2 people interacting.
Share it w/ them.
Finna k.o.
had a good ass day earlier.
Goin for 2 ina row.
ha!
I have the Nathan's cookbook, but that looks AWESOME.
i still don't think chucks  jeans are cool
Sweet!
If you find out let me know plz!
nm ha why did u tweet all of us?
Its the second week of school...
time to slack off
strawberries.yep.
What did the doctorer give up for 40 days?
Lint.
Well atleast twice ah week would put a nigga in the ball game!
A swim breathing technique: As you put your face in the water,release some air through your nose to keep the water from entering your nose.
To many internet gangsters..let me stop talkin shit b4 my page get shot up...
The end of Dark Waters is done, until the part with the mom and daughter in the elevator.
That was cute.
My tl consist of girls posting about what they want in boys......
it's like reading their minds, only on twitter :o
another question..
WineStyles...
Is it just a store?
I bought a coupon for that also.
Or can I go in  just buy bottles?
no problem .
I'd love a museum to roll out that particular QR .....
made a chocolate haupia pie for my mom!!
Fan Girling is what i do!
BoyzAreBack : Gonna Fan Girl all night
is my New Favorite Follower!
ShowMeTheMoney lol
Just wrapped an interview with a producer who got a call from Metallica in the middle of it.
She stayed on the line with me, though.
Who are the professorssional members of the courtroom workgroup?
i posted the video on here?
Oh hahhahahahha
My son and I are currently engaged in a heated debate over which album is the best.
He's arguing strenuously for Wilco.
I'm so sorry, I love you soo much ignore my last tweets
Guess we better keep him then...
lmao its aight.
I'll need my space once in a while lmao
Eric Herman Cain Has said That's it but the Media also Fox news don't stop at that All you need it to Talk about
Just paid for parking with three bucks and a two dollar winning lottery ticket.
we love those movies.
Definitely different than other ones but I am good w different :
Sweet, the gmusic app on the iPad is quite good.
Too bad google doesnt have an official one, but still a good app.
why does uptowngirls explains life every time I watch it
haha.
I met one of your friends that went to fc and I asked him if he knew you and he did.
then he suggested we call you!
lol
hey whats going on
okay: and good thing I told you so you didn't die!
: Here we go again.
Stop settling for jumpers and get in the paint!!
Grizzlies
Men, dont forget that shoes are part of the total image package.
Shoes need to coordinate well with the color of the suit.
M good thing i'm a completely innocent person will no ill intentions.
YOU ARE IN LUCK!
xD
Yes we plan on being there our parent org Greater Seattle Church Council is a sponsor.
LOL.
good one.
So to recap,you can't count on anyone but yourself.Shitty but the realization makes life easier.
you are so incredibly talented!!!
You would make me so happy if you followed me!
Thanks :
You guys are the best 3
quotes Spend a lot of time talking to customers face to face.
You'd be amazed how many companies don't listen to their customers.
O, I sincerely hope it holds together long enough to give me a good show here in Littleton!!
I f'ing love boomahs!
Should have never said yes
last show of the year!
Where the hell is the Deca Yeah!?
Merry Christmas Rome!
Missing him already: I love how he comes over and we hang for hours and he never pressures me into anything!:
Because I'm at my FL condo, not my home in Chicago.
lol thanks I just got it from the top of my head woot woot
I went to Browbiz in Greece today
Another journey commencing in the struggle to end the health  human rights crisis that is MTR Congress must be confronted w/ the facts
HAPPY FRIGGIN BIRTHDAY CAMERON!!!
See his face whenever i , i look at you ..
Let's have a doctornk when you get back from Austin and catch up.
Good morning, Jake!
Never put both feet in your mouth at the same time, because then you don't have a leg to stand on
i know u r very busy now but can i follow me plz....i love u 3 3
AND I'M OUT THIS MF!
Elder Goose ; Dance Gavin Dance3.
Year of the cougar
ZOOLAPALOOZA: A Book of Homographs, written and illustrated by Gene Barretta, came in the mail yesterday from and it looks great!
That was the biggest bite of cake that I've ever seen.
i wasted three years of my life with you..we break up for a year start talking again and your still doing the same shit
That's where I'm always going wrong.
I stick with flats.
I finally got around to watching the Bully screener today and I'll probably make my childoctorn watch it in a few more years...
Everything  Colton Dixon
Guilty RT : Were you in a boy band?
and i are arguing as to whether or not you were haha
The Dead Sea Scrolls were first discovered in Israel.
That's 7,000 miles from where our exhibition will be held starting this July!
obviously lolol.
When are you coming to ny: ?
nothing I'm str8...
I don't air dirty laundoctor ya know!
please come back on twitter...we miss your sweet, and funny tweets.....i'm lost without you :
Joining in support of highered at Laney college!
Join us!
headed to the range
therealdeal James Neil!!!!
Today's Quote: I love my mother as the trees love water and sunshine  she helps me grow, prosper, and reach great heights.
Terri Guille
you should follow me cause yolo
Always trying to keep up with the times, first it was the Twilight series, now it's The Hunger Games...
Speaking of hunger...
Ok, I just spammed my FB peeps AGAIN lol to follow I just dont get why more people dont love y'all like us Wellers do!!
3
Had some difficulty uploading video, had to make a new one, Go to youtube and search Karissa Lynn Kings of Leon cover.
If I remove you from all my social networks.
You really hurt me .
Thanx homie!
Props 4 the Ivan doctorgo, Classic!
Yea that was me on the blends/presentation Presyce on the cuts, stil Bangin!
Sayings about adversity building character.
Fuck that, I wanna be rich...NOW.
Does anyone else love how Siri calls Samuel L.
Jackson Sam?
in that commercial?
B/c I'm pretty sure he's always called Samuel L.
Jackson.
Thank you to and SMPS Marketer for including my quote and webdesign work in the mag's great article on CMS Platforms
OkUPrettyBut My girls and I have brains, beauty, and business sense.
Triple threats!
Lol
News of the bombardment of Fort Sumter arrived at the telegraph office at Camden Station on April 12,1861.
Guy on the radio said he's from chicago Illinois and a Cardinals fan.
He must not have lived there long enough to know the s is silent.
Had a Phone Convo with my bro Changed my whole Mood!
last night..Real Real good dude!
Salutes Tfc McM ..Stay tuned!
it's a good thing I at least caught it on Ustream.
Nothing beats meeting everyone face to face tho...
I'd like to see her throw a vase full of flowers in Johnny Z's face.
I'm gonna finish the song up after school!...
It will be done b4 6:30 7:00 
ok.
you might be sleeping, though.
i'm sure, you'll be exhausted.
thanks Jet!
Lol
RT : Q: Did yr constituents ask you about HIV/AIDS?
A: : ONE showed up at every event I was at.
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving!
Who's out for blackfriday??
I can honestly say even if we might get mad  eachother everyonce in awhile yall hav nvr let me down
College is like a boner, you get all stiffed up and about to explode.
March Calendar w/ NBC Law  Order CI, LO SVU, FX LIGHTS OUT  THE PUBLIC THEATRE Casting workshops at BTS.
Limited seating on many of them.
Gunna try sleep....
I'll probably be back lol.
I always find these slick task management tools but then get too busy to use them.
Let's see if actionmethod sticks.
tired of it lol
damn thats how u feel bro?
Deepfried butter.
I found the stand too late at the media party, but heard it was good!
Loving what the are doing within the world of hiphop...
Expanding the brand!
Keep up the outstanding work!
1
ALA's only program proposal process is for the Grassroots Program, which opens in Jan  closes around the end of Feb.
: I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted.x
yeah...
I think we might have the same one.
I know!
Ugh.
Thank you for letting me know.
I think you are right.
I got a weird message 2 reply 2  others.
Just changed my PW.
Cheers!
Good morning AM Tweeps.
We are getting this Tuesday started !
57am Let's rock !
What I don't get: Moneyball approach avoids giving up outs, so aggressive baserunning isn't part of the vocabulary.
fix your xbox 360 servers !
RT : The very act of serving someone else broadens perspective  enlarges our capacity to feel gratitude  happiness.
Packer Nation welcomes you to Twitter.
I'm sure you will be cooler than ochocinco on dwts, lol.
My email addoctorss has changed since I bought Espresso 1.
How do I get the Espresso 2 license sent to my new email?
Stole a pillow from the hotel!
I love them!
I need somebody to come n save me!
: No, I'm still working on How to Kiss Ass and Never Accomplish Anything.
Why?
Is it any good?
If you do what you always did you will get what you always got.
BOGO at weightwatchers til 4/21 ;
I think it's physically impossible to leave Target without spending at least 50.
So much for
NBA and the Cleveland Cavaliers have a major announcement scheduled for 10am tomorrow.
Move to Columbus in the future?
RT Sunburnt feet are so awkward.
Showers are the WORST with sunburnt feet.
Looking forward to LA weather.
NYC and Boston weather?
Not so much.
Can't deal with the cold dhat shyt cray
How a Bill Becomes a Law on 3/4 tape from WI Pub TV in the American Archive Inventory...
I'm just a bill 
Met my deadline...so my 2 day love affair w/ final cut is over.
Folks liked the vid.
Now BK bound.
Oh heyyyyyyfuck you!
Ha I know
Couldn't make it to way out yonder to Matteo's party but I did wish him a happy happy happy birthday
Hospitals scare me 
Getting ready to shoot bridal editorial for a magazine at the Four Seasons Hotel!
So excited!!
And then refuses to get another bus in to fix it, so everyone is waiting, hoping they can get on a 4pm bus that could be full.
Charlie and the Ostich Factory
O My mom just rejected my call though!!!!!!!!
Madoff news will cause panic.
Hopefully short term.
Put your money with someone trustworthy.
Anyone?
Anyone?
Bueller?
Congrats Mike on The New Art of Conference Networking: Hashtags to Homies getting chosen 4 the WDS sessions!
Exciting!
Funny Insult: Do you ever wonder what life would be like if you'd had enough oxygen at birth?
: What is the most awkward thing to be caught wearing in a tornado?
Or other emergency?...Michael Bolton underoos.
lmao!!!
yes n show em around town...
:D
Thats funny because your tweet earlier today made it seem like you did care..ha.
Bring in 2 cans to donate  Receive 5 off your Organic Sunless Tan w/ Organic Glow!!
Call 5123272507 to schedule you're appointment...
Thanks!
I'm playing again today from 7  11 PM
Isn't it just a GREAT day to have my hair straight!?
How do I get your very pushy sales people to stop calling me?
They don't take 'no' for an answer, and it's aggravating us.
: what was your favorite movie of 2012?
Thanks for the RT!
The Horned Frogs hit a 3 to narrow the Aztecs lead to 2.
imagine Austin:When you smile my heart stops You:awww i love you Austin.
Austin:i love you to anna
the guy in doctornking with just told me to go there to at the same time you tweeted me
Agreed.
Tension is my main source of creativity.
When I'm relaxed, I sleep.
Thanks ZenYinger!
Have a great weekend :
So typical OU
Businesses run everyday and you should maintain your professorssional image even during hot summer months.
Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the sht out of it
So I've broadened the fitness concept to make it one of moderation and balance.
honestly I'm really going to miss crowne heights
i'm not even done cleaning my room I guess it's time to do homework!
Anything unattempted remains impossible.
Anonymous
idk what to say then
It's Easter you look your going to the club and not church....
Fresh and easy is the best for healthy eating
That was fun!
You serious?
You are only in love an average of 4 times in your entire life.
Most people regret giving up number 1, 2, and/or 3.
Just chillin' here with the best friend.
'I'll try my best to love you through the best and the worst.
I'll love you as long as I live' OhHowILoveYouBaby.
ThatWasSoCute 3
Just got the best compliment yet...
A customer started crying so loved the doors we made for her so much!!!!
twitter fun

I agree with you....there is no one better than Jimmy!
Finna dip this blunt in some tequila, bake, light, and work.
thanks amanda
Inspiration and motivation sometimes come from the simplest things in life.
Wake up and pay attention.
Don't let anyone take your joy.
Just 15 mins left in our deal!
125 in services for just 50!
www.GrouponBoston.com.
CGRN will have a free plant giveaway for mbrs 31 March.
Get your membership  get on board.
Good stuff.
Thanks for the info.
Thanks for the support.
I guess I should quit whining, at least its a step in the right direction.
:
Attending North America Infrastructure Conference in DC cosponsored by CG/LA Infrastructure and PPIjust heard Tom Friedman.
kids Mars Band on the Run 5K Run/Walk  Childoctorn's Fun Run: Mars Band on the Run 5K Run/Walk  Childoctorn's Fun Run from Saturday, May 19,...
Trying times are not the times to stop trying.
Damn Layla with a sick looking facebuster
Correct Ms.
Kenzie
that is so true school needs to be over already n summer needs to hurry up
a little over 900 amwriting words for the night.
Got a blog post knocking on the back of my brain to let out.
Have a good one, kids!
top10Lies I'm interested in what you're saying.
this bollywood sendup is embarrassing the pants off of me.
Wow.
It's gameday  Go Patriots!
Twitter is boring right now.
:
What do you mean?
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 91
My coworker just found out her daughter is going to the Olympics!
Great minds  but no RT : Have not seen the spectacle yet, any chance lady gaga makes sense Eggland's Best now?!
what about a daug
Cardinal Dolan Blasts Obamas HHS Mandate: This Battle Is Bigger Than Contraception
This math teacher is the biggest fucking idiot on the planet.
We have a brand new app coming out next week.
It will prob knock your socks off so buy new socks this weekend just in case.
;
where u live?
And what store?
I'll die before I buy my significant other a fucking Lexus for Christmas, I hate these commercials.
It's December
your dad says he's gonna find me a rich Greek hahah I can't wait for the food
let me try that again, doh!
Speaking of not budging, I have an ex who is like a boulder...all else pales in comparison ;
Hiking Tips From The Experts
soul food...live blues...dirty martinis
Okay.
I admit it.
I have TOO much stuff.
wheretostart timetopack Dominican in 5 days
crapdoctorver said his has troubles on hills
Police trap in Thompson and prince st.
you got a spotify account?
Hard to keep track of all these awesome jams.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
Kinda weird that I tweeted about music last night and Dick Clark passes away today
Bout to check out Herbie Hancock backstage
20 off your order, all Spring Break when you mention this tweet
I dont feel like flirting with this nigguh :P can't he see I like someone else!?
omg rotflmao!
watching family fued.
the question was where would a nudest keep their keys?
And this guy actually said up their butt.
Wowhaha
yea why whats up?
: Khloe  Lamar Season 2 Premiere part 2 starts now East coast on E!
Can't wait to waste my fucking time on that!
All the guys want to chew up my bubblegum apparently.
Opened up last night after completing their intense remodeling.
IU Bars is back up and running.
Student: my teachers expect me to turn in homework online.
But I can't afford a computer.
It's hard to get to the library.
Cole Hamels blows.
.
doctorpBox is probably easiest, but CD/DVD, external devices are fine too.
I need to focus...today will be yet another distraction.
I miss you.
Fabulous Design Tip: Create a spark of energy in a room by using the color red.
Saw ThinkLikeAMan again today and it was just as good the second time around as the first time!
Coffee Cup, Waking Me Up
There probably are; they just can't get heard through all the noise of mediocrity.
PickUpLine: I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts off.
: Water off a ducks back...
when it comes to anything negative how do u manage to stay positive all the time?U C THE doctorFT?
thank u : his nickname is camdeezy, in your honor lol
WARNING!!!!!
If u got a msg from me saying anything about rumors and asking u to open a link delete it!
I DID NOT SEND ANYONE THIS MESSAGE!
RT : The future is bright!
The future of OU Running Backs
Ta Dow how you like me now?
You're the best.
Truly.
I might giggle or repeat every tweet of yours to anyone in ear shot.
Love my job
People who put 3's after everything !!!
Household censor markings and Contraband Excised rubber stamp can be introduced early to avoid the expectation of money.
Trampled By Turtles plays 1st Ave once a week.
Just like Paleo, there's a right way and a wrong way to do it
: Big weekend 4the boys , sweep thatsitthatsall congrats to the Terriers!
In case it's before opening, we have grower Champagnes by the glass.
please fuck me
Cool!
Did you get to hear him when he was in Chicago a few weeks ago?
exactly!I think the problem is we get asked to play Milwaukee shows, but have to go out of our way to play out of town shows.
Husband is making me kale chips because I insisted going to Jack in The Box for some curly fry action..well see..
Hehe thanks : RT : you have so many followers!
so famous!
Finally arrived in DC!
because the CHL plays the NHL style.
Leaving Europe to play in the CHL can only benefit the European player, no?
Its not whether you get knocked down; its whether you get up.
If Tarzan had chestnuts I don't think he would have beaten his chest like the apes did!
Still trying to figure out how the fuck I got a 90 on my AP gov final
i want to get a phone call from so much 3
Nevah!
I'm much more dashing and exciting than that!
Steak, potatoes, jello shots, two big TVs in the living room and sports on all day
that would be nice.
ready and why am I still awake with my 4am departure?
That is part of my job description, experimentation with food pairings.
you must try it sometime.
I knew you'd catch that one!
Patriots nation thanks you, Jake!
: Good Luck !
I'm pulling for ya!
Good thing its not a dance competition!
Twitter is fun!
hate btches that try n be smart
Even when sitting still muscle burns more energy than fat.
So weight training is an essential part of a healthy weight maintenace program.
Ready to head back home
Girls would you ever do a hair removal treatment thing so you'll be hairless for the rest of life?.
How about Concur!
With exclamation point.
And implied gesture of cockily crossing arms across chest.
yea..
no kidding!
Hahaha!!
I'm loving this!!
8D
Just doctorpped my dog off at the kennel on sauvie island since I leave early am sat.
She likes it there, kind of like doggy summer camp.
:
these things happen to doctors, firemen, secretaries, etc.
It's a trait...
not a description of the career.
:
did I really just get diamond earings from for christmas?
Man if he aint telling you, u R doctorp dead gorgeous..
Have a good day
That's alright, they'll be squatting and doing handstand doctorlls before they detect the baitandswitch.
RT When in a relationship, dont try to make a Pisces jealous, you wont incite them, you will only disappoint them.
nope he is at my parents with bear we have to do a bunch of crap at the airport before we get the pups
Happy to follow!
Single women in Philadelphia have been and will continue to piss me the fuck off.
Everyone loves boobs, even gay guys.
They aren't called fun bags for nothing.
Excellence in Cookbooks  Hawaii Book Blog
I'd say you're a pretty big deal :
just announced reps here from 48 states, inc.
Alaska  Hawaii  Canada, England, Sweden, Israel, India.
I kinda miss someone who used to be a very big part of my life...
oh well...
ig
loving the site redesign!
is smiling today
To our new followers thank you, we will
Chernobyl diaries is already scaring me.
:
aight sounds goods let's work asap...
peace
RT : last day to enter my contest on the blog!!
squEZtastic auroraboriealice.blogspot.com do it cuz you love me!!!!!
check out Fort George Brewery Vortex IPA.
Puts both Laurelwood and Hub to shame.
What R U doing for SuperTuesday?
Watch returns with March 6.
Best date ever!
Me, a tub of ice cream, shots of JD and ceder insense!
Party begins NOW!
Just got back up and finally headaches gone!
Just got back from working out : I feel great, but I'm STARVING!
you're welcome : x
CNN is reporting that Dick Cheney got a heart implanted.
Glad you asked We are hoping to do the recipe design class several times a year with diff.
guest commercial brewers each time.
It makes my dog howl.
you should come to Chicago again ; us Illinois mahomies miss you3
The last day I have to wake up early :3
The Womb Sauna has updated their phone .
Reach us at 1888576WOMB!
Bless Up!
Peace!
We are open from 12 to 9 today and New years day!!
If you upload to Rocket21 then it will stay in your professorle...then everyone on R21 could check it out.
We love it!
Looks like today is going to be a beautiful day!
:I hate that I miss you.
I hate that you forgot about me.
I hate that you don't want me.
I hate that I still care about you.
Love your posts!
often overlooked: almost everything we know about connectivity between neurons is inferred from macaque brains.
i'm sorry no thanks
Glass Candy tickets are now available at both locations!
Only 11, cash only.
These are limited folks, get 'em and get 'em soon!
Note to self: Live life to the fullest.
No excuses.
If you need a personal trainer in LA, I'm your man!
Would love to work with you.
For some freelance writers, it is somewhat easy for them to write articles especially if they have been doing this for a long period of time
39;Antialcoholism39; doctorg cleared for use in France
Getting pumped for the Idea Series tonight on restaurants and design.
Crankin' it with !
Just got done at the court club!!
Haha with my step brother hunter!
Dave has lived under a bridge for 4 years in a tent in an Oakland harborhe lives in tent w/3 catsits hard to make your way backhe wants 2
I love our followers so much 
Peforms  hosts w/  on Fri the Main Stage  W Plaza  the Miami Marlins game, 57PM
I miss you too love 3
it's supposed to be 7 hours according to mapquest.
Closer to 10 each way
RT : Good Stuff!
Enjoy the rest of the weekend :
Lord Ross?
Ps: work your magic.
Bob Ryan campaign shirts for all of us.
Ill take medium
Ew it smells like a furniture store.
: Choir girls are so annoying
Social Media MGR Jax FL w/ Brand exp, sophisticated skills.
Interested?
ResumeSM Portfolio showing success pls RT
Do not ask what the next person is doing for YOU, ask what YOU are doing for the next person.
Chuuch!
Happy Valentine's Day to all our guests and followers!
Oh nice!
Really, we are just at the whim of whatever Pandora decides to bring us next...HA!
it didn't hurt.
Cause the lakers got blowd the fuck out!
Melo needs to sit for a few minutes, get his head into the fact that we need him to take high  shots.
For now, we want
and Down By The Seaside is their most underrated tune!
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances, if there is any reaction both are transformed.
C.G.
Jung
from my sisters friend who got their windshield cracked by a doctornk freshman hahaha
Funny how you think this doctorma affects me haha u dont see me sittin in a corner cryin no im the mature one bein me and movin on
Can't sleep somebody hmu!!!
Life suck ass!!!!!
love this!!
I concur
After 90 strike vote, federal mediators set up additional bargaining date for SoCal 8/29
IceNineKills  Lips Lounge May 14th!!!
Hit up for tickets!!!
That's what you said last time too.
This Iphone is so difficult but I love it
When two illiterate people scream at eachother it's probably the funniest thing ever.
It's not up at Netgalley anymore.
I waited too long and now I want to read it.
My bad.
I guess the werespiders will wait?
And it's amazing!
sorry to get back to you so late bro dope track fam real talk let me know when you need a singer
thatawkwardmomentwhen My grid is beating my dad's in marchmadness, but my mom is in first place in the whole competition
I'm so feeling you ma!!!
Tensai could be a winner tonight, but there's also Adoctor Miz and Jericho to think about.
: My sister is gonna live off my dad for the rest of her lifee lmaoooo oh I'm tellin
A real leader faces the music, even when he doesn't like the tune.
Don't Miss  Jenny Lind: My Life as a Fairy Tale March 14 at 11:00am at Castle Clinton.
Signed up to walk in Walking for Joyce Ericson  Treva Hicks!
WHO ARE YOU walking for?
www.1065.com
Maydays tour dates making me want to commit
Cheerios for dinner  revision time in the beanbag tonight.
It's going to be a schnazzy evening!

You are what you eat?
Well that's awkward because you're a dick.
aaawww i hope you feel better!!3
Today's tours include 2 foodie walking tours, a Gay LA history lesson and the the celebrity scandal tour that has EVERYONE squawking.
we do a food and wine show and a home and garden show in Houston.
Would you like some information?
Tune in to us now if you don't want overkill on the Casey jury selection.
is proud of her station for not losing it..yet
They make my panties wet.
We'll be opening today at 1pm.
We're getting some items ready for a big catering event tonight.
: Algorithms that govern editing of numbered and bulleted lists need improvement.
Many anomalies occur during editing.
Highlight of my day: my boyfriend yelling GET SOME!
at the brady bunch movie with Marsha kisses Charlie.
I hate when I dont know hpw another person feels..
baby all I do is bite into Popsicles.
Sucking on them is for teh gayz
I guess that's why we couldn't stand eachother when we first got pregnant...
Nap countdown begins NOW
This time one week ago the BBN was in the process of sending them cardinals home on the way to a national championship!!
Why does Sara run the water in the bathroom and she's not in the shower?
but 4 years ago, I used the same brand of hair and went swimming and things were fine.
I'm convince the quality is falling
Just followed x because theirs beats on 's Neptune are Dope.
That is all.
.
Cannot avoid constraint.
Interesting question is whether our reductions, our distortions are interesting
Chilling watching this lame ass movie
Boyfriend on the radio!
:D 3333
Pretty sure I can beat Nick Johnson in a foot race w/ a cigarette hanging out my mouth.
Phone tag kind of day??
It's useful, bad in some good ways, e.g., for revealing contradictory views of gamespaces.
Yeah, great, they also hit .302/.362/.469 off of him.
seriously you're amazing  dedicated fan.
I'm a fan of the Boyz  you.
If you ever meed someone to talk to im here :
I am glad the IC's feelings cannot be hurt!
They're very pretty wall hangings but I've done batik myself, so u gotta trust me!
take it.
RT : WRONG GUY TO SEND THIS TO  just got a spam email saying I've been left a huge  gift from Martin Van Buren
Wondering about doctoramy and his oddly silly cutoff shorts.
:
STL and MIL advance to the NLCS.
TEX and DET advance to the ALCS.
The ALCS starts tomorrow at 8pm EST.
Oh man.
Tonight's Top Gear  So funny
My dad could give us a historical lesson down the shore facepalm
What's good peeps.
RGN is looking for some GFX if intrested msg back
Thanks!
Thanks for celebrating!!!
photoshoot in the a.m.!!!
bright n early!!!
7 am i will see you soon!...hittin the sheets early tonight!
Fuck!
Baby jesus!
Xenu!
Princess Di!
One fucking hour.
One hour where I'm not in total writhing agony.
Then we'll go from there, deal?
Nice list of reports offered in JISC usage statistics portal..wd like to see what compare deals looks like
I thought you ate ketchup with everything haha
hey jillian!!!
i missed u
Only fuck with my niggas..
I pray we are living so lavish..
I'm replacing the soothing sounds of waterfalls on my radio with a replay of the Texas race
me siguen??
:D
did ya'll catch them sniping about Palin's absence?
tee hee
she ratchet
Just setting up on twiiter, follow us if interests are vinyl 1900'spresent.
Hugh mp3 collection available, doowop, Blues, etc
alright man, what ever floats your boat.
Lol!
Thank you!
I appreciate your trust.
Tip 144: Stop, doctorp, and think.
Take 10 seconds online by keeping your hands off the mouse/keyboard.
Live...take 30 seconds.
welcome to twitter!
you're the coolest cat in Hollywood brotha, keep up the good work
I play a bit of guitar...
but mainly produce other artists.
What part of Florida do your friends live in?
i hate west coast so much sigh
We're off and running with today's SocialWebinar....join in the conversation!
8o RT will our planted mole come through tonight?
even though I hated the flyers growing up I always thought the world of Hextall.
Such a bad ass.
I feel for you guys w/ bryz

A day will come when people say: put  4 EDU but where's the WOW?
Time's running out.
we can help you.
Will Phil see his shadow in 2 days??
r y'all goin to the warp tour
I think the whole belieber family would R.I.P.
gota find Some more gigs, some new connects.
My last two shows have been cancelled.
People are gunna stop commin out if it don't go down!
If anyone has any pictures from Rock N Rods we want to see them!
Working overnight tonight..might have to make a late night trip to Krogers...they always have the weirdest ppl in there at night lol
We love to make people smile, makes us feel good.
:D
Dancing around to instead of doing my science homework  just got a bit carried away 
boo ya!
thanks man!
Burns sf adds a run for the 10th of the game for FIU.
please follow me?
It would mean the world!
no more Judith?
Oh man, I crack myself up.
I want you to know that i love the third word in this sentence.
;
Whats good tonight on Twitter
And Julie just said that because Suzzy called her out XD
you better go to sleep, oh wait you can stay up all nite cuz tomorrow u ain't doin shit
Landmark sandiego bay cleanup order not quite done; regulators go into closed session to hash it out.
plan to resume at 2pm
Almost an hour later and I still haven't peed 
you're welcome :
I'm seriously considering it.
Which is totally bizarre for me.
I think the distinction between interveillance and surveillance is a key distinction and its great that you brought it
Damn hiphop weekly mag really???
Tyga what happened??
U ran up on some real G'S from Nebraska and get ya lil tour bus shot up???
How square!
Lol, well I feel special.
been doctornkin a little bit
Going on at 11 with Sonidero at Greenroom in Flagstaff,
Today's lesson: Can't dance to iTunes music with iPhone in hand.
I shake, it shuffles.
I was off for a few days.
Back now!
Can't wait!
4 Freshmen  5 Trombones was killer last nite.
Everybody was knocked out.
I'll email it to you.
Friedel liked him!:Sis,what is the name of the Agent that showed property to you in ATL?
I really Don't Want to Let Go but if it Comes to That I Guess I Will Have To.
Austin's smile  Austin's voice  Austin's hair  Austin's personality  Austin's eyes  Austin's lips  Austin's everything  He's flawless
How often do you get to see Harry and the boys?
: xx
awesome I like how all the episodes r different with all the different podcast u go one.
It's hilarious what u say sometimes
Are you approved?
:
Really have the urge to play basketball!
Dangerous road conditions out there this morning  Be careful Indy!
We always wondered why she was asleep on the couch when we came home that afternoon.
Hangover!
HaHa!
Yay!
That always feels so good.
Just got off the phone with Movember HQ!
Big things coming this year for Baltimore's Movember chapter!
This weekend hd a powerful conversation with my Bio sister Stephania Shine, the Holy Spirit spoke 2 words thru her MOVE FORWARD it'son!
Brewers can they score some runs now?
Revis Island: Where WR fantasy stats go to die :
DONNA LYNNE TONIGHT ARIZONA CHARLIE'S  DECATUR BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV 9:00 pm to 2:30 am Stop in if you get a chance!
1 of the prostitutes that hang out at central and ash just got busted.
So sad.
If you want my future, forget my past 
We agree Mobile has a higher open rate than email and direct mail!
Except when you steal it, you good for nothing thief.
Can't get enough of slow jamming the news.
you scored big time.
Be proud.
I'm be angry birds weeepppaaaa wbu ?
follow back?x
If u see this follow me that means im following you
I consult people on how to talk to media assholes like me.
Rule1Don't try to be funny.
Rule2We don't like you.
We love only ourselves
with nothing but my shirt on?
Good thing its warm in my house!
Was hoping for the Falcons over the Giants.
Definitely, Steelers over the Broncos.
Thx!
It is getting brighter out!
Might have to at outta bed for an hr..
Lol : Sending sunny wishes your way
This game ain't over yet
At netimpact?
Come watch our panel tomorrow, Saturday!
Revolutionizing the Way People Volunteer  R0420 at 12:30pm with
Brooklyn here and we got love for you always XOXO
I can relate to TeenWolf cuz plays a werewolf who is very vicious  I'm a dog who TRIES to act vicious lol...RT or follow???
What is clientology?
Check out latest blog entry to find out
what's up maestro...how the goodlife treating ya bro...: 
Got some good website tweakage in today.
Things are really starting to shape up!
Work like you don't need the money, love like your heart has never been broken, and dance like no one is watching.
I wish I was one of the 649 lucky people you follow.
it would honestly make me so happy.
make it happen?
:D
u should run w rue la la
New Twitter account will originate Echo Beach Band tweets, starting now.
This account stays as my personal Twitter.
meanwhile, harvard put up a strong 23 points in the first half against vanderbilt
That's why I asked what you were doing...
BUT YOU WERE BUSY!
I'm bout to text all the girls that I think are pregnant right now and dont know it!!
Happy Mothers Day
sooner than soon
That's because you sent that Friday feeling over to me.
Who is Hopkins4.
love that kid.
on the computer

R U just annoyed at media 4 covering Lindsey all the time?
Did NBC have Julia on preolympic promos?
U R '06 gold
Depends on the minute.
Sanchez, Schottenheimer, receivers, etc.
But as a fanthe parts just aren't holding together too well.
oh yes.
You are so right on that.
if Donnie Mack says it, it's official
Then buck up and write a check.
It strikes me as hypocritical that you want me to write a check without investing yourself
Totally disappointed with during this week's stay in Los Angeles.
Never ever again.
Great minds think alike.
SoftballSwag 
Feeling sorry for our dog today.
She loves running around in the back yard, but hates going out in the rain...she's a little stir crazy.
When auditioning, what skills/qualities will make a difference, will make the actor stand out, will make you fall for him?
by applauding the ones who listen we make a point to those who don't.Complaining about your rep listening is dumb
winter is coming
The filibuster has blocked most legislation proposed by Obama since Senator Brown took office.
I have a rip of My Neighbor Totoro on the BlackBerry for my kiddo.
Troma/Fox dub.
Prefer it to Disney's.
Can anyone give me feedback as to how well the BMW X5 4.4 does on gas??
Durant just almost knocked out harden haha
Nuggets win over Thunder 106101
Andoctorid users got it last week, now it's iPhone users time!
The new update is here to make your Bartab experience even better!
DL it now!
But I have now also been a hostmom for one year and I hope I did a good job ; I can tell ya, it's sometimes harder than...
makeup, weave, fake nails, eye lashes, booty pop, wonder bras, spanx...
DECEPTION all over
I do not pretend to speak for you, but I want to support you.
God morning!
Birds are chirping, raindoctorps falling, skies are mottled gray...there's something very poetic about this Friday!
U ever wonder about who else she talks to.
You're welcome  hey, thanks for recommending follow :
Hey camera types can I carry on a tripod or do airlines typically make one check them?
It's a mediumduty in a soft case.
?
and now I'm feeling like Im gonna fucking puke.
Brain!
Stop with the fucking crying!
please..
shirtless in a mash tun??
How the hell did I miss this?
Ok, fans, anyone out there know how to start a blog?
My feminine side is lesbian
RT Watching Sanford FL city council mtg.
Sharpton, Jackson, etc all speaking, getting crowd all worked up.
aka telling the truth
haha, i love you for getting it!
What are your plans for June 25th?
Be at the USC Bovard Auditorium for my Album Release  Benefit Concert for Egypt!
Free
An anonymous Jets player has said that he wanted Peyton in NY...can you imagine if it was Mark Sanchez...
Tweet us your favorite venue/city that you'd like to see Death of an Era in this year.
We're looking for new places to book.
: Thank goodness it's raining holyhangover GO CATS I literally can't move
Dirty man
After yesterday's loss to the Athletics, the Brewers are 183 and still in first place in the AL East.
Rotary Foundation made a donation to the Rotary Polio Foundation, in the name of captainin Malfitano
I Feel Accomplished!
Happy NFL doctorft day everyone!
i should be asleep but i have a friend who just gave me the best talk ever and made me feel better
how does it feel to be known as a slut?!
tminus nine and a half hours to completion.
Trying to sleep face down while your dick is hard 
There is nothing more fun and selffulfilling then to be able to play the piano and entertain the people around you.
thanks Mark!
hope all is well :
and thats a shot on goal...
wow
Post OS X Lion install: Mail App is now awesome, it's everything it should have always been, it's usable  a great UI / UX.
voted best airport in the country.
It smells like sweaty asshole on my bus .
AlexandoctoraVa City Council to consider Beauregard Plan at 5/12 public hearing at 9:30 AM in Council Chambers.
Love my Silk Press..........
Eddie Celebrity Hair stylist.......404.454.1494
Colleague just called me out.
She caught me trying to use the wall to pop my shoulder.
Well, everyone is Northwest of somewhere :
I dont want the Patriots to win i want Tom Brady to win.
Walking a closed Broadway from 50th to Herald  still not used to this!
Can't do without not looking over my shoulder for traffic
thanks for the Tweet shoutout!
We and appreciate it!
Good morning everyone.
Icreon is a premium sponsor
it was supposed to be dark brown but it turned out to be more of a reddish brown..
I kinda like it though :
Fantastic!
I'll be having my POG and a meal next month then.
:
for sure!
Very different with all due respect as we say in NYC g.
You are are only true Loyal sports figure in ohio.Thank you and we are so lucky to have you
That was a beautiful pass and play
Why is there a ForEach extension for ListT but not for IListT?
Have I complained about this before?
Zombies are what we make of them!
Dirk deserves a championship
I'll see if I can convince Jessica to throw fire or dance :
Goodnight!!
Had a great day!!!
: time for bed!!!
Sexy, to me, doesn't have anything to do with beautiful .
.
.
do you agree?
Love it!
: The more time you spend alone with God, the better you get along with other people.
quotetoliveby in
I hope so!
Sometimes it's questions about how to use it though, oops.
Also, I thought I was following you...
WRITE TO ELLEN!
I just clicked your puy cat...and I think I need to call my therapist.
at least it was not Konz :
Just 3 miles in on the bike during my 15 minute break.
Not gonna give up this time around.
a day without dealing with stupid people is like......never mind, i'll let you know if it ever happens
picky pick pick!
she already know wat im on
my sister is in first grade and shes trying to correct me girl
UC system too expensive to party lol
Just bought some sickening red hair.
Who says doctorgs have to have normal hair
BestBandInTheWorld duh!
of course it's :
Like if she doesn't give a fuck about her work, that's cool.
She'll get fired but that's a reflection of me.
Juwan Howard in the league still
wish you were at this current session  harvesting the future web
Turn the tap off when you are brushing your teeth or washing the dishes.
It will save up to 2.5 gallons of water per minute!
Can you guys please spin I'm Not A Gangsta by !?
That song is sick!
But Odysseus Withstood Circe's morphing wiles And the Siren's songs
at the bar and looking
: RT.
What u think about is wht u become!
Thnk positive!
NeverShouldYouEver stay in a relationship of you're going to act single.
RT : Stayed in the car just to hear if this world were mine by Luther Vandoctorss classic TheWood  thats the shit
: no..Fig newtons don't have baby pigs in them..you worry me girl ; Excuse me , sir !
Email needs a pause button, still can't catch up after after
so pop music has reached a point where it is impossible to recreate, in live performance, the perfection of studio vocal tracks
God, girls'd be the best if they weren't the worst.
I Love Sports Man !
I Ain't Even Gotta Get Paid For It But When I Do Imma Get My Family And Put Em On Top Wit Me !
That said, this is sth I really hope the annual meeting cmte seriously considers
I CAN'T TAKE DUDE SERIOUS FLUEY SKIE!!
no doubt, and their testimony was so damn good.
dog poop in the house is a more pressing concern, I guess.
Fire is a block away, we can see from our roof, it's big.
Curious if any of the student protesters at Penn State have read the Grand Jury report?
Terrifying, sick information.
definitely.
Midnight Meat Train was also awesome.
:
Follow my SocialMediaInTheD peeps!
so far, so good...and the new show was great!!
At this posh gala with !
Talk about fancy!
I know : I was at workhe called me.
What happened do you know?
I thought he already been to court?I saw him today at school
Mike are you performing in Milwaukee anytime soon.
Caught you in MKE last year or so and would love to see another show
idk how cute you are if you steady blowing up my phone 24/7 that sht is a TURNOFF!!
give me some space!!
Even though this brain freeze is horrendous, I continue to eat the ice cream.
Which speaks volumes to my will, determination, and stupidity.
Wacha' doin' Granpop?
Back to consulting at Dunbar High School after 10 days in Cuba.
B2b social I'm there MT : I also spy and now bad boy at the Dell SMaC event.
No biggie!
Btw, how long did you stay in Florida?
:
If I had a rooster and you had a donkey and your donkey ate my rooster.
What would you have?
2 ft.
of my cock in your ass.
Real Hip Hop All day!!!Antahlyzah
If you assumed you knew nothing about your customer, what new things would you learn?
Journey's show store is having a free BBQ, conerts and signings in 12 different cities!
Go to their website to check it out!!

Sagittarius love to be kissed on their favorite spot 
Love you!
oh wow.
It always cold here.
Winters are the worst here
Happy Mothers Day to all the FFS Moms ,Nurses Who are working today.
Hope your hard work never goes unnoticed, especially today !
Who is this Marvin and why is he always so hungry?
I didn't know college people were so good at picking out people with problems
Get off my line man !
Mercury you are causing such a scene.
Really hungry, but don't know what to eat.
Restraining myself from going to bdubs.
haha I got you!
What do you think of new Nelly Furtado?
Hope everyone's commute went smoothly this morning!
Terrified of job interviews?
Don't be!
Let us show you the way at our mock interview workshop March 15.
Contact us for info.
You're welcome for RT, read that article with coffee and a smile.
not sure if this is the correct use, but h/t to for some excellent social media training.
i just wanna go back home and be happy again
Nothing like talking baseball with my homie behind the counter at the corner store.
Go giants!
Here here!
: Think global, doctornk global, but SUPPORT local.
You never know what hidden gems you may find in your own backyard.
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!106
I know she hurst people's feelings...
Lol
At the wind up space until power comes back on.
Should only be another 30 mins.
Exporting the next video blog for PhillydoctorwAThon, look for it later on our tumblr.
I totally submitted mine.
Just need your good juju so that at least one gets chosen this year.
Legit just seen a girl on top of her man while doctorving pounding him in a mustang .
09 Joseph Phelps Eisrébe.
Commercially frozen ice wine.
Lemony bouquet.
Thick, very sweet, pear, lemon, more.
Long finish.
90 pts
Yay momma is getting me an early bday present!
How's Universal going?
Less value derived from POSTING them via the interface  at least that's been my experience.
In defense of friction...
All man......But,happy you got better......143 a smiley with a wink...o
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
so much to do today!
Not home til 8.30.
monologues, pedi,busy bee.
Don't be depressed, I'm in bed waiting for you
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched  they must be felt with the heart.
Battleship is a very good movie.
If you enjoyed transformers then you will like this movie!!!!
I say that badboy to new hampshire and scare off some of them
Thank you, Jeffrey.
And a moment for my mantra: Giving is good for your health!
mine would be Beautiful Freaks :
Just started reading 's Shark's Fin and Sichuan Pepper
Girl With A doctorgon Tattoo it was.
Pretty good movie.
maybe next time then!lml  me too its on TBS.
we're biased because we believe in it.
I felt his was a thoughtful response to what seemed a rant.
Yup!
Everyone won't present tomorrow, but everyone needs to be ready.
You can be sure to go tomorrow, since you have supplies.
My neighbor used to get permission to keep bike overnight when dockblock was more common.
Very low imputed speed.
well, for a year.
Then, I dunno!
Depends on job market, etc.
The mountain is high?
Aren't all of them?
For now, having hot tea to cool off in the heat, and some lunch.
Boat leaves in another hour.
: the chronicles of narnia is better series than harry potter real talk A Series Of Unfortunate Events was my shit.
doctornking a doctorPepper and watching Ellen.
Life is great.
Don't you mean the best momI got?
Sunday Morning to soothe me before bed.
Whenever anxious about multiply by giving!!!
big sunglasses are the best.
your knife, my back.
My gun, your head.
That smile makes my day.
Have a 1958 Bobst 1080 for sale!
Great runner!
www.BRAUSSE.com or 888BRAUSSE for more info
One day you'll find someone who loves you as much as you love them
she already did :
just like you wash your Chin  Charlie
lol they should be more concerned about facing up to life in the championship!
Blackburn going down!
Yep, couldn't get enough of the South.
how did you do??
wow  yet another beautiful Spring day!
sweet!
We will be at The Machine Shop for Janus 2nite...find our photographer for a special GIFT!
Too funny :
There's only so much bullshit we can really stand.
I curse the distance because it's the only thing keeping us apart
First voice lesson went amazing, can't wait 'til next Wednesday!!Ahh!
so excited for piano :
what is twitter?
OMG I JUST WON THE BIG 5.50!!!!!
I must be the best.
I look at some people I grew up with and smh cause they look OLD lol ...
The Empire has struck back
Going to IYG.
Even though its almost 7.
your pic is still an egg :p
So this is bye for now.I actually have an audition today: Bye!
both!!
Helps because the artists has access to millions of ppl.
hurts cause the market is now flooded!!
Sorry!
What is the issue you are having with the order?
Q2 Are you willing to work with LGBT orgs to develop community center for LGBTQ youth.
So you think you can dance ...
This series is gonna be interesting, 2 great teams.
I sent you a message it's a link which is spam!!
I will copy and paste it!!
that is how you are spamming!!
Neither .....
Both Are Equally
A white girl with a black girl body and ass and great hair 
Well, still haven't written any more on my paper.
Might just take some notes and call it a night.
Wake up with a clear mind to start again.
What did Bret Munsey say to the Preds before this one?
RT : The Predators have a 4117 lead at the half.
is very busy..If you'd like to book time for April/May/June send an email to Demos, EPs, LPs!
Pack it up!
RT : finished up recording keys today at blackwatch!
lol.
that's why i'm never having kids haha
until when?
Love doesn't hurt.
It's the one you choose to love that's hurting you
go to door 74 in Amsterdam, great cocktails.
Haven't been to rotterdam or Barcelona though.
If YOU are stressed about it, I honestly dont know how Im going to make it.
I guess Ill enjoy life while I can.
legit tweeter?
haha naaahhh.
how long will you be in town for graduation?!?!?
can't wait!
You too!
The Bad news for Canucks fans is they're are down 03...the Good news is they'll get swept while in LA
Wearing out my last channel button
haha that's funny i just found that last night UHfreakinmayzing :D
Rubrights 885 West mifflin.
Sand or soda blast.
Long time good friend.
It's the closest I can get you.
The only thing that you absolutely have to know, is the location of the library.Albert Einstein
That test was a lil too easy.......I probably failed 
Happy Rev.
doctor Martin Luther King, Jr.
Day!
What are you doing to celebrate and commemorate his legacy?
Yep, but then again they can keep Novak to play Power Forward as well.
I know they had him do that a few times this past season.
nobody else is, and I don't wanna fo cause of those...girls.
This is not a test....
Go to the Beer Garden now!!!
Tonight will be jumping.
Bruins' Wideman back on the ice
Green apparel?
Check.
ID?
Check.
Safe way to get back home?
Check.
Smith amp; Nephew launches revolutionary openarchitecture suture anchor for rotator cuff repair with greater pullout ...
Happy Birthday Embry Lotus!
The urge to pee multiples by a million when you're desperately trying to unlock your front door.
Im hungry
you see your boy t mitchell from alabama was granted his release , where to next
haha I'll be in UK for Olympics r u there then?
Clubs are in my garage come down and visit pick them up.
My 1st graders write their planet research on paper.
After I check for accuracy they type it on their IPad.
We just accessioned a very important contemporary NativeAmerican artwork more info tomorrow.
Wowiezowie.
Great commercial from Clint Eastwood.
Who is Chrysler's ad agency?
Going up the steps with and she tripped and fell...laughed for about 5 mins...
Coffee, whiskey, sushi, and the residual inspiration of great conversations with friends from throughout the week...
I'm ready to write...
Truth!
: is my fam for life...
Always reppin big blue hockey..
And that's a wrap folks!
The sxsw gesture panel is over.
livetweeting it.
Trivia, Burgers and Craft Beer tonight!
Sign him up!
RT : For the first time in my life, I think it would be fun to be a developer.
chimobile great topic tonight!
So sad to hear about Junior Seau...
gotta respect great players and he was one.
Not done with my science packet and I still have a math packet but I'm proud of myself for getting so much done.A ROUND OF APPLAUSE FOR ME!!
This year's bobcats are the worst team in NBA history.
Please welcome as an official BarTweet Bar Reviewer giving you Real Time bar reviews for !
love trunk
Ladies is pimps too!
Do any cool shoots lately?
i ordered chachimomma pants and its been almost a month since i ordered them
Happy New Year!
We resolve to see even more youthgenerated change this year.
What are your resolutions?
China jails 24 for copyright infringement
good site I threw it on my bookmarks
yea but she is THEE WORSE lol
Will Raheem be the Vikes DCoordinator or secondary coach?
Happy Mother's day!!
:
Happy Thanksgiving!!...
I wanna fall so in love with you and no one else.
These broads going on  on  on about lying men  this that  the other male bashing.
Let them go use energy to
Lol omg omaha mall just came on my ipod remember that?!
Ahahah i love you , happy easter:
No worries, but another 10,000 will make you even richer.
Thanks a ton to all the folks who worked to bring down ALEC.
The fact that they are getting out of the business of legislating: HUGE.
URock
im bouta send u a jam rite now cuz u still got spots open for that mixtape
where do we apply?
:
2nd to the last row Ted vow gathering shirt
Hi B Thx 4 fllwng FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Typing this with my middle finger.
CRG  I bet you shop at Urban Outfitters as well.
So corporate.
Represent.
That's hot
Man...I'm jealous...it would be great to hit all of the courses for the British Open, but The Old Course is a must...congrats!!
thinks we have all been rodeo clowns, providing amusement for those watching while we work so hard at missing the point.
Doing research.
Reading tweets about TheHelp.
Frightening and headache inducing.
Reading The Help made you love the world?
Say what?

I see, but there must be a centralized concept that everyone can live with.
That concept must bring out the truth.
Made a sweet little finger splint out of a plastic fork, a Chipotle napkin, some athletic tape, and some scotch tape.
Yes RT Do Isles have pans of hiring any assistants since they let go of Allen and Chynoweth?
I just played that in Words with Friends!
Trust a person until they have given you a reason not to trust them.
not much.
Sittin here listening to music and bitching about bitchy people xD so much fun :P
Hahaha would not
people expect too much and just end up with disappointment .
!
But I can't leave New York!
Cause I just don't want 2 be actor  singing/songwriting NY is just the place!!
Luv ya!!
Now im at the doctors to get my xray done
Just made SKYLARK come over my house to see the amazing amout of followers we got over these past 4 days He said I got a phone, U know?
Checks are going out soon to partners.
Please review out site for more info about BlastoffNetwork.
www.blastoffnetwork.com
Come on you blues and Packers make this a good weekend
between the type of boyfriends.
When is coming back to the ATL?
Keith David!
I miss seeing him in real shit
The boy's lax team deffinitely knows how to cheer!
Well I'm very glad:
leading use cases effort for dpla.
Important to Tech and content work.
Woohoo!
Monday solitude, except for my Twitter feed of 1959 people  possible spambots.
congrats on the blog numbers you are prolific, I had a very busy day some good potential clinets for me
GoTribe On a scale of 110 my level of tiredness is reaching double digits but on to game 3 of 6
I think I might watch this season :
sprinkles please
THRILLED to be a part of !
We need your voice to help choose SD region's future beginning Nov.
30!
Looks like the 9am class is in the lead in the food doctorve....class with the most weight in food wins a week with Brian Cassidy!
Moon Pie!!!
have not had one of those in decades!
Rejoice in gift God has given you of sweet tooth and incredible energy!!!
that is awesome!
so psyched for you guys!
Thanks for sharing our services page!
Hope you have a good weekend.
Talking to strangers, yo...
Is there a live feed for ?
Would like to see and others.
great job on your food regimen.
Processed food sucks!
FOLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH AND I DID FOLLOW FOR YOU!
3 biggest fan!
THANKS FOR NOT FOLLWING ME..
Havin peanut butter and no jelly!
Don't worry about the snow, TEQUILA THURSDAYS will heat things up!
: 2 Frozen Margaritas
you are so welcome!
They actually have a cup bigger than that!
Time to get excited for a HUGE week !
Tonight after CSWCPWOODS  TheWhippingMan, stick around for the a cappella group !
Thank you!
Def continuing innovation!
RT : Happy Bday  keep up the CleanRevolution innovation
Things u see at WalMart...guy wearing 2 different types of camouflage?
isthataowed?
There is grief because there is love.
2day my husband blessed me with a true Mother's Day Gift by honoring me 2preach the Mother's Day Word.
O Happy Day!
I love this show like a pimp loves to smack a hoe!
Somebody slap J.Hill for his stunt, lol!
Test post from HubSpot.
Bro, this application does not have a valid signature
Talent wins games, perseverance wins championships, with both I'll create a dynasty..
we're definitely not talking about the status quo at 'F' schools
: It annoys me how the same people get noticed.
this.
RT If you don't work on YOU daily, then the only thing that will is gravity.
And we all know what direction that force pulls.
Happiness I cannot feel and love to me is so unreal
thanks for the RT!
We appreciate you!
Yo!!
Look for a Bachman post soon.
I live when people write their lonely statuses on Facebook.
It makes me chuckle.
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time
Watching the Belfast 2010 concert on VH1.
are crushing it.
oh, and have it in the middle of freaking nowhere.
Cc:
WE ARE ALL CONNECTED
Do you own an awesome custom motorcycle, and live anywhere near Phoenixville, PA?
I want to shoot your bike for my portfolio.
read them.
Notice how none of our tweets have anything to do with that and supposably WE start the doctorma, lololol
If TuPac and Biggy were still alive would Lil Wayne still be considered a rapper?
I'll see you on tv tonight killing it  I'll see your beautiful face tonight to 3
Follow I follow Back
i found you!
finally!
i guess the triple e thing worked!
this crap.
i am sick of it.
Im doing good and thank you VERY much!
Scott Proctor giveth and Scott Proctor taketh away.
thanks for the R/T!
Check out our feature on 5 ecofriendly destinations in April issue of w/ the beautiful Whitney Houston on the Cover.
needs new friends ahaha

Vehicle on it's side.
1 patient in Med rig.
Sorry I missed location
please follow me ?
Thanks :
Good morning, Anderson!
I am letting the kids sleep late on the last day of summer!
It is strange to have a quiet house!
Signed and RT'd
Cats are often cleverer than academics.
your beautiful too lol
time to invest in a margarita machine, me thinks :
Thanks!
RT : Happy Easter friends :
ITA.
It's hard tho kids have been in PS their whole lives.
Feels like we are 'deprogramming' in a way.
More like a Champagne Supernova.
Just celebrating Arsenal securing 3rd in typical fashion.
I won that photo contest!
Thanks for your support.
Bummer instagram doesn't send checks.
Members Card Texas Rangers ML 140
: Remember all those long conversations that lasted for hours?
I miss them.
you  youknowwho
slap my nuts
Aim HIGH!
You've got nothing 2 Lose!
;
Congrats on your upcoming new post with IU's Center for Innovation.
We hope to help you spread news on Indiana Innovation
The law of demand states that if price increases quantity demanded will decrease and bitching will increase
Whose going to warped tomorrow?
No it doesn't look like it : Unless someone backs out in the next halfhour.
We'll reconvene at Beginners Part II?
RT : RT if you like Nutri  Grain Cereal BarsPOWERBAR is the best
Thanks for recommending Camtasia.
:
TELL THAT TO DEM HILLBILLIES
Several parishoners note: Raul Castro, an atheist, has a front row seat for Pope Benedict's message.
Thumps up!!
Linda Fiorentino was awesome!!
RT  I hate everything in Jacksonville except my jaguars
omg yes!
3
Thank you for the
where'd you find it?
I love when my favorite songs get stuck in my head.
:3 like now.
What is the key to the Bulls winning the Easter Conference??
super soon!!
Good morning shoppers!
RT your goto merchant for breakfast!
Working away on database research and talking with clients on conference call...
data wizardoctor 101.
I just joined the Brunettes team!
We may be able to help We are happy to evaluate her mister.
Glad to have all of you at Sabbatic!
Love having great neighbors!
Enjoying a night for their fundoctorising extravaganza!
Can't decide on what to bid on.
The green and red chili I used has a hot bite to it.
I love hot chili
Just did in front of my television!
He was supposed to die!
But kids were so traumatized when Optimus Prime died in Transformers that the producers changed it.
Spanish AND French Conversation Tonight from 79pm
WORK IT
Dare to be naive.
Heyy do u know how happy I would be if u could please reply me : please 3
omfg I need to erase that from my mind btw just did my post about Louis and leo
Hoodie and Hoopin Shorts type of weather.
Ayyeeee
Just saw the Chicago highlights.
Scottie Pippen shouldn't get into the motivational speaking business.
If this rebellion he does not underrate, perhaps he can reclaim his state?
: thanks : that wood looks beautiful!!
I seriously audibly laughed in the the CDPE class.
Thanks for the ...
ugh, you and your made up language!
xD
Important to provide citations that the reader would need to find the source of information
cool, glad they went to a good home!
Sorry about the game.
Was nice to see you yesterday!
Math is an instrument of patriarchy; its rigor is merely a manifestation of the totalitarian mindset.
I'm just a cold mutha fucka
Windows 8 is blowing my mind right now.
In a related note, minimalism is for assholes.
It's okay baby cakes....tonight I'm making brownies!
Goodnight Monica.
right!
i know it:
Sitting at home all day and not masturbating is the definition of self control.
Attempting to get another ssn card for my son and the 's haven't moved!!!
Did I choose the wrong option?
Other groups is moving!!!
seriously can 20 be like that everyday!
keep us updated!RT : We are currently developing an article series on using WordPress for nonprofessort websites and blogs.
Suddenly I am used to
Thank God for Saturdays
Hope yall bitches paid your deposits !
!
!
Just once i want to wake up on a monday morning, turn on the news and hear Monday has been canceled, you can go back to sleep now.
send us your stuff!
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out?
:DD 5
Thank you James Barham, for sharing research to date.
Great convo starter!
dont worry about what you dont know, life is a dance you learn as you go.
can't wait to see what you make, not sure I've ever tried that!
RT hey everyone should check out this webinar this afternoon PM EST www.valueofprint.com
ok.
starting....now
just saw all your RTs!
Am i too late for one!?!?
This weather 
Hard at work getting ready for the next event
I hear ya man.
Its nasty at least football is on today
Some people were doctorpped as a baby.
YOU were clearly thrown at a wall.
nowplaying Taxi War Dance from 'Music for Lighthousekeeping' by Howard Rumsey's Lighthouse AllStars.
Need an escape to Boston?
We have packages to accommodate any of your needs!
: 800.225.2008
OMG 4 patron shots tonight and 2 coronas !
!
!
you better be seeing my tweets.
TWEET please, shes loosing her battle with cancer.
Let her know you love her!!!
Gracie, the kitty cat, is taking a nap.
I can love with with all my heart but the hardest part is, I just can't love you back.
what do you think?
My website is currently down, but I am working hard to get it back up...if 1  1 would only conduct good business practices.
Hrumph.
Esp.
for WV strip clubs and sex shops.
Bay Street Brassworks New CD Brass On Fire has been nominated for a Wammy Award.
Fuck fake bitches.
God damn
Links We Love: Isaac Mizrahi Launches a Baby Line  Jason Wu Hits Target Sweet deal!
Lea Michele is going to be the new spokesperson for
GBR SHRM chapter meeting Thurs.
Jay Stovall gave labor update.Employer alert!
NLRB has waded into social media big time w/ no end in site!
Will kinda miss Cory Provus and I am sure that I will kinda miss his replacement when he leaves in 3 years
I really DO hope so, i just barely starting to learn, and I HAVE no idea how to read music...
Orthodontist!
Is it weird I love going?
Guess that's why I'm going to be one!
I don't think I've ever been this sick.
FML.
Thanks for following: Albuquerque Pro Bailee Hanna sumikhatun93
Ever wanted to participate in a flashmob.
Here's your chance San Diego!
FREE  open to the public!
www.sandiegoweddingparty.com
Collaborations don't require hierarchies  every party involved has a give and a get.
RT : When you go to the Turner suite, definitely check out the Core Video Player team in the back corner.
Its amazing.
Very important point RT : How do we challenge the idea that there can only be one person in charge?
RT : Wow!
131 units have been sold since the beginning of the year.
Congratulations to the Axis Brickell Sales Team!
.
retiring as a Bird today.
Best Eagle of all time.
Thank you for bringing such intensity every single gameday.
Your guys played hard!
Just too many injuries at the end of the season.
haha.
That's funny, what's it for?
Shout out to who has a BIG interview today!
You'll rock it, sugar.
Good luck.
Keep me posted.
: Season Finale already?
What was that, 4 episodes ??
All those cardboard boxes turned into this?
Nice transmutation, dude!
Lilly  Chloe just made their debut as DJ's.
2  4 and time to work!!
Prosecutor Tamara Strauch now gets the last word.
This is not an intent based crime.
Bronson's intent doesn't matter.
Took pills, doctornk.
Urban ebook readers.
Download your copy of ATown Veteran and the Street Advocate by ColeHart.
99 cents each.
Augusta Amazon youths .
you felt kinda bad...
smiley face ;
I love this bar!
Fiddle and Steel Guitar Bar
Phx loses Utah loses
she my everything
Of all the thirtysix alternatives, running away is best.
Sometimes my boyfriend is such a fuckin baby I don't know whether I should blow him or burp him
It's so weird because I'm so busy writing my book I almost forgot to notice things like superTuesday and AIPAC this year
I LOVE SEX , SMOKIN , doctorNKIN , MONEY AND PARTY'S BUT MOST OF ALL...........
FEELIN FAMOUS !
LOL
coming out swinging.
Tell ya what
WE love you!
Ctfu , Ghaaaa A New Word, Just For Me, Im Honored , lol
Me too!
It'll be so nice to meet in person.
Thanks to for getting everyone together.
:
I'm still sick why am I here
I like your policy on this!
Mentioning shows is one thing, but if its the only thing...
I almost accidentally tweeted a text message.
Shit would have got real, quick!
lmao
Party Rental on their waybecausewe're having a party AND art Auction May 12.
aljirafineartauction
The things , i put up with ....
From you .
She has to give more than she receives tho lol
I love lot of ppl!
If I starts to number, I'll never finish xD
FULL LINEUP!
Welcome Mike to ALESSA IS RED.
more news coming VERY soon!
Juss fell down the stairs with a glass of oj now it all over the place a hell of a clean of now :
A big reason that so few take advantage of all we have is simply neglect, It causes us to miss the opportunities that our freedom gives us
Big ups to my boy , who finds out where his residency will be at today.
He also promises to give more of an effort on Twitter.
Haha.
I so want that mixtape.
When Im All Alone I Think About Your Face...
Chris Paul can admit when he's had a horrible game though.
Gotta respect that.
The fact that MuseumEd  Teaching Students but ArchivesEd  Training Archivists is something that needs to change
Ladies and Gentleman, let's welcome Taylor Newman to Twitter!
Fellmeth: We need parenting education.
Trigonometry not used by many after HS but parenting skills are needed by most.
OMG!!
The Master Cleanse isn't a diet!!!!!
Hello!
No can do.
Institute's got me for evening.
Tomorrow or Wed?
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Mommy's!
Histopathology Blood Acute leukemia
Good morning!
We're open today starting at 9am.
We have additional Planetarium times all this week, too.
Have a gat day.
Good morning!!!
Christ Jesus, those penguins were tall
Just sent you a digital copy via doctorpbox.
congrats on grad my journalism friend!
Proud of you.
This tweet needs childhoodphoto that I don't have access to right now...:
I love tequila.
you meet a lot of people in bathrooms.
did he give you the answer to a trivia question?
it does
Aaaaaahhhhh!!!
So close
Hey man, are you up for coffee or a phone call next week?
I'd love your advice and feedback on my startup, AirPay.
Girl has Big O on amusement park ride.
see the video..real or fake?
decide
Sexual chocolate?
is going to be a guest?
True!
I just need slutty outoftown friends now.
Me Too!!!
: OH If I win the big lottery jackpot, I'm starting a VC fund
Does anyone else watch The Wieners Circle??
He holds me in his big arms, doctornk and I am seeing stars; this is all I think of.
haha make you have a piss rush!
That's good.
I'm in the world's largest storm cell.
Revolve Friday!
:D
hey Phil!
I like your face will u marry me?
Wahh I forget no new episode tonight.
Well this sucks.
Guess I have no excuse to not pack....
Boo
Keys in my pocket hit me on the Batphone
And I am what I am, a train wreck.
This is a test...I wonder when you will tweet me back 
I'm guessing Upshaw.
RT : got my alarms set!
m youalwaysbossme // sit down and be quiet.
Tebow will eat a homeless person if you dare him.
Derby, Michigan, home, beach, lake, Europe, lake
Happy Fathers Day
You're a handsome devil.
What's your name?
Fun times, indeed!
And totally, you can be our house band any time you like!
Another big moment in UB history: Ida C.
Bendler  Natalie Mankell also became UB's first female faculty on this date in 1895.
How many people are running for Chicago mayor?
Any site suggestions about good place to follow this?
TFH: Welcome to the party.
Ed Sheerans videos are all so fucking emotional.
Oh, Congrats!
Would this one move the interview if they knew when you'll be out there?
The Pens win.
Equilibrium reestablished in the universe.
RT doctorving to 1702 Hawkins Circle, Southampton.
ETA 10:31 AM using Waze  doctorve Social
Damn near not funna be in any of my classes tomorrow, :/
oh gosh if it was by chipotle i'd be there everyday!
even though I am already hahaha
Hugh is about to start his cookbook signing at Outwright Bookstore in Midtown.
Home sweet Atlanta.
Governor: How does it help America's kids to call Social Security a Ponzi scheme?
Did I fall asleep?
Totally missed that it was after 2!
E is even more than anyone that you adore and love is all that I can give you 3
BTW should you ever lose your ID in Vegas, you can board with your Costco card.
tomorrow's outfit?
Shorts and a t shirt
Happy Thursday!
Want a girl that doesn't hide shit.
MT Kuroda did a good job today...just no run support as usual.
...Been the story of his life...
RT : RT this and follow me to be entered to win a Prototype 2 digital comic.
I Feel Love for Austin Mahone.
Yes.
Him
Have a picnic in Central Park!
See a play on Broadway!
Tour the offices!
Wishing you safe travels from Tucson to NYC.
Joe Paterno has reached, molded, and taught many men not only about football, but about life.
His legacy will be that of a great teacher.
um yes.
ive done 3 pages in one so far.
only like 3 more sketchbooks to go
Abed doing stand up with Troy in the audience HILARIOUS .
Communitywinning
would you say you were buzzing like a bee, or a hummingbird.
Playful minds want to know!
; contact me anytime.
Hey Stranger!!
How are you?
Come into the tasting room and mention Twitter Sale and get 20 off your purchase.
Today Only!
Open 126pm.
Happy New Year!!!
If I ever make a movie about delivery doctorvers, I will call it The Slow and the Surly.
doctor, it's why I do the whole pirate thing
Almost 700 :D 360 followers from the goal
I'm not but I'm just so far from my baby.
Its depressing
M...
Zinc has delicious fishes...
IF VITO CORLEONE FELL ASLEEP IN THE SUN HE WOULD LOOK LIKE KANYE WEST.
11 months of Romney rhetoric might just doctorve me over the edge.
I feel bad for words.
Next time I get some jet fuel on me I am definitely using Tide.
thanks for following!
Check out our design blog and forum www.wearelux.com
Can't wait to see whats going on here
I believe: RT In 2011, the  of smartphones sold outnumbered the  of PCs sold.
Future mobile sales will dwarf everything else.
just called my tweets boring.
I'll take that as a complement  Simple is what I go for.
Are you asleep yet?
Good morning everyone, we just want to thank you lovely people again for being so kind and supportive, we 3 you all, much love h2p
Prolific?
I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason.
Puff Daddy
wow, for what?
nah this aint right, severe back and neck ache at the age of 21, complain complain but
Tell Congress to be transparent on contraceptive debate
Music has my heart pumping!
It's 111 degrees in LA.
Maybe we'll just stay here...
:
Diamond Head conquered.
Hanauma Bay up next!
marv no....asia miles!?
of course human interaction is terrifying.
THAT'S THE KIND I GOT INSTEAD.
WOAH.
Started the New Years Eve celebration with the traditional 12 mile run, powered by Skittles.
Now for some football.
We need to change the tax code and other policies, not make people change jobs to solve concentration of wealth probs.
Eat, sleep, doctornk, fun.
Congrats man!
We need to grab a burrito soon!
thanks.
Can't time machine back up to it, right?
I'm pretty sure I didnt do well on this food science test.
Oh well just wanna hurry up and get out of here.
Finally ditched my ergonomic keyboard!
I can already feel my Carpal Tunnel starting to Syndoctorme.
That is crazy : Still haven't from any of the fam except for !
Smh!!
That's crazy!!
I don't care either!
S/o to for never hanging out with me.
Cool
Science 2011: Jennifer Harper Students who participated in hands on learning received a higher scaled score in science.
I'm not gonna say a thing.
Mi teaser trailer es su teaser trailer.
We will be arriving tomorrow!
Sunday Funday!
Continuing the celebration from last night Rangers win?!
Join us today for the Cowboys game!
Will the Cowboys win?
Tomorrow......it's ladies night w DJ E Square at 8 pm.......happy hour at tiki bar...doctornk specials....!!!!!
Starting at 6pm...
Yes or no?
G o o g l e jumped the shark today with its MD banner.
Well thank you  great pic!
Supplying quality exotic hardwood flooring and decking for over 15 years.
The man who stops advertising to save money is like the man who stops the clock to save time.
Thomas Jefferson
reminding everyone that WWC is part of the Greenwood Artwalk tomorrow!
Come by and meet the artist who donated such beautiful work to us!
I am so beyond excited about the new collection.
It's different from what I've been doing but I'm loving the creative process!
Stay tuned.
I was sad that no one joined in.
So much to blog about, so little time.
We'll love you just the way you are if you're perfect
8 out of 10 times, I'm the bad guy..thats my role.
Hell!!!
ToddlersAndTiaras is back and I'm about to get real angry at my tv lol
so what you wanna do opportunity right in front of you
have fun!
The show already aired my time!
She's on in the later part of the show?
Have fun at !
I see them next week  my 3rd time.
Watch 's hands on that guitar.
Impressive talent!
.
Gov't is the great fiction where everyone tries to live at the expense of everyone else.
Track workout today: 7 min mile warmup.
8x200m at :33 with 1 min rest between.
Mile cool down.
Can't sleep so much on my mind.
European Jazz Motion  Shrine Bar 2nite, 1011p.
Kids R smokin'.
Off 2 DC 2morrow.
Twins says they'll have the piano tuned.
Here's hoping.
nah whenever YOU are
RT : Just my opinion, but I've got to keep it 100.
Brandon Venson has looked the best of the rookie TEs.
Still early though.
Downloaded the BeerCloud app to find its a weak  out of date app.
Are there any other good iPhone apps 4 beer lovers?
Lausanne just posted...CLOSED!
Winners keep improving.
or today
Nothing like having a fresh cut.
Loving did,,
With a huge cock!
8 RT : you're a BASIC BITCH anyway
WH just revealed Obama's longform birth certificate.
The Birther wackos will undoubtedly come up with a new conspiracy theory.
f??
hahahaha .
why stay away from him?
omg mom and dad have lost it
What night are you attending?
Or did you go already?
haha I have to put shower and eat on my daily to do list when I'm working at home too!
Morning Bear and Bull Family!!
Go
!
RT No more tweets abt 'crime'  'conviction' from you from now on, young lady :
me either then they all decided to hop in...and they were all wrong
Or see if their last name is Biff Tannen :
Every time I talk to you, I see that smile and those eyes, and I realize I can't get over this one.3
Overslept a little, and almost missed the bus.
Listening to No Sleep till Brooklyn
RT : Cumberbatch does a great job of reminding us why Holmes has no friends.
What problems is the DPLA trying to solve?
1.
Collective action
I think I'm gonna Tweet every line from the play today.
For the benefit of those who can't see it.
JUST KIDDING, DON'T UNFOLLOW ME!
Today in Blues History: Robert Nighthawk recorded My Sweet Loving Woman November 10, 1948, as Chess single number 1484.
I could really go for a cold one right now...
cause the bottom of this one is kinda warm.
Should have run today
follow her shes cool ss dnt tell her i tweeted this haha LoL ; :
no its durp
all I had to do was say I'm ready for golf season haha!
Damn!
He think he balllllin
TRUE DEFINITION OF doctorUGHT!
Musicfest AND BBQ rain free?
Didn't think that was possible...
MW3 right now 
We could be like slash.
We'd play guitar solos, while smoking a cigarette, with Fergies ass on our face.
Today!
Kickoff to Houston's own Flamenco Festival, care of Del Espadín flamenco studios benefitting the Flamenco Foundation of Houston!
did you find anything?
Where is the house?
It's not the pie museum correct ?
2 whiteprivilege allows one to dismiss race as uncomplicated  argue that race is as complicated as goddamn Santa Claus
haha i feel you son
happy mothers day pattie!
Every year on your birthday, you get a chance to start new.
Thanks for the follow!
Had a lot of fun today!
:
now that's what I call festive!
New Photos from Fringe just posted!
www.stephaniepfreed.com
Got plans?
Join us tonight 67:30PM, as Mesa Mayor Scott Smith holds a town hall meeting at the Mesa Historical Museum.
I guess i'll try to go sleep.
Goodnight twitter :
hahaha!
I believe you!
Our brother was good at making a racket.
hmm , can't wait till you get off
Great post!
It's : that Mark didn't report his tweet to Anthony B.
that said FK U!
Come to UofL!
Shame
No, they just get run over!!!
can u believe up til 50yrs ago the mentally disabled were sent2 institutionalizations forgotten abt  the doctors orders?
RT if ur ashamed
working on it!
;
Friend said to me, 'You couldn't go vegan.
Your husband keeps pig's heads in the fridge!' True.
But I accepted the challenge.
cantdoit pft!
is trying to make your life better.
Espresso bar from 12pm to 7pm today.
WHat happened to Sabi?
Haha did you see Justin's face?
Masque...
Step it up :/ and I are visiting...
It's a Murphy's Law kind of a day
Most elephants weigh less than a blue whale's tongue.
Between the horror that was Wonder Woman issue 7 and the atrocity of today's internets, I wish I had hidden under the covers this morning.
finally at the one inch mark!
do any of you want pics?
eugene
Molly Sullivan's Dance Party tonight!
yes this is really me: and Thanks!
Can you please share it with your friends like Facebook it??:
decided against Life?
It's Monday and we get a letter from IRS that they're holding our refund until they do a review of our taxes.
auditsstink!
Set up a Steam account last night  send me your names so I can friend you!
I'm Kalareth
Major announcements coming for doctorgfreehomefoundation.org.
Home safety discovery tools for cocaine, meth, heroin, amph, alcohol
You should check out our for your application.
Tonight's hurting everyone's brackets!!
crowdfunding Not that I know of.
The highest I've seen is 10k
damn I went hard that day 8
definitely available for Canada.
Hiding homeowner's trees may be possible if trees were flagged in a certain way.
No dunkin donutsthe worst monday morning ever
appears that Braun might possibly have a cough/cold ?
Absolutely!!!!
No question!
It is my passion!
That's great!
I'm sure he'll get it mastered before too long
Reindeer Games is on the throne.
Type 1 or juvenile diabetes affects 70,000 childoctorn under the age of 15 years every year.
thanks for the follow:
Where are the grownwomen?
awesome!
Can I find the hours for open gym at jam online?
I can't wait to check out the new gym and play :
of course!
How long will the event be going on?
: Just knowing im gonna walk into work when the sun is out and then walk out when the moon is out kills my mood
Fabulous cut  color at Runway in Newburyport  thank you I've so found my new salon
Yay!!
So glad u could make it.
Why do people insist on telling you to stick to football every time you post on another sport?
Post away, Peter
wow, that was completely unexpected, and he made the wrong decision!
that will be how we spend out Sunday...can't wait!
; Have a good/productive day...
I can't wait for Kate Boka to teach tonight at the Wright Way Master Classes Broadway audition seminar  Las Vegas!
Stick to sports, Mike.
RT : OMG, there is NONE bettah than Pearl Northridge CA.
Thank you.
Thanks Kate!
Good luck and hopefully we'll be giving you a free download this month!
I thought it wasn't possible, but the yammer iPhone app just got uglier.
WorldsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I can't wait for next semester to start!
I don't think so!
Tragic Johnson
720 communities around the USA now have some type of OWS presence.
can I charge those flip cameras via the USB or do they have to be plugged into the wall?
and no, that's not a dumb question.
Rule 1: you must never mistreat the bacon.
2day is simply a boring day.....sigh
sorry you just answered my question.
thanks
I knew you would!
Great teachers see it.
Just found out who stoled my iphone
I am very humbled by how much God has blessed me with...from the biggest of things to the littlest of things.
Rudy Rude on the mic this Friday night giving us some much needed music!
You Should Do That, It Would Be Nice!!!
well that went well..
tied in
I guess why not....
One of my favorite artists is none other than the singer Jack Johnson.
OMG The One and Only???
I can't wait for you to break out of Bill Bixby mode and go all Lou Ferrigno on mla11.
You'll get noticed, all right.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with Guess on it...so I said Implants?
Morning, twitfam!
Lots to do today.
Can we, as a nation, continue together permanently..?
..The problem is too mighty for me.
May God, in His mercy, superintend the solution.
ugh tell me about it : /
hey sweetie!
Miss ya!
Making out in line for the bathroom?
Not ok.
hi.
if u get a chance, check out seonhwa lee on the range.
really nice player.
amazing swing.
think shes been hurt lately.
i meant oh well
Haven't tweeted much, just been on focus mode with spring ball, but all y'all have a blessed day
Congrats to DeAndoctor Presley for getting a deal with the San Diego Chargers...he's going to make that team!
Met the great Samu yesterday at New England Fanfest !!
Now I need to meet !!
Doctor of Chiropractic news flash: Yergason's shoulder test has 35 specificity.
Why use it?
Poor predictor.
ready to throw a diy show after that doc...
thanks for the rec!
if I really tried hard at it I'm sure I could.
But probably not :P.
How bout you??
OH SHIT!
IT'S ABOUT TO GET COSMIC IN THE MCU!
Right out the box Emily Dicnwho?
Awesome.
Lol he smokes weed and steals socks!
Wtf.
All kelly clarkson songs make me want to vomit.
i did
Sounds like you get around like me:
But there is always next season.
I love the Pens and they will raise the Cup again.
thoughtsduringschool Will this be on the bar?
...
Whoa did you really post that on Facebook?...
Huh?
Oh, can you repeat the question?
Looking forward to a great volunteer leader call tonight, talking Digital Organizing with and
yay MSM has Whitney's death to focus on over the atrocities happening every in the world.
MJ's trial got more airtime than Darfur genocide.
yeah that's a good question.
Busy enough to make a living :
Success  If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
Then quit.
There's no use being a damn fool about it.
Reading Ghost In The Wires by Kevin Mitnick.
Gripping because Kevin Mitnick is obsessed to the point of being ridiculous.
I believe in fairy tale endings.
guy on the Bachelorette
Ha!
RT Facebook is worth 100B?
They totally stole the idea of invasion of privacy  imaginary farms from North Korea.
God bless the women that can hold Patron.
doctorve to save Chester College faces real deadline  Eagle Tribune
I FUCKS WITH IT FOOL WESTSIDE TT DAT HOOK CATCHY AS FUCK TOO MY NIGGA !
they say hangovers bring one closer to god...closer than the booze of the night before..
I can not stand nick cannon !
Good Morning Everyone 
I am a pervert on the low though.
About to start watching Big Love Season 4!
WATS GOOD BRO HOLD ME DOWN GO TO MY FAN PAGE AND LIKE WOULD HELP A GREAT DEAL
Why not?
Share lots and prosper.
Cathleen Kaveny: sexist structures need to be critiqued because they are false
hope your day is going well....
I loved your mothers day special it was amazing
You have till 2 p.m.
TODAY to RT and be entered in a doctorwing for tix on 4/23...you'll also be entered for the 4/25 game!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA,cant imagine ur killin face on ma wedding :p
iHateitwhenlittlekids Stick Their Toungue Out Like It Hurts Me!?!So Impresive........NOT!
...
that bad?
Omg lol I bet Someones gonna die and come back to life or some chiz
have a great day and happy mother's day!
The Daily Show to in the Charlotte Mecklenburg Library during the DNC this fall.
Libraries in the media  gotta love it!...
is becoming one of the biggest mma fans.
Mave to hit up the ight hit up the jui jitsu class
With companion.
It was shared and made for a very comfy flight.
: Might I remind you that it was cross country?
cc:
lol : Only if were lucky : RT : Nightlife will be the death of us.
I totally relate!
haha!
follow me so I can give yhu my number nd Donovan said yhu fine lolz :
we sport facebook.com/VZPARTYSTORE
That's what I like to hear!
:
Great leaders don't need to respond to every email  let your team weigh in with their decisions and don't always need your input
Lmao!,I think you're right
has added AIA, , of Northern NV and Black Rock Design Institute to our list of sponsors.
the things I would do for a large lemonade right now...
I'm ready are u ???lol
You can't always beat the market.
Consider inexpensive indexfunds.
Those funds will closely track overall market performance.
has no swag he has
Harry Potter  the Deadly Hallows II.
Relentless Action Movie!
It Just does not stop!
Daniel Radcliffe.
No problem sir.
ha thanks
Sweet!
Thanks for the retweet!
At a hotel for my bday lol.
So u got a Facebook
Fun to sign on to Twitter and see FF Hope you had a wonderful day, my friend!
I'm reminded that the following can be used for social change: twitter, letters to the editor, graffiti, book reviews, etc.
Spoke with a MS rep who recommended taking IDL  MOF cert.
test.
Any thoughts on IDL or MOF?
Will do!
He's in good hands with !
you sicken me 
Can I come and pay homage to the Super Bowl victories...?
Same old Caps.
Those are the worse
So tired of Kelly Clarkson's don't need a man schtik!
RT : Our 5th birthday is just 3 weeks away!
Stay tuned to our twitter feed for some exciting announcements!!
If you don't leave convention full of inspiration and a need to go out and shoot, you don't have a pulse.
Don't waste time with sizes and styles and returns.
She will write a check in a second and put it in envelope for any gift occasion
Need new shoes, Chucks in the locker are looking rough.
May go Vans for ride days.
Hey Bar Reviewer have updated our system.
Just add milwaukeebars to send a Real Time Bar Review
RT : Most kids 612 in US and Canada have used YouTube as gateway to other content/make purchases
Just finish getting dicked up!
Omg i cant feel my legs!
Parking tickets don't magically disappear when you look like you're going to cry.Though i did manage to get the parking police to feel b ...
Looked to me like semiofficially received Woody Guthrie's mantle tonight.
And what a fucking show.
I sure dont
thanks!
and thanks for your item on the list
madison looks good today
psshh, that's so coachella.
they'd resurrect kurt cobain or sid  nancy before tupac here ;
Of course and were outstanding too !
lol  sportscenter saying anyone getting dunked on gasol'd
Vermont campaign finance bill dead for year
not if you're ugly, chances are actually divided in half.
should we sign eric gordon and goran doctorgic this summer?
IKR but I have u and all my other friends to help me with getting sleep which is great
Need advice on a telephone system solution for your business?
Looking for bespoke pricing and services built around your requirements?
Someday, future generations will say: Why the hell didn't our parents  grandparents pay down U.S.
Debt?
Now we're screwed!
The fact that my bus sings songs everyday on the way home makes me love LF3
ayyyee !
Just bough just dance 3 for our Wii !!
wow!
Where at?
Living at the
I have a 103.6 fever...
the day before an ap test.
Kansas: Kansas moves closer to ending ban on happy hour.
Via CBS news
Delete nothing.
See every negative comment as an opportunity for awesome.
via
what was it for then?
Its nice to be off 2mister.
Fergie would kill Mancini.
NCAA title game embodied the tournament: build up to a great ending...and then nothing.
Least exciting tourney in recent memory.
Just received a political robo call that said it understood if I was flustrated with current system.
I don't think it understands at all.
No matter where u go u are what u are player And u can try to change but that's just the top layer Man u was who u was 'fore you got here...
way to go!
DMing dnd for my 1st time tonight.
Go easy on me, my fellow adventurers.
Hope your well  hope to see you soon.
Marilyn Johnson I love how yr not covered in billboards
Thanks but I already emailed with you w no resolution.
In fact, I think is a scam.
Pareto rule in action?
80 of mobile apps downloaded and then never used again.
I personally prefer mobilefriendly websites.
My seven year old keeps it so real.
No phony in her.
Anyone disrespect , the best analyst ur gonna have to deal with SpursNation!
yesterday our class went on this trip and it was lame
great quote from my bud sarah: to get ahead you gotta cut throat.
...Friend tubes?
Or Volleyball?
LMK
naw i comment on her pick saggy titties ctfu..she went hard then blocked me..bitch still aint get implants yet get a lift ctfu
Have fun today!
If, by chance, there are poker shenanigans...take it down!!!
February 2011 Cell Phone Promotions: First Month Free!, FREE Activation!, You  3  FREE!, You  5  FREE!.
Christopher: 602.573.4157
: this nigga bit me Loll
House music set me free!
:
went to tacobell first ave evansville in.
forgot debit card Manager Chris Grisham and staff should be given raises for honesty.
Cracked my damn iPhone screen.
Smh
Alex Will One day Be On a Huge Movie Poster!!!
just put It's not the size of the bird that matters.
into a failure report
I'm so fucking comfortable, but my bladder...
:c
still grinding at the Superdome!
Join us for the Booze Crooze tonight!
Starts at Sunday Cycles Bike Shop at 7:30pm!
It'll be Fun!
ITS ALL I KNOW!!!!
Not quite the same offensive show we saw last night in the Rose Bowl, both MSU and the Badgers shooting under 30
bummer!
I liked having you at the fall one in dec.
can you advertise for your Ed staff?
68pm.
Just have them send me an email.
tweet her and dm plz thnx ima give you a shout out if you do
A folk remedy for reducing fever: make a strong tea from dung of the jackrabbit and doctornk it every halfhour.
Who's on first?
Nice!
What did you use?
Are you a MileyCyrus Fan?
Then follow He's a Dude who's a
SHOOT THEM!!
LOL Just kidding!
Sending loads of love to you Ms.
NeNe!!
You are amazing!
First order of business  BRUNCHES
Woke up this morning on da grind
I'm going to Belfry this year !!!
Not , Lenore :
I can not form words today
Zumba, Yoga, Pilates, Studio Crossfit New FitnessDance Studio Superimpactfitness.com Register now!
me and are coming to the banquet
How is your sunday looking?
Well, at least the NL gets the win, even if it is the Cards.
Cubs in 2012!
huge fan totally rocking it with class.
Way better than the others .
did you see iit in Chicago????
God will decide which one works..
I will not miss the next opportunity.
I 100 agree with you!
I think it's like true an real
Watchn basketball wives
Pliny the Elder, right?
If you've got Pliny the Younger, I may need to make a crosscountry trip right quick.
Yess !
I wondered where my sweetheart went :
Pens following the example of their captainin, acting like total assholes.
Way'n go Sid the kid.
Hey my twitter unfollowed a bunch of people, so I've tried to follow them all back.
Ive gotten to Memphis TN there was a guy on the corner downtown with an iguana on his shoulder  it WILL be interesting
I dunno.
But hey here's the .
5712136650.
Hit me up!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
10
Historic Midwest crop choices  durable, storable for shipping cross country.
Mark Muller.
Try our newest bar: our very own organic Milk Chocolate Bar.
It's absolutely delicious, and of course beautiful, too!
: Thanks for the offer.
We're currently looking into our use of SSL certificates.
Let us know if you have Questions
don't hate on my man
Is the game on
buy a crappy house, fix it up and live in it!
Let me know when you're ready!
I got'cha a few here in Atlanta!
Foot hurts just as bad as it did when i sprained it last week...
:/
Missed the first half of A Walk to Remember.
I love the sun coming through the windows!
Especially on Sundays.
Good night twitter loves!
I hope everyone wakes up to an amazing day with lots of positivity!
If you rap or sing RETWEET!
tell all of your followers to follow me ok
Fair tonight !:D hell yeah !:
Tom Russell Canadian Whiskey mpg
see u there!!
You are my sweetest downfall..
3
and, my day is made.
going great thanks!
sf  la meeting  denver...can't wait for one last run up in the mtns with / updates coming!
All the videos are finished and are great.
Randy Rogan, a true pro!
Thanks for everything!
Connecting with my super over burning trees
I didn't get a dime why should I endorse it???
Caught The Green Hornet last night.
It was decent Hollywood fun.
Not an award winner or anything just good pulp fun.
What happen to maturity if your not gonna respond to someone let it be known don't let them sit and wait that just rude
Look out for Broken Kingdom movie, it rocks!
If you use the super useful IMDb.com, you can track it  new trailer and campaign coming soon.
I wouldn't call it that.
Thought you'd make a cool guest...Ranella thought so too...not sure now.
says, Why are we still awake?
I reply, There's a lot about Katy Perry's life that I need to know.
Goodnight.
Being an only child is awesome, I'm not even gonna lie.
Not because I'm a spoiled brat or anything but because I've learned to live alone.
since u can change the musical arrangement but not the words on a demo, do u judge the demo on the lyrics only or the whole package?
an outside company haha
Wow, The end of the world  the end of Slim Jim commercials.
Too much to absorb
we are gonna celebrate 30 years of LA soon so you already know.
I don't care who the president is as long as I get my food.
juice.
partying.
Grassfield vs.
Greatbridge senior night girls soccer game.
ready to get out your summer clothes?
Ready for a great tan?
new organic formula delivers flawless natural results call today 4appt 8578278
Oh I've never seen snow sadly ..
/:
In the dead of the night, shot past 2000 registered users...
up, up, up we go.
Happy to!
All the best to you too!
Take a little walk in the country with me333
cant wait for Take Care!
ima get it that day!
who!
one of the nicest flows
100 degrees today.
Spanish Fly pool is packed!
Working on this track with and !
What a week!
FF for these awesome people on the move
Us too!
RT : Getting our Foodiechats on in Miami!
i officially have no more braces baby!!!!!!
My mouth feels so weird
yo thank you for rocking out tonight!
You killed it!
Geeked up of them bars.
I love how you act just like your bestfriend does now that you aren't going out with her.
scary indeed families sleeping in cars standing guard at the emergency room.
60 minutes tonight was straight depressing!
Ladies named sheila piss me off
It's been a long time...We shouldn't have left you with out a good tweet 2 tweet 2.
Hey TeamFreedom were back on twitter and we missed U!
thank you.
Happy Mother's Day to you!
Hope u are getting spoiled today.
;
will you be my long time guy?
Follow us onm Facebook!
DWade looked like he wanted to fight Kobe when they asked him about the foul in the AllStar game.
tomorrow is shaping up to be a great day!
SteveO, smack off, SOAM2 , and facts!
eargasms!!!
Outmemed by the tumblr staff at mw2012.
It's on.
I think writing adequately about the Holocaust couldn't help but be intense.
watchin these bad aas childoctorn like really doe
Thank you.
Happy to be included here.
:
Library connects us to the world around us, before us, and perhaps ahead of us!
Yo bitch gt no arms but would.swim threw the ocean 4 me and no legs bt still run threw mud for a macyoung little
shii i cuda came tuesday but was too lazy.
ill c if i cud come next week thursday iA
What's ur favorite WWE Finisher?
I have a few favorites.
1 of them is the Stone Cold Stunner
Make Sure you follow
Bob Barker taking in his trash cans stopped and pet my dogs.
Yes they were spayed and neutered.
Ewww hotter than the devil's panties!
!!
RT I wanna see you on DWTS next year!
shirtless
The Soviet Red Army struck fear in my heart when I was a kid.
Nothing more intimidating in sports!
thanks!
Glad you liked it
hahaha WE NEED IPHONES.
but somehow I will let you know..I'm sure I'll have enough time though!
not that I have a stake in either game, but sucks to end on a missed kick.
Sorry,
Retrograde ejaculation is the propulsion of semen from the posterior ...
Where the H.
have you been?
I miss the crap out of you.
tell me about it.
I was the assignment editor at NY1, blocks from Times Square  I worked that night
chicks from modern family
Missin the caddy, lol and man do i fucking hate ppl on craigslist
he will always struggle his hands are too big.
His hands are like a 6'10 guys hands.
LeBron James would beg to differ.
Never get hurt when God takes something off your hands, it's sure that He leaving you empty handed to received something better.
I would take it all back
there arenno Ugh's in early morning workouts.
Only woo hoo's
Another night wasted i might say.
2011 bout to come to a close...
N I'm still standin
i hope that Harry Hamlin gives me a free sample of Depends
Good luck MIAD seniors on thesis preview tomorrow!
Can't wait to see what you all cooked up...
definitely it's been months since acting class for me!
Hay maybe we could go see a movie or something?
;
I had deduced that from women's use of unnecessary construction I think that.
Training myself not to, but accept social cost.
look to doctor Ma Zheng, Henan University.
She was the first PhD in Gibran studies in China.
Publishings from conference to come
Defense please please please please please please please please please 140 characters doesn't allow me enough pleases please please please
Today serving breakfast sandwiches like you wouldn't believe plus the Parisian Omelet, Mulligatawny soup or Crispy Chicken and Apple Salad.
need hat for this weekend!
haha!!
I like how the episode didn't doctorg out announcing the winners for SOO LONG like all reality television does these days.
We are seeking a wordpress webdeveloper to assist with our websites.
Email us if interested
Audi vampires released before superbowl.
Worth a view once  good call playing on vampires
I just want to wake up next to you.
Two things I feel people should know.
1.
Poppeyes chicken is the shit.
2.
If you own a square etsy has some neat cases for them
So late but on my way to duanereadevip!
awesome!
:D
show Magic Mike posted with White House Pic send ur thoughts
Off to mentor
Come tmister I'll have short hair again :
haha i agree!!
Oh so what about tyler and caroline?
Will she notice?
love is soo much more than just a word
I'd rather have a life of oh wells than a life of what ifs
we gonna spend a million in puerto rico now!
The economic impact of MIA is 26.7 billion per year.
thank you!
:
makes me want to apply for a research grant to study pooping and relief
Pound it
The first Harley Davidson motorcycle was built in 1903, and used a tomato can for a carburetor.
LMFAO changed his shirt!!
Just started using Let the addiction begin!
btw, great website on education in Chile!
stay safe brother, Irene is nothing to mess with!
She's a force of nature
My ticket is booked.
Donna is booking hers tomorrow.
Every time someone RTs me, I'm like, Are we friends now?
Delany's book Blake: Or the Huts of America is a novel abt escaped slaves who go to Cuba  start a black nation
I Need A Reason To Go To Sleep Not Because I Have Nothing To Do But Because I Got A Family To Feed And We Don't Live Forever.
Everything is always created twice, first in the mind and then in reality.
Firefighters for Labor sign in tractor window ...
They're everywhere!
Klay Thompson and the Warriors will go for their fourthstraight win tonight against the Celtics.
Go big or go home
: Who's not going to Love tonight?
Me lol
baby ill treat u like a princess3 because i was raised by a real Queen :
Category 16b winner is WGN
Was up bro.
We shootin at 5?
This Pokemon strategy site describes Gardevoir as the sexiest Pokemon in the game.
Competitive gaming, everybody!
Headed to USC this morning for 's graduation.
I am so proud of her and honored to be here to celebrate.
and I are debating dark side and light side of the force philosophy.
We are such dorks.
:D
Why are men like laxatives?
They irritate the shit out of you.
I have one and love it!
RT : I'm getting ready to mess around with this Kindle Fire...
Oh Better Yet Brooklyn Carter lol
a new sunny day has come and i gotta make new plans,xoxo :
lol  november...its turkey month and black friday month polos here i come
Miami vs OKC tonight Finals Preview!
nbafantreat school on he needs the lesson.
I have to pack tomorrow B/c Im off to tulsa friday at 3:30...
Sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel.
That's why you have two hands.
And talked to Merra last night
Great show  gerbil impression
hey criss!
do u talk to those who have webcams too?
Get ready for behindthescenesoneill it's one of our last rehearsals!
Thanks : Nice Seeing You Sat!
Nonios, the No.
4 horse, is really thrashing in the paddock before Derby Trial.
We are now 10 minutes late to post.
awesome, glad to her you enjoyed it!
If you guys get one setup I'll do my best to get up there for it.
me and biag got in a huge fight.
it was bad.
I don't get it?
Packed house at AFP waiting for Santorum in Milwaukee.
at least 1000.
i though tmobile enabled 3g for some iPhone users?
Crypt walk in a flipflop
I swallowed my gum .
.
.
John Howes pinmaking machine patent model, on display , is 1 of the oldest surviving auto production machines
I will be impressed if Carson Palmer is sussessful with the Raiders.
Ususally, it is where the careers of veterans go to die.
Waitt!!
Ms.Lee got her car keyedd????
My sisters are my hearts and brothers
Denver clinched a first round bye in the Sun Belt Tournament.
DU will open play in the quarterfinals on Sun., March 4.
Opponent TBA.
You should definitely go.
The new Spiderman and the final Dark Knight look pretty good as well.
Ok just making sure RT : yes : just sayin
Steve Martin sticks out like a Boner in Sweat pants with Racal Flatts
If you're an artist there is still time time to submit to FreeTulsa!
Over 150 bands will be there!
simplyspoons is amazing :D
Man those Canadian NHL teams must be so proud.
They are all home while teams like Phoenix  Nashville battle it out.
keep in mind that what great damage smokers inflict on 2nd  3rd hand smokers is hopefully the next step .
monday the ads will commence .
RT : Today in 1885 Congress held a joint session, including PA Ave.
parade, to commemorate completion of Washington Monument
I'm sorryy D:
Goodmorning!!!
The only thought I have right now is gaining selfcontrol.
I wonder what type of trouble imma get in today ?
i love you Scottyyy!
Nice.
I've doctorven past that place a few times.
The El Rey was pretty cool  good venue for a Gambino show, definitely.
I know right?!?!?!
That's Kelsey and I are talking about!!!
Haha I KNOW SO MUCH FOR US NOT LIKING THEM!!
Bitches Be On My Wood Don't Catch Splinters Hoe
I don't have MC on the pc can I get a boat ride instead :D
Virtual hugs to future medievalists, who are medievalists now.
I mean: is there a test for this?
Boys Baseball Senior Night!
Infidel!!
I was just watching Achmed on TV :
RT 44 of my Facebook friends changed their professorle pictures.
My life is fucking insane.
I was thinking after I sent that, I hope I wasn't offensive.
Don't mean to be.
Since we do, tho, we try hard 2 be humane.
:
the only reason I know you is because you followed me a while ago.
We talked like everyday until you unfollowed me :
1 final tomorrow and offically summer.
Going to shoot a show at Boston Neighborhood Network called LalaLand and I'll be the TechnialDirector BNN.
Get in touch with your show!
Bless us Lord, this Christmas, with quietness of mind; Teach us to be patient and to always to be kind
haha i know!!
How many does he have?
Yes, I know it too.
So good.
beautiful day : im not lucky im blessed ;
well obvious.....
i thought you were somebody else!
Omg so sorry!
It is so freaking windy out there.
Crazy weather!!!
Sorry Atheism isnt our established religion.
We all think our beliefs R reality.
I thought smart people could disagree Hmm
Niggas not real
Wow Titanic its been 100 years!
Live on forever!
I'll email you the details.
Congrats!
Finally starting to really eat again.
Virus's stink...
:/
Hope it turns out well!
Thank you for your support for this logical step.
awesome blog The thought of you ripping money just made me wanna throw up.
Maybe i will just give away.
GL
Dont commit suicide !
Please!
reenvisioningnagel and a few clones of myself, then maybe I'll be able to handle it
actualy it's a JUICE hahahah!
Teaching my favorite course at CanSecWest.
Awesome class learning interesting things about reporting and analysis.
HUGE Congrats to  all the rest for advancing to round 8 of PFB2010 !!!
I miss you already!!!
I got a good night of sleep.
Got up, played D3 for a few hours, stopped right before they went down.
Been a great day.
;
how would u like to proceed?
Haha, no.
At work we did a Calcutta auction and they were one of the teams I ended up buying.
Pretend it's someone else then.
sustain a goal of gain bury the pain  wish it never got so insane lol we sure did make it rain.we had such a time even tho we so were blind
can someone explain what the disagreement is about?
All we hear is it was an unsignable contract.
Why??
I was  that show last night.
Deniro was very quiet as always
I think this change makes a lot of sense.
thanks for the update!
Excited for the return of the kid tonight?
We have everything to make your party complete.
Stop by and get your last minute supplies.
somday will follow me.
never say never
Gesellschaft would be familiar to people who played Mega Man Legends ....
my design for my hunger games shirt is complete.
totally original.
other fanatics will be hatin'.
fo sho.
lmaoo my bad bro I forgot when I got home.
Ill check now
If you'er interested in a Free Zumba class contact for more information!
he's my dad, so pretty well.
Emerr: AltPress Do you know Groundskeeper Willie?
twinatlanticap
Geez, is there anybody semi ethical left in this professorssion?
Great job on the news.
Do you happen to carry the new balance rainbows?
My wife lives the asic gel 33's.
God I hope the 2 players are yuneske6 and hart
I need my lifelines right now.
Annoyed.
Irked.
Anxious.
Damn, that sounds delightful.
See you soon!
thank you so much for the RT!
Love is the key!
RT: An open heart opens doors.
and all played amazing tonight!!!
Do it!
Sounds like he's really really into you.
I think you should go out with him.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Proverb
im finally on twitter!
still learning the ropes ;
Let's go spurs!!
heyy girl!
Do you work this wknd?
you posting all your graphics from this yr?
IF YOUR NOT THERE FOR ME BUT I'M ALWAYS THERE FOR YOU MAYBE YOU DON'T MEAN ME ANY GOOD
This week is off to an amazing start..
Massage, chiro, gym, hip hop, friends, loved ones, and spontaneity
Can't sleep!
Up thinking about ideas for the buyout!
January is right around the corner...
Stressing!
Got my I voted sticker!
Remember when we all used to just vote and not judge other people?
No more doctornks if I get tired of wine.
I'll doctornk water.
pretty sure my sister is on something
For those of you that haven't clicked on the Like button on our Facebook fan page we would greatly appreciate your support.
Just click o
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE REP role in Wesley Chapel 15/ hour email resume to
What are your doing up there?
The floors are squeaky as heck and your like running a marathon.
46 days until FL and the beach
Yet to be added to the site, but we could email them to you 
I'll set a place for you at my table in hell.
it's a most no backing out we have to get on all the scary rides okay I just got pumped up talking bout it bro
Dont dip into my Kool Aid.
I wonder how AUG 5 , gone take place ..
Mm.
Thanks, Michael!
How did it go?
RT : : ??
What do reg.
ed.
measurements look like?
CC:
wont be satisfied til i reach 7 digits
Having a good day so far, hope everyone else is
Do you file your own tax return?
Keep us in mind when filling your return!
Greenfield annual meeting, being held in the auditorium.
Much bigger than the admin center meeting room.
Tickets are still on sale, but hurry before they're all gone!
It's on 3rd Sept!
go to gigantic.com/bigbirthdaybash for tickets
yesterday was my birthday and u didn't say anything.it was the worst day ever
right next to chachi  behind Pauly D!
Like when Pauly's on the screen, look to the left :
lmao!!
As long as ur safe!
They left me in charge of my store today for 9 hours.
Glad I didn't burn it down, lol!!
New York fucking city!!
then she must have something very important to say.
Lol..
Im not in love for the record..
That was a song
what up send me some pics
We will try to get to England soon!!!
He's your idol.
what's going Monday sis ???
Free financial advice Facebook is about to go public supposed to be 80 a share buy buy buy
Confidence knows there are no unknown obstacles with God.
Game 3 in Salt Lake City Spurs vs
consistency is the key to your success to your business or product ....if the consumer keep seeing it they will eventually buy
Plays will start during MLB season, sorry for the wait!
What are the Broncos chance of making the Super Bowl now that Peyton will be the new man under center?
Dom, Now you need to make sure you introduce him to me so we can make sure he protects new deal....BD
I absolutely love the taste of pear juice.
Why don't more places make and serve pear juice?
I think you've been hacked
Thank YOU!
Such great links today!
Sounds more like fun then work to me!!!
Thanks for the follows.
Have a great week
Rested up from an excellent weekend.
Looking forward to a great week of work at the !
Even more...you don't hate MEN!
You like men to be men, to take charge, and do MANLY things.
Girly men do not register with you.
is at the bar w/ Nick and friends for Nick's bday.
Glad to be your bestfriend meanie
tried some of your food Thai food and it was delish and the Quesadillas were amazing:
I sure will!
xoxo Thanks!
Skipping the weekly LOVIEE this week.
It will be back next week.
Don't forget about the Houston Fringe Festival.
Hope you liked it!
RT : Missing Oscars excitement to see staged reading of Angus MacLachlan's Abundant Acreage Available
Looking like tonight isn't going to be our night.
6 sog and nadda.
Ps that penalty kick was a crap call.
Sad loss but much love to
If I die, a few people are going to be very happy with my 401k and basic and supplemental life insurance payout.
Rambo is moving to LA!
AprilFools ....
or is it?
in bed, saving energy for tomorrow.
Where r u?
Behind on all my thankyous to my new follows.
I'll get to them.
But I'm dashing back to my writing work now.
Just had to pop my head up.
:
RT : The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
Henry David Thoreau
let it be
This Sunday is the Counter Culture Festival!
Also working on a new animation project and other freelance projects!
What's so good about picking up the pieces?
Tues night we were sitting by rowdy Brewers fans w/our kids and the staff was great in calming the fans  giving our kids stickers!
SS Howell among Bills freeagent rookies  Buffalo News
Im Back
Never pay full price for a doctornk again!
Happy hours nearly any time of day near u: www.gotime.com  and on your phone: www.gotime.com/mobile
not sure I agree with you re video comms being the future of social.
no one uses facetime and video chatting is private not social
Napolian dinomite in fourth period.
Just ready to leave.
here's to the mahomies who have seen austin grow up and love who he is.
I will be sure to right now!
www.facebook.com/pages/HairbyAshleiTabor like me on FB
I feel bad for the Arby's spokesman that he also has to sing the jingle.
Like they downsized the TV ad and gave him more work.
thank you for everything.
especially the things you don't know you did for me 3
its only a matter of time.
You can do it!
no worries babe!
i know lmao !
sorry :
Check out Courtney Stodden's new single Reality on iTunes!
3
Big plans for me in the future
Value your relationships more than your pride.
Because your pride will bring you nowhere.
Love with all your heart and with all your might.
Keen17 Christian TV has 5 churches on the air.
They get it!
Yet, There are more than 600 churches in Las Vegas.
All I can say is it's sad 
I need to get more followers
Sitting in the woods!!
: because I'm that cool.
We're recovering from last night with jalapeno cheddar biscuits for brunch, you should join us.
Brunch until 3pm.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!
follow and please :D x51
I'm sorry for abusing you and
My iPhone is my life.
o well ok
oh, well I agree with that claim.
Kids addicted to tv/video games  parents don't give them the freedom to roam like the past
Get 20 off ALL GO TREK USA summer small group adventures for cardholders for the month of April!
I think I want to get a samsungnote!!
:
In da house of the Lord as usual.
Possibly will b bck for 3'o clock services...

Thanks for the follow!
2 more years of living in Texas and then I'm going to move to Cleveland!
It's going to happen.
would be melted...
Way.
yes I had a blast Saturday night!
Good seeing you...have a great week and don't be a stranger!
Love ya!!!
Today I met my first american friend in south america from Fort WorthTEXAS..
:
is not a powerhouse.
Way too tired and don't want to work today
After sleeping on it, I don't want to waste any time hating on Weeden.
not crazy about it but it is what it is.
should be a fun offense.
Love wins every time and we still fight it.
Hello new followers.
I appreciate us sharing our thoughts, links and other stuff.
Thanks
LOVE YOURSELF,THEN YOU CAN LOVE OTHERS
Follow Back
ant nothin wrong wit it lol its gone take care all yo problems
Great passing!
Badgers 's blood pressure is up right now!
Great watching kodm on iPad from comfort of home on springbreak.
Thx  frnds!
QA for is fascinating.
You are a perfect little angel and don't you forget it.
And thank you, it was nice.
One more birthday dinner tomorrow night.
:
1.5 titles.
He inherited the best team in the country for that first one.
me son.
Seeking Friendlier Skies
: She splurged on orange doctornks!
Just saw your beautiful but sad self on the news : love you big time and hope everything works out for the best xoxo
Quote: Aye Lemme Tell You Somethin Real Real Quick My Flow So Crazy And My Flow So Sick!
We will be there.
Looking forward to hearing u guys ROCK it out!
:
sandy of all youre years in the majors, what was youre favorite moment in youre playing career?
I know!
No one can get enough of me;
Whos Starting An Album!?
Dear John, A Walk to Remember, and Hannah Montana The Movie are on..
WHAT TO WATCH!!!!!
Ah, Brian Eno, Land of the Minotaur.
Thanks, You Tube.
;
Feeling conflicted about resume gate.
Love that airport!!
Just copped a Fifth of BLUEDOTCÎROC for my cousins.
We bout to Celebrate
CompendiumInnovation begins again!
Kolaches to start  win
Because of what you have just shared?
95 degrees today in Vegas.
Everyone come on out here and enjoy this weather.
And bring some money.
Please?
Cannot stop laughing at Justified.
the writing tonight is great and unusually hilarious.
what a great idea to star dewey crow in an epi
I admit, shiny, artistic covers are something that can't be replicated in eBooks.
I guess their schtick is multimedia/transmedia.
You would think so.
The Mob clearly doesn't have controll over the airport.
RT : Beat the doctorm loud enough ...and you'll be heard...
My mind is everywhere but where it needs to be.
Did someone say DJ Flex?
Are you a sales warrior?
Then you're a douchebag.
How Do You Tickle Yourself 
ATL Atlanta karaoke lovers  Follow us on Twitter 
congrats to on a well deserved contract extension now on air getting ready for the kiss 10 at 10
love it!!!
When will it be released?
sure that would be great!
Maybe Teaism?
haha.
professornity laced words....
in a deadsilent office mind you....
its good foreplay to hoping for a parkinglot brawl
RT : The more you think about problems the more you see and the more unhappy you get.
Seek solutions.
Adams: McClatchy's legal fight to get CP data led to changes in the VA's FOIA system
nice!
Got a friend who lives there...
he loves it!
Congrats man.
Just another reason to make it out there some day.
Awww thank you so much gf I miss u SO much!!!
We must reunite soon!!!
3 xoxo
me too.
I didn't know I wanted to go until I started reading all the tweets
Thanks for the FF!
I guess what I'd like to see is stats that show what percentage of an MLSs subscribers use RPR that much
Friday to Friday  Corvallis Gazette Times
what happen to the tt !
I have nothing to laugh at !.
4FamousWords I got the food.
HAPPY.BIRTHDAY TO U.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO U.
HAPPY BIRYHDAY AUSTIN.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!
Hope u hve a great day :
awesome event today luncheon!
thank you for always bringing the inspiration!
No.
Sleep.
For Lindsay.
Getting ready for the wknd!
Featuring Win free DiGiorno pizza Listen  www.whipofcords.com
If you get lucky, you'll get to see the finished product
I want to see The Dictator.
sounds like a sample from daft punk?
maybe?
If you have a strong or high energy breed of dog its advisable to keep him mentally stimulated and well exercised
can gay guys follow u?
cuz i swear i speak female...
As a preliminary step to the real practice of good will, let us simply recognize that imperfection is our common denominator.
Manly P Hall
Don't be afraid to be unique or speak your mind, because that's what makes you different from everyone else.
Dave Thomas, Wendy's founder
Went out with new friends last nite.
So fun!
I LOVE shopping for my family and friends for the holidays
This weather will get you sick.
Bundle up today!
Who's theme song is that!ted dibiasie how ever u spell his fuckin name
This couch is just too comfortable.
I wish I had Jeti power to bring my computer to me.
I try the force but I sink more in the cushions.
I live in a fantasy world where I create the whole damn show
Starting my rap career.
sometimes i forget my last name while in the process of writing it
Smart artists connect w/fans, give them reason to buy.
They dont need protection.
The unadaptable deserve of nothing.
You're Mexican?
Ahuevooo!
Gringos .l.
Can you name a broadband network that was built without government help?
I can't.
Just picked up some propane for you guys tonight!!
:
I love that NSO is performing Sibelius so much his music is moving and brilliant.
Thanks
If you're working on a gluten free story, let us know.
We can help!
7 walks for the Giants.
First time they've walked 7 times in a game since Barry Bonds walked 7 times in a game that one time.
Hey there.
Not much new here.
I'm still heading down the neverending rabbit hole that is learning DSLR video  photography!
thank you!
If the White House Correspondent's Dinner is nerd prom, then PowerPlayers Jeopardy has to be Homecoming Week.
I could on  on...
RT : If the power goes out I'm going to scream like a tiny girl because I hate the darkness
I'm in LA until Wed 4/18 : 
I believe one of the hardest things you can do is conquer your fears, but if you have a goal,
Who like Raquel?!!
hahah I love it :
happy 4th of july twitter family  should be makin it home this afternoon!!!
Pool party then Tempe Town Lake to watch the fireworks ;
You have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince.
Wow this kid I went to high school with legit looks like a serial killer now 
Sunny day in NYC!
Good morning everyone!
Nice seeing you tonight, boys.
You rock.
thanks!
have a good one yourself!
alight I'll be there in a jiffy!!!
My SU degree is in Pol Phil and I have a JD from CUA in DC, where I specialized in communications law.
And it is a great org!
weird stuff is happening
Wow tysons now has a combo mcdonals and citibank.
Didn't expect that brand duo
Quit hitting yourself, quit hitting yourself!
Seriously black honda civic!?!
U wanna have road rage at 4:30 im the MORNING!?!
bAH!
My birthday is in exactly 1 month :'
Flyers didn't skate at all at the end of that game.
Didn't deserve to win.
Review of Dimensions Tn Thus Far
gets to see dance during Michael Jackson: The Immortal Tour this Friday here in Pittsburgh ..
I'm kinda jealous
Great, thanks now I can't get the image of dancing in the clubs out of my head!!
Happy Leap Day :
GoodNight all, gotta long work day tomorrow:/ gotta make that money
Lord Almighty God, I am yours to do with today as you wish.
Only please grant me courage.
Oy vey.
My call log does indicate I called you.
;
I'm thinkin of a Masterplan!
haha...
i think he's dead !
like your frog that fried  ;
Ok You rock your rep...which is awesome !!
FOLLOW Please!!!
Wow!
We just checked them out and that would be quite the duo ; Thanks for the info!
Life is what we make out of it
Keep on doctoramin even if it breaks your heart
That depends on the source of the definition.
Nearly all survivor orgs call it rape.
Legal definitions vary.
I cant even eat a dam 6 piece wing....
mykel :!
Cool seeing you today!
why does your name sound so familiar?
srry i kept going back to sleep.
My nite sucked
No more mister SemiNice Guy.
Hotel pillows feel like I'm laying on a cloud
In 1961 Stewart Udall became head of DOI and demanded NFL Redskins integrate or risk eviction  their stadium was on federally owned land
blue moon is pretty good...don't be sad about it :
Little Carter is fighting 4 his life.
Help us support him and his family www.knowledgesafari.com  click blog.
Italian Wine class next Wed June 8th 630pm 30 per person!
Call the cheese shop at 6122784422 to sign up!
nice story by the king's speech director
RT : running into all of the amazing people I've met through Suffolk university.
Atleast ghost adventures can keep me entertained.
..oh : RT : being real, i be having so much fun just chilling alone i could give a f less about a friend.
I'm just saying
I swear, I have risked bladder infection for avoiding some disgusting situations.
Time for 10pm milkshakes with yeah its that kind of day.
''we'll become silhouttes when our bodies finally go''
Congratulations Matt Kuchar on big win at The Players Championship!
Legendary performance!
nah not yet still in class rite now
hearing michael kay's voice just makes me happy.
Don't underestimate the power of corporate synergy.
It Begins!
Pumped for march madness.
Working from home has its advantages,
thanks 4 another gr8t season!!
: .
says: I'm so sorry about TwitterJail wanted to be w/ you until the end!
Your at a WW on your day off!?
Packers backup is best possible situation for Colt McCoy.
Tailored passing offense, low pressure behind Aaron Rodgers, under Mike McCarthy
You're not fooling anymore :P.
That does look kinda cool though!
Summer come faster.
Please 3
graduating papers  projects are due today.
I wonder how many will be sent in just before midnight?
RT : Imagine a world in which every person on the planet is given free access to the sum of all human knowledge.
Havent talked to you in ages :/  sigh
I know i'm guilty of this but white ass girls should not be wearing snap backs
Augustana Football on TV in Texas?
Gotta support the Vikings!
her hee I'm so sorry!!!
Thanks for the RT!

buttnaked 
Speak when you are angry  and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret
Well the basic plot?
Facebook screws up peoples lives.
:
Md and the moron forget about Little Rascals and the US army mascot of WWI
ThingsThatGetMeUpset that one guy
Getting ready for legalchat  joins at 11 am ET today
Nope, not just you.
RT : is it just me or r people not using the conf.
conn.
like they have in the past?
whats his twitter?!
Less than one week until RECon12...are you ready?
thanks!!!
No problem!
:
Through all the pain I still can smile .
would agree a pause in conversation also warrants a listen RT : It's Call Me Maybe time.
Just been that kind of day.
Thx RT RT : is a great person for you to meet I'm ATL He is doing his thing
I graduated high school 20 years ago?
WTF 2012?!
Start your own vegetable or herb garden.
who Rule????
Raul Ibanez rules as he gave the Yankees a 42 lead with a 3run homerun
If using brain power burned calories I'd look like Kate Moss...
It's still sore from all that thinking yesterday
RT : I hate when people say HBD as happy birthday ..
people that say it like that are lazy af !
I love that movie!
:D Its hilarious Ive seen it like 3 times
You guys are a regular Christmas Satan.
latinos when was the last time you conjugated a reflexive verb?
ion know we pulled off.
The Middlesteins by Jami Attenberg!
When can I start reading?
Tomorrow is March 1st...
And you know that means!!!
March Madness is right around the corner.
Can't wait.
That fire you ignited good bad and undecided burns when I stand beside it your light is ultraviolet 33
Looks like has a copy of Picturing Personhood, which I saw listed on your Good Reads page.
Can't wait to read it.
ever thus for human avian relationships.
Even Zeus when incarnated as a swan had problems what can a mortal pigeon do!
Our teacher brought us cookies  milk,  now we're about to watch a movie.
PERF
She said it, not me!
MT : ...
is a wonderful place to publish.
Such smart editors!
It's gonna be awesome watching all the youngins trying to stuff their vinyl in their laptops.
twins.
again.
Congratulations Florida AM on your win!
You miss 100 of the shots you never take.Wayne Gretzky Have a great day and I hope your weather is as beautiful as it is here in K.C.
Pumped for the Mpls verticalendeavors Grand Opening Nov 12!
Headed to St.
Paul to get my climb on tonight in preparation.
That shower 
Had bubble tea for the first time yesterday.
It was strawberry and
: any acts you recommend for students from this year line up?
check back when our lineup is complete.
Thanks!
alright, we'll do it next week.
Lmao!
RT :  I Want To Go To The Rock Hall Today!
And Find One Of Them Sandwich Stands Downtownfat
thanks for the follow!!!
:
gotta be bayside for fireworks 4th of July
It's real simple, if you don't love her and treat her well, I'm going to.
Belinsky notes that collaborative storytelling can identify a stronger truth by utilizing a holistic perspective
This constant sneezing 
Guess I'm not original.
: Didn't think a lot of people knew it.
Hi my friend!
Wonderful to hear from you!
I look forward to reading it.
Send it to Keep smiling!
Teams asked to notify the if times or days of football games changes by emailing info to .
See updates at KUSI.com
Stay hungry.
Stay foolish.
Did Obama just make the election a singleissue contest?
Bigots, please step to the right.
ya my family is huge yankee fans so we try to take a trip to at least one new stadium a year
JETS JETS JETS JETS.
thank you!
Have a lovely day!
Teachers:  Ok everyone take out your notes!
And try to keep up because I speak as fast as Busta Rhymes.
Sleepy goodnight
For as much as they charge, nothing should go down EVER..remind me only to do business with people of QUALITY and REAL service acumen.
17 billion is a big difference and means we'll most likely have another budget crisis as we get closer to October.
Good god.
Really??
That's just dumb.
RT : Jon Jones is being compared to Muhammad Ali ...
sigh....
do you know if we'll be back in time for 5th block?
Dude.
Gothic metal?
I'm not sure that's what MMs fan base is these days.
But thanks for tweeting from the show
wow you have a lot of official people following you.
this dude that produced for soulja boy actually follows you
The interruption quotient are you creating a need.
Are you getting attention.
lmaoo!
this baby just farted!
it wasnt like a non audible baby fart it was a full out loud as fudge adult fart!
thats nasty..
Talkking shit ?
: god !
I hope you choke .
you can sell it for more than that
Hey, I heard youre looking for a girlfriend...
Is it cool if she's Brazilian too?
Bladensburg public history workshop April 14, 7:00 pm, Anacostia Watershed Society to feature Battle of Bladensburg experts.
This was a get through it  be done match.
Serve was crap.
Berlocq couldn't pass him.
Games were played very quickly.
Tiny limp.
I love it when i run out of songs to listen and go back to Miley Cyrus, hannah montana,and disney channel songs and i still remember them xx
's Shawn Amos will moderate a panel at the Global Conference today at 11am on social entrepreneurs.
Mandarin Oranges are deelish.
Gotta ask  is the professorle pic YOU?
If so, I have a friend who runs a gay leather bar in FtL...maybe???
watched hoop it up today like a boss.
Current status: Snackless in Seattle
get it off of his soulders.
Why do banks have like 20 windows, but only 3 tellers?
Mean tease!
U already know you're going to have 3 people working; build 3 windows!
i'll give you one if you make me a copy of that mix tape
Heck Yea!
:D I'm stoked!
The warmest possible welcome to our pals at and the very best of wishes as you begin this exciting new chapter.
Can't wait!
Guess I'll get ready for work now :/
why are all my thoughts sexual?
That final strikeout was awfully questionable.
I still don't think Ryan swung at that pitch
I got my mom a kindle for mothers day
This city is totally gay for Benjamin Franklin.
And cheesesteaks.
Check me out youtube.com/gregtellis314 and subscribe
tympani pedals bass line with tabla.
Three three minute improvisations.
Repeat as desired.
That's not to say that I wouldn't sell for a ridiculously large amount...then I could accomplish my goals another way ;
he's being so sweet today.
Totally cuddling and hanging out!
The tongue is the pen of the heart.
Psalm 45:1
Thanks!
Let's connect again next week....
Thanks for following me.
I am following you now too.
I'm single.
Meow.
You should definitely hop on the Charm City Pedal Mill for a bar crawl through Fells Point, Bmore
I know they lost but they got those last threes
May the best of your todays be the worst of your tomorrows
oh well, I don't think I'm going.
Haa.
Definitely two of the tops yearin and yearout!
Are you aware of our radio show that actually streams out of Ohio every Thurs?
MT audience comment: all digital preservation is physical preservation
Ordinary People  Lost Without U is swoonworthy.
Was mistaken for the photogs asst at a wedding tonight.
Treat your vendors right.
Argumentation and Debate or Persuasive Writing and Speaking?!?!
best revenge is massive success Cosby
Maxum deadbolt gives you assurance that your keys are fully protected from unauthorized duplication
that rat better start getting a salary  benefits; he's there longer hours than I am....
Ghetto ass nigger boy...I listen to rock, and I'm from the country.
I'm not ignorant, or black.
Good job.
good to hear its been healthy, more of it should be happening everywhere.
Love Is Just Another Four Letter Word!!!!
Maybe for Christmas I'll get myself a new alarm company...
Mariah Yeater could be filed for rape since as she claims when they had sex Bieber was a minor and she wasnt.
What a dumb bitch.
SUM THIN GOTTA SHAKE
News leak: Joe the Plumber to receive endorsement from his twin brother, mister Clean.
ff Def a horror read worth doing!
x sexy stuff out there...
im more pumped for 4/19...
I wonder who she gets that from?
hm
The hiring sign outside Starbucks shows a bearded white man.
Then a BWM was cleaning the bathroom when I tried to use it.
Same man?
Happy Humpday friends May you have an AWESOME Wednesday!!!!
nice seeing you last night.
I just read the first 2 Sookie books.
Super fast, fun reads!
And I love the show...
since i cant sleep i guess i will get up  get my day started...have a blessed day everyone!!
no prob!
she posts lots of easy cool patterns all the time  and a lot are free.
it's worth checking out
What the fuck was that?
at the flying carpet cafe 19th and poplar
went to a barcraft.
I just wanted to watch some starcraft games and doctornk beers, but instead I went to a room full of misogynist nerds
that moment when you know your fucked
RT : CANNOT put down MyTwoMoms by .
If you haven't heard of him already, you will soon!
Exhausted!
It's been a long 6 hour day.
Especially after being out sick most of the week...
You can text me tomorrow.
2022770802.
Or just flag me down if you see me!
Red hair.
Long sideburns.
Hard to miss!
I dont need to literate...
Books dont make money....
ipad best prices
All 4 were really performances; lyrical, sentimental; valuing useless, fleeting, lofi  challenging multimodality.
That's my catch.
I absolutely can't afford school.
At least not until I either turn 24 or start making more money.
List me whores LMaoo
oohh yeah tomorrow is like a friday
Kevin will be playing Fountain Square this Sunday with the fabulous Vito Emmanuel.
They go on at 7.
Get there!!
ITS FRIDAY!!!
CLUB DOWNTOWN IS WHERE ITS  TONITE FREE PARKIN!
4 U CALL ITS ALLNITE!
if your looking for retail that is

Our pageant is June 13th17th in Orlando.
Love to have you join us!!
ELEV looks like it could be one of the absolute hottest plays this summer.
Why?
Today's news speaks DIRECTLY towards a HUGE summer.
I'm all Matty's tbh;
Ditto.
mnleg RT : This is the most unbelievable news conference I've ever seen at the Capitol.
And that's saying something.
BrownRiceFamily performed at Messiah College in P.A last nite and that shit was Bananas, B.A.N.A.N.A.S.
I'm happy you guys are alright!
:
Excited to see if this one sells out, plus the Yankees are in town which will usually doctorw a crowd at Kauffman.
Fun sports weekend
Idk If Its Just Me , But Some Ppl Be Gettin Old To Quick ..
Some days, my job is unbelievably great.
Today, for instance, I'm spending my time reading Arthur C.
Clarke and Asimov  calling it work.
DOE Completes Field Test of Methane Hydoctorte Extraction in Alaska
I miss you too!!:
Wine Fact: Wine is produced by fermenting crushed grapes using various types of yeast.

Have a great night!
Happy Birthday to Joshua Redman and Joe Sample.
You'll hear some music from both of those birthday guys on 89.9 FM today!
OMFGG!
You are?
Good for youu!
;
You may not like to hear it, but Erin is your weakest link...at least from the audience perspective.
GO GIRL!!!
Ladies  rethink borrowing 50 shades of grey from the public library, unless you want a designer case of the herpes
Wait hold up wheres my ipad ..
Both of em ?????.
Enough with the Winehouse jokes already.
Have a little respect.
Yay.
Bend It Like Beckham in Geometry .
we just talked about random stuff haha we talked about his accent, my accent, hahaha
let's hope sothe American Spring?
It's been a long, long winter  OWS
I'm not a Tannehill fan myself either.
my feelings echo yours.
I'm really high on DeCastro at eleven.
Music I love it so I tell my flow.
Got my
Booked a voice over for a Brazilian documentary :
Marina  The Diamonds Primadonna Girl!!!
totaljam 
never too old for good music!!
Can't wait to see you!
doctorp by the booth to check in.
thank you sir!
Walk up in this bitch with a hundoctord grand, two rollys on my arm another hundoctord grand.
Loving the new Metric song
It might be time to blow the roster up.
That means Mauer may need to go.
He obviously doesn't make this team better even when he's hitting.
trying to complete my weekend recovery cleaning.
only 45 minutes to go.
Project pecs
wassup !
You're a cheap date dude.
Watching it.
Love Exta Innings on DirecTV.
Omar Vizquel still plays!!!
RT : bottom of the 14th Hate free baseball
follow me
Awesome!
You just made my morning.
Hope you're having a good show ;
please post!
I missed your talk and am still kicking myself for it.
JLo is going on tour with Enrique?
Nice knowing you, Casper.
She'll be banging that boy by June.
Celebrate Family with PEOPLE LIKE US on Brothers and Sisters ...
this girl!
RT : aw3333 i miss you too.
thank you for being great
Kinda wanna buy a bar.
I hit follow limit then twiiter told me each account can only follow 2000 users unless you get more followers, it let me follow 2001 :
ahh you're the closest Arianator I've ever talked too lol but I will deff cheer for you : and mess with Devils fans haha;
I'm going 2 sleep so goodnight :
Take the keys to my heart and doctorve me crazy.
I Keep Myself In Check Thank Youu  RT : Dimple keeps the team in CHECK!
Today is ThomasJefferson's birthday.
He introduced waffles, macaroni and anchovies to American cuisine.
my bad bro hell yea!
song go hard
I got Young Stallion instead of Punkass today.
That was pretty neat.
As soon as we can get rid of our keyboards and mice, we can also say goodbye to our cubes!
Well, you've always got the, meh, forget IE fix in hand if need be.
The Houshmandzadeh, Palmer duo is back!
Watch out!
No shit!
proposes to in the middle of a Dupalcon session.
Makes for an interesting QA...
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL because their humor and smiles are infectious.
3
Back in LA, now its time to face the jetlag..
JetLi
yea they can get pretty big but im kinda short to lol
you need to go to the game doesn't look like many people where there.
Brewers you have 3 more chances
That's right.
GW is The Decider.
Judges are merely deciders.
It's really quite simple.
RT : Happy World Blood Donor Day!
Celebrate by donating!
Y all of sudden I can't wear my moccasins to school hm?
On the InfoDesk this afternoon...
nice to be back in reference  it has been a long summer!
:
all you need to know about the Nevermore Jazz Ball is that we love St.
Louis and we throw one hell of a kickass dance event
this picture is for me and only me.
I admit it.
I am powerless over creative pursuits.
I am a junkie with no desire to get clean.
You do NOT want to see me doctor out.
PP BOYS LETS PUT IT AWAY
What's everyone doing for the superbowl tomorrow?
Any predictions??
:
It sometimes happens that a woman is handsomer at twentynine than she was ten years before Jane Austen
Blue raspberry ;
Good luck to 's Alma Mater, , as they face off against Vanderbilt in tonight's NCAA matchup!
GO CRIMSON!
I'm trying to go to vegas for my 21st bday.
Anyone have the hookups?
I hope had a great birthday
That is so cute!
I want one!
Lol :D
Sometimes i feel like i never had a mom....
My family goin in lol can you say gin
Well, our staff is teensy at the moment.
So if you know anyone who wants to write, kick 'em our way.
Great workouts today bro, way to give 110.
Can't wait till arms tomorrow
How you feeling chica?
Do we need some DM time?
I wonder what chief software architects and enterprise architects do at other Fortune 100 companies.
Shoulda been washed my hair already..
Im being lazy as fuck right now
Why me and my mom just cried together is beyond me.
RIP mamaw and grandma 
everyone of course , but you :
RT : is time to go to bed and chill.
maybe order a icecream from the room service and sleep...tomorrow we play against Canada!
Just excited to get us all prepped for Chicago and make the pilot the success it deserves to be!
RT Soon she'll be running NBC
They should put Braun and Hart in :

did just text you hoe .
Don't let chubaka get the ball
GT Events is at CES!
Look for the slick guys and gals in tuxedos and doctorsses!
Competition is a matter of spirit, not strength Guthrie
thanks for the mention, definitely give us a call!!
Soo frigging bord need more texting buddies !
The interface just works That's like the magic words!
the internet has turned into the place for both information and misinformation, more than ever one must question everything
Can't wait to see and Mark Burch today.
Fair enough.
No argument there.
I live in Kansas.
:
Had a great Mother's Day today tnx to kindness of hubby's exwife who ensured I was included in today's gathering with all her grown kids.
Fascinating evening listening to talk about his passion for collecting records, and the stories behind them, at
My mom just called me and asked me if I wanted Burger King or McDonalds, uhm okay :
Wearing a Buzz Light Year band aid....
If u don't know how to doctorve in the city then don't fucking doctorve at all..
My mom is so trippen
I'm not even close to half the people I was close with last year and at this point idec , it's their loss anyways lolol
There is an iPhone ap for Directv DVR.
Pretty handy...but if you have and iPhone and DTVw/DVR, you already knew that.
u say it bruh FAKERS!!
ah some relaxing time before i have to be the mom taxi...soccer ...vollyball man i tel ya hecktic
Looking for data that indicates what states lead in edtech.
Any ideas?
Limited defender.
Plus hurting.
is there any other way to spend it?
i was talking to this large mother she home schools her three childoctorn
RT : If you want a quick snack before class!// : Merlindia sails to AU for a late bite New Mexico  Nebraska, 2:305:30pm
10 will get you 20 worth of food and doctornk at Bobanna's in Waukesha!
Head to www.crowdclick.com to get your's!
Good Morning Pittsburgh!
Did you know today is the beginning of the Chinese New Year?
Tune in to PghTL  9am for a 'New Year' surprise!
lol nah I've been sleeping  sleeping  sleeping  I'm still sick
Working my sisters job while she can't  bankin 
No matter how hard I try not to get spaghetti sauce on my shirt, it always fucking manages to find a way there.
RT so are you pimpin...or counselin manhater hoes?
inquiring minds must know...
What time are you playing Thursday?
I'm finished around 10:30.
If I get out in time will try to head down.
Awh, well I am glad you are reading my blog still!
I know u better than u know urself, LOL!!!
Website update coming soon!
We've incorporated QR CODES!
Find FREE DEALS in your City via Textin for instant coupon, or SCAN the code...
No new REEL to Reals?
I will say, the new voting machines at the SD Registrar of Voters are pretty cool!
Touch screen, easy to use.
Soyuz delivering 102 tons of thrust
Update!
Construction on the new tennis courts gets into full swing at Ellenberger, Douglass and Krannert Park this week.
Keep up w/ these fine composers
Posted up in Cali
although if Someone Saved My Life Tonight came on right now, it'd probably be a toss up between that song and the onions...
I'm sorry colts fans I'm gona buy me a Denver manning jersey cause that's how much I love you Peyton manning :
Why do them lakers like dat
Heyy Garrett!!
Hope you are great!!!
if you're not you should follow  now...great peeps...
It's easier to make great strides than small advances
yes!
In LA  SD if you wanted to come down.
I'll Email you.
RT : The next 50 ppl who follow will be entered 2 win a 50 gift card to Jake's Restaurant!
RT for an extra entry!
fail on the hotel, Maps,  fail on the route.
My MLB season goes year round, but I'm in the minority
ruhroh!
Sorry!
I hope you feel better and can rest.
Can I bring you anything??xx
He who desires but acts not, breeds pestilence.
William Blake
oh somebody got in trouble!!
Oh
i hope you stopped eating then lol
Good idea; I'll put misspelled form in a note.
Apparently going to be riding on a plane with a very bossy little girl.
Who, so unfortunately, speaks English.
no, seems to be clear here.
Just a short bit of excitement.
How about you?
Here's a provocative idea: if everything a museum does is education then is nothing education?
season is over in November.
I'm glad they overacheived in the first place.
Collapse is a selffulfilling prophecy.
This makes me ridiculously happy.
California!
you're joking, right?
im disconnected from you :'
Signed up for my LAST fall semester classes!
I see the light!!
I guess we're all pretty self important when you think about it.
I thought about way to much last night .....but it'll be alright :
Hatred eats the soul of the hater, not the hated.
Alice HerzSommer
When people just SPAM SPAM AND SPAM 
Be prepared and research your ideas.The more prepared you are when the doors open, the better the chance you and your business will survive.
See you all at in less than TWO days!
RT : I am more than my circumstances; I am the powerful creator of my life.
: Big ups to keeping it cool down in Miami.
Good guy right there let's get it in
Kardashians spotted downtown.
They'll be working the game.
The world's largest jumbotrons will be supported by their asses.
Man I hope I get a mayday basket : that was fun when I was a kid.
Injustice could be eradicated, but human conflicts and natural limits can't be eradicated.
omg my mom is such a bitch I hate her!
Like even when she's being nice, I hate her.
One important feature of Twitter is that I'm not supposed to feel like I have to follow u just cuz I know you.
You're thinking of Facebook.
he has no other choice haha
Point taken.
Thanks a lot!
May i ask...who's the one on your icon?
You're never more comfortable in bed than when your snooze alarm goes off for the fifth time and you have to get up.
lol but you love the brothers though
COLDPLAY CONCERT TOMORROW!!!!!
So disappointed in myself..
SOsad 
the amount of unnecessarily large umbrellas on the street this morning is astounding, seriously people
Northwestern bball has just missed 9 of 10 shots but football just signed Kyle Pratar.
Go Kyle.
Go Cats!
I'm liking Roger a lot more since he doctorpped acid.
Raw is incredibly lame for hosting the muppets, like really...
Loll !!
I just to ask U R u a silly guy??haha
There's a reason you have been doctoraming of teabags...
I like that
jealous!!
Hope you have an amazing time in Sao Paulo!
's cover of You Da One is my favorite song from AngelsAndGentlemen 3
girl b E.z I said I appreciated the concern..
Ah.
So close yet so far...
Fun fact: Mitt Romney attended Cransbrook Academy in Bloomfield Hills, Mich.
Same institution as Papa Doc of the Free World clique in 8 Mile
Plato  When there is an income tax, the just man will pay more and the unjust less on the same amount of income.
If I could get one of the scholarships, I would.
Next year.
Missing my bestie at school
Kant wait to hear what u wrote
I'll have to look for that next year
And i get to go with my loves!
It's the weekend, ladies and germs!
Made plans to come see us yet?
We have awesome deals and crazy steals all the time.
Most definitely!
a rut
Now partnered with Butler Tech Police Institute.
www.policemountainbiketraining.com
Must not, I agree w/you RT : Do coaches not teach to curl off screens anymore?
I don't see players read their defenders correctly
Bought a beautiful doctorss to wear for my BFF's wedding in January.
Thank you Macy's.
And seriously, it looks gorgeous on me :
WOO.
No school tomorrow  Fridaayyy.
:
syllabus for the Interp of Artifact in Age of New Media course we tweeted about earlier is now done.
You should take a look
Going to school.
Quick detour for Starbucks.
Wish it were 3pm for Frappucino Happy Hour!
Better grab a latte
I need to go to sleep
Looks like Jay Cutler's protection failed him again, because Kristin Cavallari is pregnant
very cool, Nick!!
as in we don't need your stinkin' reviews?
There's gratitude for you.
Love to tell people 2012 will be the best year for humans it will be the year 2012 is going to people a loving good year for people to live
Sitting in srt knowing you have work to do but ill pass and stare at the wall.
nice work doctorw, love the Barbershop logo!
Betancourt, you suck
Good morning!
Steve Tj Jesse Keenan
Yes but needs a dash of Pinochet : doctor: new PM aims for 15 GDP growth in upcoming years.
Can he unlock its potential?
O.M.G I AM GOING TO CANADA!!
fuckk that im literally just sitting here.
I hate that every time your name lights up on my phone, I fall for u harder.
But everytime my name lights up ur phone, I'm just another girl
Thank you all for getting me OnDeck.
Now to work  add imagery for my art portfolio...
marketing isnt magic, there is a science to itDon Zarella
I just want to sleep.
Okkei then don;t xD but thank u btw ...
:
I'm back!
Hehe miss me???
evil grin
aw wanna chat?
:
i love wale's new album amition.
the songs i love the most are sabatoge, and slight work
so over this wedding project
GTFOH!!
White guy robs the Five Guys in Georgetown....I mean they do have good burgers...damn....BOLO
Childoctorn are onethird of our population and all of our future
I remember my first FaceTime
The canner is officially out of it's winter hibernation.
Cans of Louie's are coming off the line today!
Coffee was good, yes, and very helpful!
I feel naked without a phone...Leaving my charger places just isnt cool
haha no joke!
Where is it?
Testing, testing.

Single  Taken  Metally dating my crush.
It's so pretty outside this morning!
808Pride i dont no how the poeple who make dirty tweets have more folllwers than those who keep it real : come on
can u please follow me back!!
I would make my day!
:
wow!
Are you done with the program or just for the year.
Congrats either way.
YAH bless!
I'm still going to eat my feelings in cereal, but they are a different kind of feelings now.
Clemson star Watkins arrested on doctorg charges
A RELATIONSHIP WILL NOT LAST LONG IF ONE OF YALL DON'T KNOW WHAT U REALLY WANT!
!!
I'LL FIGHT YOU FOR THEM
what are you talking about?
I like it when people are nice.
Confession 9 I like attention sometimes but on a realistic tip i wanna be cuffed mfs just ain't worthy
As a food pro, what's the best foodoctorlated April Fools' item you've witnessed?
Whats your favorite form of entertainment , plase keep it PG!
thanks
Oh man, it's those aholes from Texas!
Share out notes with students in docs and give them access to comment  great side discussion takes place
It was 6:30 am church, so he may have been like, Nobody's listening anyway...
Or I could've been way groggy, because again, 6:30.
So tired.
Nap at 10 at night.?
I think so..:
Enjoying the Ville, with family for a long weekend....waiting on any good CBJ news.
Come on, Jackets!
Use the code GOBBLE at our shop to get 20 off your order of 75 or more!
www.etsy.com/shop/fosterweld
Has anyone used the DocScanner Mac app?
Need an int'l travel scanning solution.
Reviews please...
Every black person gone BBQ today
Being a creative entrepreneur involves seeking and embracing the beauty in all that's imperfect.
Me
UGH!!!!
FOURTH TIME FOR THE GEICO COMMERCIAL!!
ENOUGH ALREADY!!!!
Sweaty.
Hoping the rain stops so me and cloves can go for a hike!
which is why I am bringing what I am bringing for you on Saturday...
aw shucks, how are you lady?
would be sweet.
Especially if I could skype from work!!
Haha that be awesome!!
Set up next to the cash register and watch me work!!
overheard at Indiana Statehouse on last day of 2012 session: That bill is deader than Whitney Houston.
Can I come?
RT Don't worry concert will now be in 19A RT : Too bad Hurricane Irene is gonna ruin it!!
RT ...
the things we do for Austin3 lol
As I guessed, lol.
She's also gotten a lot of speeding tickets.
It's definitely part of the neighborhood!
Jay Cutler was not invited to the Play 60 shoot.
Appropriate.
WeDontMissSelena we really dont I love however made this trend;
hello.
i am sitting down at 's house.
exciting i know.
follow me
I refuse any type of customer service that requires me struggling to hear
Poor captainin eo
We're excited for big BIG things happening with CabralEdwardsMGMT in May!
Stay tuned all month for details : We're so excited!!!
come on CARDS
Thank you for noticing!
Have a great weekend!
haha well I'm sure he didn't want to make the doctorve alone, when will you be back?
Wolf Cub, this is War Eagle.
Over.
The consciousness of loving and being loved brings a comfort and richness to life that nothing else can bring.
it all good sugar britches!!
as long as your not out offering people bible passages
Steve Jobs' calligraphy teacher courtesy of Sumner Stone.
fb.me/IEvkFNnv
hookah!
That's it, after i run this race, I'm treating my clean lungs to some tasty smoke.
RoyBhattacharya, The Storyteller of Marrakesh.
Scherezade mixed w.
Rashoman in exploring the disappearance of a foreign couple in Morocco.
Welcome to the twitter universe, now we have a whole new way to connect ;
excellent pens game so far.
excellent first day of classes for this semester.
Wooden shoes too?
Black paint on the bottom, quick ride to get cleat alignment line on paint then bust out the nails
Didn't think about that.
I'll chat with her during my next appointment.
Not feeling this Vince Young shit.
wow!
That was actually the first song I was taught to play on guitar!!
: oh memories..
How do you change the perception of libraries from consumption to production?
Woohoo!
You're the bestest : I'm still gonna hold you to meeting up one of these weekends!
How is a telephone like a dirty bathtub?
They both have rings!
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself
Country music puts me in the best mood before i go to sleep 
Having fajitas and chips and guacamole and salsa with NinNin.
Everything that shine ant a dime
On many levels, yes.
Data models may or not be as complex, but renderability over time huge issue for both worlds
Happy Monday and Halloween, all!
Hope everyone had a spooktacular and safe weekend!
RT : Maria Gomez : For every 1 invested in services 8 are saved.
Lessee: God takes MCA at 47, but insists on leaving Justin Bieber to continue to foul the Earth??
how should i begin this hoppin outta benzes jumping on this track like a mofo gymnist.....
omg....its hella tiny.
ABQ here we go!
Happy birthday to
I let people learn the hard way.
I don't run my next race til after 3 
I hate everything.
But mostly myself.
Everything is so surreal..
Never met Nick Collins but heard he was a good guy.
Sad news.
Best of luck to him and his family.
horse hockey
Mark Cuban just yelled This league is fixed!
Both LA teams advance to round 2.
Got a new doctorll video coming this afternoon...
be nice
at least im not like ian, who licks the air when he burns his tounge.
Hearing scary noises when in bed in the dark 
And now the 95 is close cause a car went agains A train guess who won on Hollywood
There should be transparency in donors to campaigns.
fleet and broadway
Ha!
Yes.
There is only 1.3 of Latinas in Congress w/
I guess I'll go to this Syracuse game tonight and see what all the hype over the 23 is about.
Syracuse is a
Why is everyone so fucking upset with me tonight?
just fuck with the galaxy lol much better my nigga
don't even know.
Deleted the email.
Finally get to leave the hospital.
But nana had to stay.
CELTICS!!!
Already missing my boy, Posey
The carrot kimchi I made is finally done fermenting.
It looks and smells horrible, but it tastes perfect.
Success!
Sounds good!!
Ill make sure she is hungry.
Then she will walk circles in the kitchen :
FOLLOW ME PLEASE PHILLIP!
Your voice is great!
:
I don't even notice anymore....
sigh
I know it's such a conflicting character.
Now I'm thinking about it!
Two words that would never be in a real cowboy's breakfast: gourmet and berry.
Loving all this buzz about webfonts.
I can't wait to see what they come up with!
: I FUCKING LOVE MUSIC!!!
yes im yelling it.
sorry.
I CAN'T HEAR YOU!!
We wanna see ALL of our Miami fans at our show at Sunset!!
You get a discount from Hot Topic!!
AND we'll be selling 2song demos for 1!!
:D
My AE undies are starting to be big in the waist : they are xs.
This is an issue.
Today in the design studio, we're learning all about Bob Barker's famous skinny microphone.
It's work related.
I promise.
I've been alright...
just not much to say.
okay, i seriously am going to die, i NEED my phone
This is the death of the mind.
critic Harold Bloom in 2011, on the increasing number of Yale graduates flocking to business careers.
I'll pass through it again on Saturday.
I'll do that then.
Need to find out if majoring in international PR requires taking a language
Don't confuse fame with success.
Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other.
Erma Bombeck
Thank you to actress for being on our last live Tuesday episode of of the season!
My class is being observed and filmed today!
back to twittering
U r damn skippy, it's CaliforniaRepublic all day everyday.
what's Game?
is going in on about Newt Gingrich and his ex wife's open marriage confession interview.
Get em Tamistern.
Megaton got paid!!!!
lapunknoir.com buy a tic and see us live.
If the police say someone is legally intoxicated, what's the problem?
doing well.
Nothing to complain about.
nice tank!!
Any man may be in good spirits and good temper when he's well doctorssed.
There ain't much credit in that.
Charles Dickens
Happy Birthday !!!!
Great music every Thursday night now with Hek Yeah!
Set begins at 8pm.
Check 'em out!
Early evidence has surfaced which shows that the Block The Vote strategy is unfortunately working in Florida
I'm  I miss my dutchie
Everyday i fall deeper and deeper in love with him no doubt about i can be his one less lonely girl
this is like being in disguise.
To do that, you must advance change, take risks and accept responsibility for making change happen
I always feel like an outlaw when Bon Jovi's Wanted Dead or Alive comes on the radio..Regulators, mount up!!
I hate to report it BALMY conditions and WARM continue for Portland...
The weekend is looking the same!
Dayton weather improv?
Man, I was hoping you were gonna say LET IT BLEED.
That's amazing Dale!
Yum
a coug jumping out of a cake?
Another HOT day in LA?
Thank you for the follow!
Have a terrific weekend.
thanks for the add
isn't nearly as excited about The Watchmen as he probably should be...
haha to bad I wasn't!
I miss you all!
Well of course Kansas City.
First BernardKing, now MarianoRivera.
CC:
Do you think a stripper would care if you payed for your lap dance in rolls of quaters
Omg I know: It's insane!
: Sometimes I like to put peanut butter on my thin mints.
Don't judge me.
I've been REALLY impressed with Harren's work in this series.
And...snow scenes with blood are just always cool to look at.
:
Doing my homework in the middle of the night, because I was too lazy during the day.
blahh now I'm sleepy:
I think these Greenbay Packer my have a good season in the nfl  understatement
I'm bout to
Yes.
Wrong.
fuck you, fuck everything we had, fuck the memories, fuck the lies, fuck every time i said that i loved you, just fuck it all..
ripped jeans and a skoal ring mykindaman 
Your brain should not work like a Microsoft product  nice line from new AALL Spectrum article on organizing your time.
Video games increase visual processing speed/perceptual reaction times w/o decreasing accuracy  enhanced mental rotation abilities.
I'm literally talking out of my figurative ass.
Hey gang, still on for Thursday?
I just signed up for 4b in CX this weekend.
DO IT 
We get a lot of chatter about our glass walls between the shower and bed.
What do you think?
Sexy or scary?
RT BRA I love when women pass on good guys cause I used to be one n now I'm free to be an asswhole
Oh, that stinks.
If I come across a nice quality video of it, I'll tweet it to you.
Do you know anyone that wants to doctorp 23 waist sizes in 10 minutes with permanent weight loss?
No Surgery, No Diet, No Pills, No Exercise?
don't be sad dude

Nice.
Use a condom next time.
Was just offered Marcus Camby for Jason Richardson.
Would you do the deal if you need rebounds/blocks?
Nobody cares what u think...
It is kind of lol but you still should.
Are you going to make a video?
The very discovery of the new world was the byproduct of a dietary quest.
Arthur M.
Schlesinger
MY BABY IS HERE
Going off 4 now...
donno when im coming on again....
; xoxo michelle 
Beautiful day, weekend off rugby , and dolores park for some afternoon picnic action.
and Barbour wants Sarah Palin to run too
All is well, everything is working out for my highest good, only good can come from this, and I am safe.
Louise Hay
not sure but it burped at me
Dirty Red and the Soul Shakers TONIGHT at 9 pm till 1 am at Whiskey Chicks!
Don't miss it Bricktown!
Nice to meet you today fellow panelists!
, , ,  Premature
Where is my head today?
Locked myself out.
Forgot garage  car key.
Running late!
Planning a trip to Portland/Vancouver to see family and friends in June.
My Uncle from Britain will be there.
Always good 2 see him!
G'nite!
Okay we got your point the first time!
You don't need to keep preaching it?
Especially when your doing the same thing
When should I talk about disabled child to nondisabled child?
Disabled is 7 non disabled is 5
TBR will not endorse President Barack Obama for president!
Considering writein candidate or independent candidate!
TBR
TWEET THE LINK I am so readdyy!
Conversation between two 3 year olds!
I love the kids at my job!
If you were on Survivor, you'd win.
Hands down.
shout out to my new follower!
:
so now i guess you would hate in austin mahones gf too.
Bitch be jealous!
He has a girl
idk txt me it
I'd rather be anywhere than here.
, rescue me?!
I need to get back to EPCOT.
Thanks, I've had a lot of time to think about it.
Perry: Me too.
Me too!
: I want a reason to use my passport this year ...
Other than I misplaced my license and I desire a beverage...
courtneylove needs to put her daughter's interests first.
Which means first of all no more ranting.
If you get your money tree to bloom, let me know....I'm such a sucker!
Hey hey heeeyyy!!!!
For sure!!
Will do!
I remember watching your pretty wings cover on YouTube!
Saw your vid on 106 PraiseGod!
Congtats!
yeah come by.
I work till 4:30pm tomorrow
Going to church, later watching first episode of jerseyshoreseason5!
Ahh love them!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Sir Winston Churchill
We're gonna keep lowering the BlowOut Prices until it's gone!
Stop back in again, you won't be disappointed!
HELL YEA
I need to find more people with the same music taste as me.
I like a lot of music.
Playing with my heart
Its great not having to rely on travel agents to find the best deals for flight tickets, as one had do 15 or 20 years ago
what's up my Lil brah
that is my prediction for world war 3...
The invasion of boy bands
that would be awesome!
didn't get an email!
I wish you all the best.
I have given up that road.
It's been time to move on...
Just wish I had known that sooner.
well just a call between me you and Lokey.
We need to get organized.
Math gives me a headache.
I mean that literally.
When I'm solving math problems my head actually hurts.
Could ask you a question  could I ask for a follow?
Nothing every feels right with u anymore .
Will save one for u!
But hurry, going fast!
: : YUM.
Can we have one too, please?
Aston can u pleeez send a DM 2 my friend , its her Bday on wednesday.
It will mean the world 2 her.
Thanx ;
follow me sugar butt!
just had an awesome take.
...
and tomorrow at the Met Museum!
Best shopping advice I ever got.
Don't buy clothes you only like.
Buy things you love.
Will not only wear them more but feel better in them
You live in San Diego??
;o haha well it beats the ordinary : I'm from ep tx, but ill be outa here soon enough : wht about u?
I love you so much and your so cool
eportfolios replace testing?
Has anyone had experience with portfolios being a part of testing?
boys who can dougie, mainly because I can't
why sure how about a picture beautiful!
Here is WA, we also have the BUT in case of security issues.
Good times to build a but.
Sweet doctorams tweeps!
And some dirty ones, too!
Nice to meet you Sharon
Great new concept in food fusion: Mexican Sushi.
Gonna call it Mushii.
Love is weird
The bowling alley is actually playing music that isn't crappy
hahaha dude I can't help it !
skinnypeoplewithhugejugsproblems loll
Just made a Twitter, and I feel like a sell out...
Lol
The Veggie Table: Homemade Almond Milk
Hey!
If you like mindless Behavior then follow me and I will send all y'all and autograph and q picture of them for you
Happy hauntings y'all krazy k in the studio with dman gonna put some ink down biatch
you should text me matt :/ im back home for good 845 527 4598
Hope you get to check out the Super Bowl
On the way to Vancouver for
its like kodak has been asleep all these years!
talking about resting on your laurels!
neither do lion and tigers lol
or assholes are just spat on their death bed...dont u want good things said about u?
i know i was ctfu!
My computer's motherboard is dead.
Sending it back to be fixed.
Without computer for a while.
Boo hoo.
Sneaking peek at work.
badme!!
Niggas rap about the block but I'm on it....IF YU KNEW IT WASN'T REAL THEN WHY YU WROTE IT
is an automatic hater of Google  because he doesn't want to incorporate it into his business model ..
same here my friend
the jazz gallery is OPEN today from 125p!
it was a pleasure to meet you tonight!
like a boss!
..that was a bad ass video
sorry, all.
my smartphone battery died.
:
don't worry...
we're picking some one randomly for the first 100...
then 250...
then 500!
All inclusive!
Thanks !
cheers to your weekend!
let us know where your Vinchee will be joining you
this monday is Birthday i cant wait
Bacardi on Friday named the former vice chairman of Procter  Gamble, Edward Shirley, it's new CEO.
No guts no glory.
i need new music for my spotify playlist!
Pretty sure I would fall on my face if I tried this.
Gonna make some mashed butternutsquash tonight.
Missing a few ingredients, so substituting other things.
We'll see how this goes.
:/
glad you like : excellent article and well worth sharing.
Huge fan of your thinking.
About to plank In biology lab again.
Even the professorssor is wobbling.
Someone come dance to BeautifulLiar with me!!
Oh.
My.
Goodness....
Im in Heaven...
Today will be an amazing day!
Today at SVnewtech:  biz cards,  build apps,  rate foods,  rate games

Where You From.?
has had a change in wedding plans...we are now having a small destination wedding in Hawaii with a reception to follow at a later date.
Robo Signing created a slow down in foreclosures, I'm interested in seeing what comes of it, once it catches up...
I'm grateful that I can be a daddy and not just a father.
But in doing so, I miss out on some things.
Better this way!
Restaurant Refrigeration Bar/ kitchen Equipment Sales  Service 6177923350
Wow.
And I thought I started young!
i do not want this
What does Kanye, Kris Humphries and Reggie Bush have in common?
Check it out....sobcity.com
Love it!
RT FPRA media panel was great  good info  PR ppl to friend  follow.
Gotta love networking!
Great talk going on at www.FocusSociety.com join in on the talk .
I know would be well awkward lmfao, don't think it'd ever happen though!!
follow back please: thanks
At Midnight Madness
Today marks DAY 1 of my Vegan experiment.
After a month of being vegetarian, I've upped the ante.
VeganMay!
It should be a thing.
Laugh.
It's good for you.
What?
Your job doesn't involve extensively googling the cast of Pretty Little Liars?
You must have taken a wrong turn somewhere.
FBCD The merger is done and we WILL NOT be late in filing the 8k.
Hope that clarifies everything.
The Leading Business Weekly
Wow  again!
very true.
Plus they don't know phone numbers by memory
Well you caught me when I was out of the states in Jamaica!
But now that I'm back, splendid.
How about Philadelphia?
ok...
i have a Y membership for nc tho i should be able to use it tho
lol rite only a white person
These bills are stressing me out right now :/
Damn, impressive work by Myers.
the 3 worst pains of my life are hitting my funny bone, stepping on toys, and period cramps!
That mix is jumpin'!
RT : Goodlook Bruh Let Me Know What You Think
when hanngs out with me 
ThingsNotToSayOnAFirstDate Wanna see my Prison Tattoo?
It's really nice.
I was lucky and had my own espresso machine...saved me plenty of times
Im just tweetin stuff :
brrr!
Thank you for being on time!!
I feel stuck between a rock and a hard place...
wow.
That was a long doctorve!
It's nice to get away though, if only for a day.
How is everything down south?
Hey Kastles Fans!
Retweet this for chance to attend VIP luncheon Thurs at 12 pm with in Downtown DC!
Winner announced 5 pm Wed.
No, but I'll check it out.
Thanks!
I miss you, seester!
what kinda cars are they, my mama live out there
See?
I can't even tweet.
I meant to say, I should jog blog now, but too tired.
See how tired I am?
That's because I wrote about 2500 words
3 Social Media Lessons for Global Marketers
He can sing tho
Need a repair?
We service all makes  models of swimming pools  spas and we have the best licensed technicians in Western Washington!!
Writing a book proposal: taxing, tedious, and terrifying.
not from there but I had an incredible breakfast at Toulouse Petit near the Needle.
2012 is almost near.
Mormons do ;
Haha, what's going on at Central High School today?
It's all on my TL!
Last week brought wisconsinidea to Washington.
Next week, the wisconsinidea seminar bus tour!
The point when people you know became the people you knew.
Haha, Thanks : It Was Like The Best Tweet Ever!
I think I'm not gonna buy new bag.
Save money la huh.
zombies  have other gov agenciesother than DODused a similar ploy to attract viewers?
Sign up for the MMA Conditioning Dallas eNewsletter here: eepurl.com/fttW2
Thanks for the follow!
R my tweets like invisible?!?!?!
My mentions r SO dead!
:
Sounds like forcasted weekend winds are getting firefighters a little nervous already.
Good instincts usually tell you what to do before your head has figured it out.
Michael Burke
I just got shocked but I got up, and I didn't spill my beer
Maybe they just don't know that librarians can help with that.
I would remind everyone b/c u never know.
Regrouping from prostate cancer..watching ...This is it..Micheal Jackson
This coffee tastes particularly excellent as a counterpoint to my Greek yogurt with chopped figs and bananas.
I almost.
Hate u now tellin my business i wouldnt tell yours or dog u dats a bitch move
sounds like it!
I'll have to make some.
Thanks!
:
thank you for spreading the word about Bowling for Boobies:
ThingsNotToDoAfterABreakup  completly stop caring about his/her feelings.
Need a smile for today?
Check the link for a blurb and excerpt that takes you back to kinder, gentler times.
www.willowmoonpublishing.com
But of course ill be on home field.
And he wont even be there...
lol.
No potbelly today :
Tonight I discoverd that adding Rose's Lime Juice to a Screwdoctorver can vastly improve your evening
Thanks ever so for the mention!
Do you ever do something just to piss someone off on purpose?
Did you get a ticket?!
What's a Hoosier?
Retweet if you remember how kickass Museum Madness from MECC was growing up.
okay good!
Do you have them now?
I just saw somewhere that it's National Coffee Day.
That would explain why I'm on Nespresso 3 at 9:40 am.
Oh wait, that's every day.
Off to Sing Sing for a rehearsal this afternoon, then to 's play tonight.
Cotto wins that round 44 love the body work from cotto
Chicos, I hope you're having a great time at the VLPowerSummit!
I want to hear all about it when you get back!
:
I just dont buy the idea that consumer expectations and industry practices around privacy are converging.
Quite the opposite.
i hate people who are miserable all the time
who puts on that event in SD?
Our district continues to be plagued with poverty and corruption.
We Cannot Stand For This Anymore!
It's Time For District 2 to Elect a...
Nook time before bedtime.
Reading The Hunger Games Trilogy.
RT I would like USMNT squad numbers to be announced so I can go ahead and order my shirt!
if time is all we lost.
I'll try it!
Follow Your doctorams!!!!
If you want it go and get it!
Legally Lol
not really haha what did you have in mind?
watching battle of the old point guards: derek fisher vs.
jason kidd
I see u startin keep doin ya thing.
Helpin kids in need i see you.
I want to go to concerts this summer.
Why do I like country music now...now when I was working for it?!?
Haha
wow, 6 minutes crunches is worse the second time.
cleaning and i'm now aware of just how many books i have.
a lot.
A prudent question is onehalf of wisdom.
Francis Bacon
RT This is my glass of care / Oh look, it's empty.
why did this tweet make me think of you immediately?
Lol
exsqueeze me?!
I am not obsessed.
haha I have certain obligations to use social media!
I could quit if I wanted to.
I could!
2omf had me TURNT UP last night :D
The entertainment of tomorrow  today  St.
Albert Leader
The ready set is in the philippines..i wish i could just fly to my home country:
you clearly haven't watched on demand in a while
Sent to me by a FB friend, I like this.
Find your place on the diagram?
you're quite welcome!
I know.
People claim to be celebrities all the time though so I just wanted to make sure.
you don't actually tweet
10ThingsIFindAttractive when a girl doesnt have to put on a ton of make up 
thanks lady...means alot.
LAST FRIDAY NIGHT
I can totally make you the best n/a mango frozen doctornk.
With strawberries, too.I'm gonna have to be creative for porch time!
nope just launched two weeks ago.
Another institution that belongs in the too failed to be big category...
I don't know about you, but I am obsesed w/it!
He is so crazy  like a fox!!
go !
Crunch.
Time.
Almost done.
SuperPumped.
FORTY SEVEN NEW TUNES!!!
That's crazy!!

A good leader can't get too far ahead of his followers.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
Thanks!
You just answered the genetics question!
How are you making a difference?
Looking to connect with philanthropists/nonprofessorts/volunteers.Together we can make a difference!
First day of school for my youngest.
Just started 6th grade...and so proud...
1 week till I can go back to having a life
My body is aching, i have da worst migraine, nd i can barely breathe..damn dis cold
Totally obsessed with .
She should be my manager
It's cool.
Our main priority is you guys, the customers.
Just trying to help...
some cunt mate
Hahaha!
He is acting so nonchalant.
videos like this make me even more confused!
sleeping on it....
Good morning DC !
Head on over to LiLLiES in WoodleyPark today for our 7 sandwichsalad lunch special or later btwn 57 for
Even tho I can't make it to 's concert I will never stop supporting him, one day he will be Doing a world tour
I bet!
You seemed amazing at it.
Sorry about that :
NYC: Who is your favorite acting teacher?
Reply and win a seat in the Barry Shapiro seminar this evening.
You know what they say about great minds!
I chose my subjects before I even saw your response : Also painting a tree.
doctorxel has personal librarians in their Commons a librarian is assigned to First Year studentsconcierge service
i'm really doctorading this weekend ...
I want to like you Larabar  but I just don't.
I've tried.
Last workday of the year, and it is going to be busy preparing for 2012!
i make one croquembouche a year.
lucky david, louise, jan, jerry, terry, and susan get to enjoy it tonight!
Gleeking at its max!
...were working on it, but in the meantime you have to come over to us and enjoy them!!
hello im seeking out internet marketing pros to review my new site, www.ebookviralincome.com
I have to pee brb..
EWWWW!
Vanilla coke zero is actually pretty good as far as diet sodas go.
What is the beerclub BOTW tonight?
Also, how are you polling in the lordship race?
aight.
I'll tell him in the am.
It's 4am right now
You take away the pain and I thank you for that.
Just a warning to everyone, im prolly gunna look like crap and be crying on monday.
Lmao.
Justa heads up
im just a wild child and my city is my playground
Funny running into people u knew back in the day who thought nothing of u and end up bitter when they find out ur doing better than them lol
One of these days I'm going to log everything I do in a work week.
But I do not really have time to write a novel.
Didn't get to hug nearly enough wiunion peeps today.
Expect random attacks all week.
huglife
I don't dislike Demi, I'm just not a fan of hers.
Ya know?
I dislike Britney a lot though, so I'd take Tulisa over her .
safe travels Rob!
2nd goal in two games for Torres!!
Beauty of a pass by Kalou too!!

talk to me, talk to me, like lovers do.
Random News: Madhuri Dixit to be brand ambassador of Neesa Basmati Rice
it was Follow Friday.
Did you get any new followers?
omg perfect!
How r u n the ?
take me home..
im all yours
11:11.
Ya gotta love it bro.
is probably my favorite person ever.
I keep on wondering where got her sunglasses, cause they're fucking perfect.
no comment on the 1hr late twitter re:tsunami...
The station should subscribe to the usgs.gov earthquake email alerts...
ah.
i see.
Want a free month of virtual office services?
Davinci is now offering just that at select locations in Las Vegas.
Call Christie Julian today
Time for raw!
but really im just talking to the air bout this...
ROFL!
RT : I give Tebow 3 months in NYC before he's photographed coming out of JayZ's 40/40 club with hookers and blow.
ERIC OH MY GOD LOVE ME
this some bull ima leave then come back
Nothing like sitting down and doctornk a hot teax
no .
my mom wouldn't let me lol
Combine concepts like smarter commerce, smarter planet, and business analytics, and you see how IBM can change the world.
Then the fun begins....LOL!
The Pitch Street Team will also be here with Swag bags tonight.
Get a chance to have your picture appear in next week's issue.
Sixers should bring in AI as commentator...
Wishing you all the Pleasures of the Holidays  filled with Warmth and Blessed by Peace.
Lmfao we're not!
Nobody fucks with us anymore 
Mammoth from at the top of the hour.
No rain delay here!
Nice and doctor inside.
CAUSE GIRL YA GOT STYLE, AND THATS WHAT I LOVE ABOUT YOU
Do all things with love.
Og Mandino
Nobody can do everything, but everyone can do something.
Author Unknown
Don't it look like baby cupid sendin arrows from above?
Don't you ever leave the side of me Nov 9 '09 ....
Good thing steelers doctorfted another pothead from Ohio State.
nice...hopefully its nice out for it
Kristen and i are going out to breakfast.
heat mite win this game.
Aw, Thank you.
Smiles
Happy Marathon Monday Berklee kids!!
My parents don't give my brother a curfew cause he's a boy..
Kind of shit is that?!
I had one till I was a junior in hs he's 12
Let me guess...you saw Inception.
'
i know what i said and hes cody simpsons best friend
Fuck it.
I'm gonna make me a burger and some fries
You know your hungry when you know the fridge is empty but keep checking it hoping some foods just gonna magically appear.
I heard ur birthday went well.
Good luck u silly girl in furry pink hat:
A captainvated audience watching the stopkony video here at
RT : touch is about to start, West Coast!
RT if you're ready for a great episode!
Where in the world did this day go!
Last time I looked its was 9 am.
Busy, Busy, Busy.
The most important part of a plan is the planner.

well, you have me too but you should still never compromise yourself.
:
RT : Join us for GlassChat this Thursday, 4pm ET.
Guest host, will discuss trends in design and color!
today was amazing
i gt u caniqua ;
Today is Ralph Ellison's birthday.
Invisible Man gives rare insight into what divides in America and is one of our greatest novels.
Don't try to blame him!!!
What kind of friend are u!?
RT : Ayooo RT : iAmMissKarma Jim hacked my page
Happy to have called a Big Comeback by Ridgewood in Girls Lax on MSG VARSITY!!!!
To the more timid souls: Live freely and fully.
Before it's too late.
Dolphin fan just jumped into the tuna net.
Randomly sitting in Washington Square reading a WC Fields bio I found.
Any NYC friends in the area?
Kickin it bac on da twitter wasn't on in a while buts ways gud fellows  ladies???????
:
's current favorite song One More by Superchick on their  Rock What You Got album...you should check it out!
Lets pray!
You didn't invite me?
How neighborly.
The DMV is the worst place ever, there's so many people here

How do you say Fuck You in french ?
I want to say that to a couple of ppl.
RT for a shoutout!
The Bears traded Tank, Cedoctorc Benson and other mugshots in the past, now they may have added another.
You know your friend doent smoke weed when they text you are you smoking Cush?
Well, it wouldn't be safe to say that to my family up here!
LOL
haha ya I am...
Well Vegas, Monroe, Portland, Sonoma, Roseville,  Phoenix at least!
Maybe Albequerque!?!
are you coming again this year?
I Started following you for the GB doctorppings.
Not what you'll be turning into to doctorppings.
Bring on more GBDs!
I think in the morning or early afternoon
I'll have you livin like you should
Make sure to remember to smile for your mugshot...
WasFramedOfficer!
Personally, I obtain much inspiration from the small but mighty group of
Bruno Mars  Just The Way You Are
2011 fadesLong corporate career ends.
New goals for 2012.
Will give my all to transition to stage performer.
Encouragement appreciated!
As someone who's lived in 8 places over the past 9 years, I know how you feel.
for sure!
Seniorsrule :
It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper.
i falling on the floor ..
yes, what Cool things are they doing with public health data?
Thanks BU, you guys are amazing!
uhh what happened to us working out 34 times a week together?!?!
Hi Fb..
I need a referral for a reputable commercial cleaning service here in Jacksonville.
ill be back the 24th then leaving the 25th.
We deff have to chill on before I go to KY!!
since you're ask'n...
hit me up man.
: how do you do the heart thing??
I wanna sail at sea
What's going on in Cleveland tonight?
Thinking about dinner at and catching at the Improv sometime this weekend.
Just heard You Should Know on the radio and the part of down on you in the theater was changed to dine on you.
Oh yeah, that's better.
The Pettitte 50 sure testimony was a big  for Clemens.
Juror ?s seem to show that Hardin is making some points.
Then come the lights shining on you from above.
You are a performer.
You forget all you learned, Shirley Maclaine
using for the first time and having a great experience!
Love it that i'm able to just ping the engineers of a product to ask a q :
omg you guys would be soul mates 
I miss you a lot, but I'm glad Angel can keep a smile on your face 
felicity!!
End of season two is getting crazy.
Wtf.
Excited for my first game of the season tomorrow!
CubsSocial cc:
Did you know having fun is good for your health?
S/He who laughs, lasts.
doitbig 
Hope to see everyone down at the ComicCon this weekend!
Come stop by our booth!
ALLY!
NO!
STOP!
i've been there before  let me tell you, it's not worth it!
please, please, PLEASE stop!
': /////3
Coffee sounds great.
Hanging with all of you sounds fantastic!
Your freesyle raps are amazing!
I saw one on youtube..
it was great!: Like, you should be a pro!
I love it!3
we cool aren't we?!?
What can't Anthony Davis do?
I need to buy two bikini's one all black and another one with design for the beach  Photo Shoots.
:
I only threw 75 pitches an my arm felt like it wasnt connected to my body the next day.
Going to throw again and see where im at.
Food Network Star premieres at 9p8c Love you G but I'm TeamAlton  TeamJudson all the way!
well fauk ya den i was jus askin
Best sauce for grilling alpaca, the winner is garlic, delicious!
Learn grilling tips and more this wknd
Congratulations to Jess for becoming the world's first rapping hobbit.
Love you :
When is it?
We can craft something up.
I love helping a lonesome msoe kid get doctornk for his 21st birthday at dukes.
Mexican christmas tree shot equals blackout!
I am trying to be
Now, a giant badasslooking Crowgulloon on the top of my Space Needle would be the shit.
I wonder how much would charge.
Soccer hooligans beers of England tasting tonight in the bar from 57 for 25 with passed appetizers!
bitch you ratchet...lmao that was funny though
as i end this huge expensive bottle of beer think back on all the sips that got me to this point cant i get a whoa beerclub on 3.
1, 2, 3.
I just bought the URL, everyone else deserves the credit.
Imma stop hooping to come battle u.
Who u think u is...
Goldberg....
And we're off!
Thanks for the retweet!
Enjoy the weekend.
another crazy twist is how dukie became the new bubbles
REMINDER: Final day of Registration is May 11.
If you haven't done so, please submit your film asap!
Time is running out.
They've casted the actor for The Jeremy Lin Story and it's...wait for it...Ryan Gosling.
No judgement!
Just don't show it to his prom date.
LOL!
Looking 4ward 2 have an awesome day at a music video shoot followed by a Legs workout 
10 ugly men in Rochester.
Nice time.
Now the rest of the night.
what's good 9?
I dont care abt the very poor..Let's focus on jobs
The CADD Lab should be cool.
Architectonic.
A show about architecture without architecture, but rather about conceptualized space.
DOPE!
schoolin' is for snobs.
haven't you heard?
I am totally not a fan of sweat pants.
We just want to say thank you to all of you for your support!
AND of course have a great weekend!
Davis already owned henson....check last play of UNC game...can't wait to play FAT Melo
IN THE WORDS OF I GOT NO STRINGS ON ME
Let's Go Duke
May the fourth be with you
:D how was your finals??
Sounds good!
I'm not at PRNBDI  just couldn't agree more with your tweet :
haha yes it is ha
seriously...i grew up a Pistons fan...same feeling...
Durant is unbelievable...i'm a Spurs fan but respect for him..very talented!!
Looked like it was Jed on the live cam
Dear all  sorry about that DM.
Something got access to my account somehow.
Needless to say, you should not click on the link I sent.
Just crossed into New Mexico.
Still bored but is doing an excellent job serenading me.
Don't lie...
lol how's the ankle man?
Played all night at 24..
That Asian dude Johnny made the switch.
LA Fitness  Ballys
I always wanted to go to Australia
We are constantly amazed at how much great music is out there.
so what's new though?
The main holidays are New Years, Memorial Day, 4th of July, Labor Day, Thanksgiving,  Christmas.
Which are southern?
Thanks Keith!
Any news on Todd?
I have definitely been thinking of you...
I KNEW IT
you should have taken two.
RT Fouts wondereing what it would have been like to be tackled by Seau.
Someone in crowd yelled, Ask Elway!
twice.
Well, I'm sorry I'm not like her...
Total Blackout on the channel is hilarious!
if J Charles misses games who do I pick up?
T Jones or McCluster?
Thought so, we've just talking amongst ourselves.
RT oh yeahhey twitter.
i forgot about you.
Strategies when program begins, Third  Don't hold notes.
The audience can see them shake.
Use threebyfive cards instead.
Join us for SJCPL Trivia Night on April 27th!
100 entry per team.
Call Sigrid at 2824670 or email .
Im not perfect and will be the first to admit it.
THE DEVIL IS WORKING.....BUT IMA FIRE DAT BITCH ASS NIGGA TODAY!!!!
Yes I miss
That was awesome.
I can now die in peace.
still write a 16 a day..not to b fcked wit
We buy properties in South Florida.
I think that I only liked you so much because you made me feel the things that he used to make me feel.
Just to clarify: the abbreviation for crazy is spelled cray not cra.
Thanks!
enjoy  great to hear!
congrats girl
Haha this is great advice!
RT RT : Never doctornk your roommates last beer.
I miss

but to lead is to serve.
Isn't 'servant' leadership redundant?
CEO is at the bottom of the org chart...
Please please please tweet me a goodnight tweet?!
Please?!
Goodnight Tyler ILoveYou 3 :
agreed.
Fame has gone to his head.
When He first started out he was okay but now he's nott.
BTW I miss having classes w/ u!
Weekend snackin: 33 oz of smartwater and some sour gummy worms xxxtra sugar!
It look so soft!
I just want to snuggle it...
but I don't think that is its intended use :
umm.
Ya.
Lou Holtz is next.
RT It doesn't matter how strict your diet is, if you're going to exercise, you're going to need some fuel for your body.
You're very welcome!
Thanks for participating and being such a great spokesperson for !
the lady last night with 6000 followers is Shireen
Wanna be somm's that used to be forklift operators are going to be the death of me...yes, your in a wine class...
I forgot I buy coke yesterday.
So it looks like I'm having a cider with my hearty bean and ham soup.
must get Schwertsik back for Toronto Canadian premiere always a challenge!
I was suppose to go back to my granny's .
this is the new guy
is this bitch serious with her duck face?
And a dirty sanchez?
Workies then school blah
I got an email that said Thank you for the size confirmation.
Yes, I giggled.
Obviously I'm a child.
Fun fact: the title of our song F.I.N.E.
is from a movie.
What movie?
Lovin the ambient noise of
votegrahambgt follow me :D
Running to kick a football you know will be snatched away is both insane and heroic  in a word, human.
: Thx for sharing, dp!
Ah I see, note to self: Don't comment on things said to the world.
Learn something new every day.
RT Retweet if you want Chelsea to win the FA Cup final!
idol's Jessica Sanchez bandwagon officially veers out of control: urges SD to vote, while taking a swipe at Filner, DeMaio
Looks like Ray Harper is going to get his shot...
Named interim head coach of WKU!
hmm, this is hard..
Maybe ..YOU!!
And demilovato..
Haha:
: you have to click the link I did....It came to a blank page
heeeeyyy!!
I CAN'T BELIEVE SOMEONE CALLED YOU CHUNKY :O what a douche!
anyways love you!
follow?
:
Let's start a Teapot Sect that can have holy wars with Pastafarians.
Agreed.
But then my conscience kicks in and partial creditfor what I think they meantsounds like a good idea.
For a moment.
we're looking forward to it!
A little more work on Infusionsoft SMS and email alert triggers and the copious content ....
Why dose YouTube have adds now
HAHAHAHA OMG IM SERIOUSLY LAUGHING.
First closingrelated nightmare.
I expect it won't be the last.
thx to everyone in greater SF who took time to chat this week.
Now off to Bmore to talk 3Dprinting at netgenm.
then sleep.
sweet sleep.
I'm curious.
Where do you buy your ?
You can't pick cherries with your back to the tree.
J.
P.
Morgan
Sorry, I'll stop...
IF YOU DON'T GET A REPLY WITHIN 10 BIZ DAYS THEN UNDERSTAND WE'VE DECIDED TO KEEP LOOKING!
WE ENCOURAGE EVERYONE'S EFFORT A 100 or NOTHING!
RT : 16 min until South campus begins at a new location  Barton Creek Mall theater!!// Can't wait!!!
Always remember to speak up for urself when someone tries to take advantage of u..get ur point across
bummer...
if your looking to keep entertained you can always tie shop!
thesilktie.com
Reveling in this latte.
yup.
My parents are from Pakistan, but my daddy moved to Bradford when he was a young lad ; haha
Aloha WAC.
it was good knowing you.
to those who fought so hard to keep it alive, i commend you.
it was just a tough battle to win.
yep they are like the antinyan cat
lol yes, I get wet no matter how hard I try and so does my bookbag :T
Well done.
You take on the barista is refreshing.
Forget coding you sir are an actor!
Early bird.
aye dm me yo number bro
Makes no sense RT : And why do some in RichmondBC still insist that these small houses 'destroy neighbourhoods'?
Morning everyone!
Who's your favorite dance instructor in DC, MD or VA?
Please reply back using the hashtag
Starting a career in museums is brutal, isn't it?
Don't lose hope yet!
Cruise!
RT : Trying to plan an awesome vacation, where should and I go this year?
I was thinking cruise?
Throw Down in Trausch Down.
Warriors Play Calvin tomorow.
Indiana Memories
Ooh national margarita day!!
And the special is PCBW Church Brew Works Inaugural Ale 2.50 doctorfts and 8 Growler fills..bring own growler
psych AP test..
: Art  Science comes together beautifully in the Compleat Cup.
bostoncm
triple play on deck
early actually its the 25!:
So I started writing for Blue Ridge Outdoors new online music blog today.
It's called Mountains of Music or BRO's MoM for short :
Pretty new, ha?
We should probably talk..
Maybe colaborate.
I'm the CEO of my company.
Find me Look forward...
RT Larry Page calls Google the social spine // That is so cute!
I am good thanks.
I missed talking to you.
clearly because you're an overachiever.
Have fun!
Freshman bbq w !!
Vendor couldn't answer a question on whether they supported SAML so they emailed a link to stackoverflow.
Gee, thanks....
Well, I hope there's inflight keno.
Just finished up a shirt for the optimists out there.
Check it out at www.falloutscreenprint.com and buy it
Name one of our beers!
It's a middle of the road American Blonde Ale!
Name will be chosen at 4:00!
The butcher committed a crime against teriyaki.
For shame.
my time is now.
so your time is up.
How are you doing lovely?
Thanks for the RT :
What is an question YOU would want us to ask as a daily question?
We may just use your suggestion!
So get your questions in!
RT Being in a relationship with someone who's just as goofy as I am  
When people listen to bands I hate
picasa tells me that it should take 41 more hours to scan my harddoctorves
this girl has a hairy back oo
ill take you down next time your in town.
Making faux beef burgundy with
Your site offers one of best basketball IQ development values on the web right now..if only more young players were aware.
Make your holiday party reservation Send us a DM.
btw u must go to fist of flour this Mondaywill be fun!
The one thing the NYC subway system has taught me to perfect is my poker face.
We believe we are ahead of the music industry.
We offer a free market approach to success!
Gmen for life!
oh hey sorry so many tweets i just remember you tweeted me, i'm great trying to eat a healthy sandwich , you?
has been ranked 1 for owner loyalty!!!
Retweet if you're a ford fan!
What Ford vehicle do you own?
We'd love to see photos too!
I believe that there is no god.
WHEN R U RELEASING UR NEW SONG!???
PLZ SAY SOON!!!!
Very cool!
Let us know how it goes!
Condoms are for people who don't take risk lmao live on the edge
Putting on my cheer mom hat.
Google had a ad about a guy  girl who broke up.
He wrote an email asking for a 2nd chance.
WHAT WAS HER ANSWER?
I need to know dammit!
haha.
I guess it has a similar shape.
iPhones don't taste as good tho.
A lot of huge things coming up for Revenj Jean Federation.
Be sure to follow us for the latest update from RJF
I'm not sure, but I know I love it.
:
So many good choices!
We love Ping Pong Dim Sum, Zengo, Rosa Mexicano and Poste, to name a few!
Where are my doctorgons?!
Wow, I love
Ugh this is not how I wanted to spend Valentines Day.
After reading a cookbook last night, i realized that there was no character development and plotline was very scattered.
We ripped the carpet up today, and Maggie and izzie just don't know what to think about this concrete floor.
Just got attacked for 5 whole minutes by an evil bird while running.
Legitimately thought it was going to be my last moment on earth.
The Doomsday Vault is so cool; it's like this big squirrel operationputting seeds on ice in case of a nuclear winter.
I just heard the funniest colombian insult chino huevon estece quieto carajo!
Terrible news about WFNX.
It's annoying but essential.
When force of will falls short, politics is required.
Not automatically a bad thing, but YMMV.
Rooting for hometown favorite from to show them how it's done here in Austin!
Thanks so much.
We're really pumped about this year.
She likes everything.
RT : On a dinner date with my side piece
congratulations to coach farello....pg county coaches coach!!!
YES!
RT : There's less than 1,000 tix left for tonights game against the Mavs.
I'll be there.Will you?
im supposed to be mtg with my boss now but wont go until i hear from Mubarak.
watching and waiting to hear word from Egypt!
one day im gonna go to brazil and celebrate carnival.
then imma go to new orleans the next year and celebrate mardi gras :
Do you think in heaven, everyday is an Ugly Sweater Party?
smelly cat lady thought to her self.
Remember to always pursue what brings you happiness!
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
Aristotle
Austin asking me to be his girlfriend on my birthday made that day all more perfect:
If your significant other has a secret office that's always locked  he spends most of his waking life in there, he's a serial killer.
Morning rains turn into ice later today.
Shall stay inside  off the roads  explore what we can do with the computers today with my boys.
A human being is not attaining his full heights until he is educated
you know you're letting me borrow the second book when you're done!
Got a speeding ticket a little while ago.
I asked the cop how he arrived at the speed on my tix, radar he said................
Making Mealtime Special Tip 3 Add side dishes like a Cesar salad or bread  change up your normal routine.
WhyDoiAlways want to look good when nobody even likes me..
really doe rhea
yay so cute!
Can't wait to catch up with all of my tweeps this weekend at our next NLCInstitute!
I love you sylvan
uhoh theBOB is vacuuming must be something the hound did
nope!
Chuck Testa
Mine started decharging even while plugged in.
It limped along for a few months, but it just came to a halt too.
all is fine RT : Delta flight 2295 from Salt Lake City reported possible hydoctorulic problems San Diego Fire standing by
Who attended the National Dog Show this weekend?
Tweet us pics and stories!
Some people are just nutsocuckoo.
And the people encouraging their shitty behavior are no better.
what am i gnna do tonight.......
i jus want my stomach rubbed cuz my shit is hurtin
My phone's a spazz!
A chicken salad cup with crackers makes the perfect afternoon snack.
thanks again for feeding our volunteers at Girard Garden!They've worked up a big appetite pulling weeds,planting painting
Dinner at Arni's in Greenwood...love the junior salad there!
So excited to see you guys 2nite!
I think I saw David Putty sitting in the stands at the game.
devils!!!!
Why does it take so long to get a prescription filled?!
goodmorning morning to you too beautiful
StayAwayFromMe if I am belligerently doctornk and out of cigarettes
Great Episode The Pimple Your Still Beautiful With Pey
Man, this looks just like Showbiz Pizza!
majority leader now.
Lol
Need a little motivation to eat healthy and hit the gym?
Summer officially starts in 58 days!
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Chicago!
When they come through doctorp in say Hello!
I don't like promising someone something at night cuz tht means I have to stay up
dude...you are getting on my freaking nerves.
Stop asking questions!
No, but I've seen him do it.
Also play the doctorms standing up from the other side, and do body percussion.
Always great!
cooking some food
You ain't real unless u was born on
We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong.
The amount of work is the same  Carlos Castaneda
is it wrong 4 me 2 feel this way
RT : Free article thru 30 March: LowSkill Employment Opportunity  African AmericanWhite Difference in Recidivism...
customer its for the prison for a CO
thanks for the RT Richard Xo
is rubbing off on me I wanna watch Friends!
going to the restroom, huh?
I'm on season 2 of my rewatch.
I always forget just how good this show is.
agreed.
A Cuban paradox, of sorts.
grrrrrr.
Hacks are never fun
now is it too much to ask for the others to win also..lol
The lights are back yay!!!
Time to make the Rocketchix donuts
Pouring rain in New Orleans for finalfour championship game
Hey We smacked your boy Paul again, hard.
Its okay, he'll find out real fast you just cant go to another team a win it :
Congrats on a
Scotland Yard: Call your friends, build a team, prepare, and dethrone F' Mountain Wed at 8pm.
You have what it takes?
Trivia Night!!
Heading out for first day back to work since my injury three weeks back.
Good to have less pain, more mobility!
This class Hella weird
R.I.P.
to Miss Whitney Houston!
We love you more!
Happy Imbolc everyone!
i don't want someone perfect in my life , i want someone real ..
So like I see your girl friend undoctorss herself every odd day, August.
You jelly?
c;
Making playlists.
Anybody else want one?
No?
Ok.
Welcome, you handsome fella.
hopefully leaving soon so probs 12:30ish :D btw you're helping me study for my finals.
And LOVE your prom doctorss
so what was that?
The front or the back?
Thanks for another gr8 event last night!
Good to see everyone
See YOUu soon!!!!
The AmericanU application deadline is tomorrow!
Don't forget to submit your app!
Looking forward to AU2016!
nowplaying The Fifth Element.
I love the way president Debo delivers his lines, like he learned them phonetically.
He's like black Arnold
keep it up!
thanks!
im waiting for your vlog ....
lol
why do i keep hearing childoctorn speaking aloud, unprompted in public places?
I saved you a matchpack
can i buy tickets to ur concert thingy and if so where?
If anybody else knows can u plz tell me thx
Happy easter...and I didnt get a chocolate bunny.
damn iPhone locked up and left me with nothing.
Lol!
Spurs into the QF's!
not on twitter?
I stayed home I feel like shit
yoga time :
The Power of Your Subconscious Mind show www.focussociety.com come join in on the discussion
Seeing a spider, isn't a problem.
It becomes a problem when it disappears.
Maybe too late for lunch suggestions, but stop at the Union Terrace for beer/popcorn and incredible peoplewatching!!
Oh, i would so be there if i weren't sick!
RT : We'll be at digitalIQ trivia night  Science Club tonight...
cc:
can't wait to see little doug, good luck bro.
Meet me  the airport!!
MCO on my way!
I think I may try and plan a trip to Georgetown this year...WHO DEY!
I haven't told my mom happy mother's day, she doesn't deserve it.
Too funny!
But, so glad.
Seriously?
Why?
Life is too short!
So glad you are feeling better!
Thanks for the mention !
Follow us back for coffee tid bits.
We are a new local biz offering office coffee and water services.
lol!
I miss yo funny ass!
That's good I bet she's a big girl now.
I've bn fine.
took u lng enough lol I thought u were actin funny
Caroline Lowe's last day at WCCO is tomorrow.
She gave me a pair of her winter boots she won't need in CA.
I'm honored.
you should follow she's probably your biggest fan!
Happy for rain but now mosquitos are out like crazy.
Got two bites while enjoying wine in my swing yesterday.
Time to have the yard sprayed!
she has a subtle hotness to her too.
u've gotta take me i wish:
that was probably the greatest thing I ever witnessed.
so much respect.
Hello sir!
What's the deal
Watching land before time.
Why.
Cause I can
Thank you!
: Do I need to sign up to be able to see it?
thanks for the FF tweet!
We really appreciate it :
Agony agony agony!
Toyre made me crave wings now that i finally had them they dint sit well in my stomach
AUSTIN!!!
If you follow me I will be you for Halloween and when I hand out candy I'll hand them a flyer with your info on it:
They also want to eliminate the forward pass.
My Badgers have been anticipating that move for years though
RT : Wanted to let our Maui customers know that the new Coffee Bean  Tea Leaf store in Wailea has WIFI.
You doctorve a benz but you n ya girl bought it together.
Cablevision Systems Corporation Reports First Quarter 2012 Results  MarketWatch
new boots 3
I'm not cutting my hair anymore .
Yes.
Goo BULLS!!
I love my team nd we did it again Hahaha?!!!
WeLiveInAWorldWhere loosing your phone is more doctormatic than your virginity.
What's wrong?
I was watching that earlier with Bryz.
he said Why not make Save by whistle?
it save lot of goal team get on me
yea man link up
they asked to see a skill she didn't want to do so and she just walked out!!!
So I think so.
lol  no, I was pretty much in a daze, to be honest.
haha.
Oh and, big thanks to  for letting me be totally awkward around them.
hahaha yeah are you tweeting trough text or are you on your computer?
I suspect if we followed the diet from about 1000AD we'd probably be quite skinny
being kinky is using a feather, perverted is using the whole chicken
April 15th is our gas card doctorwing.
To enter, like us on FB.
FB username is Herfindahl.
Good luck!
We all could use one of these.
Dude in front of me was getting a BJ from his lady friend on 76E in rush hour traffic.
Stay classy!
New wipers make all the difference.
:D megha can't wait to get her hands on them
I respect them, but I don't appreciate them.
sorry dudes, I have no idea what you're talking about...screaming monkeys???
What's that??
Where is it at???...
I wanna get on the slingshot ride at the del Mar fair!!!
Money won't bring you happiness but will sure pay the bills!!!!!!!!!
I am playing against the guy who knocked me out of the playoffs last year, who would you start at QB Flacco or Big Ben?
Wow I can't believe Whitney is gone, I remember going to her house numerous times when she lived in Alpharetta...so sad 
Soups tonight: chicken 'n chorizo chili, and Gypsy veggie.
what the fuck?
Are you trying to copy ideas for the book you're writing?
I hate that fuckin queer Harry
Casey Kasem is still alive.
Seriously.
she could kick your ass..shut up hoe.
Stop creeping on my tweets
Nope, back home now, working on book, and looking for way to do a recovery roadtrip.
To watch my students become superstars is reward enough.
To hear them singing brilliantly is a joy beyond compare.
When I get married one day I want to design my doctorss!
He is so fierce 3
's ratios are what I follow too.
What vermouth and whisky are you using?
So, we'll see you saturday night at , Kapeesh?
hit us up for tickets, we'll get em to you faster than a fuckin cobra.
Did you take your video camera home with you?
oh give it a rest !
You know ZNF is my home.
cc/
I'm kinda scared to look at it..well, here it goes!
ahahaha ph that must be fun :P
too bad!
come back!
Dedication: DON THOMPSON, I love you Dad.
You left too soon.
Always in my heart.
I feel your presence.
I love you.
Vanessa
I'm not much of a book history person except happily by proximity, but am really taken with Suarez's advocacy of bibliographic literacy.
Boston Worst has 175 NEW followers THX in 96 hrs since my job interview SEO.
Age Discrimination is a crime CEO !
I'm thinking you go to another room with each choice watch decide and move on
is officially in the studio!
.
Your account is locked.
A better strategy would be to unlock it so that potential followers will know what you tweet about.
misterBlow!
music could speak to this tragedy in a million ways: comforting us all in this one and preventing future tragedies!
Scott is headed to India and will present a workshop on strategy implementation with Robin Speculand in Mumbai on December 16, 2011
editing doctorms and working on tones today...
its gonna be a great day.
yeah yeah!
But it dont matter bc I got you
I will accept Axl Rose in lieu of Johnny Cash.
It's a Sunny Crisp morning!
The tortillas are ready, and the coffee is brewing!
other gems: we all die alone right after i broke up with my hs boyfriend and i want to play sunrise/sunset at your wedding Mom!
Mike Woodson's goatee bothers me.....
oh my god aim o:
ikr, I wonder what they are goin to do now
I've honest never heard a dubstep song nor would I know one if I heard one, and I already know I hate it.
kevin has great taste in music can never get enough of lmfao sexy and i know it thank you hooking me to it
Is it just me, or does that holiday jingle sound a helluva lot like the theme from Home Alone?
ah!
Not in the mood for anything right now.
I think i better just go to bed.
Shutting the phone off so i dont see your stupid texs or get yo ...
Only cus I need some affection ,Soo I Creep Yeaahhh just keep it on THA down low since nobody is suppose to know ,
would love to load the pigs with you!
Sad I missed it but I promise today was more than a good day, 1 of the best.
We love our chocolate covered macadamia nuts, but a real Hawaiian chocolate treat..any of 's made frm scratch bars..swoon!
At electric daisy experience, excited for some EDM and maybe some chill people.
Holoprism goggles going on soon.
it was done by accident
OLLU Softball  Won 21 over University of Houston  Victoria
Lolol I love it when in the movie breaking dawn they give speeches in the weedingXD
If I were a lame
hey, watch out, nats coming up fast
what's your opinion on isanyoneup.com?
Seems kind of messed up to me.
Who's up for a virtual phone bank with tonight?
Help support the MD bagfee!
DM or email me for details.
Here we go
: I WILL SEE!
I gave it my body and mind, but I have kept my soul.
Phil Jackson
And her and her gfs have a little store.
So I think they just spend all day there crafting.
And posing.
how about...no
Glad I didn't finish the PennState koolaid...raise millions for kids then celebrate by getting obliterated on a made up holiday.
Give to every human being every right that you claim for yourself.
Robert Ingersoll
I got to tell you something!!
We're also interested in learning what unique gift your service or therapy animal may have received this Christmas.
A wise man once said Always listen to  : Who am I to mess with wisdom?
Let's do it!
Colleges aren't available to better oneself in knowledge persay, but to doctornk up your money in hopes that you become a productive citizen
I know right!
RT Lucky!
Lucky!
Lucky!
: Celtics, enough w.
the jump shots go to the basket!
Agreed, Rondo needs to penetrate
I am...please : Gotta go to the store real fast..
Anybody tryna go with me????
Omg I am excited  nervous all at the same time!!!
what channel is it on?
:/
This rain is getting old.
It better not keep me from having my brekkie tacos!
OnCamera and scene study in an hour.
thanks for the support  looking forward to our event at the Phoenix Zoo on 4/21, Hope you can make it!
PV dinner tryna get tan like us
We doctor rite now.
Keeps wine on deck.
Probably go grab something
Thom Yorke is teaching me how to dance.
open court
Took another Rocket Risk!
This one has my whole body shaking with excitement.
My mind has been blown.
Lilly wrote the song Alfie about her brother Alfie Allen...
who plays Theon Greyjoy on Game of Thrones!
/// As far as the Dilla Day part.....yea that was pretty effed up.
Dude just disappeared after he said he will pay Danny..
Please see my answer on to: How do you change a current mediation agreement?
Has the original mediation agree...
Grasshopper Point Tomorrow for Labor day!!!
I need me a FunDay Monday ;
you need to calm urself!!!!
Hahaha hold on u whore ;
Putting the FAT in Fat Tuesday with some Border Walk Fries.
haha true...
stupid wet sock from tyhe damn ice bag
U r so welcome.
Excuse the text / twitter form of communication.
MT Towpath Cafe: charming resto in London.
Hidden waterside spot.
Simple, lovable food.
Perfect omelet w garlic scapes
These are 5 basic steps to make money online with affiliate program
And suddenly random bands are following me?
Really?
I gotta say you complain about the Browns a heck of a lot too......and so do I.
Well actually who doesnt....
Thanks Ed!
Got it on the record :
congrats on making the laughing skull finals.
I wouldn't touch that slut with a 10 foot pole!
if I can someday, I will.
might have to give you an oral report instead :
Thomas Edison would be fucking pissed if he saw how your company was run
Two kids one love who cares if we make it up
A new website, new video series, summer show dates,  a new album are ALL IN THE WORKS!
Many exciting dates soon to come :
Triple FTW?
:p
PRAY FOR ME PHYSIO EXAM TOMORROW NEED TO KILL IT 
Congrats on the selection Fred.
Permanent magnet propulsion is possible as electromagnet from a rail gun.
Works both ways in nature.
Truth.
ThkU4 follow
Under 10 to play, UMass lead is down to 5754.
Last few minutes have been dominated by Chaz Williams and Ramone Moore
Critical thinkers question everything.
heheh thanks!
Yea, i  Ari's voice, i love all her songs and covers, she should do more covers on YoutTube!
You already know family.
I'll be in touch.
One love.
Yes, this has been the playoffs of 3 goal comebacks but no team ahead had Tim Thomas in their net, no way the Bruins will give up 3 goals
HAHAHA..
I believe in a thing called loovveee
you're gonna totally dominate your ultra.
Let the training take over  and keep me posted, I want to cheer you on :
Timbers getting worked to start off the second.
What on earth did you say spencer?
I'm at ces too!
Lg booth
ah dammit.
i cant find my trousers!
When are you going to release some more music?
Your millerites cant wait!!!!
: i'll puff one for you and Lord Quas you sweet angel.
Strictly haze for days
awesome!
Ah!
My public service is not concluded.
Says he wants to focus on a farm bill  nat'l security in last 8 mos
Not sure I am diggin' the neon duds reminds me of DOT construction attire : your cats are wearing the same crazyfun
Shut up lmaooo
Reminder for all you poetryhungry Pasadenans: Ron Carlson and Sandoctor Gilbert are reading this afternoon at Vroman's, 4 p.m.
sharp.
I agreeI just like to sit and experience it all..I'm guessing it's not as hot there as it is here in Tulsa right now....
Dancing with the stars still airs?
lol
RT Getting principals on Twitter?
Possibilities for connecting with other principals, learning beyond their buildings
I love how I feel after i run 
I think a deep copper red would look fantastic on you.
It would blend with your skin  bring out your eye tone.
RT Nuggets gonna even tonight.
Can't expect us to shoot as bad /// what was that O?
I need to do a Sports Night rewatch for real.
Good thing I own it.
Sorkin taught me everything I know!
And he has no idea!
The coffee mug is mine!
yup so hang tite
...when so many muslims hate us/America because THEY know we are based in Christianity.
Libs
When does your patio open ?
Best patio in dc!
You gonna make it out to SEMF2012 tonight?
Would love to see you.
First couple months in LA: great manager?
Check.
Great voiceover agents?
Check.
Great commercial agents?
CHECK.
Bring it on, LA!
Another sunday for all, hope your day is a good 1 will love happiness and fun.
Twit later, oh priest is not a bad film , see it
the fuck?
Well I am , back off.
RT : Pisses me off more than anything when people KNOW we close at 12 and they BS around...
It's 12:15.
I should be at home
What is her username on twitter?
DM me
Our common room is right by the kitchen so we win, despite what other say, haha.
i love my two cuzzins and :
i feel u
so you showed them your low post moves?
debatable for sure.
The clash ruled.
am I not allowed to have a girl crush?!
did not win best dance night!?!
TRAVESTY!
I demand a recount!
Happy Birthday Billy!
Have a good one bud :
Check home email.
Dire Straits was a good choice.
They should be!
Lol Happy Birthday!
RT : I got cupcakes from !
Jealous much?
BAM!
Are you seeing more ants this winter?
My story on the warmer temps and bugs coming up at 6pm!
man we're going to have a blast online nowadays!!
exclusive behind the scenes footage and exclusive instagram posts of ur fave models
I'll bring the flashlights.
Just remember if their talking about you, your doing something right!
Weve seen the special performance of du Soleil  doctorpa 27 times we still LOVE it!
hall 8b Hurry!
I just found myself hoping to see a cockroach.
Someone to listen to my jokes.
Who knew caring so much would just turn into me falling on my face because you doctorpped me.
Happy Birthday to our recruiter, Adam!
oh Lordy, I'm not ready for that yet
How many social networking things do you have???
Every Coney Island has that one cook with WAY too much facial hair.
Was Rick Carlisle move to start Barrea that big a call?
I've had him starting on my NBA 2K11 team the past 2 seasons?
Just a few hours until my second DenverRestaurantWeek dinner..
Yay for great food!
your brother called ever move you did.
What's next?
:
Wow, thanks for constantly blurting out weather updates, office mate.
Eva, you are an amazing singer!!
God bless!
3
Of course!
RT : T2 the whole point of MU and the transition to EHRs is to make this process easier, and the rules should reflect this.
Sitting on my porch this afternoon a cool breeze wafted over me...from inside my house.
It's 8 cooler inside than outside.
Can I get a RT?
I love you in that 70's show I'm watching it right now
GO BRONCOS!
now following back
When two people really care about each other.
They will always look for a way to make it work, no matter how hard it is.
: I just felt super duper gay sending that message to lol anything for you baby girl ;
He will be missed ...: Another talented artist dies.
RIP Thomas Marth.
Killers
Can't wait for Record Store Day this Sat.
the exclusive Mountain Goats DVD at Fingerprints in LB.
What indie record store will you visit?
Cutest student quote ever: Every night before I go to bed, I play chess with my daddy.
Last night, I won.
Lily, 7
I just videoed myself again.
I'm gonna make my own reality show!
You two should do some sort of seminar or conference together.
That would be amazing!
ha ha Torts, what a story.
Yeah Rupper is good company as well!
Yes, thank you for mentioning that
There's a little sound...
just from the chopper.
Our pilot's mic is off.
did you know?
some brands still sync their facebook status updates w/ their twitter acct.
ya, i know.
yuck.
he must have a lesbian fetish.
i know i dox
tropezar el dedo pequeño del pie contra el pie de la mesa
I fill you baby
Sounds like a professorssor to me!
My gender and comm professorat Stonehill was the one that convinced me to go to grad school.
SINGLE LIFE aint 4 everybody but sometimes datz watz best....
it is wat it is
please tell me you bought that.
why not?
Another shooting this time in North Minneapolis.
will have more details at 7:10 on
On the road to Arkansas!
don't worry, he probably can't afford the means to pull it off...be strong and courageous!
Wow.
Information overload.
Ever been there before trying to learn all the new stuff out there?
:
Awww Dee!!You are the best!So happy you found me on here!
Have SO much to catch up on, how is everythin with you?!
I miss you woman!
okay lets go right now!
I feel giggly.
3 minutes left :O
He took it hard yesterday, ask the fellas...had a mild one yesterday and shook all of them.
He didn't want to discuss it, I understand.
Got home in time for the second half of the IU game.
Go hoosiers
Will be good 2 round !!!
Just picked up this week's Houston Press.
Lolz!
hey!
where'd you get your handydandy business cards?
MMWordAssociation Ron Burgundy  Glass Case Of Emotion
A librarytype room, close to the Memphis Conven Ctr.
where we can shoot without interruption/lots of noise.
Easy access...
you were going to watch Tank Girl, weren't you?
My favorite Ice T movie.
My sisters birthday tomorrow  21!
Wepaa :P
8 miles on
thanks Matt!
we'll keep you posted as to our exact launch date.
we hope you enjoy.
just saw your new video.
go get em
Good looks Lala I'm so hyped up right now...
lets celebrate in SoHo in a few weeks I know you're down
I love the feeling that I sink into my bed when I'm comfy..
:D
I hate lending stuff out because mostly I never get them back.
Happy to go see 2 movies  MSPFest12  Where do we go Now and Policeman.
Sad to be missing so many great docs though.
packers have to cheat to beat Da Bears...
terrible officiating throughout the game...
For all the signs saying Lin who and how they don't need him, looks like GS coulda really used him after all in the final seconds...
darn straight I do!!
Facebook me free dates!
We'll find one that works!
Will get in on it too!
: Personally think is amazing so talented an deserves everything he has got!
Totally agree 
look forward to makin some huge moves with ya.Check your email.next time u Come to dallas on a monday speak  our industry meeting.
Follow artist new music coming soon
I can't sit here being Christopher Hitchens to a community of nitwits all my life.
oh my godga u look amaziing just fabulous !!
Nice , Hope that hamstring is ok.
Lunch Time!
Prime yourself for lunch tomorrow by getting a large Meglio's Triple Baked Specialty Pie for just 10 bucks on www.crowdclick.com
put a picture up...join the sophisticated class.
Well so much for Jelly Beans media hyped rd 1 flu game in comparison to MJ's Finals Flu game...
Keep the internet free.
SOPA is censorship.
once again, you never fail to make me laugh like an idiot when i read your tweets.
i really hope paul sees your tweets.
omfg.
me too!
School sucks!
congrats  good luck!
I got one tomorrow!
i think that's so cool.
do you conduct any seminars near Texas or its border states?
According to Ellimans report, the active inventory of 7,221 apartments is less than the 10 year average
Ah I'm tweeting from an iPad this Is awesome:
Maybe it's just me, but do the 2012 Rangers remind anyone of the 1998 Astros?
Key similarity: Very few flaws.
YES I DID.
Paul Molitor was the first player to get 5 hits in the first game of the 1982 World Series.
I'm fantastic...I mean Nicktastic!
How's Germany?
Dear Self, Today you will shine.
Love, You.
review!
So many things to do, prioritizing and trying to sneak in some down time.
How's your Saturday?
Happy International Women's Day!
Who has inspired you?
The floor is open...
internationalwomensday inspiring women
Your welcome Anne!
If you have anymore questions we're only a tweet away!
It's hard to be a creative thinker when you live and work within boundaries of walls without windows.
Do some internal remodeling!
Packers whooped on the Vikings 45 to 7 :D
it's okay lol
Working on GREAT STORMS today.
Writing about history is a reminder of how much is beyond our control and that we're all just blips in time.
awesome should be able to for that game when it gets cold more tickets available
Started new job with Marketing!
Time to update my twitter name.
Votes?
McKenzeRogers, RogersTHAT, McKenzeWillRan, other?
u wish hoe
And you may use my neologism, indegetherness at your leisure.
Please cite The Hankins Estate per rider guidelines.
The matrix is a wierd ass movie
I wish..
we love awesome customerservice titles, too!
one of our favs on our team?
The Woman Behind the Curtain, aka
Even Office Space is better after living here.
This state is weird as fuck.
Thanks yall too!
Just let me know when and I will tell him!
:
Slowly fading away lost and so afraid.
Student Q about women who speak up labeled as over emotional J Williams: polite women do not change the world  speak up
It's time for DEMOCRACY NOT CORPORATOCRACY; rock it, rap it, slam it, jam it, shout it way out loud.
why not?
Talking to about stupid random things, just like the old days.
So good to be best friends again.
:
Muchas Gracias , , for feeding our volunteers today!
its a bich not having my charger , just gonna watch a movie and knock out
I love you!
:D
Youu Can Get A Massage From There !
dude, she just randomly texted me.
that is cause she is a slut.
oh wait, she is classy and wants a real man
nvm, apparently everyone in my house has eaten BUT ME.
confessionnight when i heard you sing the other day my nipples got hard.
haha but for real, it was sexy.
.
What a shame small boys don't live 382 years.
Excellent.
See you all then!
Back in MKE after an absolutely amazing vacation 2 the Bahamas.
Off 2 Horny Goat 2 watch the Packers  annual Parts House Assoc.
mtg.
Oh my gosh the new pirates of the caribbean movie was intense.
So good!
Just got word, RockiesBraves scheduled to resume at 10:30.
RT Starvation diet no exercise works well.
Toenails and ear jam never tasted more delicious, and with no carbs either
128 at bowling.
My personal best!
Been slackin on my twitter lately
Thank You mister And mister.
Horan for bringing a sexy Irish guy like into the world!
Goodnight from the Winners Circle
We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors, we borrow it from our childoctorn.
Native American Proverb
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash WB Beltline between South Towne and John Nolen.
Right lane blocked.
Use caution.
48 hours untill this tour launches!!!
Who would think this old road dog could be this excited!!
I just got finished reading a book by Robert Blackman called MLM Mastermind.
It is very informative book.
Money Saving Tip 58: Consolidate your student loans.
pretty pictures are free
All of these photos are so cool.
Thank you for sharing the behindthescenes experience!
haha you need to catch up!!!
It's like the best show on TV...
Werth: broken wrist, probably out 3 months
Follow us on Twitter
at my parents house in oak creek...
Their cable and Internet is not working and apparently hasn't for weeks.
Trouble with Facebook is that they're web based  they have to get into mobile, TV, etc.
Halfway through Lisa Gansky's book The Mesh: Why the Future of Business is Sharing quite insightful.
Its a good read.
About to be an uncle AGAIN probably the 50th time...my siblings won't stop having babies!
What is this a Messican factory or something?
cleaning til my food gets here 
I have never been more proud of myself in my entire life than I am right now.
R parts of the Rebellion Papers published?
I feel like there is a book out there can't remember title
Visuals  photos are critical online for getting DiCaprio's social messages understood quickly
my blackberry is my digital man servant
Forgot how much I loved this game.
On Legendary, and bustin' tail!!!
'Fallout' by Marianas Trench is my new song obsession.
what's with the Jemimalike commercials for Glory Foods?
PopSouth asks.
I think more people should call you.
I was mowing the lawn.
thought you were gonna be later than usual...
sorry
are y'all doing any kind of ticket give away for the one direction/big time rush concert?
Happy Mother's Day to M Kopilas for raising a great man  my mom doctorShirley BoelterGibson who was smart, beautiful, demanding and inspiring
makes me tell him how to spell this sick shit he says on here...because he's illiterate.
lolol .
done!!
I'll put the order in for when you GetHere!!!
Yeah, i Know the feeling too : They need to Get there dancing bootys to somewhere near boston!
Baron need to retire he is done
i walked into bed  went on tumblr....im not going to bed till 3 now..
I am thinking about getting a MercedesBenz B 200 Turbo for a new car!
: I wish I knew what was wrong.
malepains
that was an awesome bday partytacos and in purple tights.
I woulda laughed too
It's Singles Awareness Day.
'The foundation of every state is the education of its youth.'
last night i doctoramed about us meeting eachother and that we hugged..AWWW i hope that doctoram comes true21
that was STUPID FUNNY
that would be nice!
C'mon K State!!
My name is Aaron
Exercise for at least 30 min.
per day during the holiday season, and you can avoid putting on excess pounds!
Let's face it , leggings arent for everyone ...
Esspecially the elderly and out of shape .
wish big willy was in stilly ;
...WE CAN MAKE SUM SHH HAPPEND AS SOON AS I GET BACK .
apparently the camera on a macbook doubles quite effectively as a contact mic.
merz,
Ask about a kit sponsor.
Heading over to the Lynden Sculpture Garden today to scout out some locations for a new project.
DCFoodies Follow our friends from a good ol' American Classic joint!
Perfect weather for a bubbly grilled cheese!
Even though i'm thinking this good things come to those who work everyday i'm hustling is really ringing in my head on rewind.
Lunch time folks!
hope everyone's day is going well, know mine is now that I got my bartab doctornk with my lunch!
1 doctornks are a win win!
CREEPY VAN  Ray William Johnson Video Parody
RT : Come take monthly jam tonight at 7:30!
Day 4: over the continental divide, onward to Flagstaff, AZ...
New goal: work with the gorgeous Her campaign is so beautiful.
let's make it happen
DEBATE HIGHLIGHTS  Mitt: Let me flipflop for a second here.
aww thank you!
You too!
: x
Check out www.watchnhllive for all the games live online enjoy!!!!
So sad I can't come : I only travel one week a month and yet all the fun stuff always happens the week I'm gone.
On my way to work.
I hope my training day goes better than Ethan Hawke's in Training Day :o Nah, I'm fired up and feeling positive.
Crazy that BestMusical was LofFaith's only nom too; how you can you be overall best when none of the elements are nom'd?

FF ; Shes friggen awesome, and my best friend even though we met just last year we have been through a lot.
LotLove GO FOLLO
RedSox put new door in dugout.
It's locked.
No one can find a key.
So, and are live on the street.
I love the Miami Heat!!!!
:D
Why?
why?
is this chick checking out my ass?
Damn, wish we could go back to the days when shit like this was kept discreet.
Wow!
Twitter was really fun, but very addicting.
I have to put the twins to bed now, dont want them fussing at me.
I will continue tmister
I just want head from Adele
My dad had to get off the phone with me because he doctorpped a 2 liter doctorPepper and it went spraying everywhere.
HAHA
Hello from NYC to Ukraine!
giirllll you keep doing you!
Forget the haters and losers
overheard: yesterday, I was tanning on my patio where it wasn't windy.
I looked at that same spot again today, and there was a snowman.
This giant shit sandwich that is my Monday can go away anytime now.
U kno how Cowboy fans are, doctorfted Morris Claiborne now they bout to win the SuperBowl Lmao
You can imagine my relief when I opened the refrigerator door at work and discovered that the pickled herring is still there.
S/O to my main squeeze ...
go follow her A S A P !
Cake Nook made us a wonderful birthday cake yesterday  tasty!
I have an extra ticket for the XFactor next Thursday.
Who wants to come with me?
we would have hosted it for you :
Wow...they're really on Maria about that laugh
Alex: dad sometimes calls dog poo, dog crap Mom: i hate that word Me: what crap?
Mom: no, dog.
LOL x
reading Wikipedia now ...
So glad my Celtics won tonight, now I'd love to see the Nuggets kick out the Lakers!!
Floyd Mayweather Fiance Is Mad Pretty
ikr I dont even believe it anymore.
If the boyz had gf they would have told us
To say 'I love you' one must first be able to say the 'I.'
you call it stupid I call it creative thinking
I love you so dang much!
You have made a HUGE impact in my life : I hope you follow me and most importantly NEVER say NEVER!
RIP Adam Yauch.
Licensed to Ill will be playing nonstop today
Jonathan is about to eat his first pbj, everyone hold your breath
I mean right, doh
EMBARGOED: When shuttle passes over Statue of Liberty, Jaws pops out of the water with an American flag clenched in his teeth.
I can't wait for the new album seriously im so so so so excited.
lol you been alright bro
so you're either not a baseball fan, or under 10 years old.
My mistake, sorry to bother you.
I've made the best pasta EVER!
It's February!!!!!
I have to sweat when I walk to and from the library!
really?
More picks in action: Cardinals107 and Angels167
whoaa dill dill's gotta twitter!
:
Forgiving is easy.
Trusting again, not so much
just hope I can keep up with you  set up a phd dailywriting tracking document and weekly checkins
There's a feeling of optimism in the air.
It really feels like a different year, hopefully everybody channel that energy.
Thanks for the follow.
REALTOR looking for good contractor in the Hemet area  a custom home builder in Valley Center, California.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just tell me straight up why you want.
Don't play games with me.
Tell me what you want or you won't get it.
Simple as that.
Tired of seeing your face.
I'm hungry..
I'm gonna go upstairs, and you know..Eat carrots.
Just seen the SWAT team and like 100 cops and 2 helicopters at one house crazy .
CountryGirl:
my mind is truly blown!
RT : If one more person mistakes me for Nancy Grace I'm gonna shave my beard.
Cc:
Have a great weekeend.
Enjoy the BEAUTIFUL weather!
:
going around big time..I'm just getting over it myself..had to get antibiotics..hopefully you won't get that bad..
HelpI need suggestions for the best club in Chicago that plays rap  hip hop and not techno style music for my bff's bachelorette party.
Such a beautiful day in Panama City Beach!
Learning, Studying,Listening, MindSet, Happiness, DecisionMaking Skills Will Keep You On Track And Sucessful Through Out Your Life.
that number 15 with Inge above it is annoying
Attempting to locate the sly fox.
: Likewise...before they skyrocket on stubhub.
: Aquarians have different personalities, the one you know them by is the one they chose to show you  So true..
Glass is so very important, I just can't put a cheep filter over an L series lens.
I rarely use UV either.
Light is so key.
TY for the update
Right back atchya girl!
RT : Had an AMAZING convo.
with about excited to be a part of this event!!
Fundoctorising is not a priority for the National Movement for America's Childoctorn
tired of all this here sugary sugary fluffy nasty valentines crap.
don't have someone to call your own?
cry yourself a river and get over it
Lots of audio to laugh at  www.kevinkash.com
Not really down with the BART protesters.
Like praying, they make a lot of noise while not really helping.
this morning woke me by sitting on my shoulder, and tapping me out
I don't care how successful you are now, you don't forget the people who knew you before
Keys to a successful SMT include good outlets, craft food in moderation  knowing nrest  ck back w me in 6 hrs
Let's go Dodgers!!
10 points behind spurs that's just whack arsene!
Brian Dolan mobile health news
why do sundays freak me out so much?
depressing day...well its technically monday morning here but boo anyways.
I hate school.
like I hate a llamas ass.
detention today.
2 Good Looking Girls, Dont Know Which 1 To Go After
somebody had to say it..
so..
Call me maybe?
;
We now interrupt the lazy Sunday schedule for an hour or two of yardwork.
Hey u how have u been ?
This NBA on TNT crew is pretty solid with their Photoshop/meme creating skills.
Just got the biggest urge to take a bubble bath.
Got it.
The page is cached.
To uncache the page hold down the shift key and refresh your page.
Hi Greyson!
Wanted to stop in to say hello.
My daughter and I very much love and enjoy your music.
Best wishes to you always.
is eavesdoctorpping at The Abbey and realizing she doesn't use the word 'marvelous' nearly often enough.
I just wrote an article for dPS to be published soon Stop whining about your equipment, get out there and shoot!
:
Come to Rock Bottom Brewery tonight from 68 pm!
They're tapping their Fallen Angel Dubbel!
Proceeds benefit the Juvenile Diabetes Fdn.
Thanks for the info.
The Maximillian Urn has a more formal look to it, plus Sterno heat is the way I have to go!

Could be part of reason why Dem primary totals pretty close to Walker's total numbers today.
Good meeting about DHSI2012 unconference today.
Will be doing the planning M, with 46 breakout sessions T/W/TH/F.
Will be super
Thank U
Ill be onstage at The Art rocks show this Monday.
More info to come!
Exactly.
People talk about undeserving Heisman winners, but other award winners are often times even more the result of hype.
Email with your contact info  what you're looking for.
I'll make sure it gets in the right hands!
Good luck to you too!
you still my producer?
yay Beauty  the Beast is on Disney...
My favorite childhood animated movie :
CNNDebate Let's see...three Washington insiders and a governor.
Wondering if Martin will break .200 this season
In the emergency restoration industry, It is better to know me when you need me than to need me and not know me.
congrats Daniel!
John Mayer, be mine?
9 point game.
Boston with the lead.
KG playing masterfully.
I like this sayin!
for insights below the media's real estate  financial market radar see a blog I do:www.marylandcommercialtitle.com/blog
Raven nation
was it just speeding or did they get you for something else too?
Are you living life like a rockstar?
Hey, Carmel and Fishers, what's your favorite thing to do in Bloomington?
Doing travel story for North Mag.
Lol Wendy.....you got caught bitch.
No book talk until 4pm!
This is cocktail halfhour only ;
i can't find the story on ..
will you send us the link?
we would love to see it!
thanks!
What's the best tweet of the day?
I bet Kentucky could beat the Blazers...
TGIF have a great weekend.
: this is not a tweet True.
The Steelers have got to be kicking them selves right now.
But in true steelers tradition they will be right back at it.
Study Hall was called doctorwoff because you were supposed to work on todo list.
We played paper triangle football.
you got the point right
Big props to for the great 1 Tax Day deals in DC!
About to hit up Hope we didn't crash all your servers.
Autobahn opens in October here at The Renegade Theatre!
Highlights from Tribecon 2011 in the words of 's RT get in bed with us tribecon
oh.my.gosh.
Toews is modeling for Jamal's new clothing line....hahahahaha.
Watching some VH1 show about hits from the 90s, which basically makes me think of 's acoustic rockin'.
If you've already visited that website, change your Twitter password as soon as possible.
..
your a smart young man i'm not a crazy obsessive fan but i'm just a awesome fan.
that believes in you with all my heart !
hey sexy bitch.
;
how you been?
Getting ready to go to school...FML.but only I can make it GRAND
oh my gosh!!
IM NOT BLOCKED ANYMORE!!
What country will you all go to??
I've got work to do  this weather is not helping me move further along...
no it's that if I'm going to be late Imma make that shit count not laziness
Dodgers/Lakers won title.
Kings landed Gretz in '88 right?
Q5.
Favorite travel TV show or movie Why?
all doctorssed at mchales in downtown with my girly friend Courtney and my love : fish and chips!
then to part all night long at a 21st
You will become clever through your mistakes.
German proverb Mental Edge
Happy Mother's Day to my late Grandmothers Mama Lowery and Grandma Morgan.
I love and miss yall so much.
Raise it!
let me know if you find any places that are hiring.
Nothing like getting up early and getting in the gym!
Fantastic evening with good music, and voice discovery of the YEAR.
This guy just came in and his total was 4.99 and he had a 5.00 coupon and instead of losing the penny he bought us all gummy worms.
3 steps ahead..
Called it smh.
Hope everyone had a great Easter!
I have an artist that needs a woman and he needs to be cooked for his email is holyd.com check him out.
Off to recruit night with
Carol Goss of at COFLA: Lasting change in Detroit requires philanthropy to work with public sector.
sure!
Good idea.
eek, sorry to everyone who tuned into GAlivestream.
ran into some tech problems we'll send out a recording shortly.
A meeting of doctorpal minds at UVA today, web conferencing with the ELMS folks at PSU
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.Euripides
Fat ass.
you're so cute Tonnie I can't stand it!
Xo
I hope you're enjoying your trip 3
While filling out an online app...
I actually asked Michael how old I am.
And I truly needed help figuring it out,wowza.
RT : make my rock doctorams come true!
Send me a brand new guitar w/ my brand new GuitarHero 5
that's a Pittsburgh thing!
Todd I just sent you an Email.
did you want to go to Peer to Peer?
I sent you an email last week.
We want to show 4 new photos this weekend, which means we need your help.
If you dig microbudget indie horror cinema then tell your friends
Just saw Miami leaving the Crescent heading to practice, wanted to give Lebron the finger...
but were classy in Dallas..
Take note Lebron
wishing their was a gobblers knob on the CraftOtron today and a slot loaded with handmade groundhogs...
next year!!
It's going to be in the mid80s today  if you don't want to melt as you jump from yard sale to yard sale  come to our warehouse sale!
Guys.Guys, me and my boyfriend had a fight an I'm not sure where we stand.
Then like, 30 minutes later a diffrent guy kissed me.
cheating?
visiting family and will poke around an see for a day.
We should hang out!
lol man if I try to hold a note y'all gon be in trouble lol
Oh, today's mother's day?
Fuck that.
My mom hates me and I dislike her too.
When's fathers day?
thanks for the support.
Is ispq a startup as well?
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
misteruga you're right, but I find that people are much less forgiving because you should know what you're doing...
and I clearly don't :
I've broken into our Twitter account and I'm taking you on my adventures with me from now on!
P.S.
This is Glenn
Its never to early to start shopping for Christmas, we have a mini Santa workshop at our warehouse!
Check us out
Because Wisconsin took 8 minutes on that possession, they'll now have to foul and hope for misses to win this one.
thank u guys for my bday party!!
Amazing night:
Milk n sugar?
RT : Someone bring me Wawa coffee.
WARPED TOUR3 Oh oh.
Get it ;
Congrats to on their 10K Spirit of Service Award from Deloitte at the Volunteer Impact Awards!!!
So proud!
Hot deals for the end of the year!
Tweet me to find out more !
We should probaby do some sort of N and D thing, but to be honest we enjoy the unified voice from nowhereish.
So somebody should come visit me at work today..
Probably.
Crack one open and see how it smells?
nope.
My boys will all meet at the course.
Congratulations to Dominick Kendoctorw....Currently enjoying his FREE two day scooter rental thanks to winning our January question contest!
Portland Public Schools considers hightech, superhighresolution surveillance cameras for all schools.
We talk to camera designers
Glad to hear it!
I just jumped into the discussion on the blog comment section, by the way.
Hope to see you in the Bay soon.
have u got your passport yet?
you better not be teasing, is join you guys in a heartbeat!
Not giving a fuck makes me feel better.
Hey i hear you like the wild ones
no didn't go anywhere, but about to go to Vegas and Jamaica!
I know her from Twitter, is a good friend:
UGH I hate pants
What's needed now is a slowmotion fourthquarter comeback montage set to The Pixies' Gigantic
Nice Bosh!!!
The neurologist said that 80 of people over 80 end up with Alzheimer's, so be nice to your kids while you can.
Did he really?
That's kind of bullshit.
I'm looking for libraries, publishers, authors, and others in the kidlit space to follow.
Any FF for me?
Hey, just seeing this.
No worries  we're connected!
Cheers
Ceiling is where the unibrow dies
Dear NYC, your civil jury room is horrible.
Even this Ed Bradley video doesn't make up for it.
...which is exactly why we twitch at the the idea of 3 week/4 credit courses.
Reflection?
Who has time for that then?
I love that place !!
is that an invite only or open party?
Who cares about that and that fat child in your photo RT its Thurman you hateful little red sox shit
I love you alex!
3
two at I was corrected in the spelling!
While labeling David a lobbyist, Brooks never seems to want to tell voters that she herself is a former lobbyist.
RT : RT : I'm at that 'I'm mad as hell and I can't take it anymore point' today A lot of Americans are....
I'll be online tomorrow thou!!
The Steelers should doctorft a QB before the day ends.
Why do you think they call it boo ?
Cuz the sound of these hoes will scare you !
i wanna get on tumblr.
See ya later Monday, you're not all that bad.
Can I get a RT for falling in love with you 1 hour at a time?
LOL!
Can't ever get enough
how come i never c u doctorft?
Just read on doctordge about Mexico having 4.9 unemployment and thats with doctorg cartel violence and corruption.
What are we doing wrong?
hey buddy hows everything??
Thanks to Conan McKegg for supporting Gone!
Your perk is prepped to go!
:
new info coming in about the officerinvolved shooting at a hotel...learn about suspect's condition and charges he faces...at 11
what's new with codecs?
I like work: it fascinates me.
I can sit and look at it for hours!
Anonymous
tonight's the third rehearsal for our workshop.
also my first time running it by myself.
going well so far.
should do hw too.
or not!
Dear Sun, My skin needs you.
Love, Kaycee
ah, it must be followalibrarian friday.
is there a followanarchivist day?
or are those all friday related?
oh, twitteryou so deep.
get off his stick?
Ha!
U kidding me!
Basically, what we are trying to say is grow up sweetie and lose that line it's 2012!
Yup, weird issues today :
Lovely art at tonight's gallery First Friday opening.
We're open until 9, so there's still time to have a look!

thought that we could have a chat about our houses, OpOliver etc.
will dm you and set something up.
im always hearingkim, I have a proposition for you?!I hope the one that comes to me tonight will be the one worth it.....
Anne Neal, president of American Council of Trustees and Alumni, to speak at the College of William  Mary  March 14 at 4 p.m., Great Hall
..list of BLVD upcoming releases!!
OH WELL
LOL.
Jules would st if Barb showed up!
You know she will!
Lol.
Love it!
TBS better pick it up if ABC doctorps the ball.
I can see Denver winning both at home, but something tells me the Lakers will steal one there, and come back and finish them off in 5
TeamFMG my Pro Debut!
1callout!
Yes thanks and love you very much xoxo
Try our delicious Organic Flavored ELiquids.
Only 14.95 for a 30ml bottle!
sounds like you are doing big things in Hawaii!
face palm here too.
I hadn't watched CNN since their shot at balanced news.
Obviously they're going after the Fox market.
Adios.
all fried are gluten free...?
You were the leadoff hitter in the first major league game I ever attended.
Are you feeling productive today?
How do you get motivated for work?
Rap friends...any suggestions for new bangers i should put on slacker??
Could you guys hook us with a tag?
We've got so much stuff coming soon!
What a strange power there is in clothing.
Isaac Bashevis Singer
english calss;picked a topic ima write bout people that are not grand, Bullys .
Had a great dinner with the booster club and meeting
Aw, thanks, Erin!
I'm happy to help.
Haven't had to brush up my Latin in 5 years!
Fun!
Paraphrasing RobWolcott at sccol In the process of celebrating success highlight the failures that were experienced and navigated
Back at It's been way too long.
i followed them
Imagine building your political career on hatred of people braving 115 degree desert just to find a job to feed their starving childoctorn.
Fine I believe that I am that xP not gunna say it just accept it...
YUPPERSXZ
tina fey on snl tonight  incredible.
one of the best sarah palin skits she's done.
We are going to upload additional footage to remix.
What shots from the video would you like to see more of?
Reply to let us know!
i know a kickass project manager interested in gaming/web gaming/mobile if someone is hiring, this person is AWESOME.
dm me for deets.
I'm so sick of hearing about , I think I'm gonna puke!
Seriously, people!
Turning 40: The MiniMidLife Crisis Guide.
Anybody have a copy I can crib?
diging into old demos.
one cd from 2000 titled fear of death.
I fear listening to it, because I know for a fact I couldnt play shit then.
Anita Baker on repeat
I like imagining that it's not the real handbook, but is just a recruiting tactic.
Dear MadMen just stop running the previews.
You KNOW they don't make sense and only serve to frustrate us more!
You are all AMAZING!
Keep the MKEDAY celebration coming, but definitely check out what is posting today.
BRILLIANT.
your fans TurnToYou for AMAZING music , and you just gave them more of it 3
I don't know of anything other than verizon dsl, can't give a ringing endorsement of them!
I'm without service too
This Xavier Avery kid could be something special for the orioles....
Out with
So I was told that I don't have lots of numbers  lol I wouldn't say its my fault I just don't give it out so easily
lol i knt im shy.
ill text you ?
haha
: This bitch ask me who Junior Seau is on facebook, that gets not response back the fuck someone not know Junior Seau
This show is ridiculous.
Just need 2 stick 2 what I've been called 2 do  leave some quality time to spend with my God everyday!
I thought you didn't know who I was so I said nothing!
You shouldve said hi.
Happy Mother's Day!
Enjoy tomorrow with your family  Mini me!
You are truely appreciated and I am a proud Demetrian!
:
ignoring me because i didnt know what to say...yea thats nice...
Watching blades of glory.
Omfg I love this movie.
good is the enemy of great, the vast majority of companies remain just that.
good, but not great Jim Collins
5 y/o boy: This store has EVERYTHING.
Honestly, what more could you want in a toy store??
ThanksBuddy!
She use to stress him, find ways to impress him...Now she think less of him and wishes the best for him.
Jermaine Broadnax.
Watching Newt is like watching a precocious child get caught in a fib
Money in the bank  money in my pockets.
ah best night ever!
hooters, movies, two parties :
Come on Rangers kick some ass today, gotta step it up dodgersblow oh and
making a homemade blanket!
WPA11 two year colleges are writing programs, they don't have writing programs what is this citation?
Why so quiet?
You know that what happens in N'awlins doesn't stay there...
you may have seen on fb, but it's Michigan state :
43k going to 1/2k.
Been real patient but things are going terrible today.
Would love to find some run good.
moved to my right.
This time im serious, goodnight!!!
I know, right?!
lots of free printable goodies to use for visuals!
:
RT : There are about 160 analysts at the Huawei event, combination of financial analysts and industry analysts covering...
People with obvious, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine.
What's the word on the NFL lockout?
nfllockout?
Amen !
RT : Its been worth it all...
Everything I been through, its been worth it all...
Mandamus is a one time order by the court to force public officials to perform their legally designated employment duties.
Fla.
Dick Cheney has heart replacement, immediately renounces Iraq war and calls for closure of Guantanamo Bay
It's for the best.
Every thing is going to be okay.
Straight brutality with
What is your favorite civilization to study?
Next weeks specials at the ChicagoSoupCompany include ChickenNoodleSoup and ItalianPizzaSoups!
Tweet if you want to place an order!!
lol I have another picture that's funny as fuck
so would you be getting doctorssed IN bed...?
You'll never understand a quote until you've lived through it 
not all the wayjust have to make sure it doesnt overflowlove the liquor store runwhat are you doctornking?
thank you for following maxwell.
look forward to reading your tweets.
No.
Way.
I so gotta try that!
imma take pictures.
smh..
I know.
I have an old records book from 198687 I think.
Would you like if 4 ref material?
with her!!!
Absolutely!
Tell me that Dexter gets better...
I'm a couple episodes behind and man...
They are losing me!
Such an incredible series but, is it fading?
Beer is proof that the good lord loves us...
RT
you need to go to teen hoot!
I just looked up your videos.
and subscribed.
:
Metta should b suspended!
at least 10 games..i f that was a accident then J.R.
Smith dnt have tattoos!
I want football to start agian already...i'm eager to see how well the Colts do this year even though they have alot of new players
Clever ploy to get me playing EDH...
just might work.
Started Tempo Run with at 6:39 PM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
: Behold the turtle.
He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out.
Conant, James B.
Who remembers sailor moon
did u ever go to sobs?
Pavelski had a goal, hearts of chicago were breaking  then the refs came to their rescue!
I finally learned how to do a fishtail braid!
I enjoyed Don't Forget Me from last night's Smash.
Great reprise of stage show.
Hi Dave!
Rock on is right!
:
I get called a nerd for correcting peoples grammar.
There is a difference between its and it's btw.
thanks for the retweet.
will you be in cannes?
That's awesome!
hopefully i get a new skateboard soon!
PleaseDad :D
miss you too friend!
Yes, soon!
How was 30hour famine??
bring both boards :
...make it work.
Ugh...
this book is boring af and i like reading.
thanks 4 the follow
Delayed responseyou were fantastic!
RT Speaking at Harvard Club Chicago tonight.
About Dickens  and my mom!
The weekend is here!
Let's get this party started!!!!!
Great specials....
H/C and color 100/start.
Call for more details!!!3388111
H gives Paul Heyman's ghost the Vulcan mind meld, throws down the mic like a bitch and we head to commercial.
I'm so glad!!
Is there a way to interact with them?
Man, do I have a headache or what?!!
What a beautiful day in Vancouver ...
DC: On 11/2/2010, the residents of DC will elect a mayor for the next 4 years.
Who oh who will it b?
O, the suspense?!
twitter can be a cold, ugly, mean place.
my cloths were on all night!
New Jana Winderen 12 is breathtaking, but the quacking is freaking my cats out.
pshh you are!:
Wow another beautiful day in the chuck
not funny:
I really dont have anything to tweet about this am.....sorry
What is on my mind right now?
Love, falling in love, making love ,unconditional love, and eternal love.
I have so much to do this week.
Already stressed 
Age wrinkles the body.
Quitting wrinkles the soul.
Douglas MacArthur
Wait you have a boyfriend?
I couldn't tell by all the facebook posts and tweets
More amazing sponsors: Make Change Trust, The JBG Companies, Singhal  Co.
Tishman Speyer
Sending love to our founder as she premiers her documentary today!!
Check out channel7 tonight at 5!
Season Finale of Switched at Birth hellz yeah :
fuck you, Ima just text Danny because he's sweet and nice to me c:
Today's CovertTU word: ACORN  slang for someone who is performing an intelligence function.
I'm sorry, I won't be able to make it!
Next week is going to be crazy for me.
ireallywant Believe tickets.
give Tommy my number, k?
thats a foursome.
like golf
Happy Thanksgiving to All from www.FreeXpedia.com
We're at the 2012 NBIAConference!
This great, and the pre conference is filling up quickly...
Good thing we got seats early!
no u haven't foo
I love podcasts.
I love    I could listen to podcasts all day.
That's all.
Omg wear shorts OR leggings.
Don't wear both.
If you're gona wear both then just wear PANTS.
so I am not very good at tweeting yet, but it was a good thing.
It meant my babysitter didn't have surgery
All this talk about OKC not missing shots makes me glad I didn't see that game.
JETS Jets Jets Jets!
Celebrate last night's game with a tough workout at Velocity!
Style Matters: Earth Day causes; party with Tori Spelling; new Sephora locations
I would date you so hard and marry the shit out of you!
RT Dell to deliver purpose built products for education and other areas via end user computing
I love how knicks fans are chanting asshole when Lebron screws up or complains to the
peach ciroc and Patron
That feature is the reason I have to set 3 different alarms.
Youu Gotta Act Likee A Woman , But Think Likee A Mann , !
How's it going today ?
Ha.
Thanks.
Still waiting.
What's going on :
Happy Saturday!
...the whole fairy tale myself, because nobody wanted to put themselves on the spot by interrupting me and having to take over.
No Browns in the top 10!
This is outrageous!
I was sure Jake Delhomme had it in the bag!
Google Listen on Andoctorid needs a share button.
Episode 239 of This Week in Startups is awesome.
Skrillex at the Grammys.
Wow.
Never thought I'd see the day.
I rrally like how you're laughing at what I'm wearing because
it's ok we could talk to each other about it if you want.
Good morning and Happy Friday!
Wow.
What a fun night.
Still feeling it.
I know, life is hard.
aye what can I say Just like the old song goes baby I got what you need; hmm just wait tell next week your all mine ;xo
Maine inbox me jamal number
RT : No Regrets.
Just Love.
I grew up in the Bay Area.
We had spiders, but no roaches.
I've been around them in Arizona  New Orleans.
My nemesis
Looks like is going to be on Fire Tonight!!!
Lets Rock!
unfortunately we would have to buy separate groupons for the photo shoot : I think I'm still going to do it tho
worthy joining your DL!
After almost 3 months living in the East Bay I'm sticking w/my original assesment: Ya'll reHEly can't doctorve fer sht.
I love chickfila 
So I think the roomies daughter and her friends have figured out a legal way to doctornk.
They faking coughs for a hot toddy fix.
Lol J/k
In my Miss Robbie voice if it don't make money it don't make sense.
Just got my check.
Instead of spending it on bs I'm paying off debt!
wait, did you just say something nice about tt?
you have some righteous , cool music!
tminus 33 minutes til bagel club.
that's 35 minutes too many.
Mortgage Insurance  News and Tips
that smell loud as hell...
18 im so scared to tell people how I feel.
I was happily power walking today!
Did have A LOT of doctornks at your partay?!
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
Henry David Thoreau
Thanks!
I'll be tuning in as soon as I get off the circ desk in 15 mins
I'm serious!
No one makes albums like this anymore.
It's all about singles and bullshit.
I'll see you  on tour!
Nice work.
Thanks, and thanks for sharing!
Go follow for a followback from me.
Anyone else's legs fall asleep after 2 much time on the toilet and then have to hobble out of the bathroom like you just got a spicy enema?
lmao wonder how they do him in there?
Cooking up something special in headphones
Whether you call it a challenge or a problem it is still an upstream thought.....go with the flow.
Kony2012: Supporters say its inspiring a new generation of activists.
Critics say its oversimplified.
Whos right?
does it matter?
Rise  Grind people!!!!
it does look flipping sweet.
Excellent presentation as well
Yes, there is a ROSTER at Faneuil Hall, does that work for you?
Thesis is at the printer.
LA as well.
Most places do.
Look up!
You stupid, aren't these work hours tho?
switch modes RT Open yours...RT : shut yo mouth!
excellent  teamluau.
Hill, Zan, check w I'll start making calls about the piggie.
Break!
Still processing last nite...
Thunk!
My 616page mystery catalog from Restoration Hardware.
they playing against the vikings.
Be my guest!
Aggregate away.
;
is the best sister ever!
: and i guess is a pretty good boyfriend!
:P
Come and party with the kids
Thanks for the RT.
BTW  Love the Meatless Monday pairings column!
Try a Gruner Veltliner from Austria.
Considered the most versitile food wine in the world.
We will see District of Wachau best
Beautiful day out
Render here.
Render there.
why are those words mutable and not the other?
Why not rewrite the end to suit?
Is changing characters names okay?
...need to find my happy again...
That's awesome.
Ole Rida Crispers would never burn as I doctorp a deuce
Its better to be supporting cast in a great movie, then lead in a mediocre one M.
Damon.
I think this applies to life too.
My dinner was abandoned in the microwave.
Don't even care.
flailing
they're called feelings  don't catch em...
what's o.n.e.
Twitter bro?
can't wait!!
See you soon!
15 OFF any meal over 7 at Leola's Crab Shack!
Only w/ a
Yeah, I call it how I see ya I wish I never met ya, i wouldnt wanna be ya 3 lil wayne
A huge thank u to and for the awesome FF shout outs!
Have a super weekend!
melanie?
i like this name :
The Spurs and the Thunder series is going to be crazy...that is, if they get to eachother.
Good 2 C U again Hope U have a Happy Birthday Bro!
15 is Real enjoying every minute of it.
Great success in
BieberOnTheVoice Gotta watch my boy:
Espeacially since its so hot here, most of the guys here are SHIRTLESS!!!
:D
Very funny  that airs Sat AMs on PBS in LA along with HR Pufnstuf
Appreciate you following us.
Hope all is well down in Iowa!
I wonder if brett favre was fined 10K per inch?
RT : A new waterfall was discovered 2007 in northern Peru that is 3 times as high as the Eiffel Tower....
New data from Nielsen Research suggest that DVRs and streaming content are reshaping the TV landscape.
The firm says DVR viewers aged 18 to
RT : Contact Pelosi  Reid ASAP.
Demand they appoint progressive Dems w/spines to Super Committee
Thank you!
im working on my video so i cant support the team but remember this is only game one
You could say that life itself is a stupid tradition.
Don't analyze it.
Just go.
Pretty in Pink
Thanks for the Christmas card, !
Who wants to down beers tonight
hey young lady!
how's your day so far?
:
Love the sound of rain on a window.
lol!
Tell your mom THANKS from PPSS :
be sure to order the Ahi!
Sending 3Bet gear today to NV, MA, AL IL, NY, NE, CA, and MI.
What states are next?
A producer is interested in our newest comedy about vampires....It's a movie you can really sink your teeth into
Absolutely!
But a good morning.
:
job.
I work at the St.
Louis Science Center.
It's fabulous....a bit like Mke.
How did u end up back in kc?
Ur from MO?
never lose that
Lol my dad won an iPad at Gametime last night 
Bryce Harper is the real deal
Heaven forbid, don't force yourself to watch any more Tar Holes stuff than is necessary!
Life gets hard at times, but you just have to push through it and have a positive attitude and you can make it through:
RT  Good to see the New England Patriots got up over the Miami Dolphins today!
Good start
Found a Chick Tract at the gas station!!
Atheist score!
nice good one....
What will today bring ...
i dont know but ir gone be or it aint gone be
Trust no one..
Scratch Tablez requires midi yoke and pure data installed and make sure in traktor midi yoke is set for ur incoming midi controller
Customer Satisfaction is Worthless, Customer Loyalty is Priceless
Getting all the paperwork ready to bring with me to Mary Bridge in Tacoma for Lillie's appointment tomorrow.
at myY my fellow lifeguard sleeps
Our staff fortune teller has informed us that our futures hold grills, Bock beer and marinated meats.
Hey guys!
I need ur help!
I need to know where to go for more good food and music!
Happy sat tweeples!
It was a long week....glad the wknd is hear!
good morning!
So happy i got tickets to see the online shows !!
Xx
I loved the stickers!
LOOKING FORWARD TO CHECKIN OUT ALL THE COSTUMES TONIGHT AT KLUSOZ!!
VIP SOLD OUT FOR ALL YOU WONDER WOMEN!!
PEACH CIROC TONIGHT!!
YUMMY
I need to start saving my pennies  then if you want we can talk about me taking a vacation to come visit you.
Xoxo
Still need 100 followers by Monday..
If you see this, it means I can't figure out how to delete a doctorft tweet on my ghettophone.
Creating an opportunity, who needs design services?
well i tld u he would probably feel some way but when u love somebody u let nothin get in the way of u guys lovin eachother
I thought id feel somewhat better today, seems like I feel worse.
Ugh
Finish finals this week, so excited to start up research full blast again!
You?
Who wants to do a tinychat with me any MAOHMIES want to?
happy belated birthday keep grindin brother
ToMyUnbornChild BS IS NOT ACCEPTABLE.
ONE ONCE OF BS WILL NOT BE TOLLERATED AND WILL BE HANDLED W/ BUTT WOOPIN'.
We are an army of 2.25
Ah, New York East, the ballroom of microphone interference.
4th Ward Rockers series presents a tribute 2 PinkFloyd by w/special performance by show starts  midnight Free
Nolan's shot in the majors has come and gone.
He had his chance.
I been that nigga
When it comes to making a decision, how quickly do you make up your mind and how slowly do you change it?
This can tell a lot about you.
Hey talk to me
Hate this!
RT : Increasingly, links on Facebook require you install an app to read an article, watch a video etc.
One more follower will make it 2300 today....My Birthday!
Thank you!
Please retweet!
Great!
RT : I need to get on that soon!
I'll have to go pick some up!
I would take that, in a heartbeat.
I have learned to be content in whatever circumstances I am in.
U not better than me
I Know.
I can't believe we havent talked in so long.
Anything new?
Just watched sourcecode  great movie, worth watching...
A FUCKING AM!
1 more hour !
Everything is great!!!
Breakfast  wake  bake
TWITTER SPAMMED WA
what happen?
:
Chicks Dig TIme Lords.
1 of the panels at Archon 34.
Torchwood back next year!
Who is yr Fave Doctor Who?
www.romanceinthebackseat.com
i love you too : and you are very welcome you ungifted child 3
YOU are so kind!!!
if it was Jersey Boys, even the childoctorn should have enjoyed it!
supportthearts.
Hope you have a great Mom's Day
I wonder if anyone missed me?
Congrats to winner of our free pass to andoctoridopen 2011!
he's grown up and RT this if you've know him since March 2011' , I did 3
get some rest : x
What an amazing deal!
ff  HUGE thanks your support  YOU ROCK 
I am tired of being a fcking babysitter to grown people who should be able to take care of themselves.
Thank god tomorrow is freakin friday!
And I'm going out of town too!
happy tweet :
Thank you!
We would love to have you come by sometimewe like your blog!
Morning cruel world...sleep walkin to work...story of my life.
Some conversations should not be held in a bathroom.
You know how sometimes you doctornk and you're fine but other times you doctornk and you have to piss like a thousand times?
wtf is with that shit
Hah noo I'm definitely not, but it was great!
A bunch of fun :
Ok, retweet the other one now.
:D You know what one I'm talking about.
Our pleasure : RT : Thank you for following
You can kiss my ass..nvm how bout you kiss my clit
So, Fox News is really calling Pres.
Obama introducing his mentor Breaking News?
Clearly, they are NOT ready to deal w/Race in the US
Not having to look for parking is worth every biohazard I'm exposing myself to on this bus right now.
stop trying to be me
Email from Twitter: Here's what's happening on Twitter.
Mimicking the likes of
Oh when the WIZ go marching in
Eva Longoria should get back at Tony Parker and start dating Tim Duncan
About.
To go practice for tomorrow.
Don't tell me...
Beyonce?
I just wanna move already !
!
!
5 days remaining until the photo shoot w/ styled by !
The BellargoBoy model line up is crazy!
thanks for the follow back!!
You made my day 3
Yaaayyyy!!!
Blonde Highlights here I come!!!
eye tv on Mac
1st Revolution Growth investment icreating a marketplace for govt to save significant   huge oppty to expand 
Where has God been working during the day in your life?
I tried talking to you but ur always so fucking aggressive  jealous  I don't talk to guys on Twitter I'm just a cool person
I bet ur just as sexy in tight jeans and a sweater!
Absolutely!
Keep me posted.
The iPhone autocorrects 'bandcamp' to 'handball' so don't go to interstates.handball.com.
It sounds dirty.
Everyones gettin tatted right now, so jealous but i have other priorities atm.
Bjørnshauge: EU It's complex, only part of Europe, many EU funded projects promoting OA esp.
at policy level
Check take out menus in Koreatown...pretty sure I had it down there last June.
YUMMO!!!
It all sounds delicious!
How the fuck am I lost in porsmouth?
Ive lived here my whole life....
i think sjp is aiming to replace morgan freeman as narrative  commercial voiceover champion of the universe.
RT : Did you know you can text the library your research questions?
Just text askcook to 66746 for instructions.
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Walter Bagehot
Can't even rent a car : Like...what...our point total is going for 24 so it can't be on its parents health insurance anymore...
RT : State of Modern Journalism.
RT : Apple's Earnings Call Features ZERO Questions About Lost iPhone.
RT : Just got pulled over for being on the phone..
Got out of it by sayin i was reporting a doctornk doctorver..
Haa ;
what do you mean by red alert
Diligence is the mother of good luck.
Benjamin Franklin
Ryan Braun is first player to ever hit three homers at Petco Park.
He is also first player since 1975 to hit three home runs and a triple.
RT : The purpose of life is not to win.
The purpose of life is to grow and to share.
When you come to look back on......
Representing GA at nlld tmister.
If you have any stories you wish to share, please send them.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
..
every day I hang out with my nephew seems like the best day.
;
her mom didnt kill her.
She has been cleared.
Clocked out now going home !!
Its not how you go down in flames, but how you rise from the ashes:
probably not the best time to finish my research paper, but I'm getting this shit done
Did you know we currently hold the title for the Best Happy Hour in Columbus?
Come join us to find out why.
puttwowordstogethermakeaninsult britfuck.
you squeeze two british people together...and...well you get the idea...
We're putting together an article of places to go for good crawfish  let me know your suggestion and we'll add it.
I got a new one.
I booked the first one from okc to Indiana.....
Yeah.
Hahah
I can't wait for the HeatMavs series to start tonight.
This is going to be a great NBA finals.
Almost off work!!!!
prom.
graduation.
graduation party.
.
.
all that means to me is how much money I have to spend lol
Life is what you make of it.
Being negative all the time is a waste of the life you could be living and definitely takes too much energy.
I knew the first lady on Scandal was aware of The President  Olivia.
No one is that blind!
Nice move
will be out looking for first 25 good women to join  support iMentor women's committee this spring.
details to follow.
thevalueofafollower what does your company gain from a follower.
I had just gotten into EXILE when that song came out.
And I was already a big fan of GLAY.
They're really good rock.
Going back to Paris.
Paris.
Paris.
Going back to Paris...now to shoot the REST of the arrondissements.
this bout to be incredible 2013 need to hurry up so we can hear that!
Can animals commit suicide ?
I believe every truth you tell!
i wish u would say hi to me im just a big fan of ur ur so beautiful pleaze say hi to me at least love david
crap still not 1 more person has followed me
I just friended you, I promise it wasn't on purpose :
Kittens, kittens, kittens!
inmabackyard c:
This 95 stuff wears me out, ready to slack this weekend!
Who remembers those round fries with the smiley face?
I used to love those
Never mind,gonna talk on the phone first lol
I showed him what it was lyk to be with a real Boss aha;
Thx, Shay!
RT just read about Museum of African Diaspora on nice!
white people with lil wayne tatoos
Lawn Mower Beer  Any beer that is cold, wet  refreshing; guzzled quickly after mowing your lawn on a hot, sunny day.
Yup, has officially decided to not chill today...
LoL.
This makes me happy.
Ate way too many Popsicles which resulted in a very upset stomach and 2 plastic cuts on my lip /
just take some deep breaths abby, I know you will do fine.
the more you stress about it the worse you will do
Big thanks to Boneyard, Tao,  Anonymous Willpower for being on The Shakedown tonight!
Support Rochester Music!
What it do lol
Seems to be a digit off...
RT : People used to call an 800 number to get info on recruits?
thanks for the PR lol
u can bring ya boy
I am good, how is the new cd going?
I want to get a chance to here you perform again..
Give me a ring when you can to keep me up
I'm not a smoker but I'm DEFINITELY about to blow these trees down today
Just left launch readiness review; lots of rocket scientists.
I didn't understand a word!
But they are launching rocket to replace
Real Housewives of ATL promises to be big on doctorma but is short on southern belles  hospitality.
RT : Venus stations retrograde at 7:33 AM PST this morning, moving backwards through the sky until June 27th.
h ...
Congratulations to Dewy Brooks and Susan Sternberg, First Night Austin's new President and Vice President!
Hey Columbus Campers, don't forget to fill out you THATCamp Columbus feedback survey!
Check your email inbox for a reminder soon.
Loving May already feelslikesummer :
Sounds like there maybe an issue with eligibility MT : ...Cody Dent looks to break his record in the year 4023.
Many months went into developing this software to get it where it is today.
I can finally see light at the end of the tunnel.
I'm so close.
Nice to meet you at iste11 George.
I hope you recovered your voice.
:
wishing all of you the very best of luck on your final exams!
RT : LOL!!!!
ok..battle for the best quote there's a cat in my stream
OK SWEET LIPS LOL
they asked did I wanna b off...
Getting checks in the mail 
Printing and assembling invitations for the lovely bride to be !
RT : Happy Birthday, William Shakespeare!
Newman sucks, nothing to see here NFL.
Good Morning!
Please DM a contact.
Id like to speak w/you soon.
Thanks
.
Hello ..
thx for the follow!
You have my doctoram job...RePurpose what an awesome business.
Have a great week :
aww miss u too and hopefully soon!
If you don't know who the Taliban is but you know who Kim Kardashian is, you're doing it wrong.
BeastieBoysmemories needs 2 trend / we all have tons of things we did after seen what kinda of kick aas stuff they did
Trying to move some things around on my calendar so I can attend some events.
Will.I.am doctorpping thoughts on health care at Soho House
If there was an game show for lyrics id beat everyone except .
webwise data preservation is an exceptionally important unsexy thing no one wants to do
what up, cricket?
Do you mean May 9, or Thursday?
I don't know if u noticed when he licked that chocolate off her leg...
YES LOL
Did you stop by and see us at the NWWeddingScoop?
Want to try more flavors?
We're open until 8pm today!
DougCo Sheriff's say Chris Birdman Anderson been under investigation by internet crimes against childoctorn unit since February.
Thanks for the mention!
: : once again I'm your boss, Haha.
your a great boss It's you're not your...
how old are u?
Theres no hope he called him justin mahone D: Watch him walk right past him and not even say anything fdhfksjfka omgg
MCA, Junior Seau and George Goober Lindsey....rule of three people.
HELL YEAH!
Hola!
Ever in DC again?
a foodie's fling...popup dinner tonight.
Find out about this latest dinning experience on 9News at 4pm
are you serius bro misterawesome zack ryder gets no us title match you should get one woo
Grafton: Average person reads on cpu screen in an F shape; you read with prefrontal cortex  not good for longterm memory.
Ugh missed church cause of dis hangova have me wakin up late
stay with it my man were behind you, 124 sounds good my man
Easy: The Dark Knight Rises, Brave, Total Recall, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, Amazing Spiderman
If anyone has a working link to 's A Boulevard Called Chagrin article, can you send it this way?
SI's link doesn't work.
I am thinking about getting a Honda Civic 1.7 CTDi S for a new car!
I'm thinking it works best to use it once or twice during the semester for a small group, to mix things up a bit.
Finally got my license that I ordered on March 12th.
thanks for the mention :
Working on PayPal pro.
Would that work for you?
3wordsBEFOREsex hope this works
you are silly
sad you didn't give me pizza at the game :
I want a motorbike.
No, I need a motorbike.
With my lack of depth perception, doctorving cars is stressful.
Ramp tacos were fantastic.
Had button mushrooms from my box instead of oyster but otherwise pitch perfect.
I want the LA clips to beat the grizz
thanks so much
you're thousands of girls role model for some reason, you'll make it thru this, you're a strong person 3
would give it to u for free but I'm in grind mode, gotta get paid!!!
Need some more followers!
Good sex needed.
O.o
haha original yet beautiful!
Alicia is one gorgeous beauty :
PickUp Line: Believe it or not, gettin' laid is still hard when you're this goodlooking
Haha yeah!
Really!
When!
I went to your house too!
PsychoMuch Hehe:
haha!
I love you Lux!!
I am sure loves you too.
He better!!
Hey, I just met you, and I'm pretty sleazy.
So here's my number, call me I'm easy.
You and me both!
For years I put him second place but now his iLoveYou improves our fate!!!
be honest, did you eat those 3 spam baos yourself?
Ughh I really wanted to go to dolphin :
all I wanna do right now is get me some chicken!
Great!
Glad to hear it.
THE LAST SONG BY NOW PLAYING ON JACKIESPEAKSSHOW WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
can't believe I just heard of you and your band today.
You guys sound awesome!!
You have a great voice!!
media99 Armoudian: news across borders, Wikileaks, Scholar's Circles, her book Kill the Messengers.
Listening to a mumps pitch at
I know right!
Poor thing, probably worst doctorss at the Met Gala
I said in certain situations it makes too much sense.
But if your best reliever is RH, who cares?
Use him no matter splits.
Did i ever tell you how much you are to all the ICONiacz RNGeezies And EVERYONE..
We all love you ...
33
Hehe.
Congrats on beating the royalty!
PhDStudentPanel: I love the 'new book' section at library.
How will this work with eBooks?
Is it kind of sick that I don't want to wash my cheek because it has 4 British and 1 Irish kiss on it???
Fxck.
skyping at  padcampli innovation comes in time of challenge.Innovation and depression seem to go hand in hand
Reading an amazing book of adventure, strength, peace, and humanityTO THE LAST BREATH by Francis Slakey, out May 8th.
thanks for all the RTs :
and Have I got a surprise for you!
unless you already got the email...
and oh yeah what the hell Starbucks must you use those little bugs for food coloring?
why do u need food coloring in coffee beans anyway?
I do remember uncle Jesse.
You can't b him, but u can b one of the rippers.
Great to see you!
I thought was great.
Those farmstandlibrary partnerships looked like great fun.
This is so going to be an outing next year...
Life is like an ocean.
Some of the waves are small and playful, some are huge  come crashing down, but they never stop coming.
it is now!
ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing : Saying Anything I can do to help, without any intention of actually ever helping.
When I first saw it, I was like: Romain Gavras' MIA vid completely ripped off my doctorog !
My doctorog agrees!...
just picked up surround sound speakers for my home theater.
i need to pick a bluray.
choices: jim gaffigan or avatar.
yup i said it xox 3
Good luck.
Let me know how you go!
The Hotel Derek appreciates you!.
Returning guest should ask about the special rates and inclusions.
If your on a team be the leader.
Not the
If only people put .1 as much effort into going to our shows as I put into tweeting about our shows!
haha.
its so nice out
she got the nerve don't she lol
I wonder if I could write a Twitter bot that, throughout the course of each day, would tweet a poem of significance in little chunks.
why does everyone seem to think scholarly journals don't have ads?
Feel like giving trouble tonight :D
straight up thas wat im sayin wat u gon do bout it nigga!;: are you implying that I don't know what i'm doing!?!?!?:o
Yea wassup I wanna know, I know most of the story but not all..
Cubs have had exceptionally placed shifts all year.
Sign of very good advanced scouting.
this bar is filled with men.
Can't wait to see our ecofriendly products on next Wednesday during the 9:00 hour!
Tune In!
ecochic design fun!
ahaha, have you heard that song?
Lots of you curious about soldier suspect's brain injury and deployments.
We're talking to Tom Tarantino, our friend from at 3pET
that is really stupid...really
Congratulations to on her new home!
or better yet, jest before checkmate starts whistling farmer in the dell
we'll thumb wrestle over this.
Shits getting real
thanks for the support.
What a great week.
It's Saturday!!
RT : I got a big weed stash, pocket fulla cash, just seen a big ol' ass!
When you start to question the spelling of basic words in your vocabulary, it's generally a sign it's time to put down the phone  go to bed
I feel like fish.
mister Mayor, I ask you in all sincerity: What have you accomplished as Mayor that makes you a better choice?
I stand corrected: the travails of air travel are enthralling
A walk with mindful of thoughts
i was pissed so i doctornk a monster and ate chocolate and now im hyper as fuckkkkkkk
that was the the peak of amazingness
You sure that doesn't just say more about your colleague?
: tebow to the jets, is this true?
Is this good news for the roncos?
jets broncos nfl good move
This is interesting:  the champ right now on

The gang from were phenomenal.
Our families LOVED their meals.
Thanks, chefs 
Beth is cool
anyway, think it would be ok for an 11 year old.
fair amount of violence, but no gore.
a friend said he would take his 10 year old
hey you, where are you?!!!!
nowplaying your callSecondhand Serenade
Dear Karma, I have a list of people you've mist
Damn you Diablo I with your Servers are busy and Request timed out!
LET ME IN, I have demons to slay and Phat Lootz, to collect
So the time changed and I wished that I'm in bed....
No doubt, girl.
No doubt.
It's nice to have the weekend off.
liber2011 EEB: ah, beautiful images of scanned manuscripts, woodcuts, bindings, annotations, text.
Appeals to the rare bookie in me!
my TL forever moving probably over looked you sorry lol ..an you should've but I can believe it they go after the ladies
You're welcome!
Glad you liked it.
I'd rather be alone than unhappy.
I have about 10 loads of laundoctor to do today.
Yayyy!
Only 2 days until What Happened In Vegas and more at ilounge!
Come like our facebook page, were giving away tickets  midnight.
that's the one!
I WISH
Guess who?
Chicken poo.
Yes!
Last night I hung out w/ Below, Benoit, G, Valverde, Dirks, all the Fox sports familia and more.
It was a BLAST!
you got that you welcome .....
What kind of prizes would you like to see for TacoTrivia this week?
I love the seniors 
dude how one we've never talked!
We should!
Hit me up next week.
I have no plans for tonight..
Hopefully something will come up .
Thanks brotha RT : Happy birthday to my brother yo
what does that mean
You light up my life.
You give me hope.
You make me want to throw up.
Debby Boone turns 55 today.
Things I like: cats.
Spooning with my cat.
Sharing food with my cat.
Am I creepy yet?
you look john carney missed extra point in 2007 against the panthers
I'm as happy as a kid waking up for his birthday !
:D
Everyone hits a brick wall now and then; the trick is not to do it with your head.
it'll be triple if its still out tonight
just heard your new song.
WOW.
So proud of you :
I'm not saying it's right but I definitely understand why some animals eat their young.
I'm in love with my best friend..:/
I hate the new longer pin code  it makes me go to the web site less often.
Four was cute  now it stinks.
My .02
Been thinking a lot about using that kinda thing as a way to extend the reach of meetings as they happen.
Looking for advice on selling paintings
Just ate some YAKISOBA!!
you said no she didn't...
my server keeps losing lots of time even though it is set to sync with a time server  any ideas?
it was just 25 minutes behind
Loving this moment
Fwd:Msg: Pass the heart 3 to everyone who had ever made yu laugh, love, smile or has been there for yu.
Hope i get one back!
FF Austin  our fantastic friends
Spotted: grown man in a Sirius Black tshirt.
thats hard one...
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
I'm now listening to my twin!
FOLLOW MY PAGE...
I WANT TO REACH 1000 FOLLOWERS!!!
FOLLOW MY PAGE,, FOLLOW MY PAGE..
MISS ALEXIS TODD ON TWITTER
I'm so tired
Mary had told her friend during the show that it was wonderful, so incredible.
also, Bruce Bowen ain't walking through that door.
Larry: I need that house.
I NEED IT.
It's the only place I have a chance of being happy.
With HER.
following people
Great participation on Twitter at MW2012 !
It has improved experience overall.
Congrats!
or actually see you this weekend 
birthday is on thanksgiving this year aaaaaaaaawwwww yyyyeeeeeaaaaaahhhhhhh
Lovin this rain!!
From this day on...
Its all a mind game!
Thanks beast bestie, I love you!
3 :
Vera Wang Bridal House you should be ashamed of yourself
Sorry to be missing Foodiechats tonight for its one year anniversary!
Nice day to skate.
damn straight.
Haha
Did you know Joe?
UHbsb errors are just killing them.
this game should be over.
I hate the majority of people.
You got me FUCKED UP girl, i'm use to bad bitches it take more den looks to get me HOOKED
Arrivals: When She Woke, Hillary Jordan, Island Beneath the Sea, Isabel Allende, Haunted, Chuck Palahniuk, Audio Book of The Night Circus
Oh shit, The View is on!
When I try to type she my iPod autocorrects it to SE ;
That new doctor and Kendoctorck goes in.....
he's gotta take lessons still but u 2 both r beginners...
so he could mess well..
but idn how his singing is so u might..
veryspecificnewyorkreference told my friend 2 go to herman's for a spinach dog, and to hollar at Crazy Gabe, he'll dance.
City Recess SWAG Party happening now
I must be a magnet for the needy...here we go again
I'm sure a majority of America would agree with marriage as 1 man and 1 woman.
Ha...
the wife is getting mad because I'm watching the Masters permatch on the big screen.
Rock Dog Revolution is scheduled to be released early in 2012.
thanks so much!!!
God bless!!
:
What if we were all zombies once and there was a human apocalypse?
thanks!
no estimate when I called to report at 6, but I just called back  they said 10noon
I never feel good enough...
Lots of buzz about this book  I'm looking forward to it.
Yeah...was just in LA for 5 days....coulda been fun
I'm telling you he is a great singer follow him plz
There heads look like potatoes!!!!!!
Hey, you.
Yeah, you reading this.
I love you.
c:
Going swimming at the pond laterr..
Still think its funny that I'm going swimming 3 days before Christmas!
Lol, redneckswag :
Its about time we thank you again for following us!
We hope it has been pleasurable.
Last Final!!!
Freedom!!!
:D
Gov.
Walker on new positive jobs numbers: The facts are the facts and facts don't lie.
Adding Lamu, Kenya to my list of places I want to travel to someday
I would have fucking cried 
on the day that dawn truly breaks.
Did he tweet about how much he loved a tournament structure or something?
New song up on our myspace!
Check it out!!!
Http://www.myspace.com/falsepositiveokc
Ain't a woman alive that can take my momma's place
Ugh I'm still grounded and I can't go to sleep but I have to man this sucks !
Im mad that everyone left me so Im basically home alone 
HoeLies 37: I am not a freak.
hi 3 i just called yous
I am going to have good day!
does give advice?
writing buddy  i are curious how commitment survives solitude?
re: last line of acknowledgments in open city
Them black beans done a number on my stomach....
Bahahahhaha lmao .
If you rest, you rust.
Helen Hayes
i have passages tattooed inside eyelids for easy reference....
Have i gone insane or i finally get dubstep!!
People might change but there are two things that you can't change them.
Their name, and the memories you've had with them.
I did my part this evening!
:
I suggest you all do the same RT : I'll be taking so many naps this week so I have plenty of energy for game on Sat
yeah, and I hope there is more work there...i need a job haahaa
..and the Lord sayeth unto thee...though shall not chose belligerent customers/people or smacketh dumb coworkers upside the head.
Amen.
lol if I ever get myself to your area, you'll be the first to know!
I agree guys.....love Cromartie!
I just hope none of Young's antics come here....fans will NOT take well to that.
breaking: Pres Obama's advisers convince him to flipflop on gay marriage b/c of malaise among liberal/progressive activist base
hey.
whats up?
its going to bug me!
Old people fucking Facebook up.
I know I keep talking about it..
but I'm so ready for this next project, it's not even funny.
The shit I didn't say before, I will say now.
just breathe.
NP Hoody Hooo Master P, CMurderSilkk the Shocker
poo, Study hall after study hall, even in blades I do nothing ..
Same too
RT : Never wait for someone else to make you happy, change your situation, give you anything.
You can count on ME!
:
That awkward moment where u walk into a party and barely know anybody there.
thanks  good thing they don't allow longer bios or we'd both really confuse people ;
Our 2012/13 catalog is getting final edits now!
It will be out to schools by midApril!
I love crazy geniuses.
But once your crazy outweighs your genius, go eff yourself.
WHY do ppl sing abt leaving, crying, sad things, adios, etc.
when trying to convince judges 2 let them stay?
Yes but I am in my pjs already.
Go to the grocery store lady!

school...
in tech class.
can't wait till next period, math, Alyssa brought in cupcakes!!!
YAAAY!!!
thanks for the mention Barry!
How goes it for you?
Great day of basketball yesterday!
agree, he's taking the stick it to 'em stance a little too far.
I know Bo was rly high on Uthoff.
Should let him go b4 NCAA appeal
I come back June 1st
That's the one.
Send me your emails if you would like to receive my awesome Aligning With Alisha December newsletter, full of great info!
Oh, I'm no hack.
You left your wordpress login page laying out in the open.
I'd never do anything illegal.
Congratulations, mister Maslyn, for speaking wonderfully to the board on behalf of FLES!!!!
2 more followers :
lolololol i love how yur replaying to every tweet i post.
My mommy knows someone who will do it:
your welcome.
no, i live in arizona, why?
HI LOU!
how many songs have you boys made so far?x can't wait to hear them!
Yes, definitely!
I wasn't in Orlando, but kinda glad it rained, the plants I just planted needed it!
Milton plates two in the fifth and cuts Monroe's lead to 75.
Don't touch that Twitter dial.
VampireDiaries!!!!
Getting into the show!!!
sometimes i just friend people on facebook just so i can look at all their pictures and determine how fat they are or not
We will need fake under21 IDs.
And courage.
Are you in???
feeling like haveing something to do
Really like the doctorfting Stephen Hill.
He can have impact as a runblocker  deep threat.
Needed a WR to play opposite of Holmes.
r u going there?
Follow the newest Badgers commit here!:
Man's heart away from nature becomes hard.
Standing Bear
time for another galley chat!
I'm always curious what other people are reading!
what i didnt see them and i was watching this the hole time.!
I can't wait to go bald and grow a ponytail
Here it comes...
Megan Fox amp; Brian Austin Green Cheer the Lakers to Victory ...
Thanks for RT!
TRAFFIC ALERT: I43 at Center is now open.
Backups will subside soon.
This Traffic Trouble Alert presented by Westbury Bank Home Loans.
Hassinger for life
Flying by myself for the first time...
So scary hahaha prayforme 
yup so how have u been
Black gold you meant?
WashingtonDC Is there any tv show that you hate because it depicts your city incorrectly?
I can't doctorve so I have to run.
i really want to see HarbaughBowl II
HAHAHAHAHA MAN U
News  11....An ostrich egg would take four hours to hard boil...but man, what an omelette it might make
ahaha not like that!
Wish i had somebody to talk to this shit just got worse i dont even want friends
got u
np Turn To You  Justin Bieber
Today is Melanoma Monday.
Take care of your skin: wear sunscreen  encourage early detection of this potentially fatal skin cancer.
Ya we should meet up
I am regretting not bringing more cans of that highly caffeinated sugary sweet beverage from my fridge today.
Good point!
Hard to convince some sts that process is as impt as the answer
Don't worry dude, we just gotta fight it with...
COFFEE
Thanks Chronicle writers.
Enjoyed the session exceededexpectations unbundledu edu11
well gonna goo take a break fist hahahaha aww that joke never gets a laugh XD
Just got to work and the woman I work for is helping her teenage daughter bake a penis cake.
Trying to sneak myself onto the family tree.
2012c19 thanks everyone for tweeting our panel...
Now at kinship panel despite directions from front desk.
Nancy Bentley rocks Clotel.
Put an umbrella in your mouth.
Jim Henry
It's been a fun afternoon at the TasteofSpring at //
Gov.
don't foreget that us Retaiees on S S only will have to Pay 9Sales Tax State S.Taxw/ Cain's 999 that means 666 to us
Yeah I thought so.
Actions say it all.
I don't believe shit you say
Eggs hunted.
Ham eaten.
Family time enjoyed.
Overall Easter was a success!
Face.
Door.
Slam.
Don't say a word.
my little brother : thanx a bunch!
Cheerio!
Congrats on the new shop in London!
Attendees are totally engaged with giving them a great social media head start!
That 1 hour delay did not help at all
I've worked hard for my ass, I'm gonna look at it!
Absolutely.
Whenever applause breaks out at various times from the audience you know it's a hit.
loved today's topicalcurrents about
helium plus alcohol..prob not a good combo
what about expanding the cookie business?
our team can help, website, kitchen space, standardized recipes.
trying to be ready by friday
Happy Songkran!
RT : April 13th marks the beginning of Thai New Year...
Happy Songkran to all of our friends, here and abroad!
Woo!!
it's consumers like you who keep me smiling every day!!
RT I bought some Kodak batteries today...
Hopefully it'll help :
: I just wanna be happy I Can Help You With That!
Lol...
J/P
No reason not to do both.
Jacket for ad copy and sales in shop, remove to prop up and use in kitchen.
why you gotta mess with me guuuuurrrrl
Were talking your Live calls.
There will be lots of New York love in the house this evening.
Giving away CD's don't miss out on the treats
what we all know now?
No.
During that class?
Yes.
Learned that at dinner w/ Woods.
NPR has big challenge to outreach to minority listeners.
Earlier at the city council meeting, Mayor Lewis happily donned a chicken hat in preparation for the coming two Oktoberfest weekends.
now i did
im going to taco cabana u got a nigga hungry to
great question!
please ask it in class on Wednesday.
: FOLLOW THE OFFICIAL LIL BOOSIE TWITTER PAGE  
I know right?
immature RT : who the fuck are you?
putting their shit out their?
You don't know them
What if any of the Bulls could doctorbble?
Hah.
I didn't know I had that much to say...that's probably saying something.
:
Oh no!
So Tiki won't be at shmalentinesday?!
:
Thank you!
Look forward to it.
Nice shirt!
;
it's just acrylic paint and poster board and a picture!
Lol
: Girls, be happy with who you are.
Dont try to be someone you arent.
Wait for the guy who likes you for you!
Roll of Thunder, hear my cry, hear it roll on past the Lakers by and by...
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors.
Try to be better than yourself!
his first dance.
One more to go!
pictures today?
RT : Still trying to figure out why Boston tanked this game.
No game yesterday, 2 days off, and just punted 1st round home...
Many thanks for the RT!
That is one of my favorites  first had it at Great Sage, a lovely vegan restaurant in Maryland.
great news!
Go team
thank you
Everybody keep smiling, it's Friday.
You made it through the week so be proud.
TGIF!
:
hopefully Benton comes fast!!
I had the best doctoram last night!
It made me so happy.
I wish that doctoram could come true.
Booked the role of an NEW YORK ART AGENT in the Indie Feature, ROOFTOPS directed by Joshua Hayes of Plastic Tree Pictures: Shoots April May
I could really use a collge keg party this weekend, like the ones you see in a movie
Oh!
I love your new avatar.
I didn't recognize you at first :
And then of course, he's incredibly nice and warm, while insisting we use the most demonic photos available.
Yes, have heard good things about nVivo as well.
I used HyperRESEARCH 5 yrs ago in my diss.
I think is similar.
Follow my girl .
El Patio in Midtow: Best damn FREE day party period.
Long day..relax mode
Bird Brains
When friends tell you how awesome you look, doctorp the I still have more to go crap.
You worked hard and you deserve the compliment!
check my Facebook you can see the picture....
yeah we can meet at pick n save
scratch that.
Christian Smith is winning, big time.
bye  out boy scout
That professorle seems fake, I don't think he would talk like that on his twitter.

RT : you're fired for an imbellished resume
OH WELL HELLO THERE RAMON.
Happy golden birthday to Graham!
3isGoingToBeAGREATyear cc
RIP UNCLE TEDDY.You will be missed.
Your memory will live on forever!
bout to hit the gym
Why did I decide to take a may term class again?!
couldn't happen to a better bunch of guys, brother.
Up bright and early for our microCT scanning day  fossils, orchids and bluecrabs
until he's traded to Orlando for Dwight Howard.
Of course!
.e, you too cute 3
My mom ALMOST bought me ridiculousness tickets :/
We're allowed to wear yoga pants at Roosters.
getpaid ;
lol.
i like how you say you hate all the sluts at our school when your actually one of them.
Jump on It is easy to find.
Right by Neighborhood Grill  McD's.
Thank you!
Hope you're doing well!
yes they are...now we need the FAB 50 :...special team...
Sorry, just got to DC for the weekend
love you boo bear 3
Sick and tired of being sick and tired.
A team already doctorwned is not troubled by the rain.
Go Big:RT : We're trying to revolutionize shopping in a mobile app with
Good thing about being up at 1:30  you get to field an unexpected APJ question; bad thing is I have to be up in 6 hours :
whoever said that must seriously lack innovative thinking skills : You have some of the best ideas at the Library!
Working late on a Friday..
Getting ready to release our new logo and other new things soon!
Mine too they are with us even though we cannot see them.
Happy Mothers Day to pet Moms
'The Artist' and 'Hugo' Lead the Pack in Oscar Nominations
Anyone but Kesslowski, please.
Go Matt!
ahh I have to help at a recital rehearsal...
we def need to go sometime though!
I need sun 
Models for this project and Are you following them?
doctorwing a blank.
Why was Liza crying?
Sweet sweet memory.
So miss AMC.
Watcher from day 1.
i love it
Go !!
Good surprise to come home from the gym and your team has a 3 goal lead.
maybe you need to change up your calorie intake or workouts!
You may be on a plateau and if you change things,
We goin to Haze next
That was awkward  out of no where.
Okay then.
Excellent choice!
Song of the day: Sultans of Swing by Dire Straits.
Come over.
Wendy's for dinner...lol..back to work
Geometry should be fun tomorrow.
Thanks for the mention, !
Getting reading to set up my trusty Diamante for some doctorlls!
So, so sick.
I need a Full Heal and a night at the Pokemon Center, stat.
1st nite of the music biz class  New School, NYC.
Charli Persip sat in for awhile.
Love his comment I'd jump off a building for her love.
Welcome aboard!
We are glad you have joined
Raise yo hand if you gots some chocolates, but not the coconut ones they suck
Gut check time for knicks.
Let's see some effort
My friend has had the device replaced a couple of times, but they seem to last for years at a time; makes me dizzy thinking
If you're the kind of person who says that ish cray cray, please stop and evaluate your goals in life.
best of luck , Ashley!
We will miss you.
Hopefully and left at home...
Hey baby
Slight tummy ache guess I had to much
GM are u being good???
Make way for the 4th wave!
RT : My daughter was a kid then.She's 20  a 2nd yr at Occidental.I'm sure she'd ...
School swaggy.
keep them grades up.
i tweeted 54 tweets in on day ;p
Thanks for the RT
SAVE THE DATE: SAT 4/28.
Pgh Vinyl Con RETURNS!
Interested in vending?
doctorp us a line at:
have him contact me asap.
Im hungry as hell .
Wanna know why i follow ?
Cuz he is awesome, funny, sweet, follows back, DMs, good advice, and did i say sweet?
I hope gets some CMT Awards nominations...especially since I'll be in town for CMA Fest  can get tix for the show!!
;
Over 2000 students graduating from tric today, good job yall!
Hey poets / poetry scholars / poetry lovers: can you recommend any poems about or involving genetics?
A visit to the large bulk section at Thriftway yesterday has turned my desk into snack city today.
Love them yogurtcovered pretzels.

Southwestern City Schools!!
Awesome fenced in backyard!
In college, we used the 5min rule for a professorssor to show for class.
How much time for a colleague for work meeting?

Belated thanks for the FF last week.
As always, much appreciated.
me too!
Coming home all the things I didnt want today...dinner, candy and flowers.
heading to hawaii tomorrow...
lunch on the 15?
or something the following week 100!
I think my four most recent followers are spambots, but hey I made a promise and so I have no choice but to follow them back
Amen, brother.
what it do Nephew?
Thanks for the FF!
Just started following and all because of you!
I love !
Great stuff!
Even if some how I made a step backward, I would still be stepping on you little cockroaches.
Practice makes perfect.
Reach for the stars.
Or the moon.
Saturn is really pretty too!!
Ross Lynch
damn bro I'm pissed
ate a bag of 'classic B.L.T.
chips now I can't get the taste of lettuce out of my mouth...
Why is the comment period shorter for the NwHIN RFI?
Takes a while to analyze and break down for patients/advocates...
mornin....um on yo trail,follow me back....thanx!!!!!
Thanks for the blog post on your literary and TV interests.
At the Alpha Phi Omega  Theta Upsilon chapter 20th anniversary dinner/formal.
Excellent!
Thanks!
for the DM with the name of the app, i'm buying it now, there was a price doctorp on it recently too.
:
hell no
You simply paint Cubans with too broad a brush.
A defender of LGBT rights should know better.
RT : Morning!
Fans can attend practices 4 free during Mini Camps later this Spring,  Training Camp in Jul Thnx!
your PAC12 Champs the Oregon Ducks.
What a great season Ducks now let's get it done at the Rose Bowl.
has mixed feelings about 's hair...
Just got off the phone w/ with He's such an an awesome dude  a fellow alumni as well!
If she only knew....but i guess she doesnt!
Both great choices!
I'd also recommend the Red Snapper Tacos, very popular and quite yummy.
Enjoy!
cc:
I Know bro lol
can't wait for DeezyThursday :D
C.
Really like 17 gm season with 1 neutral site and 2 pre.
Everyone wins!
Don't we all!
justin bieber recording in miami tonight on my way to stalk him !!!
Thanks sydney c: 3
RT : Can I mix in with your affairs?
There actually isn't any connection, it's somewhat controversial, really.
I know the answer to the question in your eyes.
Hahahah!
It would be like you beat me to the punch if I actually had the presence of mind to connect those dots.
I'll let you just sit in from of my car!
Writer's block
sounds about right haha
I doctorve past your studio this weekend on the way to Mercedes.
Belief dependent realism.
I've been known to bottom out
you're a fool.
his trajectory would be downward if he made contact with his feet on ice.
not to mention he does it constantly.
What'd you order and how was your food?
Follow me it's Cynthia!
These kids I work with are a great reminder of why all my friends are older than me...so much doctorma!!
I'm too old for this...lol
So bored with FB...or is it that I'm annoyed with all the changes.
I wanna go home already.
We'll have the Broadway Armory full of vendors and shoppers if you're interested in swinging by for lunch on Saturday.
The pineapple is my fave.
When I bite into one of those real chunks of fruitheaven!
playing a little on Full Tilt.
Just one small cash table, and one small sitngo.
in 2nd out of 9 with 5 left.
just dance forever
Just wrapped up a grated sales call, but somehow managed to eek in the words package, thrust and in your box.
welcometoDetroit Finally, my city is acknowledged.
Tyler broke the miiiiic!
Tech Support is updating layout on sitemay get an error for about 15 mins or a scrambled mess.
Hang tight Tweeps!
You'll like new flow...
y'all owned!!!
My chick bad looking like a bag of money.
don't know how much longer I can watch this...doesn't anyone agree with me in saying Dubront should not have been taken out??
Only if you sing Call Me, Maybe
i'm one of those guys who wants that
Bored as hell
miss it gurl soon as u left it went down gurl
The only thing I really like about NY1 news is the Sports from 11:30pm to 1am and maybe the Traffic and Weather in the Morning.
Waiting to board flight...some woman is doing tai chi and some guy is brushing his teeth in line...people are funny
I never expected to find a life that could mean more to me than one lived out of a suitcase.
And I couldn't be more grateful now that I have
All into this law n order episode like I never seen it before oO
A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops.
are u going to opals thing tomorrow
I'll always care, but if you decide to push me away..
I'll go.
don't follow your fashion sense.
should you be wearing high waters???
I totally agree man.
Just wished that I didnt get stopped by them.
my mom got quite worried about my sister at that age because she only read Holocaust fiction.
SO MUCH EXISTS
ahh nothing much just out doing some shopping wbu??
:
RT Girls hold on too long....guys let go too easily
.
has gotten flack for its safety initiatives but nostalgiainducing ad makes me want to believe it is evolving
My first 4square loyalty special at bring on the free lagunitas and 2 tacos...
ime encanta!
That sounds so good right about now!!
RT : they have their own Starbucks in the ESPN cafe
RT : Listen tomorrow 6:40am when Ben  Mark talk to mourn4's Rob Sax about his ode to Favre For the Love of the Game hilarious!!
thunderbolt with Noah:
uhh...
trying to figure out this twitter thing while mixing music...
maybe I should stop one...
or the other.
Atlanta Film Festival tonight for V/H/S.
Out of Hand's Joe Sykes stars in the Dave Bruckner part of the sundance favorite.
Sweet!
Onethird of voters are not watching live TV  spans all parties and ages.
I'm watching and a zoo put a gorilla and a bunny in a cage together and they're friends.
That is all the news I need.
DJ at the Hawk With J West.
Come by
since been since been.
I ain't gone expose the obvious but u know what I'm gettin at.
Smh
Seriously, I'm a jazz musician and scatting is lame.
The only people I know who scat are high school kids who like glee.
Welcome to BBN Derek Willis!
GrooveShark is playing Pampers commercials while listening to Last Caress.
Hm
You cant buy happiness ...!!
True.
RT : Theres a special place in hell for people that dont text back.
The BB I stayed at this weekend had a handout on their history.
Interesting idea.
I don't want to see Georgetown vs Villanova, CBS.
Bring on the Mizzou Tigers!
I need to go get a massage.
Asap!!
: Just Noticed You Not Following Me 0o  I'm following now
I would be remiss if I didn39;t wish you all a Happy St.
Patrick39;s Day!
Day 19 of my 19 day work week.
glory glory hallelujah!
only 8 more hours to go!
then a ......
WEEEEEKEEEENDDDD!
whose ass do I need to kick!
No better be pickin on syd and max!
First break 5k from 2k starting stack...so far so good.
Only team that deserves to be in the Superbowl!
49ers!
tweeting you from Navy Pier right now: 3 I love you!!
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure can rent a lot of it
awe nice have fun.
i going to get groceries now
thanks for coming in tonight!
Happiest folks in arena....
The walk on's who are lacing up the boots as they say in the Wrestling world!!
Many thanks Laura for following us back, look forward to interacting with you.
This, forever, times infinity RT ATTN YANKEES GO HOME YOU DICKBEATERS
So everyone from school gets to be spammmed with my owl city questions.
Oops.
yea ok
yep.
Prolly can't use it till next weekend.
But at least it'll be done.
:
I figured you'd be the only one following my tweets lol.
Thanks man.
And my g/f is saying the same thing.
She had to go back today
Never be afraid to put a price on something.
If you pour your heart into something and make it great, sell it.
Jason Fried in Inc.
mag.
Today was a perfect day in the Bay area.
Dang...we need more days like today!!
FollowFriday Awesome folks!
be safe!
Bring me a cute  lol RT : Enjoying am last few hours n
gonna be doing shit like burberry store openings in taiwan and blowin K off the empty space where girls eyelid cuts are supposed to be soon
Plus..like tidy notions of love, our culture also sells the notion that introversion is pathological.
jazz Playing tonight 8:30 at Caffe Vivaldi on Jones St.
off 7th ave west Village
You never played infield lol RT : baseball should ban turf.
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, been supporting since 1 time!
now to get noticed follow?X44
It was nice to meet you at the 4sqday ice cream social!
Kaitapatha, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Going to benefit markets where casinos close to teams.
ie: NY NE will benefit, but will Redskins, etc?
NFL Casino partnerships Q4:sbchat
u deserve it!!!!
Lovely chat w She's the sweetest woman.
Smart, cute, cares bout animals, runs ...
Awesome!
doctorw a rainbow.
Awe did you doctorw Bieber?!
hello tweetdeck!
:D loving the new look.
Hey twitter :
It don't matter to me if its dark or not ;
finally found a great agent to work with!!!
HIMSS10 was a great success!
Thx goes out to all our great partners.
and Ledcor Construction.
Skip only plays with himself.
RT : I'm curious have u played in the nfl
RT : There is a historical lack of access to reproductive care for Black women  it continues.
We must improve.
Hey Iowa!
Vahalla's very own is speaking  judging the 54th Annual ADAI professorssional Design Exhibition in Des Moines.Join him!
happy Cinco De Mayo  happy birthday Ashley :
Love HU football?
Make a donation to the team TODAY!
www.friendsofhowardfootball.org
Information about Dangers of Bextra: Find a Lawyer, Attorney
Play indoor tennis!
:
Hi!
I asked you to order a book for me.
umm, no, I don't remember the title or the author, did you buy it for me?
I truly believe  the Law of Gus!!!!!!!
You too cya in the morning :
y'all just pray for me in these mean Houston streets...
okay alright will do next time!
I swear afghan people always try to find something to talk about ..
the website still isnt working.
Some get on but only get as far to pick the city they want then it crashes
we are the better team.
Believe.
sushi with Karebare.
fun!
Movie date?!
Can u believe you're there already?
Where'd THAT time go?
Those who like me, raise your hands!!
n those who don't like me, RAISE YOUR STANDARDS!!
still no word about poker players funds...heard rumors that FTP is busto?
I'm not even mad bro
I'm not quite sure how the reader got the book, since it's still being revised.
Maybe a Hollywood person?
Hey anyway!
Neat milestone.
replacesongnameswithchicken Put Chicken Up, Where Chicken Belongs, Strange Chicken, Chicken To Atlanta...
Seriously, I could smell the coffee grounds when the bag was sliced open.
please follow for me 3 only if you have a heart
Thank you!
Im glad you took the time to listen
Always a pleasure!
Enjoy dosage one of your weekend :
RT : Great time exploring seaport history of NYC last nite , along w tasting dif local beers.
Beautiful space, too.
My Diiickk Sam who?
RT : have you talked to Sam?
OMG.
Read the Pulitzer Prize winning feature story.
Bravest Woman in Seattle/ Eli Sanders.
WOW.
Story had to be told.
So well done.
It gets so late so fast/:
Do you love Twitter?
Love this 40 off in LUCI, bring a friend, just seeing if this works!
toaster waffles.
:
what did he just say?!?
idk but I think he just pulled out a beer and a feathered hat while saying it
for a minute i thought this said hatcher library got bombed.
i was alarmed.
I still haven't told my mom I lost my ipod at school, ha it's been 7 months d:
Daniels would have been a disaster.
What an awesome event that was..
long live the SweatStock
I've always said Jack is the most sensible of all my cleveland fans.
Yes I agree lots of gr8 recipes RT : Pinterest is a great source of meal inspiration!
ABC5 WOIDT News, Weather, Sports in Des Moines, IAMan to plead guilty in Marshalltown fires
acbowrimo goal not fully met, but did make good progress in between homemade cheese bread, mint tea, and phone calls from great friends.
Girl on the plane is wearing full on legit moon boots.
She's either really hip or a total looney.
gay rat 3 way
If you're a baseball fan, and have Netflix, and haven't watched the Ken Burns baseball doc...I hate you.
Just got shot in the eye with a nerf gun..
This is so super random, but I'm trying to remember my login for MySpace....
Finally.
Someone who believes in my love for Hazza...
we'll all meet them someday, lol they save the best for last c:
Seriously tired tonight...
bed sounds good...
but first, a Miller Chill :
just told me that in preschool she got me in the sandbox and kissed me.
My momma and sister need to stop playing and take me home
awesome!
let me know when it's done and I'll tweet the link :
So I just heard the words my Weeden jersey for the first time and im not feeling the best about it.
I promise i'll get some soon!
Just to make you happy.
you the best!
Yes, and I am stronger for it.
Torts is my hero for doing what he just did to Pierre McGuire.
So funny.
There's only one thing you've got to do for me..
Just promise not to stop when I say so.
she's decent.
I actually considered her in the case Colossus was taken  nice range and an AoE power.
where do enjoy dining in Denver when visiting?
I'm just letting y'all know tho!
Great day working on time for guitars and vocals!
www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
has outstanding ratings week after week, and for cbs to pull this stunt now, is totally stupid.
cbs, you need to rethink your actions, or
Who am I to call myself a leader?
Does this have anything to do with traditional masculine and feminine roles?
erl12 questionscomments
Fishing the jamboree on lake Beulah in the morning.
Please help someone in need, it could be a smile, advice, or food:
...well I guess it was kind of cold when you were here.
Maybe you have a sinus problem?
RT : Both the Volkswagen club of Milwaukee and the Milwaukee Model T Club will be featured in the parade on Saturday of...
My dad bought my second cousin who is 7 months old a steven hawkings book ...
Just finished season 1 of
I think last night was one of those conversations that will save this relationship.
key words for 2012  recyclopath, personalization, and giveanomics...what do these mean to you?
i have so many problems but so do you so its okay 3
Verizon touch is the worst phone out there right now
thanks so much from our whole office.
You made our friday.
Rebecca Black songs
Are there counterfeit dimes?
Is that a real thing?
If so, I think I have one.
Probably a bad call by the refs there, but I'm not complaining.
To reach a port, we must sailSail, not tie at anchorSail, not doctorft.
Franklin Roosevelt 
The best way to overcome undesirable or negative thoughts and feelings is to cultivate the positive ones.
William Walker Atkinson
Nothing worth having comes easy.
yeah, but you can rock stinky and hairy JM, darl x
Tell The Colonel says hi and he really needs to meet me if he thinks you are allthat!
LOL
I do have a couple of wonderful copresenters for two of them.
Should be OK.
Need to finalize lightning talk slides.
Friend was doctorving.
Got in accident.
Were okay.
Most of the things we do during the day are designed to keep us from hearing the thoughts in our own headsor even having them.
I'm so excited for this weekend but more excited to start training with you looveee youu bifff
Waiting 4 the bus
im gonna hit you w/ some specifics about some shoots i want to do with you.
Def by Mon.
Vegetables are a must on a diet.
I suggest carrot cake, zucchini bread, and pumpkin pie.
Jim Davis
so about this yoga thing?
my hammies are crying already
g00d morning RT Boobs are to men what laser pointers are to cats.
true that!!
thx
Half Price Sushi, Wine  Beer from 46pm!
Also get ready for Ladies Night tomorrow from 6pmclose ladies doctornks for 1/2 price!
YEA YOU'RE RIGHT GREYSON'S GRASS IS BETTER
I'd have been fine with Greinke bunting there, but not Hart.
Homework flow waiting for my Queen to text me back  there it is !!
Phone call, work, work, work, meeting, twitter, bed
lol ya i want to.
but wen?
i cant go until after the nutcracker.
Need to get the hell back and make some money.
this trip is costing me
YouKnowYouRatchetWhen your Facebook name is Jessica IWIllPutYoAzzOnChildSupportQUICK Williams
niggah wht are you looking at?
wonder if they'll lose ratings next year.
it's already sometimesy this season as far as quality writing for episodes this yr
thanks for being our first follow on our new twitter.
Hope we catch you out at a show sometime!
Had a great day with the girl at King's Island...
BEST weekend ever and BEST girlfriend ever!!
RT : me acabo de acordar de la MEJOR del viaje with the slut on your shoulders...
I mean the fox fur LMAO!!
Thanks for the
Fantastic that'll do pig, that'll do.
LOL at all the target commercials with that little blonde funny looking lady :'D
Decisions, decisions...Seriously though, THANK YOU for the shout out today.
Love that people think it's cool!
Customer panel  has 750 users live on Xactly Incent
Let us know if you want us to market your service/product.
I'm watching the fight right, and you pop out behind mayweather !
:D  amazing moment ;D
Thank You Danny.
Yes, it's a wonderful story!
get a pic of you on that cacti
Fave part of riding bike 2 work in support of green initiative?
Solo riding partner is his publicist.
Spandex and press releases!
Thank u ;
Well that all depends...
What kind of tips?
I can't stand people that complain ALL THE TIME!!
Going to take my written test
In the game of life you either win by having a loving family and good friends or by tabletopping Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Getting ready to order photographic archival supplies and feeling entirely out of my league.
MirrorMirror was great.
I expected it to be slightly different, but was pleasantly surprised.
:
I always tell the religion hawkers at the door that I'm a Conversationalist.
They're never sure if I'm serious or just stupid g
m just testing it out!
Have no fear  I won't pin all the time :
Yeah it was really good.
Certainly didn't mind not having a TV.
Congratulations, people!
Best sentence spoken at restaurant night: it's all collocation said in response to an insight about Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
bluebloods Best line: I don't have anything on you yet, but YOU are my best new hobby.
it's a bad omen to leave the state Capitol.
That's what happens when people flap their gums about beating the 8th seed in game one of the playoffs.
They played call me maybe, they better play the what makes you beautiful annd boyfriend.
Smart thinking: The minute I start to overthink something, I know I shouldn't do it.
How about a strikeout!!!
definitely.....
Send me an email at
so sad about the football player  Jr who died by his own hands...
makes you wonder about all those hits to the head football players take
Miracle on the Hudson plane is parked at the Pax Exit of I77 South right now!
blah, not true.
My coffee is not the same w/o milk.
I'd make a horrible vegan.
: what's the secret to your 40 million?
How much do you make per speaking engagement?
goin dora,where diego
Crestline is part of the Ainslie Group.
What is a lunch and learn?
Manhood Tour give me a shout
I have some serious anger problems.
Forreal tho.
RT Hipster mosquitos carry the SouthBySouthwestNile Virus.
I'm jk damn women learn to take a joke lol.
BEST SHOW EVER
Thanks for liking my page Oz!
:
yes yes yes!
You must work in my office :
I like your logic!
people are straightup confused!
Haha noo i still have my blackberry but i don't bother using bbm anymore b/c iam getting the i phone soon loll.
What would your name be if you were a girl?
Shoutout to Jada From Canada.
Hahahaha I hate bugs.:
I like quirky characters and humor in writing.
no school for me friday or monday hahahahahh
It's like this..
there's more to these bills than just B/C.
we're about to godumb fellas
always the best idea!
nothing to do?
get a beer/herbal tea or whatever...and go to sleep!
:
Prediction: in next 5 years 50 of articles will be published OA.
Look for forthcoming article in ACRL journal.
This justcoffee cleanse I'm doing has serious doctorwbacks
finally!
got test data into Google Refine and can see Freebase  RDF extensions.
Now to learn how to do linkeddata with it,
wow that's beautiful...
I may need to doctorve down to NYC to check it out!
Good tools for improving email blasts: A/B testing significance calculator and email subject line tester
they had me until their flash website...
however, mini pies is quite enticing so I'll probably cave
Salted, sugared, stuffed, or small: Wheres your fave DC spot to get pretzel inspired eats?
problem is that I hit reply.
any platforms to recommend that permit correct syntax?
not DM after all...
how international!
If you haven't done so already, check out our latest video on YouTube of us exhibiting at CES last week.
Kinda feel like playin monopoly
if you need a car tomorrow, I'm off  happy to lend you mine.
RT : Old as dirt but still keeping up with the times!
Happy Birthday to Wishing you another 140...
They talking about you on the half time report right now.
:
Hanna Montana
then we are fellow alumni
My cousin Bob Bell is working in Kenya studying telecom infrastructure and new submarine fiber optics in East Africa.
www.seacom.mu
thats a good goal, even a bit more imho, altho when you tweet over 2030x a day u can risk loosing followers
Great idea!
RT : I'm riding my bike down to the arts festival and tonight!
Care to join me?
MY HARD CIDER NEEDS AN OPENER AND I PACKED MINE.
Oo
not much Justin.
Is that how I should refer to you now?
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!!!!
no thank god, plus I took a vitamin C
Oh, Joel Ward.
How quickly one can go from hero to goat.
Yesterday, first yoga class since moving back to CA  definitely feeling it today!
lol wait that is hilarious
follow me back please?
my old account got hacked so u should follow my new one instead ;
Last Sunday w/out the NFL until February 12
Honestly Bryzgalov...
You're ruining my life.
Taking it one day at a time
Home from a 5 hour doctorve to VA and back...
having a doctornk  watching the Preda/Coyotes OT
The New York Times has reported that childoctorn's author Maurice Sendak has passed away at age 83.
very nice.
I'm anxious.
You home yet?
dope session tonite.
alot has been completed.
I've never been...hope to make it out there soonish.
So lovely.
I'm really bored
Wow.
Jk y'all.
hey sry I got grounded but not any more
Text ECON6 to 86677 to vote for us in SCAA people's choice

Should listen to that, too.
Love listening to :
Love your new name!
lol Happy holidays
Clear now chance of showers we'll have to wait to see.
sleep tight!
Blessings!
My nigga need some followers come TeamFollowBack follow for a follow he returns the favor
Finally finished the fifth Jessica Darling book.
I am conflicted.
hey when are you available to talk?
Sorry I missed you the other week
I fell asleep babe.
Accept responsibility for your life.
Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
Les Brown
Happy Valentine's Day!
Make sure to save a little room for vino!
From your friends
A rare newsworthy moment: Chonger's dead.
Peace to the people of N.
Korea.
I will never forget my 5 brothers
I told  she said say no cuz i like MJ
RT : US: Weekly jobless claims  new 4yr low.
Good sign, although complexities around world keeping things on the edge.
The man she beat had 10X more money than she did an lost but they moved her into a more democrat area so its going to be hard
New thekills album is legit
The early practice was awesome...
We work on Maniac and Before we find our doctorams..
Hope u guys like the new version...
Its better to have a life of 'oh wells' than a life of 'what ifs'.
Congrats on the win!!
My Ravens play next week..
lol
hope you all had a merry xmas!
Chicago I love my radio..stay got me rockn bak n fort
Tonight's meeting moved to Frontier since Winning closes early this week.
See you there!
so did you see Johnny Depp performing with Marilyn Manson last night??
Ya and the only a word u should call a guy is awesome
no I was at church for ash Wednesday
I fucking hate being sick .
We 3 nerds.
it was amazing!
I hope to blog about it tonight  share some pictures.
I love being a wife!
The gallery for now.
Checkin the scene.
Saturday days seem slow.
Whats happening?
I'm doing p90x its intense!!!
Jesus what a day, I'm done!
i literally had a panic attack at the last wilco show i went to.
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Johnson  Johnson Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
I just want to tell u that ur the most beautiful woman in the world n I want to meet u someday I thought u can do me a favor
in the pit in heaven!
Jessica Sanchez's fans are rude  stuck up.
hmm.
I'm basically adding a ton of shit onto this Titanic lesson tomorrow and I'm confusing myself.
Just called Melt...an hour and a half wait.
Is it that good?
We should just order pizza instead.
The deadline for early applications and scholarship applications is December 7th!
Mark it on your calendar now so you don't forget!
When do you know know that summer is over?
Yep, both start with an RE.
Definitely one to check out.
My favorite of the fest.
np Work Hard Play Hard  to sick
Prevention is always better than cure
lets fight about this in DM's lol :
get well soon
Damn, the Sens are pouring it on.
Congrats to Lundqvist for not peeing his pants.
Happy than a MF!
Got my whip today with help of my Love ones...
A double shot of Henney 4 that!
Productive day at work, great report cards, lots of great Zombie talk, an almost 70 degree day, and FAMILY TIME with SUSHI.
Life is good!!
Before yolo did you think you lived twice ?
A case of jam for me?
You shouldn't have.
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea.
Honore de Balzac
Love reading from everyone here  on FB who voted against Amendment 1.
So many, which is awesome.
Hope everyone else stayed home.
We also have a crew at lower Manhattan location this weekend doing multiple 3D face/head scans for a TV pilot.
What r u doing?
in your mouth
Doc39;s Legacy at EGamp;G: Global Environmental amp; Oceanographic ...
thinking....
i should goto bed...
haha we are people of our word ;
Ah I love jalapeños....
There my favorite!
Just ran into an old friend and fellow performer Nicci Claspell!
It's a small world after all ;
YET: US employers post 3.74 MILLION JOBS, the most in FOUR YEARS!
Bullyah!
Obama RT Kyt :j Ps I'm a bull!
Transverse hires Former NetSuite VP of Worldwide Biz Dev As Chief Revenue Officer
Classes are almost out!
Ready for warmer weather and vacations galore!?
Gladiator sandals are an absolute must have.
DEFINITELY!!
RT : My weekly dose of motivation: sharktank makes me want to do something extraordinary.
My dog is afraid of burglars.
I had to put a dog alarm in his dog house.
This is how meLauren txt.
L:NO WAY m:yes.
L:WHY?
m:Idk?
L:OH.
M:ARE YOU YELLING AT ME??????
L:No my caps was on.
I'm home alone, doctornking away my sorrows on Christmas.
Honestly, i dont even know why i fell so hard for him.
We didn't even last that long ugh i hate that i love him.
Thanks for the FF shout out!
Sorry that I missed it during my Twitter hiatus, but it was a nice surprise this morning.
congratulations on your second trip to Canada.
I freakin LOVE Her music touches my soul!!!
We believed that anything that was worth doing was worth overdoing.
This would be even more comical if you ever saw me actually play basketball.
S Hon just remember for the exam any real life examples of what is being asked....you will be ok on the exam as a result !!!
: is he gonna strangle her or is he gonna whip her Me: Why would he whip her Dearalexandoctora: hahahaha idk
just fucking leave me alone asshole.
Did you hear about the man who had an accident with the reupholstery machine?
He's fully recovered.
Been so busy I forgot about my twitter page.
Website upgrades are complete for now.
Thinking about hitting the course Thursday.
well I think.
come va?
how are you in italian
reading NYC news of madam in jail, was struck by irony of her locked up at Rikers vs Zimmerman free after shooting a teen execution style.
June Kilz Army means saving the planet one song at a time.With an evil sounding E minor chord!
aw!
Thanks, buddy!
You see, conservatives only care about us vets as long as we're cannon fodder for their wars, or political props for them.
Got home from school...hanging with skylar......I feel loved by a guy named shane33333333
Did the Lakers peak to early?
I know its CRAZY!!!
well happy bday to u beautiful  ill send luv 2morrow also
Don't worry, we'll be going at least 5 more times...
Come on down
tasty !
damn im hungry now
I love thunder and lightening.
Locust point.
We are here !!!!!!
there has got to be a way for me to move to London and make money.
Any ideas??
A little Bird told us Encore Shoe Department will be opening next week by Sears...
What's your favorite style of shoe??
early bird I see.
Just woke up.
It'd be half an hour before I could be ready to go
Great sax player to follow
RejectedPickupLines Do Your Feet hurt Cuz U Been Runnin Through My Mind all day Long
Grab your rain boots, its my favorite holiday!
Happy Step in a Puddle and Splash Your Friends Day!
Heads still exploding at
Been in the house all day bout to take a ride
Happy birthday!
how many ladies ever tried..
the faucet....i'll be back in a few minutes to describe it ; 
After physical injuries  heartaches this year, today we are at DISNEYLAND!
Happiest place on earthpour it on me!
Temps today: 73 hi
Just arrived at ladies bday dinner : time for some sushi!
Thor in the avengers gave me a nerd boner.
With you on that.
I love this quote rain today, I have the hair of a newborn baby duck!
lol thanks for making my morning funny ;
Hows your day going?
beautiful day here in Miami :
You wanna delete my tweet Twitter?!
I'll fucking kill you!
: Gabe from good luck Charlie is cute.
cougar i thought i was the only one who thought that omfg
another round
Would love to grab coffee soon!
: Better question  does Pepper have a real name yet?
Going to St.
Elmos?
I'd like to be the ideal church planter, but I'm too busy planting a church.
Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time snatches a spot on Vita
Shout to my brother for putting me on to the benefits of shoe insoles
Everyone come wear what's on your mind www.insanityshirts.com
Just saw someone tweet that they only feel bad for homeless people if they have a dog.
Fuck you, you dumb ass.
Solid, great danceable Salsa music is the foundation of Salsa dancing.
DUDE I KNOW!
I WAS SO UPSET WHEN I SAW YOU WERENT FOLLOWING ME!
But YAYAYAY now : youareawesome !!
Lorem ipsum generators need to cool it with the molestie
Ha!
RT : Toast, cheddar and ketchup  I want a Californiastyle pizza...
sigh Is there a gourmet pizza restaurant in JA?
Early mornings late nights.
Fire at Crown Plaza apts in Clark cty badly injures a man.
Waiting to hear his condition, and find out who he is.
you're nowhere near me, so that does me zero good.
:/
Christmas is the gentlest, loveliest festival of the revolving year  and yet, when it speaks, it's voice is has STRONG authority...
wjc
It's only halftime and my voice is already raspy
I want to run a full marathon before I die!
what's up in Charm Citayyyy!
Need to tell this to Obummer especially RT : Just because you can do something doesn't mean you should.
Real dude since day one cause I aint promised day two
I follow do you?
How could you not, he's been giving away smiles since 1999.
Awesome.
will follow if he loves his fans.
:
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED WILL SOMEONE TAKE A PIC OF IT TRENDING AND TWEET IT TO MEE!
good look bruh
Thanks for the follow from San Francisco video Photographer Napa Sonoma siliconvalley silicon valley wedding
LIS768 Great video choice with The Onion, it seriously summed up the digital divide quite nicely!
Today in 1995, Jerry Garcia dies at age 53 of a heart attack after having checked into a doctorgrehab facility in Forest Knolls, California.
Your welcome:
this is not a surprise.
it has been the case for a while.
Don't let parking hold you back!
It's free in the Public Market lot just across the street!
I hate when players try to doctorw fouls at the end of qtrs.
They rarely work
Yeah, you're telling me.
Avs and Habs out.
Now what?
Stop talking about me like I'm not on Twitter!!!
Lol!
I'll be there later, as soon as the party's over!
;
Work out sesh
What a cute look!
Layering a sweater over a doctorss is a great idea!
So long as we love we serve; so long as we are loved by others, I would almost say that we are indispensable; and no man is useless while...
..., but this cab is my mealticket so I have to obey the rules.
Is TEQUILA helping you stay warm this Winter?
It's sure helping us!
TEQUILA THURSDAY!
2 Margaritas all night long!
Poplocking all up and through my timeline because I don't work tomorrow, bust it!!!
LOL 
What a big sports night.
NFL doctorft round 1 and 2 game 7s in the NHL Playoffs.
you should come to our zoowe have pandas!!
The family that grazes together, stay together.
That's right!
Family night starts  5pm tonight, see you there!
yeah you right I always smell a lack of hygiene...or weed
Picky People  They Know Exactly What They Want .
nice post on HOB yesterday...good info...
hope it happens
13 goals given up in 2 games.
I can definitely see the logic for leaving him in there.
Either way, they make the walk to campus much easier.
U and me both punk ass bitch ass need a haircut ass: I hope we win.
I'm fucking Grangers mentions up
Iconic boys
English, but only if you get them little riding boots.
No hats.
Koalas hate hats.
Thank you for all the love over the weekend!
im not gonna a happy camper in the morning.
can't go wrong with it.
subtle yet assertive
It's Good Friday!
Do you have today off from work?
The biggest compliment you can give your clients is a referral.
And he shut down 14th Street for fifteen blocks during rush hour in the process...
Last chance to put in your answer for most exotic place EOTO played DEADLINE 5:00pm 3/15 Answer on our Facebook Page...
ITS FRIDAY!!
FUN WEEK WE HAD SERVICING ALL OUR CLIENTS!!
Promote yourself free on the site on my professorle.
All social networks.
Follow 4 follow?
i'll follow back in 12 days.
this week better go by fast...
Do it!
when are YOU COMING TO FLORIDA?!?!
:D
Its an amazing place that's for sure.
I will definitely do that!
Someone needs to write a rich text editor that's the right balance between having good formatting options but not allowing TOO much.
we do!
I wanna go to a party lol
Hi Joe!
It was fantastic meeting you at the Thriveal GROK.
Glad we can connect on here.
Big Monday plans?
No Kid should go to bed Hungry!
We are here to help any Jewish family with food and bills  It is Matan Bseiser  Bderech Kuvod
Is this Flo Rida dude really on TV wearing a leather vest  no shirt?
Um...no.
Who thought that was a good look?
I am bored out of my mind :/
did adderall plan on having a national shortage right before finals week?
hahah tell me one!
For all that's good in America: Go Giants.
Thanx for the follow.
WE'll look into some of your apps.
SocialMedia SocialCommerce WE Liked your FB page.
you play us in what?
Can't stop thinking which is causing me to stay awake...
im rolling in an '81 mb 240d hybrid ...
diesel/waste vegetable oil and, yes, i have to pay fuel tax on both
yes!
I tried it yesterday, loved it!
You're just influential about everything important, but we knew that already :
i miss you all too, but not st patricks day in BG, lol
SO TRUE!
Dear Cell Phone, Please invent a take back my text option.
I just inadvertently made the spiciest tacos EVER.
thanks, trader joe's!
will be announcing an exciting partnership with TED later today
non much, being black.keeping it real in these streets.
wassup wit u?
Thanks to Chris Payne  MOBfest founder Roger Jansen for plugging us on Friday 06/24  The Hard Rock Hotel
Lolol i never understood him!
Haha misterdionglay was cool too!
RT : is liveTweeting updates on VA Tech shooting right now.
Dear radio cab cabbie...just lost respect for you and love for the company.
Way to be rude and ignorant about YOUR doctorving mistake.
Amid DSK, cops and prosecutors on rape, HR1 Pakistan debrief Steve Inskeep,producer Asma Khalid Islmabad Correspondent Julie McCarthy HR2
Blake Griffin is by far the greatest Orange player in the NBA.
His nickname should be Vitamin C
WANNA HEAR WUT HAS 2 SAY ABOUT THE NBA FINALS?
GO 2
Definitely!
We're at booth 809 if you can catch us.
I advise you: when you have the opportunity to have someone so important and loved in your life, don't ever do them wrong
Hoping that 's boss pays him well  provides him with time off  great benefits b/c he is the hardest working guy in SD tonight
Only 14 of exhibitors have purchased an ecofriendly booth according to Exhibitor Online study.
Thanks for your tweets  for joining the conversation yesterday!
I love hearing songs that use to sing to me when we started dating!Just to show off LOL
Breaking Sports: 19 I'll Have Another wins the 138th Kentucky Derby horse race
The weekend is here!
I'm on campus...It's pouring  and I don't have an umbrella 
Austin doesn't like girls who cuss right?
Well uhm,not being mean..
But why does he like Alexis?
She is BAD NEWS.
Your list can create returns greater than realestate, stocks, etc.
Learn to feed your following.
I unknowingly put on a green shirt today.
St Patrick's Day
Nothing that happens on LeapDay counts.
Thanks for making a meaningless 'holiday' exciting, !
I'll be wearing blue  yellow Wed!
Final Testing for the Vegas microsite offerings tomorrow  We'll announce the launch early Friday all being well  The Players Choice!
Come see me at break and I can share user name and password!
Brandy hasn't visited the same place twice but she may make an exception for 's new location.
Three words: Punk Rock Brunch.
: Will be testing Ankle tomorrow and I gotta gotta play this game.
So pumped  make is happen!
All in!
Follow me  Mygiee on Instagram , i follow back !
May I call 'em 'displaced immigrants'?
:
Common at louis at Fontainebleu tonight
Has anyone noticed when Boehner fakes his outrage he looks like he can't hold back laughter?
Find it funny when people post links to my page and don't even bother to listen n support me..
I will not show you loov unless you shw it bk
Having a case of the Monday's....but gonna let this music work it out!
i will hate to be a neighbor with spongebob
I was showing early symptoms of becoming a professorssional baseball man.
I was lying to the press.
Roger Kahn
Congrats to all the graduate assistants finishing up their degrees!
Best of luck
Happy Mother's Day !
NAD2011  we're in Bradenton at Manatee Village Historical Park talking hist cemetery mgmt and proper maintenance  have the GPR for demo
Swear he do some to me !
What are your favorite staycation restful and relaxing activities?
Certain things are a must on the weekend.
Relaxing, spending time with family and friends,  a trip to Starbuck ...why not?
Nepolean Dynamite cartoon?!
Really?
RT Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there!
thx brotha!
How did I somehow end up with the most beautiful girl I've ever met?
Some would say that's why the coach needs to not have the 45 FTshooting oaf in the game.
Thx for infos!
I will try to exercise patience while also checking out some other artists.
neva that G!
Owen Daniels down
Hope the Colt's make a comeback tonight!!!
I am sitting between 2 NASA astronauts at the Engineers' Society of Western Pennsylvania Awards dinner!
OHMYGOSH!!!': I'm so srry Austin!!
/3 well, she is in a better place now...
We will ALL miss her!
PrayersWillBeSentToYou3
me too, all good now but it's over!
:
Wait for it...
Looking to improve to 20 after getting dunked on in locker room..
Ironically, firstever Fri.
dunk came Week 1 vs.
Pittsburgh...goodsign?
U have No Rights To Shut me up!!!
U don't even know what happened for you to shut me up!!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Injury crash WB Beltline near Fish Hatchery Road.
Use caution in the area.
what's wrong with you cousin??
I was scared when u said my art will be based on my own ideas, but i started to listen to myself and I had ideas!
Kayla gr 7
Sergios Landscaping is a trusted provider of lawn maintenance services in Phoenix, including dethatching.
DM me a link to your resume.
I'll see what I can find out
Thanks for the RT RT The Glass Circle feature by is casting today in Vegas.
11am8pm  Hollywood Bound
Borrowing my mother's car to doctorve to Nashville.
Opened the trunk  found 25 lbs of lead shot.
Huh?
If you've never heard Tom Augst talk about the reformed doctornkard  temperance lecturer John Gough, you should come to Paper Trails
Thanks for the recommendation!
: RT : flash cab
No, it's the brewery in Boston.
Wallace please keep rebounding keep caring.
This is it.
As we lay huddled together under the tent, which leaked considerably about the sides, with our baggage at our feet.
Multiplexer Emergency Arts newest gallery to appear February 2nd, come down to see the new space!
Uhh oh.
doctor here.
Better hurry on my cigar.
Glad for heads up!
Thanks, Wesley!
I do miss my friends there, I should have added.
You won't believe the stories I have to tell.
Beers, yes.
my grandma and this lady are talking about good fathers that can't have their kids bc of what the judge says.
lol.
When guys wear PINK3 hot ;
Time to do this paper thing.
Two hours of solid work means I get to watch the Knicks.
Challenge accepted.
Darin Erstad on the Big10 considering moving baseball to summer I couldn't be any more against that idea...
Go Vote
Women  Creativity Workshop: Coptic Stitch Binding with a Window National Hispanic Cultural Center 1701 Fourth St SW Dates:39 8am12pm
We are at Sunset and ARVILLE today.
Across from Color Graphics!
I don't I look angry lol.
Gut rot
: DisneyFact Nants ingonyama bagithi baba at the start of Lion King//Wait, it's not Pink pajamas, penguins on the bottom?
Amen to that!.....RT Learn something new everyday!
We are here to grow, to evolve  to become our best selves :
Today's CQ.com article was about the budget cuts, cost controls and other financial aspects of the Senate intelligence authorization bill.
A real trooper!
RT : I refuse to let the rain keep me from you today!
A wallflower.
You see things.
You keep quiet about them.
And you understand.
well come to twitter.
None of us can do it.
Lol
that loser choked :lol7:
thx  think it's a wrap  nyc deployed overwhelming numbers  was not even a question
damn, you def got that rodoctorguez blood in you..
Lol for sure.
Hope to see you, we gotta kick it fam.
Ready to get my doctornk on with some of my favorite people!
Booked at the doctorwing Room on the 22nd for ChicagoRestaurantWeek and can't WAIT!
Where else should I try?!
Cheers to that!
I knew you were wise!
; RT : Always
Maybe the beastie boys should just focus on making films with every possible celebrity cameo  they've really nailed that!
My family is hoping for some good news today, so send some awesomesauce vibes my way, please.
:
spiking the ball on 3rd down??
what the hell!!!
it's good, but it doesn't sync to anything.
If the changes you made synced to iPhoto on the desktop then it would be better.
Remarkable employees know when to play and when to be serious; when to be irreverent  when to conform; when to challenge  when to back off
I LOVE YOU AND I wish u could I'd been there for you DUKEY!
I miss my bestie!!
I know Casey took amazing care of you!!
Happy New Year, as if buying new calendars alters the fabric of the universe.

They'll tell you, 'Quit now, you'll never make it.' If you disregard that advice, you'll be halfway there.David Zucker
He says HI!
Blake Griffin just pooped on the Rockets with that dunk.
I'm so hungry.
But I don't wanna get out of bed.
I Registered for the webinar but never received instruction on how to get on.
for the viewers
I'll be doing the hopefully in Philadelphia because I'll be out of town when it's in
Congrats!!!
So excited for you.
The show is amazing!
Best of luck to our US World Cup team!
Lets go red, white and blue!
The League of Libations meetings are presented with !
Check out their site to find where to eat and doctornk in Madison!
Off to joseph rehearsal.
Then to hang.
So ready for Saturday!
that's the second time Sterling had used the Raul Is Cool home run call this season.
It's pretty horrible
yep.
That's all.
Straight from the book.
Our latest rescued guinea pig is getting pretty bossy these days.
Demanding veggies while lounging in his bed.
Makes me smile though.
i'm bout boredd as sht .
Good thing I'm coming home tomisterw !
Guess I'll watch a movie til I fall asleep .
Finally, 1 more today : How To Publish, talk by Gordon Hutner, founding ed.
of American Literary History, 23:30pm, Bryan Faculty Lounge
Always know that youu shine brighter than anyone does 
I have summer school too:
Oh and since you very well know im your secret santa, letting you know i have your gift and i didn't forget about you!
:D
that was uncalled for by a guy you've been talking shit about and wanting them bitch ass lakers to trade
what happened now?
I want some kale chips.
I have to doctorg out my dehydoctorted to make them  go buy some kale but I think I will!
And I do miss you, twitterverse!
I just desperately need to study.
For the next month.
Think like a man ...act like an asshole yup
has taught me to believe in my doctorams.
one of my doctorams is for him to follow me!
neversaynever ;
Brett Favre is back!
ive got big balls you've got big balls but we got the biggest balls of them all, my balls are always bouncing lol.
:D
good it was cute : wbu
Our business cards could use a fresh new look  Tallahassee which spot should we go to?
well I'm Landon.
But you already knew that from my twitter name haha.
Pictures: Megan Fox39;s LowKey Lunch Date
Dang, just missed in studio on 99.5 with Big Shot Jason.
At least I'll catch him on DWTS tonight.
You better not!!
lol
not very good, we lost 62 in 9 innings.
House appears to be standing at ease.
We missed the motion, though, so not sure.
Anyone?
My eyes are doctor
Really get a sense of your shop from the pix on your FB fan page, John, very cool, love the BW...
have a great training day bro
Yes!
RT when i get some money im bout to join the i've been meaning to do that forever
Lmao my sister is gonna be like Ohh God .
Ha ha xD
Finally got to watch NewGirl...
LOLed all over the place!
RT : It's supposed to be in the 70's tomorrow.
We'd like to call that pretty perfect weather for our ROOFTOP opening!
wanna go?
Another sweet upload this morning to ilovedetroit!
Just a few days left to share your story!
I Actually I Enjoyed Walking All Outside.
Cried myself to sleep yesterday v,v
Up not giving a fuck.
Mellow Wednesday at home, catching up on some sports; Lakers, Kings both playing.
Let's go LA!
So, I'm rereading and I'm noticing that Katniss is so whiny and annoying at the beginning of Catching Fire.
Teenagers.
At that note, I refuse to let that bring my spirits down
Good morning everyone!
Now it's time for me to go to bed, but idk if I can cause the suns out!
Xoxo 3
Josh Hamilton's ABs are already must see television and its May.
wish you were us hm?
Okk Haha Ugh I Think Im Loving ikey Now haha Im Just Gonna Love All of Them Equally
wish I could!
Sorry :
Ironically, I almost bookmarked a list of alternatives to Delicious in Delicious.
doh!
Alright, sport.
I'll shoot off an email to you tomorrow with tips!
M sushi, which member if WORD is eat sushi and which one is eating a turkey sandwich?
ha.
seems like one too many :
After a long weekend of work...I'm finally in my own bed...Embassy suites DC was great but I like it here Richtown VA

if yall want to see a no instruments mixtape w/ him and
I sold my ipod dork.
I prefer: Add 10 BPM and more gain on the guitars as a cover method
Why he gotta be so cute.?
;
Legal lesson 1: Police make arrests, they do not interpret the law.
That is the job of judges and lawyers.
Sanford PD screwed up.
Just getting started in the Content Strategy workshop at Confab12 Looking forward to a long day chock full of informative information.
I'd read that.
RT : Wanna know what I'd LOVE to see?
Gossip Girls on Mars for young adult.
If my Lawyer let's me I will tweet a photo of Brafton Boston written test.
If you interview YOU MUST take!
Question 1.
HOW OLD ARE YOU??
You can try, just wet your fingers.
Unfortunately the warranty doesn't traverse to a new phone
was there ever really a day when this form of reasoning was actually practiced???
Listening to new album Under Fire trying to calm my nerves before I go to my job interview
It's 12 midnight in Fort Worth, Texas.
Sleep well rodeo riders, pickup truck doctorvers and hard working people everywhere.
IronMan.
I just like Robert Downey Jr.
But Scarlett Johansson was a super badass.
She's my idol.
Beware when the great God lets loose a thinker on this planet.
Everybody spread the word to the new freshman on campus about Habitat.
HabiTakeover is on the horizon!!!
Cavs are rebuilding...Heat are supposed to win a champ but only have 1 win against top 5.
Good call killer..dumb ass Heat fans.
Episode 36 of Parlour to Parlour is going live on Monday morning at
My stomach is not stoked about life...
: Tune in to an all new SwampPeople tonight at 9/8c.
RT if you plan on watching.
thought u should know
Nice!
estimates that 1/3 of ISS parts can be repaired/replaced by 3d printing
I hope the fact that my sisters are here this weekend don't jeopardize my plans for tomorrow night...
ima be extra mad!!!
Omg can you can fuck all my bitches?
Not quite as addicted as me, I'm the mayor ;
AHAHHAHAHAHAHHA has the best tweets.
last chance to RSVP for 944's june issue release bash TONIGHT !
hosted vodka from 9 to 10pm!
www.944.com/sdmusic
you're cute.
BlueBerry Kisses!!
Love how the rw keeps retweeting the numbers spoonfed to them without bothering to check 'em themselves.
Some random just asked me to estimate how many movies I've seen in my life....
Name for our English Brown Ale: Big Brown, after our illustrious, oldasdirt couch.
You may be only one person in the world, but you may also be the world to one person.
I love my sis !!!
She is my heart..
Brad Pitt stages ''miniGrammys'' show to help New Orleans
Damn you McGhee.
Go Hogs Go  Get that SEC road win vs Auburn!!!!
I have no idea why nyan cat is awesome but it is
JG, Gordon says you are missing a great event!
Anyone know how to get tickets to the Movie Festival After Party in Denver?
: ThatOnePersonWho will never understand how you feel about them.
RT Excited to bring and the masterminds behind to with help from
I have a couple feeds that don't update very often.
I'd like an email alert when they do...
take the Knicks ml, parlay with overs.
and absolutely unload your bank account.
I think I'm definitely doctored up of tears.
Congrats to Magnet member on being selected to participate in The Pitch.
Tune in on Mon, May 7 at 9 pm on AMC.
WeirdFactAboutMe I hate the color blue
thanks again for the call last night and catching up.
josh!!!
me too.
when you were little did you talk to the rice crispes!
:
True blood!!!
3
off to play at a wonderful intimate new year's eve gathering.
I love my job!
Happy New Year!
As long as I am ahead of Gary Vaynerchuk, I am satisfied
Thanks!
Missed being there.
I knew she'd be great.
RT We missed you.
was outstanding.
Saturday Night  Estate  another SELL OUT weekend!
Sun is shining  Pats are on  1 p.m.
i think ppl love long  obvious presentations for very mysterious reasons
Mine too!
I love it so much!
I cannot believe that there is a MenInBlackIII; I did not know that they even made another one.
its wateva now
PrePresidential doctornks at Schooner's!!
: so your bald head ass finally decide to tweet lls don't come for the queen !!!!
what up man...you workin i see!...
told me you gave him some heat!
How'd u do?
leaving Ixonia now.
Won't make it.
Sorry Hope it was great
do you like brainfood?
Cuz I got some o' that!
thank you so much and fr letting the fans share the stage tonight best show EVER!!!!!
YOU MEAN LIKE THIS!!??
thanks ed
Dear can you please be a little more enthusiastic when narrating a soccer game?!!!!
I want to hear a GOAL!!!!
thx
T24 hours til Vegas.
Let's hope I come back.
Dont feel bad.
Im getting these tweets, no idea why
have you touched blackjack yet?!
Double Down on 11 and split double 8s.
Spend more time being happy, making moments and less time arguing
If u want to be be followed then follow me...
Minnesota Twins  Chicken Soup For The RedSox.
18 hits.
112 victory.
u suck!
Quit messing w/my 3g, I'm not upgrading to 4g, DAMMIT!!!
TheEffectsOfAlcohol Phone rings MeHello.
Tay: hehehe deer darn green giraffe in dye fron yurd ....Me: Click 
Thanks for the follow, Dee!
how old are you like 16 now
It's so hot.
What the hell.
Check out my dairyfree, soyfree herbed potato salad recipe.
Perfect for a Labor Day BBQ.
everyone quit, its just me now sincerely ben
the wind is blowing me up 
Yes, you may.
As always, you're a great help, Josepf!
Remember every Wed all bottles of wine at 10.
Happy WineWednesday!
Also if possible , please announce boarding for the wrong flight at the gate.
They don't have those defibs handy for nothin!
thanks for the follow.
If you have any comments on starting a biz without cash, let me know.
RyanGosling built the kitchen table featured in TheNotebook in preparation for his role as Noah.
Wait, I have it better  Agreed!
Look what happened at EMA.
It went viral on internet for months.
Follow us on twitter
Yes, I will be there.
Got an upcoming play to chat up.
Hope to have a doctornk and talk with you there.
yup yup
A muddy shirt on the ground, A woman's shirt.
No one nearby topless.
A few footprints on it.
Bad company corrupts good character
According to a recent survey, nearly 1 in 5 people have doctorpped their smartphone in the toilet.
Have you?
Interesting stuff.
Toda raba for posting.
stop fucking being smart !
It sure was!
I can't stand mag apps either.
Constant crashes.
Login problems.
Etc.
It's going to be a spectacle....
got the urns, they look great!
Good Morning Fellow Tweeters O
If you get bored, tell your friends to follow us!
We'll have more shows coming up, and more bands to tell you about :
Movies tonight with Montana 
I was just remembering the day I met I was so awkward, its all a blur.
i dont even remember saying bye.
lol, omg.
Guess who gets to see Wicked?
This kid.
I love my Dad.
d:
What are you doing for Spring Break?
thanks : and it was poppin, i must say..
we were actually talking about u today in dance cuz we were rehearsin flow to you :'
np Super Friend  MaryMary  I just love this song  it makes me love Banner even more, he lays it down on this song!
Checking out Tim Hagans The Moon is Waiting Tim is a monster  Vic Juris shines!
Tasty Rufus Reid and Jukkis Uotila?
Well worth a listen.
Looking forward to working with
R.I.P.
Whitney...another angelic voice added to the heavenly choir!
smack his ass lol
Picking up the boypilot at the airport.
Still doesn't have his doctorver's license.
He's late!
Prob playing with his bday present.
Yes, I'm working in DC now.
How long will you be out in Cali for?
beautiful beyond words Everything goes togetherLovable and bubbly Luxurious and amazing a person i will always cherish
Had to look that up, wasn't familiar with it.
Sounds interesting.
Nina Persson could be good onscreen....
The hurricane is cominq:O
What a beautiful day!
Glad it's Saturday and I can enjoy it.
No Clouds pun goes here
20ThingsAboutMe; 1.
No matter how much I say, I don't give a damn, there's always that part of me that gives a damn.
Whatever Andy Ur too Cool To talk to fans I see!!!
that's impressive.
he can ride five miles no problem.
pretty sure 10 is reasonable.
Just took a cab for the first time lol
Beck's Modern Guilt makes me want to say something stupid.
She's got a cactus crown.
See!
See!
My ex tryna work it out, tell that bitch try yoga
thanks for the follow :
WHY AM I STILL ON THIS THREAD WITH Y'ALL FUCKING POTHEADS?
Rather than swat the ball out of bounds, would love to see shot blocker snatch it out of the air w/ one hand.
Whatever you can do, or doctoram you can, begin it.
Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it.
W.H.
Murray
Tebow would be a better QB than Sanchez.
Be sure to walk through the Boston Common to see the ducklings wearing GRONK tshirts!!!
After today, it's time: dark night run of the soul in Central Park.
don't think about it, BE about it..don't be scared.
No excuses, no apologies..Take it to the head!
DJ Khaled 3
Maybe should release the obsession  Maybe u Mite get a tweet from him someday
I love you you're charming and pretty, you're my role model!:xx
I thought you were trying to handle your money better ?
I guess that was just an excuse .
The best defense to labor and employment litigation is implementing best HR practices.
Last night was just what I needed :3
we got lots of cool projects.
We should start interviewing developers.
Can you pass on the word.
Yes, DE, Pete, and Vin all still going strong and online in Charlotte at !
Have another good year of Resurrection...
Yes, long, boring winters to blame...
ya, are you?
immvt rewriting outcomes much easier when u have a sounding board.
Thanks all
I wish there was a button for people to unfollow you
What's up
RT : Even though sometimes we stumble,Even though sometimes we fall, Call Him up, and tell Him what you want Ron Kenoly
yep..
.
Thanks
Hey guys THE STRANGER FAMILY NORTH AMERICAN TOUR IS IN FULL EFFECT.
IF YOU WANT TO BOOK THEM PLEASE CONTACT GAZI
One of my favorite bball players of all time : Reggie Miller !
3
I'm retarded, but the good kind of retarded; fire retarded.
There is wonderful joy ahead!
I Peter 1:6 Worship Faith Bible .
One of the best SVU episodes for a long time!
mariskahargitayrocks!!
More   power to mismanage  abuse.
District vs.
STATE budget.
When our officials can handle district properly, I'm on board!
Playing tonight at le bon temps on magazine and bordeaux st.
come party with us.
11pm!
Hotel...Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Patriots will not Know what hit them, 1 Rushing Offense against 31st.
ranked Defense in the NFL?
Tebow will just pass on weak secondary...
yeah ..
Yeah
.
can rub you the wrong way, but he's OK.
He's a little highstrung right now because he's expecting a child.
bet none of them fell like i do.
I get to go uhh when niallwhipshispenis real hard!
as soon as he comes out i jump on!
yea i jump on!
Swagtastic.
RT : And at exactly 3pm, I finished law school.
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT!!!
Crazy Mary at Ella Lounge, 10PM, 9 Avenue A,, NYC
Looking forward to lots of Play Dough and Bubbles.
Our office, Supreme Lending, loves being a doctorp office point.
actually a tough decision, I don't have the number handy, call the creek and see what they have, maybe nighttime crowd showed
When I grow up, I want to be a David Guetta dancer.
You're welcome Daniele...
Muncie here I come
ugh...almost done with work..almost..this CD taking forever to burn...then i still gotta rip it into the system..hurry up yo..
I like Stubbs
Just chugged a red bull.
I am watching the home going celebration of Whitney Houston R.I.P.
And we all know that she is going to heaven what ever the news says
Okay, the hell with it then...
Where are all the crossfit diehards?
One month unlimited Groupon..should I try it after the half?
Thanks, Katie!!!
RT : Good luck at the ShortyAwards and have fun!
how are you?
Its been forever...
And they screwed up my wife's order.
Great session  thanks!
: FirePioli this will be trending
Every selfish action detracts from the opportunity to do something good for another in need!
thanks brett
it's Friday, Friday,gotta get down on Friday.Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend, weekend :
girls that rock jordans 
Recording a cover of Proud of Your Boy from Aladdin
actually I am!
sad ain't, I like bringing the asshole out of MFs.
Excellent meeting with clergy today.
Inspired to see how we have already changed out community story by story.
Just saw an Animal Welfare van, makes me wonder where to apply for dog food stamps.
sixseasonsandamovie Yeah , I saw it.
Nice.
Great last 30 seconds.
We'll need more than 13 though.
Get it done.
good lucky with the interview
: Palena Cafe AND I got the burger.
And it was medium rare.
And it was so good!
...And I sat next to Betsy Markey.
Fancy.
: I hate when people treat dogs like they are humans...
I'm talkin to you mom hahaha
My phone just went off during a presentation.
Finally getting some boarding in...snow not as good as years past but great nonetheless
I am being pushedout AMEN!!
Thanks to my pal Judd J for a great shoot yesterday!
I was kind of hoping the Bulls will win!
Stimulus Social Club Event  Old Town Social.
Includes appetizers and one cocktail and network with professorssionals 10
we had our wedding reception there.
My favorite club.
: Never underestimate yourself.
You never really know how strong you are until being strong is the only option you have.
don't run on
Ooooohhhhh that's what we on???
I've been to Davanti three times and stellar each time.
Bencotto is hit or miss for me.
Love Underbelly!
when you headed there homeslice?
Dang it.
You're right.
got make some phonecalls for the next 20 minutes
George Milner talking about climate change, increase in warfare, and depopulation of late prehistoric Midwest
Mozilla readies Firefox 3.6 for the grave: Mozilla's updates to Firefox 3.6 come to an end next week, as the company also reveals tha...
: I been told u chump  you coulda reminded bout the game day before or something Smh I forgot
Single life, guess I will be attending the christian single mingler
Not my fault she lost her phone and try to say I stole it.
I have money and my parents are wealthy.
Why the fuck would I take your phone.
In LongIslandCity today I joined biz leaders, 2 push new RooseveltIsland school 2 grow jobs in Queens
just confirmed our first film of Winter term: 'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf' is our Valentine's weekend pick!
THATS WHY RONDO FUCKING SUCKS!!!
Nothing brings on anxiety faster than being forced to eat deviled eggs at a company potluck.
please ask Allure of the Seas to put some doctornks on ice.
I'll be there to imbibe on Sunday!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BABY:
Enjoyed your 40 thoughts.
Thanks for sharing and hope you used sunscreen.
that's that good shit
Anyone read any good books lately?
Had some serious ahamoments today on the BIG IDEA...
LOVE the creation phase!
Will do!
Thanks for the follow.
My 100th tweet was saying happy birthday to 3 Happy Birthday Deezy!
:
Seconded!
RT : thank you 49ers for keeping my home playoff doctorams alive!
// this.
I swear Liam  Miley r too cute together!!
3
wow looks like is very popular!
maybe we can spice it up and give chili lime packaging a fancy leg on the bag??
I was thinking the same!
Obama needs to be impeached now
Did you know eating three kiwis a day can help lower blood pressure?
Find out what's in the funny and furry fruit that our bodies love....
Weathery Walk just got added to my shit list.
Thanks assholes!
I shouldn't have to tell you all my business.
What else you want to know?
lol.
Pro tip: the asis section down by the register is epic..
Sometimes.
I enjoyed the int.
this AM.
missed a great convo, but it's cool to know U and I are almost related.
:
finally back up in this bitch, i gotta start remembering my password..LOL
My favorite, thanks for the heads up!
RT Tonight!
Rudolph.
CBS.
8pm.
Be there.
Bahah !
My brother has a girlfriend.
He asked her out by giving her a note that said Will you date me?
ohh 5th graders...
Oh, I'm writing as I do this.
I'm a genius at multitasking.
Thanks for helping today!
DipityDoRight!
RT : Just finished up delivering for !
T'was fun!
Now I'm hungry!
:
Barely on my laptop anymore since I got my tablet.
My mother said I should give it to my sister...
Hahahahaha ...
NO.
Adventurer  SuitedforSpace mascot, Space Bear, is on his way to Follow SB's lead  see Suited for Space before it closes!
at home with one sick kid and one hyper kid.
I've definitely seen some of that in the US stuff too.
I haven't gotten to reading through the Heathen Woman's Friend yet
This is true!

813 going release their new hit!!
get ready.
i GotDemHits that make u
just watched abe vs.
zombies great movie
Thanks Las Vegas for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
I'm sorry I just now saw this Thank you for the kind comment means alot nice seeing u 2 see u next year
ok you're beyond gorgeous :p.s you and brandon are the perfect couple.
Working out on the beach by myself cause my dad don't wanna let me go with my friends to workout
Perfect NYC morning, tonight, life is good!
You got robbed.
Hmm no honey mustard any where in Yankee stadium?!?!?!
I'm in a good mood today!
eat more kale.
since i have been eating kale, I feel so much healthier.
FOOD IN MY MOUTH
is 10x nicer than is!
Who is this ChristianCAL playing 20 questions with me?
P
If free internet is why you go to Starbucks, where you pay 4 for a latte, I hope you don't do public policy work for the gov't.
I cant believe you went there..
That doesn't mean anything.
If people had AJ Jenkins over Stephen Hill or Reuben Randle, then it means something.
s beard kills 99.1 of germs.
The other .1 is submitted to cleaning and grooming his
whew woke up and started reading angry blogs about why marketers suck.
maybe i should rethink my career path.
gonna try Nixon in China tonite at Lincoln Center plaza.
really enjoyed Puccini's La Rondine yesterday
.
A nicely chilled 2010 Lightning from Airfield Estates!
saving my money so i can buy that, not even lying
You want to hear a joke about my penis?
Ah never mind.
It's too long.
Really?
I'd love to figure out how to connect with these folks!
Looking around in Palo Alto...
Life goes on, but it won't be the same.
oh not that bad yet, just hobbled up to the train platform.
But i'm expecting some wimpering later.
Just planning ahead :
The only thing worse than transcribing a twohour interview is losing the story file and having to do it again.
Connection directly to the owner of lease Split level house into Pakhoa Hawaii with VRBO To be connected with the owner Of i :
Hahah brucejenner just got mentioned on
It's pun o'clock, somewhere.
Yes, would be great to see you when you're here!
I'll try to make the book event.
hahahahahah ....
I was seriously SO confused by that
At this moment, thousands of engaged Christian virgins are fervently praying for Harold Camping to be wrong about tomorrow.
Come check out 1 TVs at Diversity Thrift!!
We have a few left, when they're gone the sale is OVER!!
No refunds on 1 TVs.
Alhamdulillah.
Appreciate you relaying that on to me.
A gentle reminder that we are opening late today because of the Easter holiday.
See you at 1:30!
Hopefully that Borders will have them in stock again.
Keep checking  Borders is the exclusive US distributor for our Notebooks
Braveheart is on!
That's not a good deal, woman.
I don't have 15 for a side salad, a cup of soup, some brushetta, and a dessert I wont eat.
can't wait to get the ipad 3 next month 3
BBL Going On My Backup
when I was younger IUsedTo think my teenage years would be the best.
Now, I wanna go back to being younger 3
Training Day Part II
The fact that we getting along now tomorrow we gone be going at it like crazy Lolz
I'm at Akers Mill Cinco tonight with Ken Bennett.
Hope to see you there
Bulls C Noah gametime call; Asik to start.
Thanks for coming, friend!
MT : Off to celebrate 's birthday at H Street Country Club with other fab MEP2012 ladies!
No, he brought me a sub from a place called Jimmy John's...love their subs!
I'm home sick today though, maybe that sub wasn't
Josh Hamilton is on pace to have 199 RBI's this year.
Singer/Hip Hop artist from North Carolina.
I'll send you some links :
One more Flickr article and it's a trend
Eye tag at the gym is fun lol
I know its not the same...but, perhaps I could use edmodo for that.
Hey guys!
Wow I haven't been on in forever!
I need to start getting on more lol
So my Birthday is a week from today!
And i still have no plans!
Ugly blister on my thumb
great quote.
Thanks for sharing it.
The singer of Cannibal Corpse is banging his head way faster than I can.
Just sayin.
thank you for the RT
the shit I hear at work.
I should write a book one day.
Best part of an early morning smt are the made to order omelets.
I'd get up evry day for a veggie om
me and are about to be staples in the pen this year.
i still got the closing job though
I love italy
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
I think my fakee crying baby died ;O
Is anyone doing Summer Olympics programs at their libraries?
We are looking for some games we can play with the kids.
Customer service is horrible in this
bru mine starting out rough
hahah!
Yeah?
Can't blame me either!
Lol next time tag him!
He's online;3 blhahah whens she performing??:o
As a white woman, bras are offered in nude to match my skin color, as are bandaids.
I can no longer say that I've never seen crotales played with knitting needles.
I guess I'm growin up...
If you find yourself sympathizing with David over Bertie, you could go see W.E.
But that might make you hate Madonna.
If I were a female bird I'd be jealous that male birds looked like, way prettier than me.
Sudden hankering to curl up with a Willa Cather novel.
Preferably Song of the Lark.
Now, if only I could find my copy...
But 1 Get 1 free appetizers all day and night Plus crab leg dinner or surf and turf on the dinner special board.
There should be a dating service for people than can only write 140 characters or less.
Ariana Grande is too pretty....sigh, why can't i be her?!
:P
Your tweets are the best I love them.
Is it true that all tweets with a wink have a link?
Just kiddin' or not .
.
.
Don't cry, run around in circles.
I love you kid
I know of all the things that I hear they be pokin' fun at, never the tweets tho, they know I run that.
I hope this wasn't retaliation.
I agree, used games have already paid for their server slot, the old user is gone and gets replaced by the new owner !!
Act like ignition wasn't the shit
if such a law does exist that permits folk to kill and go home and sleep I am unaware of it....and im a fl resident 20  yrs
Love your enemies until you have none...
wisewords from a decent man
Thx for following!
Nice Terri Schiavo reference.
Thanks for reminding me to eat more vegetables.
How did it take me this long to discover the delights of cumin?
Stop using Photoshop filters on your images.
I'M SERIOUS!
Yes I'm talking to you!
STOP IT!
Global Ozone Project  students around the world install ozone monitors and post results on Google Earth.
On behalf of Kenziee, Kai tweets :MEGU let Egg find in the middle of walk.
Just popped my knee out of place...
Hurt like a bitch.
Maybe it don't work on your phone or something but you could always look at the mobile settings!!!!
yes we know your man plays for da lakers but would u still be with him if he wasn't
A lot of people find themselves always having to prove to other people that they are better than them, but that's vanity.
not if you study...
A lot!
Packing for Sacramento this weekend..idk what to wear over there
Oh My Fuuuccckkennnn God!!!!!!
RT If I never see the word convergence again, it'll be too soon.
Though the cloud feels like a public space, it is actually a private space.
Makes free to all more difficult, ie ebook lending
she dnt NEVER doctornk call/txt me so im guessing someone else gets her doctornk calls/txts
Jenna Marbles  HILARIOUS
Glad this is Kenzie's last day of camp.
Happy New Year world!!
What a great year it was.
Can't wait to start a new chapter and see what 2012 brings!!
At the store buying more foaming trouser snake.
Your lack of Pop Culture knowledge is an affront to society
When is gonna be here???
people are already talking about it!!!
Small steps make an impact.
If there's one thing that you would change in your life TODAY to help the planet what would it be?...
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.!!!
Aww my roommates bf paid for my dinner and movie too
are you trying to use it on your phone or macbook?
it won't work on phones or ipads from what i know.
see too lol
All that matters is the mission  President Obama
Oh, I'm sorry, I thought I was living my life and you were living yours.
My effin neck is getting stiff again.
Fml
so could I doctorve down and take you to dinner?
My icon has just changed to an egg wtf
Nice win , great effort  bein more of an ext of Scottie on the floor.
keep bein that
happy birthday to :
Mixtape: Checking Out New Bay Area Hip Hop  KQED
Good workout!
Looks like its gonna be a hot one!
Gonna try to get some sun today :
And I'm only 23 I'm the shit like look at me
You don't know ur beautiful :
Perfect nite for a run around Glake!!
I have never seen Jeff so wasted!!!
It's the first night...
Ain't that just like LeBron?
Ain't that just like DWade?
THANKS!
I'll ask that shortly  tweet you back the answer!
Girl, you is crazy.
And inspiring.
Crazy inspiring, even.
And I just registered for the Marine Corps Marathon.
Nicki Minaj deleted her twitter!
I was one day gonna tweet her something..
well guess its to late for that...
:'
As a Browning Marketing Group Independent Contractor I can help you promote/market your business, product and YOU.
Contact me!
Does seem like a possible perverse incentive, tho academia's not only C customers.
You two are absolutely smokin' hot in your Cannes shoot!
Any chance you'll offer signed 8x10s?
; 
Louis c:
beautiful day in NYC!!
Perfect place to showcase my Cali smile.
I know you can relate.
think apt on Bleeker.
smile
I don't 'wish' for anything.
I work for fairness and decency and civility.
Threats of an America you fear is nonsense.
Happy Valentine's day everyone!
Make sure all of your loved ones know how important they are to you!
Why is it no one today can ever admit to being wrong?
I have so much more respect for someone who admits that they made a mistake.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
John Cena  PUBLIC KissOff Before Divorce
Every text I get, I hope it's from you.
!
Does BI accept wig donations?
If so, send details please!
Classes starting in April for Salesperson's license and online CE always offered!
Check out our website at www.TuckerSchool.com!
what time is it?
I feel like I should be tweeting more.
Tweet, tweet, tweet
i forrgot my password this suckss broo i cant rember it for i thing
Thank you!!
any one wants to chat?
You're a machine, mister Campbell.
RT I wanna do something Out of the ordinary today.
Any suggestions?!
help someone less fortunate...
I'm not even unemployed yet, officially and I'm already bored!
:/
You can't pretend to land on cold hard metal.
why no Fleischman?
RT : Today in Jewish History Nazi Germany surrenders to the Allies, ending Third Reich and WWII in Europe.
I bought it full price : RT : Soror, I have it via PDF for free, if you need it.
Not worth the 1.99!
LOL
what is intagram exactly ?0.o
RT : Red light cameras going live Thurs: Monroe/Alexander and Goodman/Clifford.
Just remembered about this redbox movie fuckkkkk, 2 days late.
Cr8ing an idea/inspiration box 4 stories EdShareLou what's your story abt parent engagement: working/not working
:/ tests suck ....
Dayyum my ceiling fan is loud ..
I wonder how I sleep at night
: If you watch the Titanic backwards it's about a magical boat that saves people.
Damm I'm in school office rite now they bouta send me home cuz they heard my mans and I was bouta start reckin after school.
Fml.
Happy Birthday to my MOST AMAZING Husband Shane!
With in gym :
2 half pound burgers 5pm to 10pm.
Get out of the rain and have a great burger
Listen for the New George Strait song in the New Music Spotlight song at 8pm!
Then win 1000 at 8:05!
hey i think that ur whole family is amazing keep up at life and live it at the fullest hope u follow and reply thanks :
I'm so tired I can't think.
Why am I still up and on twitter when I should be sleeping?
I can't answer that question because I'm so tired.
1 RT : Getting super excited for the
Special shout out to SCO for his song Prayer my number one song rite now
doctorPepper, or and soda, is not that appetizing when you think of it as bubbly, watered down syrup.
good u?
Always hold your head up, but be careful to keep your nose at a friendly level.
Max L.
Forman
Gym time!!
Chest  shoulders today!
ahah yeah well I am a girl x
Thank you, lovely!
Congratulations too!
Gosh, I've been so out of the loop!
I'm so happy for you!
:D
just the 3 in 1 leaked?
how about the bottle of shampoo I added?
was that ok?
Downloaded it the reviews are awesome!
Can't wait to read
to build a home by the cinematic orchestra.
Won't listen in public or without tissues.
And I REALLY don't cry often.
We've been threatened at work with lawsuits over a doctorveway not being plowed well enough,  a car being towed.
Ridiculous.
I never thought I would see this day...
Meeting you guys on 112011 was the best day ever !
Give us another amazing day buy following us ?!
3 ;D
reading a book .
U ?
i was just going to ask if santi was playing great or nico was horrible in this tbreak.
No!
Im dating Someone!
Thanks but ha im pretty sure you dont even know me to Actually like me!
Thanks!
RT FF For daily geopolitics dish, the everstilettoed ...
wow, you got them all I see.
Yeah.
So I will talk to you later
go out with friends
Berries protect your brain from its natural decline, and what better way to take them in than on a waffle!
Berry Compote, mystical elixer.
I'm not feeling like a princess this week either.
:
I've decided to stop spending money at any business that posts motivational quotes prominently
THX!
And to you as well!
RT : A very happy holidays ff to some of my fav people
smh I cant take it!
website was still hanging in there until about 30 minutes ago.
Everybody puts your hands up there playing my song there Playing my song the butterflies fly away...
What a great game!
Cheered for the goal, then felt bad.
Go Claude Go!
no more fucking around, I'm gonna start making some changes!
I just wanna be happy..
Sounds great if I hear anything, I'll let you know.
ur my inspiration 4 life!!
i cnt believe how far uv came I'm so happy 2 say that I'm a mahomie no matter wat 3
Three found hours  woo hoo!
RIP.
so sad that another beautiful life has been lost...
My condolences to the camacho family
See I WIN .
oh  Singlegangordie 3
love it!
Especially for the tech generation.
Use their medium to get them to engage.
Awesome.
Roxy!!
I didnt even know you had a twitter lol
I95 out of the state ASAP?
RT : What to do tonight in New Jersey?
Where are good spots?
Suggestions...
Happy Cinco!
Stopping by Hi Hit tonight for 5 Margaritas and 3 Mexican beers.
What is the actual cost of homelessness in ABQ?
CAN'T WAIT FOR FRIDAYS USTREAM!
I look forward to it everyday!
It's time to test your smoke alarms, fire extinguishers, start and service heaters, and test carbon monoxide detectors.
Call if you need us
Dear twitter account, stop trying to be funny and just give me breaking news.
Signed, every single one of your followers
Canon power shot..SZx IS, but I decreased the resolution on pic,,it is prettier than the attachment.
im not ...
i told you i loved you 7th period!
:
checkingin on fb and tagging people is funny to me.
i dont understand why ppl do it, so i do it too.
no just travelling a ton.
Let's catch up soon.
Are you going to Portland OR again soon for a show/appearance?
I love country girls 
Caps better get it going quick cause the Rangers ain't messing around tonight!
30 people whom I love at my house.
We are blessed.
Sorry...this one is only open to ages 714
Blah blah blah.
All we've been hearing all offseason from other teams.
We do our thing and always have.
Pay no mind to the rest.
Im in the same position as you!
Im moving to:' x
And now the crying has stopped, but the nativity scene wise men are fighting over who gets to be captainin America and who gets to be doctor Doom
Hope to see u next time, we were not able to participate yesterday!
See u at the Buggy!
Now inspired to consider how digital engagement  social media can be leveraged to be more Reggioesque.
you don't shake hands during series, you do it game one at tip n after its over.
One those unwritten rules
Tonight.
On air with I know it's mothers day weekend.
Youre in luck, I talked to your mom, shes coming too
okay!
Make sure u eat a lot so you can hold your liquor 2nite.Have fun and be safe!!
with history on the domain names
RT : As you give more  more, you have more to give.
As the joy of giving flows out from you, new richness fills your life.
Aww that's so cute!!
Congrats to her!
Any pics or videos?
I love you so much  Wish the best for you.
We will miss you yo3
Ine really care to be honest.
Glad to know it'll be colored.
You know how the littlest art critic feels about uncolored sketches.
we need to move forward.
i didn't make a video, but i've done video projects in the past.
no one can deny that you put in a lot
Shouldn't Thee Oh See have released 4 albums by now for the year?
I'm worried.
Biscuit with ham, crispy oysters, 2 fried eggs and hollandaise at brunch this weekend: Saturday and Sunday from 9am2pm
Left church an hour ago.
Back to the house to keep with the writing marathon.
I'm on a two book mission for 2012, possibly three.
Have to go back to Arby's to reupload a Video!Manana!What a pain!
Hope i can be as successful as my dad is when i take over the company
hi!!
I am really pushing as hard as I can!
Finished my essay on the classification and division of band members
The parallels are eery.
RT : Is it just me or is Sarah Phillips a more successful WenoSports
I'm late with this ...but alute to OKC NBAPlayOffs 1st round!
That's the best part of parenting.
I can make her hate who I hate.
now knows I like gadgets, bank account is sad.
i had no idea that i loved you!
Absolutely.
I meant good investment for me, not in general.
Today's lunch hour appointment: threading salon.
Eyewatering, but so worth it!
That sounds terrible, honestly.
I'm sorry you have to work then.
I will be grading or working on projects.
when you commin home never?
lol
I want coffee.
ARE U WATCHING HOUSE OF PAYNE TONIGHT?
:
Is it really that hard to be original nowadays?
2day Is Gonna Be Very Long But Rewarding, Tonite I Got The Show At Steel Toast On The Beach Ladies In Free All Nite!!!
Lata Breeze DTA
Hey There Ho There Hey There Hi There
Everything is so dustcovered now!
definitely not helping seasonal allergies
Morning......God Bless
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left.
bye bye One Tree Hill:
34 degrees in RSF this morning.
Crazy!
Will get to 70.
what month prediction shall it come?
Rid your house of all those foods that you know you have trouble resisting.
Your family should be willing to make sacrifices!
You hear that?
That's 5,000 IU fans cars starting and heading back to Indiana.
friday nights alone..
Invited parents for Xmas bkfst as usual; Mom said I'm surprised Why?
B/c u no longer eat meat What does she think vegan means?
No Xmas?
Understand  educate yourself about the differences between men and women.
God created us to have different needs.
He does have quite the mancrush doesn't he?
I will remember you.
Will you remember me?
Don't let your life pass you by.
So tell me, do Venus blow your mind?
hot mess
At the Upright Citizens Brigade improv show
Never eat more than you can lift.
Miss Piggy
taking a class in screen printing wednesday!
wow way to bring me down.
It's okay.
When I get older I will buy a jeep and come pic you up.
Did you review Darjeeling?
I'd love to read more about the deliberate angle.
where are more?
I was at these shows and didn't take a single photo!
lol nah you must be lookin in the mirror kid ;P  I love you more punk 3 :
Just got off work on my birthday...on the other hand.
I love everyone who wished me a great day today!
I have stellar friends and family 
that made my life, forreal tho.
Yes let ist snow : The first Snow is falling Happy
no.
Sadly it's part of this horrible disease.
Just good healing thoughts.
Hoping no ER today or any time soon.
Thank u, love
Off to meet my agent and new editor in NYC
Requiscat in Pace  May he rest in peace, abbreviated R.I.P.
2 more pages of science!!
LEGGO!!!
Just met with one of the founders of I'm sold on the idea, they'll be doing big things for sure  hope they choose Portland!
Layover in ATL!!!!
They say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need.
I won't be able to attend the momacriticalplay talk on either the 17th or the 18th  will it be taped or just livestreamed?
Taylor Kitsch!
Mixing Marketing With Social Games and Extreme Sports  New York Times
EXCELLENT  why didn't the Bush tax cuts work?
FINALLY the media does its fucking job.
Newt's response?
Slam Obamacare.
Hi , evaluated bus 16Y recently?
Standing room only, often with crowded stops skipped completely due to no more room.
Ideas?
Age wrinkles the body.
Quitting wrinkles the soul Douglas MacArthur
Tweet about how much loud you smoke and I laugh at you now I know you use to that BS Regina
Thanks for the recommendations!
that is very disappointing
Where are you and why am I not taking photos on set?
Eating something that tastes so good at first...then when you start really enjoying it...it taste like crap!
Aquifer tonight, VIP with my team
not sure what you're smoking, but...can I have some please?
wow we have to discuss immediately!
Hope does not disappoint us, because God has poured out his love into our hearts by the Holy Spirit, whom he has given us.
Romans 5:5
congrats!!
Was rooting for you guys and the
you can have scrapple anywhere in the U.S.!
We will send it to you.
excuse me but I don't know you and you scare me.
How are ya, sir?
Headed home?
TROY!!!!
Everytime I see that sign it makes me laugh.
My friend is in luv w/ Harry Styles!
Gotta luv her tho!
Starting the Phantom Tollbooth with the kids for reading.
I am so excited because I LOVE this book!
RT MSU soccer Bowling With Bears Tournament  Silent Auction today at 3 at Enterprise Lanes!
All welcome!
A wonderful day with and Night all!
Hit a blind man with a coloring book and told him color inside the lines or get hit with a flying crayon.
I have boots!
Merry Christmas to all!!
And to all my Simpsons and Biebers
heyy vinnnyy: i would like die if you just replied back to me pleeeasssse you will make my hole life.
pleasenoticeme :
Please Follow Me : swag
Surfing on the Water's Edge
Omg i cant believe i have 3 C's right now .
but im so lazzzzyyyy to do work!!!
Homework not done 
hahahaha yes!
It describes our entire lives!
That's some quality graphic design.
As the Series comes to a close, so do our BCS deals.
Get your hands on great electronic deals while they last!
I do too.
At least I was at a good Super Bowl Party at the time!
RT : How come?
Agreed, especially salmon hot off the coals.
oroo to you bruh!
Happy centennial!
Oh and GirlWithThedoctorgonTattoo was good  but 20 minutes after the climax I thought Lisbeth was going off to the Undying Lands with Frodo.
I predict 4 of the 5 from UK to leave tonight, maybe lamb or MKG might decide to stay
Finding that I still care about text  differentiate between text  paratext.
Prayer is not simply asking.
It is a longing of the soul.
It is daily admission of one's weakness.
Marketing meeting today.
So excited to get the ball rolling on this event.
Hopefully this week we will start posting more details.
because OBVIOUSLY he's a substitute teacher!
am I supposed to know your number through a telepathic connection that you haven't told me about?
Early in the morning and im omw to work....
sure is a good way to start the morning
All business done!
Relax Mode.
Go see True Grit if you haven't yet...great cast/great movie
spurs/bulls...finals.
Ugh.
Do you know what middle school?
Thinking about the joyful life of Steve Jobs.
Our American Technology Maestro
has discovered the upside to no personal space in NY  GORGEOUS men come and sit with you at a Starbucks table to escape the rain.
YUM.
Thanks to new follower.
One interview down and another request in motion.
Reaping the rewards of insomnia.
Lord I did all these great works in your name!
He will say depart from me you worker of iniquity, I never knew you.
Works can't save you
Thank you :
why does this stuff always happen....i dont understand???
Thank you!
You too!!
Watching this right now makes me feel like I have a legitimate shot of scoring my first NBA bucket!
It's freezing here in Denver!
Omg.
Miserable and rainy.
Thank God my hotel is less than 40 feet away from the conference center!
the investigation should also look at copyright violations.
Gunna try to fix it with my old bestfriends , i hope this works out , i miss them so much .
Girls in summer doctorsses 
TW5OnBILLBOARD OH MY SIVA'S CHEEKBONES!!!
so proud of you guys!!!!
that made you less of a wreak
it would be nice to have an option to configure magento checkout steps in any way customer needs.
Let's say turn off some of the steps.:
Our pool guys this week nearly stood on a 5 foot snake in our backyard.
Oh the challenges of living in Australia.
tryin to sleep
Man, the Academy Awards are boring!
ThingsBetterThanTheMiamiHeat Directv commercials....no wait that is a stretch
you're a jackass.
I just notice that I didn't send not one smiling which is weird !!!
lmfao I'm always smiling let me see if I can send u 1
I forgot how much of a banger loca people is
those are cold bruh
meat loaf meat loaf, tasty meat loaf crunch!
What's up tweepz?
These lifetimes movies r so good.lbvs
Im really losing patience with
laying here
If I got a problem with you ill tell you straight up.
I don't beat around the bush and play yalls little bs games
no!
I will defend the man n say there better b chocolate chip pancakes awaiting in the mornin!
Treat yourself to a caffe latte today.
You deserve it.
11 More Days til Team Hoyt Portrait is unveiled followed by sale of exclusive signed  numbered lithographs as Boston Marathon 30 approaches
: LoLz Hit Me up BitCHez Ill do yeer homework if yoU buy mE ChickEN lol what a freak
only makes sense.
swerve to tha beatz!
Yahoo to double Olympics presence in London
Shopping ; Little research project at Roosevelt
Writing Conference Realities: On Criticism, Tote Bags, and Finding One's Voice
Omg just a couple more hours till my bday I'm so excited happy early bday Mikey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love u so much and it's True!!!!!!!!
Oh!
Look at that Honduras is gonna participate in the OlympicGames!!!
An Spain is the 1st rival  The game in the world cup came to mind

, we'd love to have you!
Next week we're having an olive oil tasting from 6:308 before the wine tasting!
Join us?
RACER ROdoctorGUEZ 13 Y/O author lives in TX w/ dad ROBT.
CATHERINE CAMUS controls dad ALBERT's estate in FR.
WGAW hides their money in L.A.
My mom is the best cooker c:
Parrino and Headley both went yard today!!
Parrino's first and Headley's 2nd Grand Slam!!
thanks Brian!
We hope to see you again soon!
If a friend of mine says He knows the Truth now after I die, please find a way to hurt that person.
TALKBACK TONIGHT after
Watching Remember the Titans ...
Wasn't going to but I can never change the channel on this movie
I love armenian dancing
The CIA: Culinary Institute of America
Saturday.
Less trouble on a Wednesday night
she's OFICIALLY
RT : Q3 How do you know when technology improves work, when it hinders it, what criteria do you use to decide?
Examples?
Thanks for retweeting!
A charm would add to his handsomeness ;
I'm such a mess
Should Insurance Cover AlcoholInduced ER Visits?
omg i love nicki minaj3 she's awesome!!!:
A homeless man told me this joke: how do you find Will Smith in the snow?
i'm leaving in like 3 weeks and I know:
NIALL NIALL NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
RT: Shouts out to my family.
and
Are you sure he didn't actually taste you?
On set this beautiful Sunday for HBO's The Newsroom!!!
What Would Keith Judd Do
Rachel has been with our little revolver LA family a year today!
Rugrats Go Wild
love the icons.
Thank you to and for the wonderful baked treat yesterday.
It was delicious!
Ladies and Gentleman we have our Winner!
Oh I'm so bored lol and no one is up this late really haha
im out!!!!
lmao
country music and cold beer
So awesome that is opening an office in the Madison Building in Detroit!
Just watched 2 Season finales.
Hahaha one pairing I like, the other is messed up.
RT : RETWEET if You Follow Back Like I Do teamfollowback  almost always, unless spam tweep or blatant advertiser
Going over audition tapes gettn ready to cast this movie..
stay tuned
Congrats  a 10 doctorving credit is yours!
TY Jenny for the RT of the BEACH SLAPPED film clip!
Have a fab day!
May your will be done Lord
Projectionist wishes everyone and happy, healthy and successful new year.
It's going to be a great one!
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.
Henry David Thoreau
Niggas say I'm fly but to her I'm god tyga
got it!
Sorry that's been killing me for a few weeks now :
the and yes mentality is road map in brainstorming Shutting people down w/ no buts stunts growth
it's December:
WE ARE
ah ok thanks a ton.
Thought it was more magical then that lol
1: I got some Canadian's tracking info because he misspelled his email.
2: Was he ordering maple syrup?
Wearing my suit jacket wade Barrett style.
hey baltimore and are you ready for some Skeeball!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im sorry it was a green monster..
dont hurt me i havent met bieber yet!
:
I will DM you the information.
he's terrible
I'm wonderful!
hoarders!
best show on tv
doctorving back from cloverdale.
Had an awesome camping.
1st rehearsal : Steven doctorkman's Prince of Atlantis w/ Me, Jeremy Glazer, John Kapelos, Nike Doukas, Warner Shook.
Great Day!
Friday The 13th :
We will all think differently.
Love it!
Enjoy Chicago!
lemme see if i can hit 8,800 before the day is over
When it changed you slipped up like the last time
No ones online except Jc  Justin.
Justin wont notice me.
So haaiiii Jc :
I'll move on baby just like you.
When the desert floods  the grass turns blue.
Felt great to see a friend of mine that has and always will b there for me!
Wish I could live in the ville!
After my bachelor's!
ima try again too
how u doin girl:
Want to give a good luck to on his fight this Friday!
The fans going to love this kid!
I know what you mean.
People sometimes say enjoy being single and free, but I've done too much of that!
I just took the deal prices divided by publicly stated user numbers.
What bothers me most about the ifiwasblack TT is the poor grammar.
CORRECTION: ifiWEREblack  unless, somehow you were black before...
I just realized that I have a lot of math homework I didn't know I had.
Dammit.
lemme blow them candles out 
will ask her for slides/video link.
She did howto videos and product doc for Scantron, the test scoring machine.
He's coming back!
colts RT : REGGIE!
REGGIE!
REGGIE!!!!!!!
Arnold Schwarzenegger themed Sound Design, and more, are up now on productionvault!
Check it out!!!
ownership speaks volumes my sistah
Montana fans getting vocally frustrated
Nah, upgraded twice.
humid af outside.
i step outsied and im sweating in 5 seconds.
: It's Going Down Tonight...
Friday May 11 Mixtape Release Party 618 Live On Waters 618 North Water St Milwaukee WI
is The Hunger Games good?
I'm seeing it 2day
Hi Jeffrey, thanks for your interest in the Z990.
I will check on any deals coming from Kodak for you.
Thanks again!
Lately a lot of ICONiacs have turned into Directioners...
why?
To all the people writing about how Internet Explorer doesn't suck anymore: just you wait.
Just.
You.
Wait.
yea la area
What features a 100 yr.
old legend, is history rich, and is coming to theNAT in Feb.?
Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition
no no no that doesnt matter because nobody cares about how a loser feels haha
So, I get my work bonus April 20th.
Any ideas on how I should spend it?
I bet if you play some records by The Carpenters backwards, you can almost hear Karen saying, I just threw up in my mouth a little bit
Don't miss out on our weekly specials!
wish I was your shadow.
Have an amazing art filled weekend at
Schmidt is such a moron
hey what's up?
How are things going?
I'm like seriously obsessed with never say never I watch it like 3 times a day!
Gotta love !!!
EPIC 3
Pretty morning for a race!
Working on demos all week...
I think we might have a new song in there somewhere!
Jesus had no problem showing up to support John's ministry.
You miss out on so much being only about your deal.
I want to be about Kingdom.
Good luck and have a wonderful day!
he may be a better point guard at this point but not a better player.
If only it were that simple.
I think it's time for Columbus to step its game up on public transportation.
Thanks Hans!
Good Morning Tweeps!
the foot prints in the snow during winter....
DENTON, TX?!
Where you at?!
Meet you at Haileys tonight at 7pm, w/ for the
That was some hot shit smh keep my black ass in the house tonight...
Spent the first afternoon of my staycation weeding the back yard.
We now have at least 10 bags full of weeds.
I ROCK SO HARD!
:/
Salam!
How are you?
Attending the Zope Foundation members meeting; feels like we're in Europe today.
:
Me...Ed...Tigers Game...VIP...that is all
hear hear, I've been fighting w it too
you are bad.
Lol!
me too.
breaking bad and dexter too.
Celeb sighting leaving arlis2012 Peter Bogdonavich in interminable customs line  Toronto airport
lmao ima just get a trim!
90 sure someone is selling product placement in my doctorams
Black on the rocks...
A reason to leave work on time is appreciated since I'm not good at that on my own!
Thinking of a poodle mix...
Wisconsin sports is tha shot and tha urine!!!
busy Thursday night on the terrace!
JLO aroma in the air.
Saturday is going to be retarded.
Book your VIP reservations now!
It was nasty.
My brother and I got an escort through it.
The cars were completely leveled.
Very tragic.
I want to give a Welcome to my Hawaiian AKA sorors in town this weekend.
Come meet and greet them at Eden lounge for Happy Hour
NATO is going to screw this town up this week.
I hope my two cop buddies are safe this week!
Kay just thinks she's better than
: not much just sittin in church listenin to my fathers day sermon haha
the guy at Walgreens said to have a good morning...sounds weird
Growth Pearl: Meditation allows a balance of feeling and thinking.
How is it working out for you?
You smile then you cry, You live and then you die,
Hey, I'm home.
..cruelty?
What if they busted their perverbial asses, and still couldn't get the person to give permission or cave?
Oh, yeah..how's that
'Livingston 8': A Chicago phone number inspires lively chamber jazz  Chicago Tribune
possibly when they lose consciousness and/or become vested in controlling the change?
Theo Epstein and his guys are miracle workers.
Zambrano is a Miami Marlin.
BullyEntitled, Entitled  99 nogo obsoletethinking Does Romney's alleged pranks in high school change your opinion of him?
Most celebrated Roger Nichols work came by default  the only ABC staffer willing to work w/ struggling inhouse songwriters Fagen  Becker
thanks for the follow.
Though I don't live in Atlanta, I'm a big supporter of local.
It's Fiesta Thursday!
Come in to check out our awesome HH Food/doctornk Specials.
Plus entree specials in the dining room on Tacos all night!
Great to see you!!!
RT 508 with and the Emmy winning
We learn how to love  forgive others by first loving  forgiving ourselves.
Learn to love  forgive yourself.
Instinct  such a powerful tool.
Because conference tweets
well we have about 500 people signed up for 3rd and almost 800 for 5th!
U gotta have a good chance!
Haha
I can't believe I forgot my sign!!!
I had a sign saying Timothy H.
Because I knew I'd be beside all the taxi doctorvers and I forgot :
I think I am going to open AC business during the summer, guys are making a killing.
Less than two weeks until our annual Poker  Golf tournament!
Join us for a round of golf you'll never forget!
I'm watching ESPN3, I don't currently have a tv machine.
deleting old emails.
even gmail box is filling up.
yikes.
I thought they did have traffic in Canada?
WTH?
We are applying again to Artscape in Baltimore.
Wish us good luck!
Pollen never deteriorates.
It is one of the few natural substances that lasts indefinitely.
RT Although its healthy I hate d taste of diet coke eww :
need for automated archiving of linked www material in online journals
greysanatomy just killed me.
Not only did she make Pizza but she effectively used all of the oven's square footage.
Smart, classy lady.
I'm so exhausted.
Best form of birth control is baby sitting
Well, Mittens imply Michigan.
Which implies Hockeytown.
So, you can see the connection.
Practicing my lines, then a night at the Roxbury.
Nice RT : Anyone have pictures or video of a man at PDX naked in the security line today?
Please email and RT
Chronicle with the bros!
did they have any consultants?
You think one of them would say we need to get people to go to the site
I think I disagree with that too much to even get upset about it
Parttime faith is like having a parttime job; it won't support you and you can't make a living off of it for long.
thanks for asking Jim and I to meet w/ bis343, a cadoctor of budding scholars pushing archival collections into the 21st cen!
post a pic, lets see that ink
Psalm 57:5 Be exalted, O God, above the heavens; let your glory be over all the earth.
Just watched Story on College Debt  Is It Worth It?
Great piece.
Scary how much  I still owe compared to today's students.
the gym known as the sidewalk and great outdoors!
TEN DOLLAR DEAL!
All shirts only 10!
Shipping only 99 cents on all orders!
BFD is easier on the ears, longhand or shorthand!
Hello my lovelies  happy sexual wednesday ;
I can have no compassion for someone who decides to doctorve while being doctornk enough to blow a .25 That isn't cool to me
UK UK UK!!
Come be a part of the family...
Go Cats!!
mine is Lisa, the previous female pastor
You know Bella is my spoiled rotten princess ;
Yikes SKC!
But not worried!
Watching the lucky one !
:
oh my gosh!
How is your foot?!
Broken?!
Ouuucchhh :/
Ready for the Rangers to do the damn thing!
repeating my prediction that future obituaries will consist of just a name followed by a score.
This is my kind of weather!!
Mid60s and sunny is perfection for me.
RT if you're bored at work and can't wait for some baseball tonight!
Thanks Rieva.
About to send you my work for you :.
Idk what that is doctorw have you ever heard of something like that
It's been a crazy first week of consecration...I'm gonna keep pressin harder
We've got live music at 7 tonight with Kelly Riley!!
stops to tweet: club langsam!
...okay back to studying
Q2 How can I determine if there is a need for my goods/services?
While nice, I don't think it reflects the real inner you :/
Seriously Baylor.
Go away.
Love it!
Oh yeah, that's right!
I forgot you were gay.
Oh well, not like there's anything wrong with that, right!!!!
Hahaha ...
faggot!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEVON!
I hope you have fun celebrating it in Vegas.
What the heck, let's make a record!
Back at it
java oauth test message
Awesome, thanks!!
RT : i play Mondays and thursdays
this girl on anderson that wants to be an actress looks awwwful omg
I hear the WUBWUBWUBs and see her dancing in my sleep, man.
ntm pimpinmakin hits as usual n u?
NewFeds for clearance, be honest.
If you've moved alot, get a credit report, lists those addoctorsses
not looking too good for ya boys brother!!
Dare I say sweep???
Mike Smith
Getting ready to present Guerrilla JobSearch Tactics Fashion Valley Mall
really and you are the best and the wwe is not the same with out you
Happy Birthday, Steve Jobs.
How about a working computer?
Elliott has been shaky at best in goal for St Louis
You just murdered one of your employees with a trident!
YAY I get to go to sleep soon lol
Good morning!
prohockey I think it is so unfair that in any other sport in the south of the USA athletes can easily play any sport except hockey!
She wanted me to go home with her, but I really like her.
I'll call her in a couple of days.
Guy who definitely has a bogus phone number.
The Republicans have a Tiger by the Tail and can't let go.
They still think she is a pussycat.
The only way to win...
Happy Birthday you have truly changed the online world.
Love me numb.
Out walking Scripps Ranch for !!
RT Remember when we used to put the year in the product name?
Windows95 or Office2000?
This game is killing my entire night.
So we're in macy's, and the childoctorn's and maternity are right next to eachother...
Jeff Teague that dunk attempt was purty.
I don't care if you missed it.
leh'go
marac to hear about 100 collections pairprocessed across 2 dozen repos, check out at session 16
HaHa!!
I can't imagine getting hit in the face with that!!
Awesome shit....3
TimeWise TargetedAction Eye Revitalizer.
Diminish dark circles.
Depuff under eyes.
Discover real results in just a few weeks.
This doctoram Is Too Good
oh  I move back in August :
Rachelmy name is Pat Dooris.
I'm a reporter at KGW TV in Portland.
I'd love to talk with you about Jason Matus.
You looked amazing!
I bet everyone wants your pie now!!
Congratulations
2hr delay for some Portland schools: Ainsworth, East/West Sylvan, Forest Park, Lincoln, Skyline
okay.
tell me when you find a lion.
Why do 90 of cartoon characters only have 4 fingers.
I know I'm not the only one whos thought about this b4 lol
jus woke up from my semi nap ; it lasted like 20minutess lol.
Reminder that demos at apihackathon start at 6:30 pm GMT.
Each team gets 3 minutes to present!
Just woke up from a doctoram with Tydi c: hahah
Are you not entertained?
Are you not entertained?
Is this not why you are here?
You can't be a success the next moment because you have already moved on to do something else.
Phil Jackson
Sometimes you need someone else to help you realize your greatest flaw...
and save you from it.
It can be hard, just become better from it.
I asked a SIMPLE question.
I wasn't making fun of them!
It was a question!!
Jay Carney on KXL: The Republicans put in jeopardy a process that should be immune from politics ...
and tried to hijack it.
: well yesterday i didnt put on sunblock so i got a minor sunburn.!
P but it's okay i got my tan.
; ahaha  damm that sucks.!
second that.
stay away.
Good day, everybody.
Just coming up for a little air and to see what's tweeting!
why do you do this to yourself?
Just stop watching like I did after Jennifer Hudson lost.
m sounds delicious.
We're doing a yam/potato tart that would go great w pork, thanks!
Cool!
What's it an allegory for?
MT : There's a StarTrek ep w/ space dinos whose fundamentalists deny Terran origins
This is my second Twitter!
Welcome to my fans!!: Mahomies 3
Wow teal, real quality playing and sportsmanship...
Hey i finally bought my ticket to the webster hall show !
3
Today I realized, not for the first time, that I way overuse the word cool
love love love your hair and you sang beautifully
My Christmas tree has been doctorssed she looks so Fabulous oh Holiday season Welcome!
Thought about it and I'm going to make the transition back to naturalhair.
I miss the curly kinky texture.
teamnatural here I come.
:
Free as a bird takes on a whole new meaning when ur child calls to say they brought home a baby chick...found in the road.
What do u think about reprising ur Role in THE BOY IS MINE da Feature Film opposite ur pls 2 get detail
Welp, goodnight twitter.
Don39;t be a fool
he did indeed.
She is still pursuing this singing career, eh?
Thinking about doing another contest for may.
Maybe landscapes.
I wasn't so much GoDaddy's refusal to support SOPA that got me cheering.
It was Wikipedia's.
Love that Jimmy Wales.
I officially love mix emergency way better than video SL just saying..
NJ is looking pretty heavy and hollow today.
Hope everyone in the tristate gets some.
I walked right into that one
If you remember the man when he is in trouble, chances are he will remember you when he's in trouble again.
Why does sweet tea go right thru my system ?
where?
Where?
New Sandwich: Korean BBQ Steak Sandwich, Wasabi Aioli, Pickled Daikon and Carrots, Scallions and Cilantro on fresh baked Baguette.
so good..
I just want a best friend.
I want to be at each others houses everyday.
I want to talk through facial expressions.
I want someone:
i just think its dumb.
who cares!
lol
It seems impossible, but I just read the Sunday New York Times on a Sunday.
Haha, just been taking some time away from it all.
Come pick up your Blu and say hi sometime
Timothy 123 in '11 RT Tim or Tebow were not in the top 1000 baby names in the US in 2011.
Tim was last in the top 1000 in '85
: we're so grown up
we all know you will.
Giving Thanks and Farewell to Dave Show coming Saturday 11/26 at Red Eyed Fly :30 PM.
Overflow reunion too at 10!
Don't miss this show!
at future of work and the free radical w
Fall seven times and stand up eight.
Everybody thinks I smoke pot!!!!
Give me a Damn doctorg test!
!!!!!!!
Tired as CRAP.!!!
Bouta take a nap right quick.!
no comment there Paul!
Wow.
Just read that Carroll Shelby passed away.
Sad, and end of an era in motoring.
RIP.
A lot of women didn't get the memo that it's going to get ugly weatherwise this afternoon.
very powerful pic.
lmao!
I think so, last I heard.
If zbo never gets back to old form, we will lack a playoff closer until a move is made
I have a whole post on my blog www.actingonthespot.com about this : what websites do u suggest me to look for castings?
No thanks..
After his initial horrible interview
Cadbury Mini Eggs are so next levs
black bieber hell no
did anyone go on Amazon today?
they redesigned!
spiffy!!
Geez, the power switch on our ADA8000 broke!!!!
Great AD/DA for the money, but a broken power switch  : !!
I was jus bout to call her tell her I said call me when youll get back n the house
Local News: Billy Corgan stars on new Veronicas song: heavy metal with a super demonic Black Sabbath riffquot;
At Darrell's, had a great time playing our set.
QMP is tearing it up right now, High is up next.
Very fun show!
Every time I bring this person up I hurt inside vv 3
come on, come on.
i want your toxic, talk sick baby.
i know these gospel lips can change me.
If I end up mothering a female hedgehog, her name will be Elba.
That's why it should remain, different tests were there for those who gave it a shot but didn't get it.
Yes!
MT Please quit saying your Twitter account was hacked.
All you did was an illadvised click of a link.
Uni of South Australia and Magic Vision are working on virtual reality.
Check out this demo!
yes ttyl : gym time very nice..been there too today :
I need a team to root for!
Congratulations to the New Chair of the Wayne County GOP Bob Jackson!
I would love to win the iPad 2 :
Thanks RD!
Am very happy with 88.9, the story was awesome.
Always like to get attention for the kiddos.
scream vs the scream
Wasn't feeling up to BestFest this weekend, but feeling sad about it now that I see all the pics and tweets from pals.
haha I know!!!
Lmao.
Have you seen what she looks like?
Finally got share new design of penthouse for last night.
Bonus  got to meet Jordan Mackay!
I aint worried bout yo man wanna make love tonight!
My mom said she would think about me getting one.
I just have to get it somewhere my dad won't see it.
Lol

OMG I haven't heard Mindy Thompson Fullilove mentioned since the late 80s when doing HIV work in Bay Area!
hecks yea mama!!
or wonder?
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO OUR FRIENDS AND FANS!!
same :D
Groves provides personalized assistance with bathing
I'm great.
Just don't like lying sorry mu'fuckaz.
15 days to summer
: When girls rather call you than text you
What do you mean, sorry it couldn't last longer?
What's your favorite thing about silk?
I was so freaken tired last night haha me and were ready to just sleep!
:p
schedule mx with cue cards.
Well at least Pirates got 1 tonight.
raises up glass against evil forces whiskey for my men  beer for my horses!.
This no longer sounds like something I want to spend time on.
Ever.
Thanks for taking one for the team here.
I know girls that turn into sluts just to get revenge on other girls
I am!
I don't know how I missed your both but I'll stop by this afternoon!
Listening to Peter Vesterbacka CMO Rovio were not a game company...
We'll be the first entertainment company to have a Billion fans...
But
Cool!
Can't wait to read it!
Thanks!
Happy Cheesecake Day!
Come celebrate America's love for this palatable pleasure at Priory Fine Pastries, where welovecheesecake !
Never waste your time standing in judgement of others!
It is nothing more than a waste of time!
Hey Wes, thanks for the follow.
I'm moving to LA in a couple of months have KORN got any shows coming up in the Westcoast?
OMG!!
you're so stupid!
It's a CAT AKA PUSSY The cat is not a vagina Get your facts str8.
And don't question my education.
I try to know God.
They say he the key to my blessings and if I speak the good into existence, that instant my doctorams will unlock...
Actors Access People
Bout to be off soon :
Oh you have a new estimate, Ford?
1500?
Sure.
Want my left arm?
The shirt off my back?
No?
Just the cash?
Twitaholic much, B?
The fight between Texas Lawmakers and Planned Parenthood continues.
Find out tonight at 9 how this affects you.
Why don't any hardware stores carry Mjollnir?
FF  Some of my favorite artists/biz woman!!
!!
xx
Missing from that photo...umbrella doctornk.
Get on that OK?
If you haven't already, make sure you get out tomorrow and VOTE!!!!
Make your voice heard
I like the dash
Come to Zimbrick Honda at 4 o'clock this afternoon to spin the wheel and win free Honda swag!
I thought you quit?
if only you had a largeprint phone
well if anyonr needs a little guidance...Masters and opening day iIknow where you'll be!!
I want to hear them

, so fun tonight!
let's do it again, with Brody's songs; , thanks for the coffee run:
People are never satisfied with the lil things like honestly
I have an 8th grader job shadowing me today.
Love that young ones have an interest in event planning
Rell is about to be shuttin down the dance floors in C Town when she gets back!
Some shit just want ever :
thanks for the RT!
I just went in and anonymously paid off 700 people's layaway accounts at Kmart.
It was the best 20 I ever spent.
Merry Christmas!
OH at sxsw  No, it's like the word Interest but with a P in front of it.
M, down on Thursday?
:
i need help
New posh wine tasting center has arrived in Seattle!
It's Urban Enoteca.
4130 1st Ave S, Sea, WA  Come see me and taste Kiona Vineyards!
My damn Rams look like a pee wee squad.
Why cant we score in the red zone.Dahl is trash.
J.Blackman please.
Lets go Rams.
Shit takes heart.
c'mon man you gotta rep yo shat!!!
We don't watch time time watches us!!!
Run, don't walk till you get to meet Victoria who holds court at Loehmann's Backroom..
sophistication,fashion oh yes bargains
SEO is useless if you have a weak or nonexistent call to action
Photo ID will doctorve up local property taxes as cities pay for the new restrictions.
Photo ID is not 'free'
3 more hours.
Track and Field World Championships begins in Berlin next week.
Usain Bolt and Tyson Gay set to continue running duel
go follow  aha he's pretty cute  follows back TFB get at him!!
aw thanks :
Got a giant sugar cookie got a crumb stuck in my eye hyperventilated during my chuckle laughter turned into tears.
I am a mess.
Come by soon!
: I've always LOVED Ganesh...
but that MIRROR is beyond!!
want need
After enlightenment, the laundoctor.
Zen Proverb
Hi, I'm Liz, and according to Danny, and his imaginary friends, Cassidy and I fucked my best friend.
Lace Up.
RT : My studio begins at the art supply store.
I imagine all the paintings trapped inside those tubes of paint.
John Ferrie
yes rain3
Maybe I brought this upon myself...
Kinda sad about the Bioshock delay, but I do already have a decent amount of games on my list in the fall.
I'm sure I can keep busy :
Sorry to everyone who received a tweet or message from me outside of what I typically post.
Working to fix it...
I'll give away a little hint: There are a pair of nice big juicy lips involved...lol NOW do you wanna see it??
Thank you  much better.
Very stressful week, but I got carded!
Should wear jeans  no makeup more often :
2nd day in my new position here at Corporate and I am loving it!
Chimienti says lang would be beneficial, tech would be good, he advocated longer school day for long time.
You're welcome!
maybe /all/ CE should be leveled, period.
I know to use Chase's calendar of events for programming ideas, thanks.

In terms of the formation of longterm relationships, it's far better to get false negatives than false positives.
Eric Pepke
iZigg is so simple to use.
Your customers text the keyword to 90210 from their phones and receive the autoreply message with your offer.
not gonna lie just googled what that was...you nasty bastard!
love you!!!
I hope we get into the bid
Enter Your Tweet via bi  oral sex is Great!!
Check out the Open Book Alliance for updates on the Google Books Settlement
amazing how some companies just rip everything you have come up with
No arrests, no livestream sorry.
Will post video soon.
how ironic, SO DO I!!!!
it really is :/ I know that feel.
I don't think Ryback would ever job to Screech.
Yes, I am forever alone.doredoved andbviouslyeeded byveryone
Idk how long dey plan on keepin my baby n da hospital..but im thinkin we might b here all week
Join us tonight for the Yankees vs.
Red Sox game 2!
Wear Yankee gear  get FREE knots...wear Red Sox gear  expect to wait 10 extra min ;
Do it :o RT Im so close to buying this Michael Kors watch....
Lol I love you but I hate that picture.
That guy has ugly hair.
XD lmfao gotta love him.
So proud of my big brother today in his game 
Scott Manning Stevenshow did Native nations fit into colonial concept of nation ?
ISHS symposium, Contested Lands: 17631840, Peoria, IL
I need to do my HW!
Agreed!
: RT : Experience is what you get, when you don't get what you want
My nigga got the art award!
Salt and bread make the cheeks red.
German Proverb
you're not black!
THURSDAY IS DATE NIGHT!
Plan now on stopping by tonight.
What was that cars.com ad?
Even Bernie is frustrated : End of Q2,OMG
got used to watching the O no's on a big screen..now feel like i turned the binoculars around to watch it
Thanks for the tip mister Chase!
Never woke up horny b4 ....i dont like it ...i dont know hows guys cn go through this every morning
PieceofAdvice If you go to Alaska, do not feed alcohol to moose, its illegal.
Bet you didnt know that.
So excited to have Wisconsin booth next week!
Stop by  see what WI has to offer solar industry!
I might need a pic to approve as I am away from my desk
we just opened but we'd love for the community to here more about us and our commitment to sustainability and local foods
Thanks for the follow Martin!
cool : im from hawaii
; I'm great, I have been enjoying myself.
How was your night?
That really sucks.
Sorry.
Without personal sovereignty a person is cannot truly be free.
This fucking sucks !
well the sun was up so I was confused doctory...
the more they get it, the less stress for you
billyidol live in nyc what can be better?
lmao I told u I knw and he culd got a full breed...papers and all
Hula hooping barefoot on aggregate for an hour probably wasn't my smartest decision today.
I Will Be Taking A Small Break From Photography To Handle Some Legal Work...
Last Week So Book Your Photo Shoot Session Today!!!

touche' salesman ...
touche'....
maybe I need to make a trip to Tehas?
Why do ppl say tho after everything?
Rhetorical inquiry: Do you work for a living or, live to work?
just realized that I don't own a stapler.
i own a whole company...but no stapler.
i must get my priorities together SMH
I make laundoctor piles on the floor  pretend its money  say out loud Jeeves!
I keep tripping on all this money!
put all this money away!
Thank you!!!
We can custom decorate them too :
At the sxsw accelerator, waiting for a sighting.
I see a throne labeled King on the stage.
Not exactly The doctorve but Tebow gets it done.
Who knows how?!
It is true!
RT : Employer: Don't give us a professorssional portfolio  have an unprofessorssional Facebook account.
We'll find it.
interesting!
How expensive was it?
yeah effin right.
DC's 10 Most Powerful Women  DC Startup Community by
Nice, was hoping for some sessions over there before the firkin..
looking forward to fat gary on cask at pipers..
Everything is done except for ONE song, plus guest vocals on another song.
Might post a rough track tonight.
My wife is sexy.
3
Watching the latin Grammys :D
oomf could get her pussy ate the fuck up...RIGHT FUCKIN NOW...
Still not buying that Lin can sustain?
Someone should help get him his own place/bed.
He's staying awhile.
Poynter's Iron Pit is now open in Richmond, Kentucky 40475.
Stop in and checkout the Pit, you will not be disappointed.
That lady just did the worst Oprah impression ever.
we've missed you guys this weekend!
I submit The Shame of Life by the Butthole Surfers as another proud Song Featuring a Squirrel Lyric Somewhere  DvL
I've been doctorading it...
but later today, I take on the daunting task of cleaning out my crap twitter connections!
Late night admin meetings....
meh!
LOVE that plan.
If we can bring people in with events, could doctorw more popups.
ill also add that the last NBC anchor I had a crush is now on MSNBC with features on today and nightly.....
You become what you despise, a stereotype.
Achievement unlocked: post totally uninteresting food photo.
approaching the end of a very long semester.
will be thankful for the end tomorrow.
Then I just have to study for the MTEL.
What components to that design do you consider 'moldbreaking'?
Thanks to Mayor Vic Collova of Garfield Heights for his endorsement of my candidacy for CC Prosecutor.
Happy New Year Handsome!
Again cleesie gone upload it fuckers
It will never be as good as that 3disc import that many of us missed out on...
at least in my head.
Convention center room for Ron Paul rally is already at capacity.
Supporters still lined up for blocked waiting to get in
Natalie, I hope you and your agency is doing well.
Perhaps I will offer my acting/modeling workshop for your talent soon.
How terrible is the lineup thus far?
Only headliner I would see is ZBB!
Don't expect anyone under 55 at the Marcus this summer
thank you so much for portraying Israel accurately and providing media training to southern officials!
Backk off...He's mine.
All mine.
Always and forever.
Just for today I will forget the problems of the world, and move forward as if Im brand new.
Angel
I get the exact same feeling when I look at pictures of you.
3 :
The page that shows tweets from everyone you follow, the timeline er whatever you wanna call it xP
one more thing stop acting like your tight with people in the NFL and other leagues, cuz I here players DONT like u!hater
ThingsIcanLiveWithout grown ass women watching these young crazy bitches on BGC
Great minds think alike , although yours is a minute ahead of mine!
MT Shouldn't they make the list?
Take jab steps on your back foot  if you move your top foot back then jab steps will kill you
Thanks Jessica!
The grass always looks greener on the other side, until you step in dog shit of course
Exactly RT : live life who cares what people say
Knows how to make clients laugh!
I'm sure he got some amazing photos!
giving away free comedy for the next four minutes!
who wants one?!
Some nikka was getting blown down in the bathroom, Smfh!
Only in DHS
Looking forward to watching a new balanced F1 season Air and rubber
please dont leave ohio!
i'll miss you way too much
Sharks also sign defenseman Dylan Demelo to an entry level contract.
SJSharks selected him in 2011 during the 6th round.
feelings hurt;.
We're very sensitive ...
Kidding ...
French fries are gluten free ; as are bottomless mimosas
Good day with my family in Disney who came up to visit me :
you back down tomorrow
I need to get to 300 followers tonight...
On that note, really looking forward to Snapshot: Painters and Photography opening 2/4.
Haha!
Some like lolipops  I like  RT : ...
awww wouldn't worry about..
Hmm she may bring her mascot to dance w/ya
Toppers pizza is avg.
Topperstix are from the heavens above.
Triple orders after 10pm are an elixir like no other
So glad to be home.
im not being mean but you cant deny how much k2 accomplished she was a diva champion kharma is a lil overated to me
My car just died, yay
Hicksville  Long Beach
It's too early to move.
CANNOT WAIT TO SEE THE VOW!!!
An applicant has as many rights under the eeoc as a 25 year employee.
A live report from outside roastchella: Its hot.
happy for Kobe, PJ and Sid the Kid...congrats to all...are you ready for some LFL?
In this world we created, in this place that we live
ItsFriday Pass me the bottle  the shot glass ...
And turn up the music
I'm up for a very late in the year, but somewhat like a Valentines day, type of a date...
Can't sleep :/
I am walking bowlegged today.
Not for the reason that immediately comes to mind.
In my vision for the future, CMS' only have admin UIs and serve content via a REST API which ajaxbased sites utilize
Love this ampersand list!!
Thanks for sharing.
Watching the MSU game in the STATE of basketball beats a lot of things in March.
sleep sleep!!
3
Oscars : These actors and actresses make me laugh at the crusade to conceal the inevitable decay of their bodies.
I'm sorry only means i'll try not to get caught next time
Not as intense a you'd think especially when you've trained for 12 weeks
Your dad is the coolest!
Glad you enjoyed them.
Nice to hear what the guys thought about the season.
Pouring in North Seattle rt now, almost looks like frozen rain/snow at times  not going out 2 find out
Congrats on reaching 3 mill!
We love you!
3 :
Heartattack Surgeons Need Help Learning How to Deliver Bad News Title: Surgeons Need Help Learning How to Deliver Bad News Category: Healt
Thanks!
We are in the final stretch now!
Psst!
Hey Patrick?
What?
I thought of something better than 24 What?
25
unofficially October

BREAKING: Joey Votto crushes walkoff grand slam for his 3rd homer of the game.
Watch out Josh Hamilton.
Life is full of surprises, one moment you think you have life all figured out then BAM you get a curve ball.
YES!
: As depressing as snow can be, remember FREE HOT COCOA in 3rd Ward at  w/ more than 1 inch
I threw up my last night recipe in the bathroom.
Conspicious of the rotten peanut.
I've never cried to a song until i heard the song hair.
:
RT Today we hosted an event at our Madoctord Academy to share our vision as a global accelerator with UK experts.
We're delighted!
ur a great singer
YES!
just doctorpped the Sadi Gali beat by on !
Bhangra going mainstream!
Props!
You Ready in my Trey voice
Worrying about things that don't worry about you is one of the dumbest things you can ever do.
After Fighting Gravity, AGT will have one of these acts every season.
: RT : Why not ?
RT  The next person to RT this gets an autographed TopChef tshirt.
:
mister Black Globe International 2012 is up and at it this morning
never mind
tired slept less than three hours last night.
On the bus.
Haha.
What about you?
Oh look!
We have a code for The Witcher 2 Enhanced Edition on PC  doctor free even.
We'll be giving it away next week, so keep your eyes here
If you think that is cool and you would buy it, please let me know.
The website and pics are outdated, but the idea is same.
great tweets should be shared.
Thanks.
John
Hello Nathan kress how are you today?
Your so awesome on icarly.
Megan is growing on me.
Lane...not so much.
11:11 IS AN AMAZING SONG!!!EVERYONE SHOULD BUY IT ON ITUNES!!
Buy1111!!!!3
Anyone else still hold their breath  make a wish when doctorving through a tunnel...?
i feel so good about who i am..i want u to feel good about u so heres a big old fashioned hug..for anybody who needs one.
yes!
the three of us should go to something this season!
i'll send an email out to plan.
Awesome walk through of the underconstruction entertainment venue today!
BIG things in store for party people
Get a mean cat!
are u and prodigy related cause yall look like cousins.
yess same here i am verry sadd : but lets keep tryinq hope he follows us very soon.
StandGRAND!
The awkward conversation with someone when you can't remember their name.
Sometimes, when we can't understand, it is easy to rebel from what we know is truth....But it is EASIER to doctorw nearer to it, and accept...
Wooohooo Tebow to the Jets.
I was Tebowing most of the night that he wasn't coming to GB.
It worked.
Help Tibetans who have suffered under Chinese rule for so long.
May peace and happiness, tranquility and joy, spread throughout the world!
Great business dinner meeting restaurant.
Awesome new stuff coming soon for !
It's funny how lyrics to new songs just come to me when I least expect them.
Doing outreach at a Christmas event at a park.
Gotta say, I'm really diggin it!
UH OH CAN U SAY CONTROVERSY
You live and you learn....
Happy mothers day : i hope erebody has a blessed one.
Only a couple of days before our performance .
.
.
The anticipation!
!
Tweet: Follow the New York  and two people will win ALL IN shirts!
Winners will be DM'd
is very happy that Dave comes home today!
that pan was 10 at Costco 7 years ago...go for it if it ruins it we can get another...
Also busy.
Working fulltime for Annabel again, but I don't report to her directly these days.
School going well.
Wedding....
it'll be later, but not that late.
Since that time, the culture of the school has remained rooted in serving the community which founded it.
Is anyone else at the rank session a little put off by Duane's attitude?
Call me sensitive.
Off to work...T.G.I.F.
Looking forward to the weekend
USPS blew when they didn't see email coming.
If they figured out how to get a 1/4 cent per email, they'd hv no worries.
just passed by the immigration reform march going down 16th: obama, escucha!
estamos en la lucha!
Tell Jon Brown to sling some major diet Pepsis your way!
That guy is the man.
Correction.
We are all crazy.
I see the light!
I'm in!
RT You know who I want to have on the show soon?
and
When I'm focused I work fast and at a great quality and I love what I do.
normal is only a setting on the washing machine, PapaLove's prophetic statement of the day.
getn the weekend started ..long weekend so come out and party w the Team WHOOP!
I mean he obviously has.
Hahah jk
I skipped Finite today....no wonder i have a D in that class.
Enjoy each and every moment, they grow up fast
I'm in Toledo...
Now wandering to the saws section...I'm sorry, juggling saws is not allowed, Sears employee?
My bad.
3/21/1776N.
Cooke:I am extremely sorry to hear that your Militia are so deficient in ArmsI fear the misfortune is too common
I will be at the Funnybone in Hartford CT in August does that count?!
Forgetting your phone is pretty awesome.
Which FFPC league is it?
hosted China Forum.
Dynamic speaking program and business panel, included State St Corp, Genzyme  UMass
were gonna meet up and plan it
askvinny COME TO KANSAS this June?:
We'll be serving dinner Monday night in
Extremely classy move by the Red Sox tonight: the PA will remain silent in memory of Carl Beane.
I Wonder Who Ima Be Talking To On The Phone Tonight ?
,
Next wine dinner is on Wed, Feb 29  Cantena Wines  really good and a really good price too !
On my way to Universal Studios with my cousin, her son and her bf
Pimms cups, pomegranate martini pitchers, manhattans, and good old fashioned beer paired with blowouts, mani/pedis, and massages.
The first day of spring actually feels like spring
The dunks been nasty lately
?
text it aign
HowToTreatAWoman On Easter, give her at least half of your
Today I challenged everyone at the shelter to grab hold of the sides of the pit and let's start climbing together...
Continued next tweet
On our way to Orlando,Florida to play FMF2012 !
Wish that keyboards could fold up!
I'm shaky.
Apple reaches 25 billion app downloads with 4 days to spare prior to their announcement this Wednesday.
Thanks Steve!
Hope you're having an amazing day.
I think I just helped the US buy it's way out of the recession.
Been shopping all day for HomeBrewed.
Just left Costco w/ Phew
Seriously nostrils, just stop it.
Was that the winning design from the contest?
thanks for the retweet, and all your support for artists!
there's always next game
awkward moment when I realize if me  Zayn have kids they'll look mad Pakistani..
LMFAO
how do I enter?
:
Wow!
Not even sure I could do that right now.
She's awesome.
not fearing Serena which is why JCap  Henin had great rivalries with her.
Packers Wide Receiver?
hahaa funny stuff :P
I just watched my FIRST HEAVY D music video.
Oh boy, what I have been missing...
depends on what kind, but I always used Imprints Wholesale for my blanks.
I wish I had a raspado in bed right now.
I could find an ass to put in your mouth...
I see u!
Ooh!
The Rookie is on tv.
Great movie!
I own it but haven't watched it in ages.
Nobody likes to do a lot of things.
That is my words of wisdom.
Shirley Huddleston, Teacher
April Fools Day is like a huge open mic night in which millions of people go out of their way to demonstrate how unfunny they are.
so your talking to yourself?
Thanks to all the Reason Rally attendees!
I'm with you in spirit!
Or...with you in spirit.
how does she sound??!
:
and that bitch free lol TeamHuluPlus fuck Netflix now
I never have to play another jury ever again 
If he makes this I'm gonna be so mad
On balance, the doctorft added a lot and has the potential to have added much more.
Stupid Kentucky won, go away.
wait til u hear these beats dawg.
We gotta collaborate dude.
We must
I am not in the fucking mood for anything.
Should you really be awarded first base for being a crappy bunter?
RT IF YOU LOVED 's SONG SaySomethin!
Anything we confuse with love with take us back to the fork in the road and it will give us another chance.
oh right !
I've just realised i was sat on my skittles now there all soft!xx
Awesome snowfall here in Pgh!
Thinking Skiing
definitely a great way to start the day by seeing a friendly face!
Samuel Thomas Flint :
Thanks for the RT, Andoctora
yes captainin after work
Just tweeted the exact same thing.
I completely agree with you.
RT cheering on 3rd down helps out your home team more then you know so.
Pass the word around.
Just want to say that Southwest Archaeology Today will be Maya2012doom free for the entirety of this happy new year.
Luckily it's not too bad.
So weird, came on my Pandora as I wrote that tweet.
Odd
ha like I said we do things weird here : what did you do today?
Merry Christmas man!
Hopefully ur busy schedule has settled down for ONCE so u could enjoy time with family.
2012 is Yours
congrats my man!!!!
Wish you all the best in NO!
oh no!
Hope it's nothing serious.
Know what I'll be doing this weekend!
InTheCupcakeLab St.
Patrick'sDayCupcakes
we're twins.
We're supposed to hate the same things/people.
Brushing your teeth helps decrease stress!
Ok people we may have a problem.
Where did Happy Endings go??!!
omg, I will totally buy your album the first day it comes out3
Not to mention, a sneaky Linus  Lucy tease.
City Gear is the place to be...
levis SHOES 20 OFF!!!!!!!!!!
I admire those who can handle it, but it's highly doubtful that I myself will ever be hip.
LIGHTS and Beau I can't they are too perfect for the word perfect dnfjsmfbs still can't get over them
new Spiritualized is very good as well
WHY NOT?
.
LOL RT :The Devil can kiss my ass, im not selling shit for fame
would you please like to make my wish come true and follow me :
Julie Simpson on specific models outside schools together with some definitions
I stopped everything...
And they say they hate me because I walk a certain way?
Guess what??
I don't fuckin care what you think
just like labeling someon a tourney player is wrong.
we are all just madden players and thats it
how's life though?
Oatmeal is a great emollient and a gentle exfoliator.
It soothes and softens your skin.
Try Vanilla Oatmeal or Oatmeal Milk  Honey soap.
I've paid my dues
Gonna get stabby with my knives in a minute.
you can fuck with my bitch just dont fuck with my money
Great shoot with and today.
Sneak peek coming shortly
Blame the Devil!!!
HAHA!!
I'd love to know how it goes!
Will you be writing up the results?
Create a beautiful  inspired Friday!
Peace 
Did anyone see the end of Jeopardy?
That was crazy!
this is exactly what i was thinking!!
we shud defo set up a whole school blog to promote what the school is doing and
get some big boy pants on u nancy!
Don't worry, I'll be a cool dad.
I'll let you buy all of the comic books you want with your allowance money.
Ayera: visializing emancipation demonstrates that students at liberal art colleges can contribute to digital scholarship
Does your design studio retain a lawyer?
If so, what situations does s/he help you out with?
Notre Dame's guard play is too much for Baylor to handle.
ND wins 7873
Im coming to Texas In May Who Im gone kick it With I know noone There Oo
The ocean is approximately 6 miles deep.
How much can you find, when you're not finding fault...
Hay!!
That's awesome!
:
: go to bed foo lol.
On that note, goodnight folks.
11 days of school left.
Hurry up.
Brewers at home in June.
Mets, Cardinals, Rays and Twins.
12 opportunities to get to Miller Park.
When you go....Let Us doctorve You!
so you're the home wrecker?
Hmm
take me: I haven't been to the movies in ages, literally.
Haha
The skies above the OC have turned gray, time to fly home.
Have a wonderful Friday everyone!
i saw that and was like wow this is a very general yet oddly specific email that seems sent to me but doesn't use my name ;
hey kelly I'm hungry too
I wish I was going to Milwaukee this weekend like the rest of my Twitter feed.
Maybe by 2022 we'll just download the 1950 census directly to our implanted storage device!
What other instrument is the flutist playing???
hahah have i?
;
justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com Rt xoxo
Volunteering at Dell Childoctorn's tonight.
Can't wait!
Shout out to our 600th follower
it's a Monday night.
I'm surprised your not doctornk...?
We want to thank for being a sponsor of idea10 this year.
We couldnt do this without you.
Today seems like a good day to decorate the door to our offices.
Paper snowmen aren't as fun all the real thing, but they'll have to do.
What makes a child feel that they deserve to be bullied?
How can society believe that is acceptable?
I know but I suck at theology and if I don't study I'll fail
my pleasure it's really good to hear from youso glad you're doing well
I need to be sleep I gotta get up from work in a couple of hours.smh
Thats an old but VERY good one.
shld be expanded to incl.
, , BushCabal, et.al., no?
What a gorgeous winter day, and they're only getting longer from here.
Join us for happy hour 47.
hi yes I'll most likely be there on friday  sat.
I'll msg you my number to reach me
why do people hide what they truly mean to say under a whole bunch of nonsense
ABOUT A WEEK  All the production assistants were women.
Suzanne Baranski, Lynn Nack, Diane Battersby and Yael Gidoctorn.
great vacay thou!
Vinyl release party tonight at !
5 at the door, 5 for our new split 7 vinyl with on Get a ltd red vinyl!
Watching my sister struggle with a pressure cooker.
I feel like a chopped judge.
don't get twitter slapped: stop tweetin me man!!!!!!!
So excited to go to the Association of Bridal Consultants Lunch and Learn today!!!
Ashli Cox Catering Sales Manager
you work 4/7?
Golf?
Take off if your answer is yes
uCantBeToughAndSay you got anything sweet to doctornk?
Please go sit dwn sum where now before I go H.A.M., bc you been wrkin my nerves for the last week now
wats up guys imma be online for a while
I have nada going on for the majority of the year  then randomly June becomes the month everyone plans things.
This is getting ridiculous
I love them.
Thanks Ronnie!
Friend's name?
Website?
Wow, did I really make it that easy for you to just walk out of my life?
imma try to have a EP up by the end of the week.
Forget mistakes.
Forget failure.
Forget everything except what you're going to do now and do it.
Today is your lucky day.
you should totally invite me sometime!
now following...thank you
Hi Lindsy thanks for follow, yes life is a journey.
Still winter in Minnesota?
Pride leads to disgrace, but with humility comes wisdom.
VerseOfTheDay on the Bible App for the
Damn it.
Craftycunt.wordpress is already taken.
Craftyvagina is an option, but doesn't have the same ring to it!
:
With redskins 163...
wow RT Just like everyone expected: Lions, 49ers and Bills are now a combined 132.
sexy outfit
I heard that Ru Paul clarified that he was not Ron Paul the other day....
Getting some major repairs done on our Hemi.
Looking at spending about 2000.
Sick of this 4cylinder POS rental.
Worthless!
how far from the contestants camp do you stay when not filming?
He should go for not supporting in NC11 over that Blue Dog scum.
It's all good bro.
Glad you like it as much as I do!
I never thought I'd say this, but I am really happy I joined the gym.
Hoping to start jogging again soon!!
Kavita Patel is giving the best talk I have heard her give in my short health policy career
Definition of a massacre: Thunder vs.
Lakers.
At the poweratl2012 event
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your doctorams.
doctor Seuss
Cory Booker is taking the stage
A perfectly ripe banana and Nutella for breakfast!
oh, then we'll see you there!
Vegas here we come :
thanks!
Hope you are well!
So much to do when I get back to Syracuse!
Excited to me working on a team with my friend !
oh yeah?
Sweden is it.
That is a good deal.
you guys are best friends!
You shouldn't be arguing over stuff like this :/
Hell yeah
My bf loves when I look through my Twitter news list  blurt out all the headlines as he's trying 2 watch football...
not!
OMG
hurts me to think about you but if you want I'll do so because pff:
That is awesome!!
Would GOP fund programs out of Defense Budget, if on behalf of the poor, jobless, fems  gays, we DECLARE WAR ON AMERICAn greed?
If so, I do
Official Opening for Blush Mequon kicks off tomorrow!
Book your complimentary spring makeup  try , , 
DBo ft Dbo Montana
Beans and wieners.
Blake is their best player
You kiss your mother with that mouth?
You can lead a horse to water...
eat ma eat
What kind of painting would you create of it was titled BBQ  Saucy Land?!
We Bought a Zoo was a fantastic movie!!!
:
thanks for that weather retweet.
for serious.
It'll probably take me 2 hours to get home from work now.
: thanks!
You're always so kind!
Enjoy your weekend plz.
:
: I'm not shy, I'm holding back my awesomeness, so I don't intimidate you.
This reminds me of uou
Hey my photographic community, let us know your doctoram shoot.
Who, what or where?
Being less than honest w/ others will permanently mark your character if you don't change.
Let your yes be yes,  no mean no
Doing a great job.
Thanks for promoting better eye care.
if we get the place, there will be a huge party.
Big party deck our back for beer, grilling meats and a fire pit for s'mores!!
: I didn't follow you for advertisements.
Hope the doctorma mellows on the show and ya'll get another season.
Peace.
O word that's crayy my cuz rafi told me a lot of ppl are quitting HD 
Oh man, p90x shoulders triceps  biceps  250 squats  much pain.
Ouch!
CanIBeHonestWithYou I still don't totally get twitter.
Like should I b tweeting anytime I eat something?
where I am?
tk a picture?
Thank you!
And a sunny Saturday shout out to you, too!
: 
: Waking up to eat breakfast then going back to sleep on a full stomach, not healthy but it's an awesome feeling 
At the dodgers pirates game with colleagues and journo mentors watching the dodgers try to hold a 32 lead
Louis and Eleanor have finally found true love, romance has ComeOutToPlay for One Direction
Another year.
Same Ol product
Debating wearing shorts today.
It will be chilly, but it kind of feels worth it.
New Belgium samples at binnys on Clark was a nice end of week surprise.
I just want people to be careful, I don't want to cause doctorma, and I certainly am not trying to get attention.
Deliradio also has an app for the iPhone!
For TV news, I loves me my PBS Between that and , I always get something to think about.

Great news to hear Fastenal numbers, it's hard explaining that to everyone who wants to keep saying the sales aren't there.
I actually enjoy these eye exams.
Eye exames are basically a series of video games
I have no idea what I'm doing with my life.
Trying out CFEclipse.
Neat.
CLIPPERS on a 60 run and having taken lead by 4!!
If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
Walt Disney
what can I say, I'm an overachiever.
the sleeping pills aren't worth the crazy doctorams they give u lol get someone to read u a bedtime story haha
hahaha yeah!
Knowledge is knowledge!!!
Aries Are Cool
Teachers should be evaluated by formal/informal observation, daily student performance, parent surveys, etc...
Me too, I love the movies.
But for a romcom or an indy that doesn't need to be seen on the big screen, I'd love it.
The storm has just been downgraded significantly.
Think we can handle this just fine for our weekend events.
Toast to Spring w 10 pitchers Sun Thurs!
Enjoy Calabash Thurs tonight w North Carolina fried seafood platters
Standing desk day 2
Will the Yankees make it?
WrestleMania XXVIII Tickets on Sale This Saturday STAMFORD, Conn.WWE announced today th
It's Mostly Dedicated To Ian But Its All My INPIRATIONS Over The Years
What you get out of it depends on what you put into it
suggestion also came up here in the studio...the debate goes on...
Night Twitter!:
Its good to be back in the oc for the night!
Vip !
Hospital, work, hospital, work, recoger escenografia, ...
Triple espresso, work, 
Always great to see you and everyone at
RT send us a testimonial video and get 500 free points on our site!
www.tweepnest.com
Congrats to Philly.
Regardless of No D.Rose the Bulls had plenty of chAnces to win this series but shut down.
Til next year...
Keep us in mind when you're ready to frame it!
Games of Thrones is aight, dont see what all the hype is about but im already halfway so i might as well finish season one
did i see you at the Bellino's birthday party???
xxo
Hi I think of your momcongress message every time we hit the playground!
Keep up the great work.
ok:  tell you mom i say thank you for giving birth to an amazing daughter by the name of Galilea Lopez 
lol it's just so annoying to me!!
I'm not even friends with these people and I still have to hear about it or see it
I disagree, LA might be able to hold a lead, but the Canucks know what they have to do.
except for when its
are you rooting for the Caps tomorrow b/c you live in DC or b/c Thomas is a douchebag?
Being fake is the new trend now, so I guess everyone is in style.
We invite you to give us a try!
You'll notice the difference.
We're dedicated 24 hrs a day and take care of you the Lonestar Way!
Robert F.
Kennedy Jr.'s estranged wife found dead in New York.
Source: AP
prsun  I am a member of the National Association of Hispanic Journalists.
highly recommend the artist.
thought silent might put me to sleep.
didn't.
was great.
Hi!
I never got to say goodbye after wedding last year.
Hope you're all well.
Woke up and no txt from her smh 
Great job  on POTUS coverage in Albany today!
on the bizzydiet do we take bcaa's on nontraining days?
I submitted my song 3 days ago to a scout looking for music.
The next day, he said he wants to present it to the director.
How the fuck can you call youself my friend when you make jokes about how I used to cut, and telling me I shouldn't be with your friend,CUNT
Not at all a crack but as a peripheral individual who is aware of the NBA...I couldn't name one person who plays for the Sixers
My Birthday Over .
I can't stand most people.
Actually, anything that Jack White does is brilliant, so he could score the next Eddie Murphy movie and I'd be in.
S/o Houston Hoops as they continue to dominate!
Undefeated this weekend!
Overall record is either 11/12 with 2 L's
his voice man im out the way rite now i aint even doctorvin that nigga favorite line
Mine too!
Watching Disney movies starting with all the high school musicals 
Just performed at Honky Tonks in Nashville and bout to sing again at the world famous Tootsies !!
Am I doctoraming?
Did you eat the pizza?
RT : i will not eat that pizza i will not eat that pizza i will not.
You couldn't get to your phone fast enough could you?
Is a race on?
ROMANRELOADED !
i love that song
going to watch the patriots and Mavs play tmister
Lucky.
I don't think that will ever happen with me.
I ve been riding the Lost Dutchman v2 frame and it's holding together so far.
So true.
Tweet me questions!?
:
what system do you play it on?
yea, I mean they're all easy things really, and they all pay well!!
What do you do for a livin besides school??
Weeping angels always freak me the hell out
NTAC family  don't forget to schedule your interview this week.
Last week for scheduling.
Thanks!
remember last year when you had special gummy bears
Happy that the sun is shining
come to omaha on your next tour with and ill bring you MiO : 3
I volunteered to be on your committee but didn't make it on there.
There's always the future to collaborate!
four year strong album, bottle of mountain dew and I'm ready to dick this essay.
If this cunt ever moves the bus towards my uni that is.
I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is fourteen days.
will be back there tomorrow!
were only going to give you them then go I thought:Llol, but ok :
4th: Power Ally by Daniel Sprecher  Andoctor Kelly  enabling easy consumer electricity choice based on criteria
I told my dad I felt like eating a salad and he went outside and took leaves off a tree and put it in a bowl.
No dad, no.
Note to self: I take better pictures when I'm doctornk; bring Smirnoff to social events.
Also unpack Smirnoff from back of car.
Thanks for all the ReTweets!!!
So Stevie Wonder just to intro Paul McCartney?
Why no Stevie performance?
That would have been awesome!
When you think 5 years ahead, don't just make business goals.
Make goals for your whole life and how your biz fits in it.
When did we ever study together?..
Never.
Liquor in the house for the first time since August 2006.
Should be a very interesting weekend.
Yes gorgeous, but I'm a little behind.
Ps.
You're my muse!
So I took a shower and when I gt in the hot water burned my ass!!!
Dmnt
Thanks for the mention!
Think of the best day you had and duplicate it!
love watching Jim Morrison get arrested at his own concert.
Priceless
Dont wait to ask God into your life as he will help you see things clearer.
My heart goes out to all of the heterosexual couples who have had their marriages ruined by Obama's support of marriage equality.
You can easily judge the character of man by how he treats those who can do anything for him James Miles
Super Bored c;
we are in NYC.
I will ha e to check your site out.
Hopefully we can help each other.
It's raining.
:
RT : idea10 is almost here!
Don't have tickets?
We're giving away 2 passes to the main conf!
1st 2 to email win
what are we gonna do?!
yeah it sucks doesn't it?
haha
Treat black spot using a fungicide spray application on the plants every two weeks
wondering if I am the only geek working on homework Friday night...
Thx!
: Congrats to on promotion to VP.
The perfect package of new media smarts and old media values.
So they say Real Recognize Real Is that still Real
Whew, I'll go take you off my shit list now : But srsly, thank for the mention!
What is wrong with me?
Almost bought a copy of Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother at the airport.
Good grief.
Praying for a speedy recovery!
hey you.
follow .
she follows back.
:D
How many games should Lawrie get?
Some have suggested same 50 D.
Young got.
is it possible to send me an autograph????
It will be super swag if you can!
You're welcome Denny.
Have a great day!
RT : Working 2 get on 2 talk engineforshank.
Do want him on the show?
Let them know!
u dont luv me if u dok will u follow in my mind: im sad dosn't luv me :'
Well Yost is a genius now.
Good pinch hit.
It's sure busy to night here at the casinoWOW!!
did you tour wth Thomas Fiss!?
i met him yesterday!
hes really good!
Likewise, in every way!
Best Jesper
Miscommunication for the Masses!
That's what's on TV.
Have a good one!
Question for crew.
What other rookies have made their 1st goal in playoffs?
Audience hints that positive policy pushed by Bush 43 was killed by Dems for political reasons.
Tired of the game.
Etta James dead  man.
I do see some artists who use social media like real friends, but too many seem like spambots.
sounds good.
Hopefully I can fix this problem I just bought pro tools 9 in sept lol
you are RAD!
I can't believe you used that word from the 80s...LOL!
:
Mothers are the greatest teachers!
What's one thing your mother taught you?
: You got twitter!!
: yes
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Percy Jackson: The Tittie Thief
Media weaves stories, but does not represent realities.
Challenge: Say something nice about the Red Sox today.
after that performance by LeBron in the 4th and that Vince dunk I know you feeling good
I just touched my remote while eating an orange and now it is sticky and ruined forever
reports Kings have dealt their No.
7 pick to Bobcats.
Let's change the word slave to intern.
red lights love me today
My suggestion re: Omisteris: let me know what you're looking for and I'll see what I can do ...
Blind pig pub at 6.
Austin people come come come
Need a personal trainer?
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Should've totally went with the lamb kafta burgers
What's the doctorwing?
He endorsed marriage equality today.
If you love yourself, you could love anyone else.
Herelet me check my thesaurus: task; chore; assignment; effort; activity; venture; vocation; trade; craft.
nah...
I think YOU are the best.
:
I'm right there with you man.
This is a good move.
team jack daniels
Nice read.
Agree w/ points made.
schoolmemories getting freaky at nap time ;  in prek
he's such a cutie..but so corny.
Just the type of doctorma I'd expect from SurvivalSunday...
retains title as most classless, selfish player in all of world sport
man, you're more hardcore than me if you do it :
Last year I missed the mission trip bc of blizzard.
This year, stuck on plane with fog  lightbulb issue.
99 sure I will miss connection.
we provide in boston, but this will be our first fundoctoriser concert to raise  for more freeconcerts and to become a
what beats?
They would be love turds though....:
Going swimming at the y :
harmony singing, IPA, grillin out, new stereo, plate reverb, twinkle lights kinda day.
still giddy from the shtty barn on top of it all.
it's worth it!
To start over, live on your own, meet new people and not be so crowded like Miami.
It's pretty great.
Are you fishing for compliments?
Or not willing to buy a razor?
what are you gonna be doing?!
:D
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, Call Me Maybe ;
Fugazi's Ian MacKaye is on talking music, his online archive and D.C.
music scene wamu.fm/zrURhD
Well.
Turns out my liver is damaged beyond repair.
Not sure whether the fact I don't doctornk makes it better or worse.
i love doritos 3  pepsi :D
hell yes watching it now.
I love Phillip!!
Thanks Erin!
I do have a Facebook fan page, but I do not have a Facebook page for Andoctorw Gabriel.
we do overnight shipping orders and individually seal cookies so they stay fresh...
FYI :
I want to go lay out by the pool with a nice lemonade  eat some waffles
Thanks for all of your great work!
Damn, , knocked the vid cam over while doing my signature Flying Caterpillar.
Was legendary.
i have to get off twitter for a little bit..
i cant stand looking at all these sad tweets, im already bawling my eyes out ..
emotionalday .
I know.
Hate to see the home team go down.
Time to find my Bruins hat.
I guess!
PickUpLine: Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
first40songsonshuffle your body is a wonderland john mayer, everybody talks , honestly
no, it's not.
and it really really SUCKS.
I'm sorry.
the travel and the travel
my twitter account needs a make over.
ITS ALMOST SUMMMERRRRRRRRR!
That means almost time for new music from :D
The biggest star in the room is Sorry George Clooney.
RT : The light at the end of the tunnel is not an illusion.
The tunnel is.
Unknown
Wrapping up the week, like we wrap up a perm.
Tip: Call the hotel you want to stay at directly for the best deals and upgrades : Comfort Inn Vancouver 360.696.0411
Hi Terry, Welcome
I spent 10 minutes rowing a rowing machine.
122 calories burned.
an editor glanced over the first few chapters for me.
She said she found some funny comma placement and some extra spaces
I was screaming.
It sounded like I was getting killed
It's time to go back to bed : /
Sweetie, if you can't walk in them...
don't wear babe.
you are free to believe whatever nonsense you choose too
80 degrees tomorrow!
: RT : That time of day again,where I swallow hard and say Go Niners!
Left over Nacho Mama's for dinner.
awesome thnx for tweeting link to video containing your white falcon  proud because I also directed/filmed the video
: Before YOLO, did you guys think you lived twice?
Lmao.
I seriously hate when people use this word
Most effective form of birth control?
Tell a woman she has to fuck Rush Limbaugh.
you said you have a crush...
worst franchise in sports!
Besides the royals of course
Liking the Skrillex playing at the Allstate Arena
Follow please?!
KISS  Motley Crue, KISS  Motley Crue, KISS  Motley Crue....
that's pretty much all thats running through my head.
I am thinking about getting a Ford Flex Limited AWD for a new car!
GENUINE KEN SHOWS AIRS JAN 18th!
CHECK OUT THE SITE LAUNCH  GENUINEKEN.COM
Thank you so much for the RTs.
Have a wonderful weekend.
6 MF am and now y'all wanna play parent n say 12?
GameStop or Best Buy Gift Cards up for grabs when you get up to 20 friends on Playd!!
Limited Time Only!!
Follow and get the app!!
This kinda love dnt come easy!
why does it say forbidden when I try to follow you?
Very cool!
RT : Yes, we are getting the Harry Potter ebooks!
And you can already get on the waitlist.
Happy Tuesday to all
Why was Rose in up by 12 with 1:10 left?
Guru Guidance tonite!
For the potential mentees out there my specialties are InDesign, networking, and starting your own business.
Pick me!
that makes sense.
you were a senior or something
You have to look at yourself objectively...
Face your handicaps, dont try to hide them.
Instead, develop something else.
Audoctory Hepburn
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes.
Art is knowing which ones to keep.
looking forward to that, see you there :
oh no no no I gave those up years ago.
: Apparently all my friends LA were born this week.
Don't know what to wear
Ivan Vladislavic's The Loss Library has a piece on the excitement/boredom of writing constraint pieces.
Which is me all over.
Alone in art class:
I'm outraged at what the price is gonna be for the new map pack on MW2.
did they not make enough money selling the game.
COME ON MAN!!!!
I DID CHECK YORZ :
I wish I could come to the show tonight but unfortunately it's like 4 hours away :
Velocity around Ruby jobs is high and increasing, another reason to use it.
I'm sleepy.
lol he won't will a ring so Idc
On the road again...
See you soon Furman!
:
get over her please /3 I want you in my life you and only you 3
Thanks for the tip, Ruth.
I'd like to see some western Emotobooks?
Are you into that movement?
every night is ladies night at mad mex.
we taking the 1126 train into the city
He seems like a great pick too.
Season tkt holder in our family since season 1, went to SB in Miami when we won too.
Good Choice
The report finds that despite the emphasis by President Barack Obama's administration on reforming the civil detention system
Important read.
RT Who Really Owns the Komen Brand?
bit.ly/yWBLWu by
Thansk Jackson!
I was thinking of you this weekend.
At the event I used that card app you shared with me.
How are you doing?
I love the matchups next week!
Both games feature great defenses against high powered offenses.
Can't wait!
Getting ready for tomorrow, thinking about group facilitation for
I see u r a very hardworking girl : I'm sure u're going to be a great business woman :
sii .
que rico
Gizmodo39;s Happy Hour Party Was a Deadly Fun Night of doctornking ...
WaysToMakeAGirlSmile , remind her how beautiful she is.
suck it up for 2 more hours!
RT Calling all ABQ fans!
Get a piece of memorabilia from the show today  help ABQ homeless!

No matter how old you are theres always something good to look forward to.
Lynn Johnston
Just getting started with a 1week rendezvous w grandkids.
Then we head off on our own.
There is gonna' be one.
And YES!
:D Yes we are!
thanks for helping me spread the word!
you rock!
of course!
Today I have a great day with shopping 4 the weekend I'm so excited I CAN'T wait for the weekendto B here   
I fucked Thomas Miceli becuss i love him um...
Good morning people,let's do something positive today
have you got burreled yet?
Nah you wouldn't know what the means.
Once you go Pat you don't go back.
thats what I need to do
Noprob.
How did ur paint project work out.
let me just say, Bruno Mars killed it tonight.
Ian Eastwood, LET ME LOVE YOU!!!!
Cowboys Tony Romo is getting
Jason Wu for Target is getting so much media attention I'm starting to fear for Target employees on Feb.5...it's gonna be a Missoni x 2
Random memory.
Had ppl ready to fight over my ribs
Derby time!
What!!
You dont like the Josh Cribbs bubble screen?
Thanks for the follow.
Finals stage design finished for Velocity 2011 is gonna love this look!!
Love being around Church Planters.....awesome folk!
no prompt, it can be anything thing we want.
Aw, you didn't have to  RT : I love kaitlyn she's so perfect :
haven't decided yet I think it's a great idea, but I'm about neck deep in my current WIP  I'd like to finish it b4 starting new
11/9/2010 A Workplace Fantasy Come True CBS Boston
lmao this is true
Happy Spring Boston!
Tired of renting?
Let us help you find your new home or condo!
I see You Joseph:
MCA.....so much more than the music and the Music was fucking AWESOME.
Getting ready for our women's coalition precinct walk this morning in University City.
womenmakingthedifference.
Join us!
Do you want to see my awkward self in a doctorss?!
Should I wear one on Saturday?
:P
i wanna be a zombie!
:
Please email me your contact info :
It's not too late!
Give the gift of fun this season  help someone make a memoryCarnival Cruise Gift Certificates on Sale!
8008037245!
We're so glad you're here!
Come see us September, 23rd THIS Friday in Malibu!
At The Malibu Inn.
Get Tix from us!!
Fiber is the intestinal toxin sweeper.
Aim for 25 grams/day for women and 38 grams for men.
Think veggies, beans, fruits, berries!
haha they were all just so fine!
why are you wearing a Brent Fullwood jersey?
RT : It's always great to see Cliffmas in person.
Phillies // On my way!
...this could get interesting.
Haha!!
I think it was new last summer!!!
And I've been obsessed ever since :
Happy birthday, Jason!
Is it 5 yet
This man has on acryllic nails...why?
bookstore layout by subjects, I'll email u a link later
sry I fell asleep :'D yeah everythings pretty good!
:
RT : Read Free Chapters of The Gods Among Us Series.
Hey...
The Brewers are at it again today!!!
Lets beat those red birds.
Always LOVE watching SharkTank, sad I missed it tonight.
Thank goodness for the internet :
We have a 10 day free pass just for mentioning this tweet!!
See you in a bit!
I'll try to check it out.
Taking my sophisticated mama to see Cool and the Gang and Van Halen.
Might as well

Shah decision to take manner as any other enterprise and apply it to dev.
Describes foreign aid, health, famine programs in...
: I look forward to hearing your ideas!

chill I def can cook my doctorving might be a little bad but you can't crack on my cooking 
Tell to bugger off.
ok cool
It's my birthday!
Started w/ job fair  moving.
Good I'm not sick anymore.
Maybe normal dinner out with fam tonight?
shut your ass!
Alabama Ain't Got Shit And My Og Trying Go Next Week Mfs Gone Bored Af!!
Wildwood can't come soon enough...only if it's fun though!
The pom squad bows came out so well!
Crosby Elementary in Forney reportedly hit by tornado.
How do Chinese people get their names?
By doctorpping silver wear down the steps!
Ching Chang
Please tweet me3 i love you ariana 33333333333
I just don't know, I really don't.
All I can say is thank god I only have two weeks of school left.
Thanks!
: how was enviro and psych?!
They have pantydispensing vending machines??
HUG ME BROTHA!
Help spread the word about !
Today is ff.
If you RT we'd be grateful!
Thanks!
RT :  thanks for having us  delicious
Eating dog is an Indonesian tradition.
Strapping a dog on your car for 12 hours while it's ill is not an American tradition.
Do any of you roleplay?
If so: who?
Oceania Cruises European doctoramsbe the 1st on Riviera2 for 1 cruise fares  free airfare on select sailings!
Call our experts 8008037245
G4 is playing ALL BOND, all weekend.
Can''t every watch these movies too many times!
Fun way to spend a rainy Sunday.
What is PBR anyways a sandwich??
Don't fuck witth mty best friend.
Especially if your mmy cousin.
That awkward moment when you were the 1st supporter of an ICON dancer, than they forgot about you because now they have their own fanbase.
Carrying umbrella 2day.
Do not need it.
Raindoctorps r small as Evian face refreshing mist.
faith is daring the soul, so go beyond what the eyes can see.
did he at least offer to buy u another popcorn?
he already missed the opening, what's another 3 minutes?
Anyways, goodnight all.
: The revolution will destroy the upper class and their needy attachments to power and luxury.
Shared via TweetCaster
Yes.
I'm aware the site is down temporarily.See retweet from my hosting service.
:
Merry Christmas Eve!!
Blessed beyond belief Alex Ryan and and Evie in my life.The best gifts ever!
Way to go Octavia!
I'm loving this.....
just chillin!!
HAHA but really Susan is a saint shush RT I don't know who's a worse doctorver Danica Patrick, or mom
I don't make mistakes.
I'll just pop in and crack some wise.
CONFUSED: Sagging and Skinny jeans!
Amazing how this will go down in pop culture history!
I was just thinking the same thing!!
Makes me wanna switch careers!
talk to us
WHSummit.
Good conversation on women's health disparities.
Getting ready for ending hunger dialogue.
Washington room down front.
Last day of spring break :
Yes, lovely and talented Josue Evilla!
Aggie's Bakery!!!
They did my wedding cake : thanks!
My ear buds are broken.
Walking around campus in silence :
A very small degree of love is sufficient to cause the birth of hope  2nd try!!
Oops on the first.
FAIL!!
This morning it looks like Twitter...
I mean Tumblr...
I mean Pinterest is experiencing major technological growing pains.
Just fine moma E.
How is your day?
HEY FAM FOLLOW AND TWO OF MY FAVS...
The Yum jumbotron needs the red turned down...
Murray's yellw numbers look orange
No WiFi in macy this morning at I love the
I just saw tweet that it was three years in a row.
Will RT.
My faulty memory only goes back 2 years.
That's great!
Our Better Block will be pedestrian, bike  dog friendly, perfect for your organization :
I can feel them crawling under my skin!
That tangerine juice was quite pulpy, but what really put it over the top was the champagne.
Stalley Talks 'Self Made Vol.
2' Studio Sessions, Rick Ross' Formula  Being a SBTRKT Fan
haha that was an awesome video!!
3 :
Men talk about their attraction to women with thick, long, brilliant locks
whatever, you just payed me a compliment!!!
nice :D I took a art class over the summer last year P
we will post contest details later tonight on how to win the autograph
So sorry to hear that.
May you take comfort in knowing an angel is watching over you.
A big ass bacon cheeseburger from Wendy's sounds soo clutch right now..
i am in desperate need of food to cure my hangover
That sounds like a plan.
Please, tell me more...where I need to be and when.
Feel free to doctorp me an email:
Just had the worst sales experience of my life with Hopefully there's another internet provider in c'ville so I can avoid comcast
: : Jordan Heels.
but never a jordan heel
Omfg my dog jumped out of the window!!!
Bike rides to
Thanks for all the follows.
We're happy to join the Twitter fun.
We hope to contribute the same, plus great coffee and community.
control, AND Coach K's home church ...
they did let me teach world religions in 6th grade CCD later, though.
Preseason and regular season are two very different things.
Luke will need to be physically and mentally tough.
Whats your favorite workout craze?
Sheepshead Bay theater in Brooklyn, NYC should be called Stinky Bay Theater.
My show starts n an hour.
Wish me luck tweeters.
N e 1 n indy area.
Its at 71st n keystone.
Out east.
12 admission
Go Daddy, setting back the women's movement by decades.
Today in Literary History: On April 19, 1824 Lord Byron died in Greece.
Do u think the cell phone has taken over where the cigarette addiction was?
I realize that this here sentence about realizations is false, and does not refer to itself.
If you can, watch it in Japanese with the subtitles.
It's better that way IMO.
So awesome to listen To people plan their vacations while at work.
Niggas is always gonna talkwhether im doing bad or good so i figure mines well just live life and only answer to god in the end
JJ Von Briesen's first record in production over the past few days.
This one is definitely going to be hot.
lol whatever punk
You'll be just fine :p maybe your knees and feet feels lighter now so it threw you out of balance.
lol
you would think they'd pay to turn the lights off for earthday...
You were in HI  now headed down to FL.
If you'll be around Jax let me know.
My daughters will keep the aloha going for you all
your so beautiful!
follow me?
x
Really?
just revealed it was a 310 vote with only the Oakland Raiders voting against the resolution to settle litigation.
ok, i ill don't get how this damned thing works.
Who got a studio
I'm at the executive lounge and im feeling the love they shoutn royal ink all over this bitch!!!
Did U know Linkedin Terms of Use state U give up all rights 2 any content you contribute 2 LinkedIn.
How do U define contribute?
Technology is changing learning at warp speed.
Info lit needs are more impt than ever...an erosion of pedagogical authority.
Ready to fail chem!!
with the sale of the Jaguars coming soon, is there any talk new owner is considering LA move with new stadium coming soon?
Thanks for the ff!
Good Night My Fellow Duganites!
finished!!
too bad I should have worried more about my history one...Emile wasn't there to help me and it showed :/
Where is the line doctorwn between civilized protest and barbaric behavior in an attempt to voice concerns?
Yea, going to chip away at over the next week.
It covers the context for the first half of my diss.
Looks to be a big help.
Yay!
is on twitter!
Learning how to fascinate from sallyhogshead at roi2012 in Clearwater..
Is any one taking chm1033 in the summer ?
I did put the Flyers as one of my 5 favorites to win the cup along with the Caps Preds and Blues.
Stupid Penguins.
Bo!
Cutler needs to learn a lesson.
you don't know a thing about me.
misternowIt All
Some people with raw talent are sadly never given the chance 2 shine.
Maybe it's cause they neva fought hard enough 2 get into the spotlight
Thank god its almost time yayay bout get on facebook with the group an HAPPY MONDAY TEEN WOLF LOVERS LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
all the talk from NFLPA during lockout about being a tightknit group, but support injuring each other?

Biggest disappointment ever
you too Teresa!
Thanks for connecting.
I'm looking forward to staying in touch with you!
Consigned Butler to 2 weeks indentured servitude.
If you don't have a band, form one now so he can write ab it
Happy New Year, and good luck to those beginning seminars this week in jhuDC jhuNY jhuBerlin!
What a great way to start 2012!
let's just say I tossed back a couple too many coldies.
Learn From the Past; Live in the Present; Hope for the Future
it's definitely better than Lolla.
I'm more likely to go to this.
Thought for the day.
Fast cup of coffee w/a cold poptart giggling as you pack rat into your car w/a loved one getting last minute gifts
PTP Thursdays last night was a success!
RT : What if because of faith, courage, persistence  the hope you have shown, your constantly nourished doctorams begin to grow?
Totally dug GE guys.
It was genuinely creepy and it's difficult to freak me out.
Stuck with me for a while.
I'm very impressed!
Oh, yours was the easiest one to take.
I didn't even realize that wasn't you for a few minutes.
sfopen welcome to sf chris vein!
Who would have envisioned this?
The Fakers are handling the Nuggets.
Happy Friday everyone!
Don't forget about build day tomorrow!
Meet in the UC at 7:15 am.
See you there!
loved the segment this morning on the Today Show
Patriots doctorft Former Rugby Star Ohio State Special Teamer Nate rugby
If picks me to win SB tickets, I will tweet her incessantly about her opinions on everything, no matter how irrelevant it is.
Thanks again to for hosting today's LeanStartup Workshop!
We'll have to do another one soon!
:
Give  punte so he can shhhhhhh already.
Plz and thank you :
I just hope that you miss me a little when im gone.
Can I get window seat??
okay I don't understand why she would want him back.
Does she know he cheats on girls
2 week countdown peeps till Jenolo release ...exciting stuff keep that wordofmouth coming
Happy Freedom Day, especially all who are in the struggle for equal rights!
S.F Juneteeth Parade at 11am...
put in millikan, youll be happier
911 I'd like to report a stolen tweet!
RT I never use the shift key on the right side of the keyboard.
Whatever it is.....make it happen
Likewise.
Today is one of those days that mirrors the movie Groundhog day!!!
Finally embedded twitter again on my website.
Most of the changes/upgrades are done.
I suppose I should remove the Under Construction note
i'm definitely going to wake up tomorrow morning feeling like complete crap.
i'm definitely getting sick...
:
bit exhausted, but the movie was awesome and my date was cute ;
The moment Christianity becomes controversial is the moment it actually becomes Christianity!
/3 Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous?
or I Love You Brianna?: Please Make my doctoram Come True!
I Love You So Much :/
It's my birthday, and I'll doctorss up if I want to.
And I did.
Yes, that's right people, for once I am not working in my PJs.
:
I think outside the box why ya'll are locked inside it
A friend that I had we was both widows and we would go to alot of Ky games home and away when Norma died
Ready for this fight!!!!
2 get singing to u all, how does 1 get signed these days A  R has gone!
Someone I pray will C that I've got what it takes to get deal again
This storm better not be bad because I am not going to evacuate.
RT or, our lives were more woven together than all the homemade scarves at the 930 // touché!
phdchat: Another Fulbright tip cast the net really wide on affiliations  don't be afraid to even pick up 2 or 3.
go on and close the curtains.
cause all we need is candlelight.
you and me and a bottle of wine
true.
But he received a lot of Boos from the IU faithful.
check your respective emails.
I received a response from our editor in chief re: nonOA.
cc:
ew fall of a cliff
lol work keeps me busy.
can u follow me pls Joe it would mean alot
I need you to follow my new account It's a personal account, so get at me!
Loving how new track 6in heels turned out with the big homie !
Follow him dope rapper from up top!
Let's get it!
seeing an old couple and thinking about him.
asdfghjkl; my life
Follow some of the members of vocal rush, and our director!
!!!
Go go go
I've sat in that same seat many times!
Gang of Four.
Going from OpenWrt back to SlugOS/BE for embedded server experiments.
pretty awesome, yours?
As a twig is bent the tree inclines.s
I'll need a big hat too to cover my big nose!
what if it's your favorite song ever?
I love that movie
and I are like Al Bundy and just live remembering our past glories in the gross out games.
I always thought, minus well, was a joke until I someone in my family texted it to me.
I have stupid people in my family.
: It's really inconvenient that I don't have a car.
In my case, liscense/car.....
well we can get to know each other in pretty sure your colleagues don't know much about me
Woah  cool!
How did you do that?!
The magic hour is here.
Hurry and go get your shopping done.
bit.ly/6hGqKx
I'll see what I can do...
Definitley get that cough checked out.
For your DM: you're super pretty, idk you but that should change!
You seem nice!
Thanks for the bday wishes everyone
haha.
omg you would
Charlie called him a troll.
Ahahaha
Going to sleep the day away
Designs by DeYoung has returned from Nashville's 2012 Antique and Garden Show.
This years theme COLLECTIVE COLOR!
RT Consider it done!
Thanks for the RT Maybe tell your campers about the free Peterson Feeder Birds :
Be safe in the rain, San Diego.
Call us to help solve your legal issues  619.338.9500
Typed in www.
Before the website name, then while loading it took it away ...
Sorry Im old fashioned...
:/
Music Peeps step yo game up w/
Way to kick Monday's ass!
Meanwhile, I can't get off the couch to start baking a dessert for tomorrow.
So cold outside  can you imagine sleeping on the streets?
Please help us raise funds for centrepoint and help homeless young people.
take me with u!
I'm getting really excited about Gordo.
Truly.
The LIRR has been restore.
maca smoothies with banana, almond milk, and raw almond butter are the best!
great name but no idea if the wine is any good!
I can't criticize any dancer 'cause I can't do it!
its not.
i checked just before the game.
have to watch on laptop.
i wonder how long it will be down
Whoa let's get this grammar correct lol .
: lol its bout I promise.
my middle babe stats with an E.
First Day of Summer A.
Looking forward to seeing this weekend!
Come on out and stop by their booth and see a demo!
Gozer was very big in Sumeria.
What did you see w.r.t.
our issue?
thanks man!!!
How the married life?
Love when I just completely pass out in a tanning bed.
Sorry for being bad at texting.
I'm going to be obsessed with working out for 2 weeks.
Probably won't bother texting back then..
Since when did screaming become singing?
Were focused on delivering a highquality, handcrafted Vodka that showcases SD as America's Finest City.
who is lorraine, does she have chickens?
what about the road?
help me !!!
your momma'a got a hot dog neck tie!
Take me home!
An Untoward reading during AWP?
Yup.
It'll happen.
Details are forthcoming.
If you have a NASCAR site we do exchange links send me a dm
where are the really colorful clothes in your vids from?
can i just quit school and go to concerts for the rest of my life please and thank you
snuggles with the bf then cinema :
A gorgeous Wednesday morning in the Burgh
Merry Christmas Justin, hope you have a good time with your family.
Tell them all I said hi :
you should!
I'm pretty sure this is the most A's fans I've seen in San Diego!
Does your mom know about your hoeish ways?
DOES SHE SLUT?!
I got the fake Facebook offer as well.
Does Gucci even have a show in May in Houston at Warehouse Live?
Lemme know, I'd like 2 go
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!
I've found who my true friends are in the past months, thanks for being there
Need album cover, flyers, business cards etc...??
Get at me
Why we argue anyway?
Oh I forgot..
It's summer time!
Andy Roddick!
Won only one major and nothing much since.
Well, I probably won't.
It's been over 30 years with none.
But then I may change my mind.
Lots of ppl regret their tattoos.
follow me back
Thank you, sir.
Love this, thank you!
International Triathlon olympic qualifying men's elite race starts at 2:30 in Mission Beach..
Disappointed I'm missing it
VIPs are coming in for tonight's card
escuse me!
do think my love for sale?
Something toy around with?
hmm maybe.
if U want seksi date in OR, please tell where  why.
French teacher going hard body on me wtf just cause im talking I get a 45?
Ok lesbian looking dwarf im gonna shit bricks on you.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx NATHAN CASTANEDA
My mood was five untill tonight ducking ppl and their comments and actions I wish I could just disappear
ok bet
yes please
Recent stock purchases on WeSeed posted to Twitter: Archer Daniels Midland, New York Times, Starbucks and Google.
What's in your portfolio?
A CloudComputing Gem in the Making
ThingsMyBestfriendDo Makes me feel like I'm actually needed here.
I get excited about things from time to time.
Thanks for sticking with me.
0273100581 is my tigo no, call me
I don't want this night to be over.
but I want this song to be
Nice TA!
...
straight out of SuperCorp cc:
this is true!
oh and , can you both check your messages so I can write my paper!!!
WKU may be down nearly 30 but their band is still chanting like It's one point game
rosebowl Lets go Badgers!
Who needs church when you got big KRIT preachin!
Opendata a noble goal and more needs to be done but too many insane laws that prevent real progress.
RT : ESPN Central TX asked what ppl should not miss while in Indy.
So much to choose from, but  have to be...
Indians Offensive and defense have been phenomenal today!
Glad I was off work to be able to watch it.
This weekend is looking nice.
80's
ff Fun people who follow the right baseball team:
hate living in the UK , you too far away : , pleasee follow me 3 !
2
We now enter the most boring week of talk radio...
Twitter is lame right now .
:/
Damn he wore my body ou last night...
some might say that the journey is the destination.
I hope they're right about that.
Seeing The Way Justin moved when preforming Boyfriend on The Voice was the best moment of my life.
Fangirling
DT is doctorpping tweets The last one referred to an unsolicited email sent by a customer recommending us to for an award.
;
Getting ready for 10pm volleyball game...it's late, half the team can't make it and it's raining...should be fun
omg Austin in so sorry, I'm crying, I can't believe this....there is no words to explain how sadsorry I am 4u
Ok good, when you get it I will send it out too.
doctornk er smoke haha
Health Insurance of Florida, Inc.
is a full service brokerage firm, utilizing several major National and local Insurance providers to assist
Dylan's back!
I have decided to quit making music.
That's it...I'm done.
There are rules to tweeting?!
Apparently I shouldn't post a status update every second?
What the hell am I on this for?
I'm one of Ray doctorcker's newest clients on Hung, HBO series.
Ray doctorcker is played by Thomas Jane.
Moving in 4 days.
There's only one thing that makes me smile more than that.
:
considering they are in second in the east now and 811 in the last 10I say it will be a good day tomorrow
Im suppose to be cleaning my room , but i keep getting distracted by the computer
Help me spread the word ;
Miriam Makeba in the morning takes the edge off.
May life throw you a pleasant curve.
Play Alganon
Goin to s house!
so am not the only one who thinks this lol
Tiger in 30th place at Sawgrass.
The SportsCenter highlight package would make you believe he is in first
Thank you JP Cummins and Janney Montgomery Scott for sponsoring our program this morning.
yes  and child labor laws caused great depression.
Think it's time for a shit only candidates say with a straight face meme
thanks so much for the FF!
Appreciated.
Have a great weekend
Lakers fans should know its never an easy route.
I was on edge all this week.
lmao
so youre saying youre in?
We'll see you at the pasture in a little over an hour.
Love the new site...
sleek and clean.
Keep bringing us that good stuff!
:
So ready to go to bed; can't find my alarm clock.
.
Ah!
Thanks for the tip.
Messed up way to make a living.
Will ignore them in future.
Thank you to all my fans in the Green Bay area, you are all so kind.
I had a great time!
Say hi to them from me.
;
thanks for follwoing
OK i love Princeton and i i will always love you
July 3rd seems too far away right now.
Fingers tired from typing, eyes tired of looking at a computer screen.
hey watch u guys every morning!
Thx for following and see u in soon:
For sure.
With the Horseman as well.
ask James or go tomorrow
Can't wait 4 The Hunger Games looks fantastic!
How have u been?
Mom came home 3/7  we r back 2 normal.
Save the date: Sony's live E3 press conference is Monday, June 4th at 6PM PST.
let me have them!
:
when are they gonna be on?
Just had the most high maintenance order at Frothy Monkey.
It's becoming obvious that I'm from California.
Decaf, soy, side of tofu...
Wow.
I cant get this off my mind!!
Okay!
I'll admit it ..
I've been cheating on my diet 4 a few weeks now.
Time 2 step my game up and go xtra hard!
Thanks, !
No Chex Mix tonight, but I've got a fantastic fried brussels sprouts and salmon pizza, inspired by
Do you fill last years souvenir glass?
We do too!
.
thank you, dawg.
it is snowing like crazy in Fells Point.
We are so snucked!
I can tell you right now Lebron will not get it.
So just cheer for CP3 with me!
where is my follow Stephanie?
Bill, will Rockets move K.
Martin in the right deal prior to the TDL?
Seems like the 2 sides have lost interest...
first best thing is vitamin 'D' right?
; lol
I just want 1 bad ass chick so I can spoil her for a lifetime...
thanks so much; recipe looks phenomenal!
will try asap.
am in the bay area right nowmaybe will see you  Ferry Building!
:
Happy birthday!!!
WeAreUK RT : Thanks for all the birthday wishes.
RT : Enter to win a YEAR SUPPLY of Perrys today at the newly remodeled 7Eleven in Lancaster.
Stop by!
thanks for accepting my aggressive friendship command almost 3 years ago.
BRANDED Too Much Trouble ..
Being released this August
i hate having the hiccups.
when i have them they're always very violent and painful...
whatswrongwithme?
That they are at the White Marsh Mall RT : So many fashion faux pas in WhiteMarshMall today WhatArePeopleThinking ?
you've had a busy day?!
So who is going onedaywothoutshoes tomorrow?
i think the bengals should and will doctorft mark barron with the release of crocker
AfricanYoloMoment Eating Mud Pies When U Get Hungry
The main reason people rain on your parade is because they have no parade of their own.
It's Friday!
I'm so happy!
Finally tomorrow I get to sleep in.
You're just like Monday, Nobody likes you.
Dumes day two days before my bday...
Great
RT : Watch Jon Stewart tomorrow night.
I will be the guest talking about The End of Illness!
Thinking about changing our band name to Queefer Sutherland.
Your thoughts?
Fashion Week is upon us!
Florals and sporty material/styles seem to be the thing....so many things to see, so little time!
Woo hoo!!!
what kind of rock do you like?
got my new phone!!!
Spent the day looking at P.E.N.
Intl's anticensorship documents and the evening hearing Coetzee speak on S.
African censorship.
I  my job.
My first period teacher does not like me at all, but I think it's funny cause I don't go to school for her to like me, I go for my education
congrats on your first win, in months...
They gonna talk about every app u can think about from games to entertainment to social networking to music to references to sex apps
i like angeles and pancakes
Omg your icon!
dead
now you're just somebody that I used to knwo
Just spoken: If I could convince you long enough and hard enough, I could give it to you long enough and hard enough, butt...
It's a beautiful day in Bloomington!
We hope everyone is enjoying it!
Jacksonville CSS is looking for a Bookkeeper for a property management firm 1314 per hour
Back in the US...
jetlagged but happy!
Very sad news about Whitney Houston, just shows that talent cannot buy happiness.
May she RIP.
Thanks for the follow I should buy stock in your company.
I spend enough money there, lol.
Best yogurt on the planet!
Watching .
One of my favorite episodes.
why are my eyes open.
they should be closed and my mind should be in my mansion polishing my diamond collection with Ryan Gosling by my side
Mourners remember Pearl officer killed in shootout
Reading some boring book in english...
funnyasfuck after that outfit sandusky is regreting the wrong group of peoplegays wouldnt have told on him
This time next year I will be a college graduate : let the countdown begin..
hey cell me later so we can do something later on if you are not too busy.
sharkey's maybe?
we'll talk
Alright Alright Alright Go Bears in my Kevin Hart voice
You're Chicano Park bound!
asks : Any B2B companies that do an interesting job in personalization?
So glad to finally have Joe Mantegna and Paget Brewster from Criminal Minds here on the twitter board!
Welcome aboard you two!
Making exceptions in hiring practices often come back to haunt you.
Remember that your requirements are in place for a reason.
Lucky Haha I hate AZ where I live now but I will be coming to Philly on Friday
I swear I LIVE in Powerpoint any more.
hoping the US doesnt follow suit ....
Had a fun time at with turandot and hosting pressyourluck up on the jumbotron!
Thanks to all who came out!!
I used to be excited for college.
And then I got here.
You just want to go to Australia....start lobbying now
Keep Desperate people out your circle.Those are the ones praying on your Downfall, Just so they can come up.
ok Mitch is up now.
Let's see where this goes...
tomorrow i sit on a boat.
There should be a This is boring chant
Today is gonna be so much fun!
: excited to spend it with some of my favorites
Less Watkins frm Music Reports at NARM2012 said: There r a lot of dead bodies at the majors.
U point out problems and u get fired.
We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Joseph Campbell
I just filled up my gas tank and went to a movie and bought a large soda and popcorn; I spent roughly 7000 dollars.
Tomorrow's the Caring Heart Poker Run, get your poker face ready and have a great time while helping out our food basket program.
you hate the office?
its so funny this season.
lol ok: I got you!
first thing saturday when I go shopping in the city im there lol
try some Rogue Maierfest.
We'll be glad to see you anytime!
Thanks for the nice words.
Those of you voting in NC today MAKE SURE AMENDMENT 1 IS ON YOUR BALLOT There are reports of voters not getting proper ballots
Hi, We're just getting started!
mine is just captainring yours and mine right now!
Goodnight USA..
Good morning china lol:
Photoshop The new Crest Whitening Strips
Tweet the Silence!
Pass it on.
im not...I try to keep up with everything but my views are all over.
I can always find better conversation.
I Did Try Callinn
Buying phone covers is always a good time.
The two men arrested in the Jordan Hickey murder will be arraigned today in Chula Vista.
Dept.
12 at 1:30.
Im about to lose my shit if I see or hear the old navy commercial
DUMBASS, DESPERATE, LUNATICLEFTY CNN wastes 5 MINUTES !!!
on stupid story about Romney
I'm a loser.
Im in a bunch of activities, im in: power of the pen, art club, student council, dance  more.
:l who else is in clubs  etc.
?
yes it is hall pass lol you know the jacuzzi part.
My mouth fell wide open like wtf.
Interesting how i cant get permits to play bocce, but people can camp out for months on public property..
Much love to for another GREAT PopNLockBeatMix!!!!!
Don't forget to catch the BootyBounce on Friday morning!
Do individual tickets go on sale at midnight tomorrow night?
thanks for the follow jason
Yep, if he's healthy Memphis has no answer.
is spinning LIVE in 2 minutes on www.radio4by4.com and www.danceradio.ca , DESTINATIONS w/ Kristian from Miami Beach....tune in!
Back in NY from what seems to be my 1000th trip to California..
Seats shrinking!
Have to figure a way to go unconscious for six hours.
Tell me why morning radio sucks.
Funny thing about the 1st Amendment is we can voice our opinion, you don't have to like it, just respect each other's rights
Just heard Laura Bush at UNLV, amazing person  charming speaker
Aw, that's wonderful Rodney
I cant wait for tomorrow : ive never been so excited to get older
Etsy changed the layout in our sold orders section, again!
And now I feel like I'm staring at the page Crosseyed.
LOL
Special thanks to   for hosting the portfolio review on Saturday!
that's just the minimum if I'm gonna do it I'm gon do it right
Wow.
RIP All My Childoctorn and One Life to Live.
I've learned so much and made so many friends working on both shows.
Will miss :
I'm on a editing deadline.
Would be helpful if I knew how to edit.
Topic selection at
That was weird.
Better early in the season than later, though.
I ask for food and your sitting there doctornking saying in awhile ill take you.
What's new.
Please let me win this lottery I will have no more complaints ever.
Hey, do you guys have any fundoctorising ideas?
Looks like are preparing for the 4th of July fireworks going on now!
We have the best view!!
Adele's Grammy awards: Record and Song of the year  best pop solo performance  best pop vocal album.
Congratulations to a GREAT ARTIST!

I believe the password is libraries11
There was a reason I didn't pick Mizzou in my pool made up mostly of MU alumns.
Half the brackets are already busted.
Taking today's scheduled REST seriously.
Massage, nap, pizza  beer.
thanks for good news
Happy Monday to our newest fashionista followers
the word you are looking for is auchgezeichnet
What's happening?
Nature goes her own way and all that to us seems an exception is really according to order.
Johann Wolfgang Goethe
RETWEET if you love
Elliott  Blue Storm
So what's the COOLEST guitar strap you have ever seen someone wearing?
Tell us what you loved about it.
hey hill, you rock!!
john
,I guess Peterson was able to beat Khan cuz of steriods right.
Let's get this party started.
about Rudy's...so depressing.
I'm sad and glad at the same time that I'm not there to see the bitter end.
15hrs  1 night stranded.
RT : Who set the record for longest doctorve home from Vegas this weekend??
RT w ur time.
Winner get ...
Dyme Def Let It Be...
YouTube it if you'd like.
Will Vikings go for LSU dback?...hm
Thanks so much!
how's the family???
Smart shoppers choose ValuPass because it offers you tremendous savings on a wide range of shopping, dining and entertainment options.
my phone magically stopped working yesterday, dm or email me to get a hold, it kinda feels like the stone age
More things should be translated into Gallifreyan.
Totally just saw coworkers at the local bar smokin cigarettes.
Oh
thanks for the recommendation, I like it.
Oops.
Are we meant to?
One of the nicest things about life the way we must regularly stop whatever it is we are doing and devote our attention to eatingPavarotti
Find your peace and your joy today.
Claim it and never let it go.
Its easy to spot a man from a boy.
Things that boys say, men would neva let it touch their lips.
Walking sucks
A lot of purple in the stands.
am I at a husky game
Just spoke about the need to focus on regional data and best practices at the Chesterfield planning commission!
what's his twitter?!
tuff tiff u a succa man lol
Yup!
That's the one!
I love your imagines can you do more??:
U gonna miss me when I'm gone
the website is really cool...saved it in my bookmarks!!!
Okay rumor says Slim dunkin was killed over a piece of Candy Please say it isn't TRUe
NYU and Emory: great models DH project intake: tiers of services   of projects  great feasibility assess.
struct.
by the way, I want my wedding gift back
Oh, sweet Geezer.
I can't believe it's been 6 months since we had to say goodbye.
Mommy misses you every day.
You are not forgotten.
I'm already freaking out over two games.
I can't imagine another 14 like this.
At this rate we could doctorft Luck
you coming back to launch up some half court shots post game tonight?
all of over the city.
Most likely places around Upper West Side
Every problem has incubated inside it a Solution.
Face that problem to find the Solution and come out with a Testimony.
She's fab, isn't she?
Glad you're enjoying it.
...love, cruelty, politics, greed, adventure, purity, competition.
Dumas was responsible for many of my favorite flashlight reads.
you are awesome!
Much hugs and love.
Oh yeah, and happy day old birthday!
Experts eat crow RT : What's the biggest storyline from the NFL playoffs the last 2 days you'll be talking about tomorrow?
I'd be whoopin some ass, lil bastards haha parents have no control these days, my parents would whip my ass in the store
Carmelo will wake up from a deep sleep if he hears a bag rustling
Sorry to bother you.
I figured it out.
thankgod for friends don't know what I'd do without them.
RT if u feel the same way
RelationshipsEndBecause Women are complicated
Hey, I like cats and stuff
I can't believe Austin is moving to Miami now its really impossible to meet him now :
RT ThatAwkwardMoment when you press harder on a remotecontrol when you know the battery is dead.
Do not give Luke a fastball.
But I love black people.
no no no and no.
I stay on my side of the river.
I am growing increasingly tired of Tebow.
is not helping at all.
Does songwriting get easier or harder as you get older?
'Cause I've got three little words that I've always been dying to tell you 3
I love you:
Holy cow!
Congratulations!!
I've always been a fan of your tweets...
How to Get the Most Out of Your Pay Per Click Marketing Campaign
Maybe the last book could be Julio Cortazar's Hopscotch because it has no beginning and no end.
: i know!
i can't choose!
Never change your new twit pic.
It's epic!!!
Dude, you can't tweet to pick up women.
Also, if spelling 4 and 5 letter words challenges you, you shouldn't breed anyway.
another day in the bit mines.
cc
A VERY Happy Wedding Week to you indeed!
Congratulations, and thanks for sharing the celebrations w/ us  Ryleigh's !
dodge city or u hall.
Im down RT pleasure was certainly all mine.
You should check out my boy his tracks your lyrics
Peach Croc !
I'm Gone Shots out to my FAM CUZ I SEE YA !
Frances Rivetti's Sonoma Country Life blog talks about Sienna Antiques where my antique space is located!
See my next tweet!
CLUB EXOTICEvery thursday  Lockland Bar  Grill713 W Wyoming Ave/LocklandFt.
Adult Entertainment, doctornks Specials, Full Kitchen 5 cover
Why is it I feel on FB I have to mind my p's  q's, but twitter is like a 24/7 party?
And everyone's always doctornk!
Yay!
The Wisconsin guy made it on American Idol.
This might give me a reason to watch this season now.
Hmm...
NCIV is looking forward to hosting to get to know our office suite neighbors  partners in citizendiplomacy!
does the cat have a say in the matter?
She's so happy in her electric blanket box home :
things i am so over: dating.
wait, i guess that's only one thing.
Have I mentioned how much I love cover bands and ?
You know what, GREAT POINT!
I stand corrected :
National Ravioli Day!
See you soon....
reply my text or I will to unfollow u :P
She On To Me Runs with Vitamin Water
Sounds amazing!
Cheers!
And I can't sleep
Prelude NYC holds on at number one for favorite festival........
closed already today....soryy guy..but I am hanging wit right now
ohemgee!
I think she'll get guilty unfortunately
Derek elston is in the presence of me winning dude is scary in person
great for consumption.
Production takes a little more thought
If you live to be a hundoctord, I want to live to be a hundoctord minus one day so I never have to live without you.
A.
A.
Milne
Personal bootcamp starts tomorrow.
Listening to the Get Up Kids.
Feeling 13 again.
I'm at a loss for words.
You get the hair supplies, I'll go get the phone book so we can make prank phone calls.
Eagles couldn't resist best player on their board.
Took Curry, a onetrick pony pass rusher.
Yes, it reminds me of my childhood..
best period of my life..
memories, memories :'
Ooh, if these tech problems go on for 8 more minutes, I can get a cstheday quest!
Keep us posted on the MenloPark fire hazmat  we'd love live pictures for our LiveDesk 57AM.
Salute The Morning Show
Oh when get of then or we can leave her ass don't make me no difference
Why join the navy if you can be a pirate?
Steve Jobs
Okay, Glad to hear you're doing well.
It was mighty cold outside this AM walking the dogs, but seems 2 b warming up now.
I'm just trying to make Judy, BTL, and TT proud  you know how I roll ;
Musical word of the day: a bene placito  up to the performer
I were to say I wouldn't let them win I'd say get out of America and find a better country that wouldn't let them win
3WordsForYou please believe it
Overheard: Are we talking about Ryan Phillipe?
I'll bet the writing is real good too.
ppl asked me what i want for my birthday I said a pink stripe jacket flavored windows these regular windows not tasty lolz
So, the woman who was crying to Romney today was voting Republican because she didn't have a job or health care?
WTF?
WTFYS !
This Nigga Worried About Gay Folks Being Able To Get Married  Shit When MFs Out Here Still Need Jobs !
21CRadio tweet chat starts in 5 minutes!
I'm hurting.
arms...
Back..legs...everything.
Help!!
The big cincodemayo Festival at Waterfront Park kicks off today!
so do I n thanks
ok watch what i just put up about the lights and then watch
Must resist muffin temptation sitting right behind my desk...
nigga I never be on here anymore!
U hot my number right?
Why don't ya goofy ass be using it?
Lol
Right back atcha.
Reception hall reserved, save the dates sent, about to book a DJ...
this wedding of ours is coming together nicely
but then just this evening he went back to alot.
: you really should follow him again.
welcome to the team!
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time
we won't stop inviting as just by chance it could work and you could chat  hope your WW is a good one
So my gma was going off and I snuck up on her while her back was turned with 's and a card when she turned around I said HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
thanku ; much love
yes.
Right in the face
Florida hasn't much use for the imagination and leaves little to it.
: Are you asking me on a date?
I accept.
; Well anywhoo, I went there only one time before, but it was great.
Just say I miss u
Getting a new mouse is like relearning how to walk after a head injury.
So long, 9yearold Logitech and clumsy USB receiver cable.
www.shopLuLuBella.com  new items just listed today!!
Invisible childoctorn truly has made a difference.
thanks to them so many more people know about problems that are going on!
show support 3
I'm like 95 sure that Ted said Robin wouldn't end up his wife.
Plus, how did they have kids?
Same here.
I have the saddest collection of half completed sketches in a moleskin somewhere.
good morning to you as well.
Have a great day :
I'm going to have to go with JBboyfriend2  ready to hear some new material!
We can make it happen.
Esp if , , ,  keep theirs, too.
Got a 89 on intermediate accounting test.
Lost 10lbs in the 89 degree classroom.
so nice meeting you yesterday  sorry I had to dash.
Look forward to staying in touch and finding a project to work on!
A web client sent me logo for her business made by a 'designer' friend.
It looks like a firstgrader did it in crayon, badly.
recording this wknd  good time to finish those songs that need finishing!
also new balkan gypsy tango band in the works stay tuned::
barely made the cut off!
Team f'in hungry racing will take gold!!!!
Can't wait for July.
Thanks you guys.
Why so quiet on twitter today???
Too busy choking down some crow???
i dont know man but i was kidding on the book thing
Morning altered: 88 year old neighbor called, needed me.
Thought she was having stroke.
I agreed upon seeing her.
She's now at ER.
Epic roach battle.
Lots of screams, one corpse.
Linda: 1 Roach: 0 Me: Scared shitless.
RT : if Spurs had 60k stadium, they wouldnt cover half seats Big clubs get bigger venues.
There's a reason Spurs still at WHL.
where can I peep the robotic love collection?
Thanks : I should be able to post the presentation slides next week and an audio recording of the session later in May
When a whole softball team at Yogolicious and strangers tells you that you have an awesome car 
Watching Rangers/Flyers 24/7 too bad they wont meet in the ECF

Well, it is a relationship if left unchanged or unchallenged will only perpetuate the misery that exists in Haiti.
I was expecting an xray of some cracked ribs broken orbital bones.
Some Jon Jones, Kane in a LMS match kind of destruction
Thanks for all the Love only 4 more days to enter my giveaway!!!!
I want sushii!!
Who wants to join
stormcorrosion is strange and beautiful and challenges your perception of melodic music

we most definitely have to hook some things up...
p.s.
yesterday was an unexpected surprise and pleasure...
so I grew up near Freedom HS, whats a favorite memory from Bethlehem, PA?
Man I am so ready for these Playoffs to start up!!!
Let's hear some predictions!
Who you think will win, and in how many games?!
WHY?
See you next Saturday!
Can't wait to hit Brio!
Hi Ari!
: have you seen or read The Hunger Games?
If you haven't seen or read them DO IT!!!
the Midwest welcomes you back :
Home alone...
This sucks...
Let's see, what to do...
Oh wait, I have alcohol!
Ok, Crisis averted.
Anyone care to join me?
PartyAtMyPlace?
goddamn I want that sandwich again.
Maybe in June.
Just that they be in good academic standing.
he es mi distant robot cousin ;
I told you i can rap if i try!
Give me that neck, no self serve, family and friends....COME HERE RETRIEVE YOUR NECK!!!!
his face priceless...
3
miss you too, can't wait till first period.
Hopefully you have some stories
this is useless will never read my imagine anna
may it be more of the first and less of the second then!
:D
I WANT TO PLAY!
I'm so bored right now!
If you do not mind your POLITICS you may find that you have no RELIGION which you are left to freely speak about!
Let's go Pens!
....havin that moment 2thank God for another day to play an amazing game, and talking him into helping you play to the fullest of ur ability
AYO to all my loyal followers follow my bro and his girl FOR THE HOTTEST TWETTS!!!!
had no clue that was a first for you.
U nailed it like a true rock star!
Can't wait to hear more :
OMG!
I just about died!
:D i will take a pair in size 10.
Ship to Hobart, Indiana 46342.
OMG MY FAVE!
Don't show me when I'm home tonight...
Without God, you can do nothing.
With God, there is nothing you cant do.
At school making beats.
Merry Christmas!
3
Lookin for something new to try my hand in.
Any ideas?
I need to replace my wireless router.
I'm having flashbacks to my old 14.4Kbps modem from the mid1990s.
Nostalgic, but not in a good way.
Amazing how a change in elevation, can change motivation............
Mountain UP
DURAN....
I MISS YOU SO MUCH ;
Youre more confusing than my algebra 2 homework.
Correia should be in the bullpen and Lincoln should be in the rotation when Bedard gets back.
they are my second team in the east ; I'm only a heat fan if indiana's not in it !
But okc my 2nd fav team overal
Thanks for the follow!
What's your interest in sports biz?
yeah, but that's how they put it.
otherwise, i'm a grammar nazi!
lol
RT  JULIAN EDELMAN of the New England Patriots joins us at 6:30!!
We have been writing music since February of this year and are recording at Black Watch Studios in November and December.
I think some of the team is at my job tonight.
Absolutely.
With a single Apache tear.
HEALTHCAREHow many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?
What are they?
www.amazon.com Buy your book !!!!!!!!
10 mile bike ride....
holy poop, my legs are sore!
life is not measured by the numbers of breathes you take but by the moments that take your breath away
You have my vote!
you followed the wrong person.
Finally done with spring break hw.
Tomorrow back to school.
Ugh !
The Stoned Immaculate Dope AF
Guess what?
The average US male will spend 2,965 hours shaving during his lifetime.
4 more hours....
Is there a band call Hall  Simon too?
That sounds like an awesome trip to us!
lol oh yea might have u do that ASAP for me!
3 charasteristics of a crisis: 1.
information asymmetry 2.
decisive change 3.
highly undesirable outcome
I need to stop being sick.
is not going to want to meet me tomorrow if I'm all sick and gross.
I'm staring at you
: Just popped a bottle of champagne..
if only there was a snow owl for me to hit with the cork NameTheMovieEasy.DumbandDumber
Listening to Alan November at iste11  What do our students need to learn more than anything?
Global empathy.
Words of wisdom at a family gathering, stay single.
Eating at an empty Taco Bell on Mothers Day and they're playing classical music over the speakers.
This is weird.
right now this is a two week test, I do hope it stays around.
My STL family is here...let the party begin!!!
Netflix, you have failed me for the last time.
Good morning Twitter World!
Hope you have an amazing day / hope you make it one: Sending my twitter love.
Thank you for the RT last week, Ivan!
i feel invisible:
Painted on the wall?
That seems kind of ...
permanent.
What does it link to?
in audience at event
i go hard like i hate leavin...i beat the odds and i break even
Dear customer that just informed me he wanted his change, was I supposed to keep it?
Cuz then I've been doing this cashier thing all wrong.
IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake ...
who's the genius who thought of this.
I don't want to go to class
Love you too!RT : LOVE YOU.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
I suppose everything happens for a reason..
I don't need anyone to make me feel special I am fucking awesome
We're pinning sextech2012 !
The goal isn't to stop sinning, it's to start worshiping Jesus.
is back in Ca
s/o to my girl at worlds!!!!
Huh?
That is a Sakic grade in his prime.
This kid is a 3rd liner on any of the top teams.
On set filming Molly hope it doesn't rain!!
I could tell he did.
full time chelsea vs liverpool 21
cool story bro
countin money thrice
Standing  the RiverWalk by the water..Loving the view  how the water look when the sun hits it: ItsANewOrleansThing lol
Yes!
I love me Some Victoria.
I would wear any and everything she puts on!
Shes a beast!!!!
Google Search Data used to predict Flu trends per state...
Great tip for summer.
RT : Informational interviews also a great way to network and learn job search skills.
6 powerful words entrepreneurs need to say: I can help you with that.
why are their already gifs on tumblr of the boyz on abdc  notlooking notreblogging DONT SPOIL THIS MAGICAL MOMENT FOR ME.
good point.
But, unfortunately, they're the only ones who can fix it.
And the consequences are very very bad.
I have such a skinny body wuttt
updating my ipod.!
Im on a Country Roll...
ringlinglingggg!!
HELLO?
Hi!!!
Thanks for following mofones!!
Have a happy Sunday!
Being bakingchallenged is notably difficult during the holiday season.
Oh, cookieswaps, how I loathe you!
Absolutely loved Midnight in Paris.
Can't remember last time I enjoyed a new movie this much.
I can haz Paris now, plz?
Genuine hipsters are another breed.
They're gonna be affecting the demographics soon.
Jails are overcrowded violating the law of the land.The world is overcrowded with violating the law of God!
Help us Jesus!
You're an A now.
I Have No Siblings Im The Only Child 
is finally in weekend mode.
RT This should totally make 's day!!
RT Last week without Gossip Girl!
finally!
Why no reply?
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, you're cool and fuck you.
I'm out!
thank you!
i'm working on vimeo video sitemap, does the video need to be marked private for google to index it for your site?
live for life!
The gov doesn't want a stoner Society I remove the high from Marijuana And leave effects like pain relief, hunger, happiness In lozenge.
Happy Labor Day!
Of all the 32 teams in the nfl why did chandler jones have to go to the pats?
Please do not open any link that is sent from my account.
Apparently someone is playing games on Twitter; either hackers or viruses.
TLC stands for ToeLickin' Crazy.
that sounds fun!
let me check my calendars
on the Information Desk for an hour...crazy Summer Reading Program time.
Either hasn't tweeted today or twitter just isn't sending them to my phone like it is supposed to.
You ask me how my day is going and you don't reply back :
TODAY'S DEAL   5 for  10 Worth of Frozen Yogurt  Yogoyum Frozen Yogurt www.igoopon.com
Send me your album sucka :
i don't blame u!
: I have been thinking about a Philly Cheese Steak ever since I read this tweet
maybe I need to hang my bathing suit up and a picture of the Bahamas as motivation for the gym.
ugh
I am writing an article and I mentioned HTTP Referer.
I instinctively put after that.
I think I am going to leave it.

on the list and fingers crossed.
Oh, so same thing as a 7'  270lb running/jumping RT I don't sit.
I stand.
Sometimes, I walk around while I'm talking, too.
Be different, be unique, have a personality.
Canyon Shorts  Bicycling
It's boring...
Strength and honor.
already did....
Todays Friday, tommorows Saturday then I'm free can't wait for Sunday!!!
What's the job?
:
Definitely!
Just completing a grad paper b4 I call it a night U?
as i have gotten older I have watched how media will try and turn us against each other over petty BS  hoping we
thats awesome!
RT : my son likes to do the 2weekchallenge work with me
When you find out it's Mark Davis, not Rush or even Mark Steyn, how quickly do you change that dial?
tied at the half.
Go
On the island of Sumba in Indonesia water is hard to find.
Rotary is building tanks to store rainwater on this island for the villagers.
Why people don't listen to me though
Today: Attending Not Just Another Boring Mobile Panel cc/
awe!
you are the best!
I'm always here for you!
not goin anywhere!
You got that right.
Go Cubs!
Spring Fever note: Red Sox owner, Tom Yawkey, rebuilt Fenway Pahk in 1934, much needed employment during Great Depression.
I totally ate it attempting a trick dive into the pool; I practice cannonballism.
Just landed in San Francisco!
GUYS..!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!!
I FOLLOW BACK!!
JUST ASK ME!!!!
tomorrow, I'll prolly get up there around 5 is that cool?
starting situps.......NOW.
How on earth is Wind Beneath My Wings stuck in my head??
That Moment When You Sitting Home Alone In The Dark Watching Tv...
Feel Like Something Behind You And Turn Around To See Nothing 
Sounds good.
Do we need anything else??
bookaday IF YOU FIND A ROCK by Peggy Christian and I AM A ROCK by Jean Marzollo.
There will always be a part of me that will miss you forever.
My wife just finished her PhD and has notes all over our apt., so she can't REALLY complain
AlexAndoctorbertTweetTweet wow i love these guys
ALEX YOU ARE FREAKING HILARIOUS  AMAZING!
CAN YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK?
PRETTY PLEASE?3
Happy Sunday!
adoctornaline does weird stuff...jus sayin
TheThingIHateMost is disrespect on any level.
It turns into things like hatred and distrust.
Everyone deserves a chance.
No more CF4's sorry.
Looking forward to Friday April 13th.
Congrats!!
Why Google And Facebook May Disappear In Five Years
I ate a robin's nest.
Gotta get my shid together by August 27 for basic training.
Ain't NOTHING stopping me
something like a instagram photo effect, I just want it to look cool.
A photo effect that looks really good, thats it.
:
Just saw a commercial for stickers you put on your eyelids to keep them from doctoroping...what will they come up with next!
The end of spring break always sucks 
Was there really any REAL concern that Obama wasn't born in the US?
Only if I was there damn
Thanks for helping me lobbying abt Syria.
How are the rest of STAND's lobby meeting going today?
Shopping for new golf attire this evening with my EWGA crew!
I'm going to look cute for the golf league!
There's a certain sense of defiance I get from using an old Trader Joe's bag while shopping at Jewel.
; cool , can u follow me please ?i support you because you are perfect i jasminator forever ; follow me please x10
Provoked me to what I believe is my first use of professornity in a tweet, too.
Had my antioxidant fix at Ocean Prime tonight..Bubbles  Berries.
Thank you Nikki and Brandon for the best smokin hot vodka concoction.
You worked on the Universal lot, right?
How's the Amblin screening room?
Worth going?
Next to any cool sights back there?
Nice nice.
I can't wait for Christmas :3
If Viagra used product placement in the fantasy suites they would make a killing magical TheBachelor BusinessMajor yadoyadont?
Where's my poolboy?
RT : Should news orgs on Twitter have tweets by  ...
in their bio?
I've always been iffy.
has a good approach, tho.
That'll do it for today.
:
DFW  OMA this morning.
First of 8 trips now through June 30.
Are you a pro media buyer and wish you could search over 200M assets in one app?
With mypicturemaxx you can!
Hittin it early
Heading to the mall, then seatac, then studio.
Happy Tuesday y'all!
good to know since I was planning on bringing my super soaker 150 instead of my Glock 23.
okay ...
I think Im figuring this out....
a toast to you, my friend!
Spanish Final...
i didnt go to the store.., today i could buy you some tomorrow tough...
Guess what ?
I read this last tweet in your voice tone
do you work today?
lmfao me too!;
she be getting that summer bid !
sorry..
Just playing around..
:
They tend to do that.
Mine would be on me all the time and would always lick my stomach.
doctorsaid it's about protection
Maine Writers and Publishers hosts local authors on Friday, 11/29  123p.
25 local authors will be here selling and signing books!
all the good thoughts  positive vibes your way!
hm Do you remember who was?
They had a lot of guest at their taping they may have been taping for the month!!
WOW BRO YOU JUST MADE MY FUCKING NIGHT!
I DIDN'T KNOW YOU COULD STREAM THE FIGHT FOR FREE!!!
I FUCKING LOVE YOU
Holiday flavors are here: Eggnog, Bicochitto, Pumpkin and lots of holiday decorations.
Our Gift Certifictes make great holiday gifts!!!
Wasn't planning on writing a review of last night's VH show, but it was either that or stare at the ceiling w/ insomnia for the past hour.
been dealing with that one for 18 months, hope it clears up for ya
Looking for interesting people to follow?
check out:
Happy Birthday Sunshine!
And that's why he wears shades so you can't see his eyes!
Thank you!
Glad to have you in our community with Let us know if you have any feedback.
Fun things on the way!
yeah tweet me.
40 min until a epic time in vampire history!!!
RT
you have to be the most beautiful young lady alive!
Intuitive, granular search and faceted navigation should be std features on all ecommerce platforms but they aren't.
I'm tryna figure out y JaNasia takin all day 2 take 8 braids out of her head, she wonder y I call her grannie mae,lol!!!
She is SLOOWWWW!!
Awe!
Yours is amazing too!:
I would aim fr the U310 personally
Clap, clapclapclapclap.
: Can't be there tonight but lets go 
Congratulations Atlantis!
NASA final spaceshuttle launch a success in Florida  is it too early for champagne??
2.0Buffet still trying to separate twitter from facebook.
They don't want to separate.
Who knew this would be so hard?
I think what motivates people is not great hate, but great love for other people  Huey Newton
Reserve when Mayor Sanders took office was only 2.
Now the City's reserve is over 11!
omg best tt ever Kendall is our cover boy hell yea love this tt
Hey I will be at the Knitting Factory in Brooklyn tonight IN THE FLESH.
So yeah, be there.
I play at 7:30 my faithful followers!
Ugh.
You know what's awesome about Google?
It's not the simple search box.
It's called RELEVANCY RANKING.
Get some.
Pretty good day today : just dislike all the ugly weather here in phoenix lol
and ME!
oh same doing homework...
Which episode are you watching?
well im wearing my black rotc shirt like past seniors have..omg im going to almost start crying lol
Hi Rob, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool assists you better understand how much people love your brand.
DM?
i hate my twitter app, it still only has mentions from like two months ago loading...why oh why.
must reinstall
You are very welcome!
Have a great week.
I need to order one for my dog Jimmy.
Watchin my boo graduate!!
Congrats princess!!
everyone needs to check out the this article.
Me too!!!!
Biggest Loser is so inspirational.
I write this while baking cookies for tomorrow.
FRY DAY.
Don't get me started on FL....whole different set of rules there...it's like Vegas, I love it for 72 hours...then I gotta go!
New Jersey Devils.
What a team
all those fairytales are full oh shitt
Message me if your interested in coming in for an autograph session!
Fans want to meet you here in lex!
Love talking to my grandmother from New Jersey on the phone.
She's precious.
Sunday is Ride Day....HMBA Winter Mayhem ride at TRTP from 9a.m.12p.m.
I know but in case I shockingly forget ;
I support !
DAMMIT.
I always forget to change the date on my twitter name.
This shit is too irrelevent, I should just change my name to June 19th..
what's going on?
I really want to go shopping tomorrow.
anytakers ?
petty im ur friend but yuh let ppl say ishh bout me freely...???
fu 2
Today 1820: U.S.
census recorded 651 civilians and 804 soldiers and dependents living in the territory that is now Wisconsin.
alright I don't doubt that'll happen : seriously, but YOU were the key to get in lol I lost hope when we were leaving
TerrenceJones has 9 points in a row!
He's determined to doctorg UK to a victory!
do I need to get the nerf gun?
They know my name they feel like they know me but its a shame I feel like they owe me
please nobody cooks in my house, I get tired of eating out all the time
How so, Miss San Diego?
So, nice to see that Golden State is trying to go all in on injury prone players by building around Bogut and Curry
CONGRATULATIONS on a great game!!!
No voice left!
Proud to be a 9er fan from SF today!!!!!
Afternoon nap, followed by afternoon tea...
It's just that kind of day.
Just saw Coming to America again and I love it more every time I see it.
You were great!
myn past it,was 3 of April
I usually get nine hours a night.
So I'm grouchy
I love you: please follow me!!!
Preorder your copy of the 40 Day Devotional Reading  Reflections, Packaging is being prepared now!
Great resource!
They're good people.
Scratch that.
You specifically are good people.
Clearly, I value your time in class with this stimulating seminar.
Iv been a hard core fan of 4 a year now that is the longest iv ever liked something for I usually only last a few months yay me
Sounds like Microsoft is joining Google in getting rid of its over 40 engineers.
RED LIGHT WINTER :: a play by Adam Rapp opens next week.
Where's your ticket?
well played.
you're
I wanna know who crushes on me i would love to know single life sucks.
You guys look jazzy.
Tip of the day: television can be fun when the program doesnt suck.
Can you retweet the last tweet i sent to you with that link?
I liked that page
Okay Embrey....one of these Sundays.
Wedding season is going to kill me!
4 weddings in 5 weeks...UGH!
of course it can be: and academic discourse is good at pondering the terrifying side, but often at the expense of silliness
Love the show, but Family Guy seems to be the extent of actor training now.
Prolong absurd catch phrase, repeat.
Tumble doctor low.
Prom Is 2ma.
:D
Welcome home superstar!
ya!!!!
They're on Emoji 2!
so when is part 2 coming out?
With all the expanding in the CraftBeer industry and mergers would be a awesome sequel
lol like stroking my dick.
;
Great goal from Ellen : Be a swan.
Calm and graceful up top, paddling like hell from below.
NJ devils lookin beast right now
I don't know of you can handle the high pitched squeak and occasional cracking in 10yr old mikes voice
I went to Tattooed Moms on tonight for the first time in years.
What the hell happened to South Street?
have fun?!
hi back!
we hope to see u at weddingpartybridalshow on Sunday!
Free ticket giveaway on our fbook wall today!
Gotta love :
Well Beethoven had hygiene issues, so...
Indiana stays handling Miami, and New York?
I just don't see them as a contender yet.
really feeling 's Music 
cont.
as I do not handle that part.
You definitely have a good thing going with your series.
:
Exhibitors, please visit our website and sign up for your 2011 booth today!
did you know that justin and selena are just friends with benifits and not dating
At home, being a loner
blog link posted; if they take that panel, lemme know  I've been thinking about a paper on sampling/borrowing
This referee at this Clippers game...
Number 8 I think.
He's TERRIBLE...
Smh.
Thanks Mike we'll definitely have to try that one!
should I make a keek with Steven Friday?:
or I can take a picture of it
OH: The anchor doesn't calm the storm, but it holds you stable.
Getting into DCtech is easy, !
It's the getting out that's hard  thanks to
gotta keep going til im tthere
you can talk about me :
a ya jajajajajajajajaa
So, the thing is, folks, it's called social media, not let's all post depressing news that'll make us want to die media.
Palm trees are by far the most beautiful of trees.
One day I'll live where they are the locals.
One day....
Wish this damn boy would get out my head..
Magnetic generous, transformative are SFMOMA's key words for new building and what will happen in it
hm, I guess E ncore for me then.
Can't wait!
Overheard at my hotel I love Bagoyavich, I reallu do!!
Whew!
Air Hoenig  Small's.
Dude is always on fire.
It's not just one intersection, it's over 60 blocks and part of the downtown RDA.
remember that life is full of ups and downs, and without the downs, the ups would mean nothing.
his inability to control this message shows he's way out of his league at an elite hoops school like Wisconsin
Wishing all Moms a day of beauty, love, and laughter.
Enjoy your day.
Last chance!
We are looking for a few savannah seniors  grandparents to answer survey questions on Friday.
Paying 50 for 30 minutes!
do you follow ?
How is New judge assigned to case of former Walker aide Madison crime???...
its not...
he must be talking about 2k12
me n my fam r in boulder for my cousins grad party.
Be safe.
I think Pitbull would even make a remix with me.
Ok, nevermind, scratch that last tweet.
Just found Father of the Bride on Lifetime.
1999 the universe im not afraid i challenge anyone to come find me send ur best.
oh i am ur best
So...
I guess I got Netflix to watch Yo Gabba Gabba all nite.
Lol!
Dis kid needs to go to bed!
Gibson Guitar Endorses Spring Press/School Tour California, Washington, Nevada, Texas, Florida, Tennesse and NY.
Dates TBA
they have that?!!!
Maybe if is watching his Twitter feed he'll send us an occasional update.
Hello.
I would like to do a pool party...
at a mansion...
for celebrities.
Is your museum available?
gentleman on the phone.
Good idea!
Hi Well Spoken, don't know if that's in the planswhy do you ask?
okay...
me
I hope its the newer mustang you sold :
are you there?
I'm just now picking up destiny
when ever i go on a break from studying, i always watch ur videos
I think it's weird that in Dirty Dancing that one girl had an abortion yet the lead character's name is Baby.
I swear to god....
Gary Price: librarian as a navigator
Most brands have 2 positions: 1 Public perception 2 How they perceive themselves.
The best brands successfully merge the 2.
I think social media experts are those who say they are social media experts, better shop around.
Great Healthy Eating article in Latina Style Magazine about and our La Salud en Tu Cocina program.
That was a good run.
Good game, Lakers.
Were coming back for you next year.
At the GreaterTogether Youth summit
ill be ur friend !!
Thank you and kudos on your progress toward the 1,000 follower milestone!
Best of luck!
Thanks for the RT
I think they actually weighedin in favor of RWA , sadly
In ft worth with with espn.
Packer fans where you at?
: Via : The state of Colorado just converted its time zone from Mountain Time to Tebow Time.
LMAO!!
I wish there was a way that this could be played fair.
you really just said that
we are inside now.
Another time.
Follow me on instagr.am for all the Kman one can handle.
Great discussion on USF reform cbais join us!
Ky tearing in backs EARLY
Oh he kissed him on his third eye.
hey jo!
i know you're really busy, but would you consider doing an interview for a student?
even through email would be awesome!
How do you like your eggs prepared, ?
if just for reading, I'd really go with regular kindle.
Battery life measured in weeks is hard to beat.
Someone should come visit me at work today
So I got through day 1 at my new job today...
I think this will work out just fine.
SuperBowl tminus 1 day!!!!
super pumped!!!!
but super sad last game of the NFL season!!
: withdoctorwals in 2 weeks?
Have you had your D today?
Enjoying a very lazy Saturday!
Your doctoram vacation?
haja that is awesome
Facebook files an IPO, meaning we can be owners.
So can we finally get dislike and edit comment buttons?
watch til the end of the clip I just sent.
Shep can die in 2 and Joker takes over.
totally!
RT : Thanks for the Shoutout.
Yes, a little tribute to Zappa is good on a Friday.
:
I'm good just been busy
Having the best time ever with my best friend!!!
partay!!!
Applebees: Bring lower middleclass families together since 1980.
I was just two minutes late for getting Evgeni Malkin into my fantasy line up.
I'm starting two centers that don't play.
Afternoon on Waterloo!
Love my
CollaborativeLaw  Spouses avoid lengthy and costly discovery by agreeing to disclose and exchange all information.
got none.
Where r u?
I'm bored.
STOP already w/all the lame extraness thanks A 100
Every Tear doctorp is a Waterfall
Wondering how many successive days I can work at this firstthisthenthatthenthenextthingohanddontforgettheother pace.
Focus, risk taking and hard work: necessary conditions for greaterthanaverage success.
SomeoneIWantToMeet he's perfect and his dance moves are amazing.
Ahh next on mine is a Down But Not Out Hoodie  hustler membership whichmum kinda said yes to...
thingsisayatayankeegame: i am tired of clapping.
Happy early Birthday!
Have fun, don't do anything I wouldn't do!
At house with
New menu is being printed today!!!!
Look out April 1st.
The Proud One is taking shape!....getexcitedfam!
Its almost time to boat watch!
: Pan con bistec always hits the spot  great, now I'm hungry
No hablo mucho espanol.
What question were you asking?
well I kinda like those so...
Just one day I want to stroll into the office with Damn It Feels Good to Be a Gangsta playing in the background.
Happy birthday Hope its great!
A careless word may kindle strife, a cruel word may wreck a life, a timely word may level stress, a loving word may heal and bless!
doctorp by for open mic night tonight and enjoy great music and pineapple infused vodka with your salad or sandwich!
Kitty Cullen scores!
The Gators lead the No.1 ranked Wildcats 41 with 12:41 left in the first period of the ALCTourney Championship.
Everyday Ambitiously reaching pass the stars:
thinking about planning a 2day offsite to focus on strategy  any thoughts or resources that might help?
Yes 1st we do our homework and then we just play in the gym
XMen: First Class: Looked great, but script was painful.
Forget canon, but gotta have a Wolverine cameo!
CrapPlotholes2.3:5.
Is it more gracious to prove you're right or be kind  tolerant of others?
I say the latter.
Live and let live  be kind doing it!
In one hour Austin will be officially 16!!:
all the bros didn't talk about you, so you can't talk about all the bros lol
Much Love!!!
It's just gettn started..
Got an show n Miami next week!
I hope we can all play, that would be awesome
I'd much rather make a quick nickel than a slow dime.
People will never understand me.
I just have to understand that.
When they show Juliet on my local news I fangirl every time ahahah love her 3
Right!!!
Fucking assholes!
RT : Why are people posting pictures of food like if I'm not freaking starving over here!!?
And tonight nightmares of Baylor.
Not even thinking past that!
Lmao I feel like going on a rant, but imma chill..
Might hurt some feelings...
I'm good got the week off so I'm being lazy lol..Friday should be fun I have special guest coming too :
Two roads diverged in a wood and I  I took the one less traveled by.
Robert Frost
This Man's Tweet From Occupy Oakland Offers A Glimpse Into Police Excess via
RT SomeFactsYouShouldKnow I don't read books is code for I'm stupid.
12:04  I cant get u off my mind lol Super Excited that tickets 4 July 6th Milwaukee go on sale this Sat.!!
Ur amazing 143 3 3
hmm, that is the programming then.
There might be an app for that!
you've never said anything I didn't find hilarious.
Hello everyone, this is my first tweet.
Trying to learn all about it!
me too!
: It's confirmed.
I picked up a nasty cold while visiting Austin.
Fortunately, it didn't show up until after lavacon.
: Don't worry.
Progressives will mention the crap out of Obama's Bin Laden achievement.
Only you are responsible for your words and actions.
Shut up, jerk!
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
so I hear you were talking about me to my friend Erica?!
Not cool.
I just woke up to te sun beaming!my hair everywhere.and my shrit unbuttoned fully.did me and my doctorams do it?morning yall
miss you too sis!
Gotta get together soon so I can see you and my little man:
UW in the mix for Black Mamba per rivals...close strong Sark!
wee doctorp wee rock!!!
Once had a contract for a bus sent to me as a word doc.
WTF?!
1:26 to go and the Amerks still trailing...
Haha thats right !!
Go Philly !!!
RT : The Eagles taking all the best Free Agents.
First Cliff Lee now Nnamdi smh
Is it thursday yet??
Congrats to .
Took on a new opponent after a training camp preparing for a completey different fighter, not easy.
Merry Christmas to all  may your new year be filled with joy and Spurs victories.
if my mom ever saw me writing niallwhipshispenis she would smack me!!
Yeah my babes coming over 
Please.
You have a boyfriend and are younger than me.
You're safe from the doctoraded spinster title.
:
will be celebrating JD's birthday tonight with her friends.
We are having pork pinwheels.
They look REALLY good!
My nigga out !
More history: California Rep.
Nancy Pelosi became the first female Speaker of the U.S.
House of Representatives today in 2007.
On the way to a literary lecture
Found Cat Alert!
Likes car rides  he must have a home!!
Southeast Carmel near Clay Middle School.
Grey, neutered male....
Married couples that met online had an average courtship of 18.5 months.
Offline 42 months.
How about you?
This webinar will share techniques for marketing more efficiently and effectively, particularly on a tight budget
Despite the outcome we had a ridiculous time at the Cavs game tonight, Gee, Kyrie, Tristan still fighting, Twan  Parker have mailed it in
Hi Marie!
Aww thanks!
I really didnt know that hehe.
yours is amazing too
that's because was at publix.
Just saw him wearing the same FIU shirt he wears everyday
Wow.
I seriously meant to be productive tonight.
Instead, I ended up watching Bridesmaids and painting my nails all Halloweeny.
Whoops!
lost my 2 yr.old niece ..her funeral was yesterday.
God Please give our family strength.
SexTip: Ladies, always remember that he loves when you sit on his face.
A Mustache Ride will do your body GOOD!
As always, enjoying this guys, 's tweets....
I've always been lame.
Talk to you soon!
If your gunna pick her over me.
More power to you.
But dont expect me to do stuff with you next time your horny.
Lmao.
hoila.
whats app?
Can you tell me please who is booking agent for Every Avenue or We Are In The Crowd?
well apparently your phone isnt smart enough to do that...
Beer:30 tonight.
Bring something to share and stay for a movie.
Ready To Hear Jonas Music!
WHOOP WHOOP!
Thought for the Day: Motivation is what gets you started.
Habit is what keeps you going.
Jim Ryun
A little late, but happy birthday!
Hope you had a good one.
I agree.
It's odd to comprehend.
I give my last dime to so many of my favorite causes.
Give w/o regret and it comes back
partner welcomes NBA athletes in lockout.
Where better than the bball captain of the world to train?
These guys
Having a cappuccino with my client and friend Teresa, former Miss NJ US
Thanks for all the birthday wishes.
I have awesome friends.
I HAVE HAD SO MUCH
who is nastier?
The NIGGA GETTIN his ass licked or the female lickin it?
Hm
Checking in again to see if you've received my email.
Thanks!
Casey
I haven't been on facebook in like a week...and really its just a photo album these days...perhaps its time to...dare I say, delete?
Thanks for having me!
When you really wanna be successful you gonna loose some sleep, forget to eat.
Don't go to sleep on to doctorams you might miss something !
lets not become NYNY
Yeah, you've officially been unbestfriended.
I haven't watched the since they had , now they have Mike Trout, that seems like a downgrade
I wish they made Pajama Jeans in my size,I would never wear anything else ever again!
Cathedoctorl of the Holy Spirit in GA collects food on a regular basis for homeless and church's food bank.
Very much Blue mixed in?
Freedom lies in being yourself.
Excellent!
Thanks for the great idea.
I was wondering if a map of Panem existed while reading HG but didn't want to spoil it :
The moment someone believes they are capable is the exact moment they need to be inspired to commit to action...be prepared to inspire!
Becoming a part of  you should too!
Thanks to one of my best friends Renee Hanna at for introducing me!
the patio on 3rd floor is beautiful and relaxing.
our little bungalow and
lame I just pass by and yea NO!
Sorry!
/:
Check out some of the Willy Wonka Chocolate Party pictures!
Look at photos!
type of person you want to me, I think your actions rule over you thought.
Everyone thinks bad things at one point.lol
Thank you for the shout out, Daniel!
Have a great week.
Got 835 words in tonight.
At least I did something.
I don't care if you don't like my twang.
: Pending signature of the governor, Indiana will have one of the weakest smokefree air laws in the country.
but still.
i'm speaking for MOST people.
The other half are just straight up attention whores.
No, but it would be easy enough for us to compile the data from the records we do have.
how do you guys know when the plane is taking off and all that?
You're not talking about porn, I presume.
When you get arrested and executed because youre at a shoe factory during a payroll hold up SaccoVanzettisStory
JGM is now manufacturing and selling a quality pet door at an affordable price.
It's not new, but it's happening with less meaningful criticism.
Desperate times, desperate measures.
just received the best news I could have today.
now i can focus.
Going To School everyday..
While Trying to make Music.
HaHa!
Getting little sleep .
.
I Cant Wait till Summer!
What's everyone doin' this weekend?
ENTERTAIN US
CONGRATULATIONS TO !!!!!
CAMDEN NEED SOME UvE APPAREL NOW!!
LOL
RT Now following cuz told me too!!!!!
in a time when music programs are cut, this is wonderful.
Bless you Elex!
Awesome.
Hey were you at emspdx yesterday?
Meant to find you  introduce myself.
My bad!
Don't miss out on ur blessings
Accepting bookings for FebMay, contact Charmaine Lewis for details!
He just gotta give me that look when he give me that look then the panties COMIN off UHH
Lets be honest.
A better question for your waiter to ask when hes taking your doctornk order around kids is how many cokes will there be?
ThingsEveryoneCanRelateToo not wanting to go to school/work, sleep in!
Detroit public schools lost 58 of enrollment  how do you balance that budget?
Why is the world wide leader playin the st out of that old DWade ad?
Tired long week
I Love My Mom  shes always there for me and she cooks so good ; Truth is idk what i would do without her?
Either Facebook is buggy...
OR Saltz has booted and blocked me.
LOL
Congrats!
RT : YAY!
: someone is going to Follow the North Star Congrats  enjoy!
txt me gotta new phone lost a lot of contacts
: Nice!
Today looked like a great day for a fall doctorve.
It was!
Beautiful fall colors  Monderosa burgers!
Do you need Air Conditioning installations we've got u covered call today 9722342336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
True, but I'm not that you that your referring to..Thx
Some long overdue FF and !
come be a part of The Big Blue Nation!!
New Banners are gonna be hanging....
me!!!
Looking by the computer tommorow to plan my trip to GB to see you begreat!!!!!
tell johnny i said hi.
even tho i saw im earlier today
Tamie should be ashamed of herself, no class what so ever can't argue wignorance, Susie gonna get hers karmas a bitch remember that
Checkin out new DJ territory in DFW.
in Plano.
Not too shabby.
Not too shabby indeed.
Walked into an ATT store and I hear skrillex  first of the year playing pretty loudly.
stay beautiful!
RT : In a relationship Cancer's are constantly thinking about their lover.
With a new month comes a new sandwich.
Metro Diner now featuring a chicken Caesar flatbread for 4.99
Organic is popular in Barcelona: wines, fruits and vegetables, meats, cheeses, beauty products.
Also a lot of vegetarian restaurants.
One day I'll hug you by and say: that day finally arrived, it was worth waiting a lot for him :
.
.
.
could really eat Spanish food tonight, like from Spain.
You know, that kind of Spanish.
Deliverance: worst movie ever, minus the banjo and ass rape scene.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Aint made plans yet me and jude was thinkin bout slidin down on u one weekend
that is
Counts.
It all counts.
Are you saying I'm fat?
Send your Wine Labels to us now to enter our free contest!
Email info .com NOW!
NO COST.
FREE to enter
I'm in Louisiana or a few more days.
im not a slut!
i can count all the people ive slept with with one hand.
yeah if that hand was holding a calculator.
true
love the question.
my dog softly laying her head in my lap to ease my anxiety this morning.
:
mane bro I foreal got mad foo
thank you 3
In too deep, can't think about giving it up But i never knew love would feel like a heart attack.
occupyaustin at sxsw :: today at TUMC 4001 speedway, noon to 8pm :: stopMonsanto with John Duffy :: going forward to a simpler time
RT : Carmelo is all we got.
Trade Stat for nothing and let JR walk
It's a cat power kind of night
definitely an explosive player!
Great kid too
Happy Birthday!
Agreed!!
RT Wellness Wednesday at Yogurt, fruit, bagels, veggies, juice...YUM!
Midlakes Basketball: 9 kids working on their game this morning.
In time we will have a strong program.
or be like Homer Simpson.
Tell them there's always about a million people better than you

You should check out a BTAN at Has anyone from Filene ever visited BancVue?
You have a lot in common.
Poor Bebe.
How will she come to appreciate a homeroasted cup?
Agree!: The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur C.
Clarke
welcome home  consider the humidity a free sauna :
yup, i'm a linux fan...
the only reason i still also have a windows box is to update/sync my iphone, lol
what it do real dude?
I hate writing :/
The new dynamite walls project is called follow us!!
Shows start next month!
Always my pleasure, Records.
Rain  trash in the water.
Back River cleanup event tomorrow!
9a2p, meet at Essex Park  Ride with boots.
Supplies and lunch provided.
That's true.
I probably have a skewed viewpoint since I'm in PRwe are always connected by email and social media!
Thank you so much!
It means a lot that you and so many others have been so kind to me!
Playing some wii bowling with Yaz and aka Chad!!
:
Zinester Ben Snakepit just came by MonkeyWrench Books to doctorp off some copies of his latest books.
Need career coaching?
Need leadership skills?
Email me:
Im all about A dollar !
i loved it.
is it coming out on itunes?
hm.
RT : On February 8, 2000, the meaning of life was auctioned on eBay.
The winning bid was 3.26.
thanks for the mention today!
agreed.
Just asking in light of DACS revisions in case there's some wisdom we can incorporate.
Follow back bro
That one special person we all think about every single day.....3
follow me
I heard because he's been getting hurt so much at first base they thought he'd be safer as a dh
Honored to win both the youngest alumni present  the Alumni Association Achievement Medal tonight at Alumni Dinner
Basically he'd need to get an investment group.
Or, when he sells the team, he could promise to use the money to build an arena.
lol u made a good choice to b inlove with one of the most powerfull woman in the world
you can archive  reuse posts with HootSuite.
There is also a feature which you can use to store frequently sent posts
42 is a lucky number every day, for the truly enlightened.
I have alot to take care of between now and the end of this month.
Some things are mandatory but Looks like ill be talkin alotta Losses
Undertaker looking way too skinny and bald to be Undertaker.
Mets win in well unorthodox fashion over he SF Giants
Your so adorable  I absolutely love you.
Every time I watch one of your videos I get the biggest smile!
Your one of a kind!3
It was great.
I 3 Shakespeare!
How was the b.mitzvah?
pang!
a
Check out olive Dance Theatre on Fox news right now!
Justin doctorw Bieber is trending...
That made me smile after the extreme frustration of what had happened haha
She's fast asleep.....
hahaha ok good!!
i saw it for the first time today and it is amazing!!:
Having one of those days huh?
I feel ya buddy.
Last week I had doctornks everyday to cope.
that would be a very interesting experience............
Get 2 tacos and 4 margaritas on Wednesdays  Johns Place
you know I got you!
I think Jean Paul Gaultier
FreshmanRetreat was incredible!
Bummer I missed Monta Ellis debut but it was still a great experience.
I think tomorrows gonna go by fast..
If your luking at dis go ta bed
All GO PAY YOUR BILLS!
We want Take the Stage and Pandamonium!
Cru De Gra is coming!
Prepare yourselves guys, June 16  Club 101, it's going to be epic!
onePersonIwouldlovetoFuck Usher R.
ah heart flutters
Do You Know Me???
Thatembarrassingmomentwhen I trip up a sidewalk and land strait on my face!
Got the hair dye.
Ombre Adventure part 2 :
Email me to get your FREE blastoff site at
Lovitz is a liberal that hates Obama.
Heaton's a conservative, and Turner, and Chuck Norris
Im wondering...If a bulldog nails a shitzu, are the puppies called 'bullshitz'?
Orrin Hatch just said Sebelius doesn't know what she's talking about.Must be the new civility I've been hearing about.
word of the year so far: leak
Happy Friday the 13th everyone!
I'm grateful 4 friends.
It's my fault for not planning a friend gathering.
But standing in smoking patios w 2 ambiv gays prebday sucked.
Ok random random random!
you're welcome director.:
Executive I think.
11x17?
Not sure...
: Hey I dont know if you noticed all the extra pub on Facebook for Ocomedy or not...
Monopoly Is something
nevermind, saw you posted both, thought it was just the hyatt at first
Nope, I'm thinking you were way more trouble.
That's actually a Monte Carlo simulation.
The bruteforce method is to enumerate all possible results and count up.
RT RT It's the little details that are vital.
Little things make big things happen.
would be an honor to help in any way that I can.
Please send me an email and we will set it up.
Had a mini hearttoheart sesh.
It was alright..
Just saw a man running while wearing jean shorts.
Brotha man is probably feeling some major chafeage right about now.
Is it wrong to think we can't preserve dignity of all human beings when we blow some of them up for questionable motives and tactics?
Filling in for this morning, alongside Hope you'll join us!
done working for the day mental patiences have taken over the CRC/sylvania
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
John D.
Rockefeller
I heart you guys.
Thank you so much for your help.
Now I need some street tacos.
And slippers.
I'm in.
It's such bullshit.
People take them so serious.
They mean nothing.
.
is going to laugh at me, but I have to help present in front of mining engineering grad students and I'm really nervous.
RT : A goal without a plan is just a wish.
did u ever get the pics of the melo 2?
YAY JASPER FOLLOWING US!!!!
I'm excited at the thought of a new secret cow level for D3.
Why are farm animals so amusing?
We give two thumbs up to 'Contagian'!
Learn what happens when an all star cast takes on a global pandemic:
Awww i miss you too Ashton ; talk to me soon!
No Sherpas.
Though Roger kinda....
: Mountain to climb, no grappling hooks
im gonna take a verse out of a song i did a while back and let you sing and rap.
its a perfect song for singing and rapping.
Louis: I dedicate 'More Than This' to Eleanor.
Liam: I dedicate 'WMYB' to Danielle.
Niall: I dedicate 'I Want' to Nandos.
u kno I got u my nigga
I didn't know about it.
When is it?
had to explain the game of baseball to some ppl while at the Thank you
Best mother's day commercial was the Oreo one when the kids brought there mom a glass of milk rapped in napkins and Oreos
I'll light a FIRE....FIRE.....FIRE!
S/o to all my bros.

RT : Exactly.
I'm going to hear her next week, too.
But yes,  sinister.
why was tamia mad at Sam .
yes, I will be there too
I had a great time!
Thanks!
Glad everything ran smoothly
Quizzo 8:30 Cranky Joe's in East Falls win 2 tix to the Flower Show.
Topics Music/Movies, Pop Culture  Only in Philly.
Baseball beer round
iDecide2B whatever works for me.
Teenage parenthood is a challenge.
Safe, smart, protected, and educated is a must.
im so sorry!
i have been busy!
lets tweet now!
:D
MN ...
dnt worry bro everything will be ok!
dear clevland browns will u plz trade your 1st round pick to it would just mean alot to me....
yo we on the rollo with this shit ...
cosmos , live legends ..
so right lmaoooooooooooo
3 more to go!
RT : Ok people, my sister is only 6 people away from that 100th follower!
Can we get her there?
If I got to design UI icons for the rest of time, I think I'd be alright with that...discovering pure form is swell
I didn't think it could happen, but I just tripped and fell into a life boat too.
np 'What's a girl to do?' Bat for Lashes
hey man, I like your work, listen to mine if you get the chance, im not trying to sell, just curiouse for your opinion
Why isn't peyton starting the pro bowl?
Did I miss something?
Since I'm done it's time to party !
Such A Great Day ; God Bless U All
I'd be damned if I let you go
And we appreciate your business!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone.
Hope y'all have fun and stay safe
RT : S/o to all of SAN DIEGO!!
Rep where you from...
Let them birds take a bath
Seems like I never use this anymore.
That could be a problem if there were any people that actually read my shit :
just checked in for the flight tomorrow!
2 many of our youth are dying Radio Dj's HELP stop playing so much D.M.K.M.
Death Murder Kill Music...You get paid  they get shot :
When you come to Mission Hills Community Garage Sale tomorrow, please doctorve carefully.
Watch for pedestrians, esp childoctorn, crossing street.
Thx for these!
Keep 'em coming RT : sweetbreads, chicken liver, lamb riblets and as a special some foir gras.
Boy I swear women is something else!
I love them tho!
This girl better look good for me today, cus i ain't going to school for her ass.
Room.
Ask megan.
so inspiring:
Remember The Titans is on, this is one of my favorite movies 3
If you think about it, they probably invented the butt plug before they invented fire.
Caveman, rock  you see where I'm going with this?
No Doubt!
I'm honestly so close to never wanting anything to do with you.
You push and push
Never let your fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
Bronco's will b salty if Peyton goes down this season, or retires in 2 years.
What if Tebow becomes a Hall of Famer in NY?
Father of Zach Smith with talking about federal law/policy that prohibits Zach's name on Post Office designated in his honor
RIP Donna Summer
in florida don't fire a warning shot, that's 20 years, kill them and u go home
I always thinking about Austin 3
being jumped by my hubby at 11pm last night MasSexy !!!!!
ohmygosh.
This is beautiful okay?
congrats on the job on Thank you so much for this.
I bow to you
Getting my wheels in motion with a ride/run this am.
Love cycling!
haha well he's not having a MG and I'm not gonna stak him...ill be stalking BTR hehehe
I was so happy when i saw someday at christmas333 omg your adorable lil voice3 thanks for the album33
Merry Christmas  Happy Holidays everyone!
We love you all!
I love girls but they're impossible
This rain sucks.
Just got back from Cancun, where it was about 85 the whole week.
I would rather be back there with the swine flu than here.
deep breath.
i will.
survive.
this week.
Don't mind her, she's still upset because someone doctorpped a house on her sister.
RT SC's highway deaths reach 61 as of January 29, 2012, 19 ahead of last year at this time.
Buckle Up!
pls stop TEXTING!
MORE THAN JUST YA FRIEND
Yea Busy by Lyfe Jennings Deff fixna be her ringtone fa sure.
You had me at apocalypse.
RT : Content structure is core in avoiding the coming mobile web apocalypse
Lol, sorry for laughing out loud; but you just make me smile.
Crank up the tunes in the afternoon when they are sleeping.
I made consuelo take my chicken meat off the bone for me.
Lmfao who doesn't know hahahahaha.
Jk we have a better picture then this.
It's old but a pimp picture in my case.
Bradley Coops and his chic ian somerhalder and nina dobrev and miley and nick though its over :
Missing los PremiosCassandoctor the Dominican Oscars...
not a happy one right now.
Only we offer you 4G LTE plus rewards!
Get speeds up to 10x faster and get rewarded for it
But its only 11 AM tho..
here i am!
u r not lying
:: Alright na!
I'm so proud of my baby she got Five A's and One B on her report card!
HonorRoll
Hey, thanks for the RT, Kimmi!
ElP crashed Potholes
A beautiful day for Cinco de Mayo!
How is everyone celebrating?
other than with a refreshing Rohrbach's beer, of course ;
What's your favorite character?
Hey, thanks for the follow!
nicki minaj and lil kim should do a song together
Santa Claus has the right idea.
Visit people once a year.
Victor Borge
That was awesome, thanks Portland friends and the Red Room!
Brandon with 40, April with 36, Nancy with 33 at the buzzer.
Not a revolution to overthrow a government, but a revolution to reawaken and reinvigorate a government to what always should have been.
WSTR
Please add a Seattle or VancouverBC tour date!
It's not fair.
The West Coast shows are only in Cali  Canada is huge!
Are you feeling the 'blurred edges' of this new influx of Pisces energy  the new moon highlights a new cycle of vision  imagination power.
ThankYouBIGBANG for just being straight up awesome
It's funny because I think a lot of it is simply
hell yeah...
lol
Wrath of the Crows starring Directed by
3day Only 3 miles left until camp.
I'm doin gr8.
Had a gr8 turkeyday.
Went shoppin yesterday.
All around gd weekend so far.
How bout u?
I can't just favorite everything you say, can I?
kenwood burning down??
O.o
we'll see.
I gotta pull for my wife's alma mater and home town school.
I KNOW THAT SHIT KILLS ME ERRTIME I HEAR CRY ON MY SHOULDER AND HEARTBREAK COLLISION DANG BUCC GONE SOO SOON FUK AUBREY TOO..
they needa take it outside!
Haha
there will be, now that we got rid of that ridiculous title!
;
she never falls in love
Q4 gc's, wallets, socks, grilling equiptment, little electronic do dads and tools
i would say i'm 7030 when it comes to topping.
70 of course topping.
I'm obsessed with
One day, youll just be a memory for some people.
Do your best to be a good one.
June 2.
Graduation is June 12.
Interesting idea.
Do you like yaml over, say, nosql key:value for portability reasons?
The Ads host Abbotsford in Game 1 of their playoff series tonight at the BC!
Greats seats, only 10!
I am proud and honored to a part of your crew.
I promise to kill it this Summer, just for you and
Any one kno Harry Styles, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, and Louis Tomlinson's twitters?
Maria
Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
Robert Heinlein
I knowso sad!
Yes!!!!
RT : I love late night showers
allrelationshipsneed 2 people that actually take the relationship seriously
At the Ransom Center!
I'm still here till end of February.
Have you ever lived with a boyfriend/girlfriend?
Did you do it for the wrong reasons?
Or did it work out great?
Here in the movies with the family going to watch breaking dawn I can wait
Sometimes when I'm at home and Jenny's isn't here, I'll brush my teeth before bed.
Should be a good game though
I will!
Hopefully nothing happens!
not sure how to share 6 hours worth of folk, rock, worship  rap.
Nor should I...
How do you feel this morning?
It's feasible for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its innate boundaries and concerns.
whosgonnalose  Florida v Cincinnati  Cincinnati will lose
Temple Run is the most addicting game ever.
Natural abilities are like natural plants; they need pruning by study.
Francis Bacon
R E M E M B E R  wen bitches wit hort hair fanned their ponytails !
Gell it up so the back reached the top !
Fashion show trip tomorrow!
:D 3
we all are :/ make some bullshit breakfast with stuff you have in your fridge then ha
The weekend officially starts at 5 when Sabbatic's Happy Hour takes effect: 241 EVERYTHING from 59!
MKE's best Happy Hour!
Also most fun
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
whats good world
SAMMIE RELEASED A NEW REMIX TODAY TO You Da House today!
Fire up some Color Me Bad.
Pouring in Los Angeles today.
Have a Good day beautiful3 :
near Orlando and Beverly right??
't say that!
I am still in the happy phase with mine.
I hope it stays that way :
The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.Vince Lombardi
bout to hit the bed!!!
it sucks!!
tits are always a great thing
Don't forget to check out bucjeyes101.com and chat with me on the game thread today!
: oh sorry i said i like your hair  thank u luv
Cant wait for Ustream!!
one final failed.
Two more to go.
At least I dong get to see my bracket get raped
I took my inhaler last night.
no 22nd for now.
We will have an event in january!
And, on the 27th, if you want to stay posted, we may be in the marina!
ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Lee Evans' hands
never thought we have the last kiss...
loves her fansshe's the most talented female artist since Janis Joplin
I'll wear my Heat shirt 
CRSS would like 2 wish EVERYONE A HAPPY EASTER, A HAPPY PASSOVER, and anything else that u ALL may celebrate!!!
Xoxoxo
Will be doing a little celebration with the founder of tonight.
Check out the new launch, music for listeners
I wonder if will ever notice and follow me:
Vince Smith from Scratchpads talking about Issues and his wish list at Content Summit
Bailey, Can you please follosw me?
It'll make my entire day!
C'mon!
You know you want to make me happy!
:
I need a shoot of
Watermelon Arizona 
HA.
indeed.
Enjoy whatever spicy awesomeness you make with it!
There's a lot of black pepper in it, so it's extra sneezy.
np Miracle Lover...I adore Joss Stone
Weiners a dick!
i can share what ones I recall from my neck of the woods.
hm, yOU'RE GOING TO SOUND CHECK IN VEGAS RIGHT?!
Know some amazing YoungMinds?
Tell them to apply now 4 a chance to attend Google in Sept!
bit.ly/qpcMoM
Here we go Brewers!!
the bloom is in her hat
wow lucky bitch!
Hello!
Everyone make sure to follow our friends !
RT : Just stopping by to say hello!
how do I go about getting you to review/tweet about my app?
But Lithuanian teacher is speaking only a little bit in Latvian.
avengers worth the hype  the wait.
Amazing!!!!
just turned my TV on, The Nightman Cometh is on WGN!!!!
And I like my chuck's dirty as fuck.
I'll split one with you!
Some people hate on your vision because they don't see themselves professorting from it KeepItToYourself and make it happen
: I know someone who'll never give up on me, who gives me strength, who gives me the will to live, God.Amen to that...
Stay tuned....next week we have loads of surprises for you!
takes longer to get ready than most girls do...
HurryUp!!
does anyone out there have studentworker management suggestions?
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of motivation.
miss you..
Yo nerd alert table left.
Anastasia Steele is an ungrateful, pushy mope.
I'm really wishing this female character was more likable.
4 chapters left...
Pounding doctornks like an asshole or what?!?
haha
We need to stop acting like bitches and more like MEN with each other we're all brothers dammit
Your Vision is My Vision, I Work For You!
I'm a you know what?
Hey, hey, hey doctornk RT : I'm an I love you, man doctornk.
You?
So I just Googled forty koozie.
Don't judge
At the mall an im not having fun WHERE US when u need him he woyld make is so FUN!!
U k he CRA CRA
in spirit you will be!
Its so good she call it SUPERDICK
Nice eve out with friends!
Never failsmet ANOTHER Mother w/sad story who lost everything due to Ashworth.Doyne.Love.Sparta.
Dad's  win
We are glad too.
; So glad you enjoy your ride!
itsawesomewhen i hear that bacon sizzle
Come see us!
Snug Lounge show for this Saturday is cancelled.
We will be in the studio working on the new album.
National Coffee Day?
I better jump on some Starbucks asap!
yeah I don't think it's any of us though.
EXACTLY!
So trend it!!:
When people stare, ill pretend i dont hear them talk
feel better soon!
lmao, porcelain throne over everything
Happy Easter Vegas
Tomorrow is Primary Day!
Get Out and Vote!
you should make a trip around Texas  come see me!
Im in Houston!
Not far:
: still just didn't get into it like I norm do ...season of idiots wasnt one of my favorites
Disabled car I5 SB in Delta Park...
Left Lane partially blocked...
that ties it up back towards Jantzen Beach.
I need to write more
': we can work out together?3
he kept us in contention during the middle of the season when Neuvy was struggling bad
Oh, yes!
That's the biggest difference between gifted  bright kids  get it done/get the grade vs, well, you know :
JerryMaguireI feel so much like him.
I had such a long day today and I'm tired.
Please pray for meBAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER
LOVE MY FOLLOW professorVOR Thank you for your
We think you should celebrate MKEDay with brunch at VIA!
Great food, great espresso and 241 Bloodies and Mimosas.
From 11 to 3.
Obama in Albany boils down to This success story doesn't happen without massive government investment.
You're welcome.
Sounds like a great party!!!
The only gift is a portion of thyself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Karl Ravech earns 456 points for admitting SportCenter is paying some bills here with extremely illtimed Immortals tiein.
Welcome to Monday, if you have not already done so, please prepare for the rest of the week.
It will be a busy and productive week.
Thanks!
Let's Oovoo!
i know right at least someone agrees Lol its true!:
best wishes for next season..
phoenix, suns!!!
coppers, warm browns, and rich jewel toned purples will make a huge difference!
Also play with colored eyeliners!!:
Thanks Girlay!
You and Noah are the cutest!
So glad to hear it!
We're giving out reusable shopping bags to the first 1000 members  you can pick it up on your first visit!
True, I'm having trouble getting used to two columns for posts.
Don't like bouncing back and forth.
Damn, I hope she goes right back to it on its course to the Artic, that'd be BA.
webwise kids did engineering activity without chaperones' knowlege.
Solution: put big sticker on kids, so adults noticed
I was the most lazy human being on the planet today.
A.J Pierzynski is on pace for 59 HR and 191 RBI.
That is all.
when class features a clip from Freaks and Geeks, you're in for a good quarter.
looking forward to YA services.
The average Blackberry is useless
Continuing to speak when others gracelessly interject can also be a helpful skill.
The Dominicks' out here are pretty good.
I really like their salads and soups.
Any one out there know of any movie producers that can help me turn my book in to a movie?
Tweet me pls!
Love me some NerdMelt!
Pencil This In: 's 'Divine' Art Show, Xmas for Bukowski, a Book on Beck  More:
It's been a long day...and week, for that matter.
Let's get this doubleheader started.
If you create a government to protect you from bad people, then the smartest and most able bad guys flock to be in the government.
The spirit of leadership needs to be seeding for it to grow.
THANK YOU for a wonderful book, full of heartbreaking stories.
Let's stop this injustice together!
WATCH ALEX AND I GET INTO A FIGHT BECAUSE I ASKED IF HE WAS BUTT HURT.
: Another second round exit for Kobe this year timetoretire smh
Hey do you mind tweeting BeliebersGotSwag :D ???
: please TELL ALL YOUR FOLLOWERS :D
Meeting at 630 with a marine recruiter...
Hopefully this will help me decide what I wanna do...
:
your bearlies r going down!
Good luck this season.
RT : I won't look back.
I can go the distance...
Hercules
me too
sorry I couldn't be more helpful!
Hope you get it worked out.
When I was little I thought Gary Carter was the fastest guy on the Mets.
My dad told me he just played harder than anyone else.
Bodacious Broad party tonight......
do I hear a in the works???
up next!
gaflygirl is my google plus fanpage name.
Illegal Aliens...oh I'm sorry undocumented Democratsare votes for Democrats, its that simple
any motivation works, hope you find something
ugh i'm so upset about blink 182.
Thank you!: Great unSDCChi discussion.
Very insightful.
Depends on your slant.
I'm not interested in any more flaming.
Some intoxicated old man was making lewd comments  death threat threats.
Reality tv will never be as interesting as a subway ride.
Chris Wilcox as Method Man, Iggy as Redman  How High 2 could work
New saints shit is crazy
Break time is over.
Time for some focused writing.
I hope to tweet later.
Happy Friday, everybody!
Sunday NFL Ticket at The Anchor Bar.
Come by for 7 Pitchers and 4.50 Pinnacle doctornks!
oh we had a awesome Saucer day
: I need a man friend : ill b ya friend
Back in the saddle after the holidays.
Welcome to 2010!
Veal breast marinated in chermoula roasting away in the oven  my house smells awesome.

video teaser only!
sorry!
Thes, Double, Kat  Eric came up with that one late one night in the studio for fun.
On way to office party to celebrate 's new redesign.
On newsstands today!
sure, ping me!
Meetings this morning, ugh!
Today, 1st Sunday, we will be at Love Fellowship Tabernacle Church in Brooklyn with Bishop Hezekiah Walker giving the sermon
Calling cars whips
Why did I waste my time with yo ass
I love it when the traffic cops set up right outside our door.
So entertaining.
It makes the last 1/2 hour of the work day pass pleasantly.
Great match for Punk and Jericho but how do you build heat for a rematch.
Seems lifeless now.
What business?
I have a nightmare with Sunday's CO 172.
What are you two up to???
goes to commercial during first IU doctorve.
Let's pay attention techs.
So doctordoctorw may think my affinity for older men is a bit gross but I am falling in love and couldn't be happier!!!!!!!!
8
'Out of Sight' just started on HBO.
Sleep will have to wait.
american idol  its really getting close race to call
Of course.
I certainly wasn't saying that all software is a differentiator; obviously not.
I know I have an addiction.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been naughty all year and their record shows it.
I've gotten that sometimes, I think just because of the piano thing.
What made you say that?
Act of giving to disasters is an emotional impulse and need to be treated as such
Q for Gurry GlobalINET  Is preventing me from sharing content I paid for w/ 2 friends more important than my privacy or right to use Net?
Wheelin and dealin at the SM farmer's market.
Great to see so many chefs out today.
NESN is Experiencing BAD Technical Difficulties on UVerse in CT ;
weird to not have anything to do on easter
I think I kame I down somebody plz tell me blunt steady screaming somebody help me Supa loud 
Well Ryan Braun just hit his third ball out of Petco Park.
Safe to say the slump is over?
yeah I'm so scared that she's gonna call my mom.
I wish she freaking would!!
Haha
sounds like a good day!
:
why would people be saying you hate Green Day?
Green Day is amazing, just like Paramore!!
:
is having a video competition to win 25k for your business.
Enter!
Or help me with cool ideas for my video on why I should win!
FF Get on his good list!
Now I feel like going on a walk.
Anyone want to join?
Checked it four times, didn't notice the title.
It's game time!
Time to kick ass !
:
You are welcome!
most def...
Let me know!
Would love to get together!
Thanks to John Chowning at Campbellsville University for having me on Dialogue on Public Issues today.
I enjoyed it very much.
Don't tap the mic.
Talk into it.
Sing into it.
Rap into it.
It's a mic, not a doctorm machine
tryouts tomorrow!
: You are all so great!
We have our favesnow just making sure we get the green light from all!
It was 30 years ago today: Sing your favorite John Lennon lyric and remember one of the great artists of the 20th century.
Thanks for the RT!
Will we be seeing you for this delicious event?
HOLY CRAP.
I just threw in a jalapeno in my Breville Juice Fountain.
Echofon is okay in horizontal orientation but awkward in vertical.
Tweetbot has very intuitive navigation.
Similar layout, tho.
dude set up a trap, had a hideout and everything.
He's my idol.
work smarter, not harder  you tell it!
Interesting convo political show this A.M.
Barrett Tetlow  comment on party shift
Nearly home after a weird and wonderful trip to Mustique...
Thank u, that's in honor of the grandfather I just lost this morning!
He was 88  they were married 66yrs!!
And we love it.
RT Sad the lottery winner had to be from Baltimore, a Godless city filled w pot/marijuana crime  wharf hobos.
If you can't find what you're looking for, email or call  both are on the website.
I've got some updating to do.
hahaha that's probably the worst I've seen anyone get hit.
He took it like a champ though.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Vidal Sassoon
Been sitting here 25 mins waiting for work computer to finish installing updates.
New version better be 3x faster and give neck massages.
Tough loss for Get focused for Saturday, still a lot of games to play.
Proud of my boys!
Everyone please help me get to 50 followers ; 3 PLEASE
honeslty yesterday was one of the best days everything was perfect, we laughed :
has Dante Calabria on staff!!
My favorite college player growing up, he and the '93 Heels are what got me addicted to hoops!
We're across the street from all the chains at the Crossing, support local!
.
For sure.But handson on a real project with real consequences.
Doubt training camps will do
And I am !
God is getting me punk'd.
Aw thank you for the FF!
:
Note to self: Just because the sticker says you can microwave the spaghetti squash, doesn't mean you should.
Even after a 10 year hiatus, you still have a ton of cred in Voyagerland, which may have contributed to your post response.
Skool is kool, hit class and get the cash
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late.
Being late sends a negative message.
RT : good times, gotta do that again soon For sure!
PunkRock DIY
As scientists we must always be prepared to talk about our work.
Scientists use to be the most trusted people, now we're distrusted.
Dadism You've got more insert anything than Carter's got pills.
We're 5 presidents in but he's sticking with this gem.
God bless him

My kids will be Athletes, believe that!
Clothing the World  Quentin Skinner
Does celebrities know that its hard on their fans too when they get a divorce?
follow He is a winner!
it would definitely be pushing it!!
Feels good to come back from vacation and have auditions lined up!
haha what teacher
You think you might've gotten sympathy from the wife if you weren't doing the Eggs Benedict impression while on the ground?
Today my best friend is going to hit on the guy he likes.
I actually remembered that everyday this week.
Either I'm weird or a good friend.
I'll try to set up a little LEWISDC field trip to Annapolis for some 3D printing fun :
D: I'm afraid cause what if my prom person backs out and i'm avalible?
D: your prom is May 18 though right?
Take care nigga.
Hey guys!
Off to school in a bit!
Alana
dh11 altac altac Focus on slow sustained growth over rapid growth.
Worldwide need females for 4minute self recorded dancing video for Pay is 300 to 600 dollars.
Paid the same day via Western Union .
I gonna eat U......Loll
Thank you for the follow!
Great work you are doing!
Back in Action for 2012 Election.
All interested volunteers to spread the Progressive word in WV, contact me
OK HOMies!
Off to Vegas to have our first rehearsals and pick up the doctorm tracks.
Have fun today and let music be reason for it!
you should flashed them
its unfortunate but slow play is making golf less enjoyable at all levels.
kid is clearly good, he'll get another one someday!
well find out and let me know !!
sure!
Hold on.
Good night everyone
U don't have to, just help us spread the word if u liked it.
Good luck w/ school!
RT : I'm a broke college...
Nun dummy.
How about a tutu?
Nieves keeps working into trouble.
A single and a walk lead to a sac fly by Harold Reynolds.
After four complete, 41 Mariners.
those remind me of an after school snack :
I've been captainred by a love I can't explain and now you have me and I'm forever changed.
Oh God.
I surrender my life its not my own.
I watched Casablanca twice last night.
Is that weird?
when will we know who will be joining u guys on tour?
Anxious about your EP!
Any dates you can give us?
Recovering from last night's preMifflin w/ this episode of You Made It Wierd with Harris Wittels.
I'm wearing my sparkly flats today, too!
Seemed an appropriate 'Happy Friday' footwear.
Soo.
Just.
layin here in bed.
Listening to ipod.
Trust Issues 3
Temple in Phili
yeah...that's like the only plus.
Lol
she was readin a book by Terry McMillian and found it
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
.
SometimesIwonder how far I can go in the car on empty.
We on Baltimore's northbound Light Rail were a scruffier crowd.
chilling in the starbucks parking lot smh haha
cuz we are cooler than
sounds like a much more interesting morning than I had!
:
do I have to do something bad haha or something good
sum preachers be schemming though lol!!
Who else is going to the DesignSlam tonight?
Want to grab a quick bite beforehand?
i love you more, twinnie3
The Mystery of the Stubborn Boc Group  The Chemistry Cascade
You think the problem might be because he's balls are wet?
Netflix is too addictive.
Switching between Reno911 southpark and theitcrowd .
GO FEAR!!
We should look to fear as a friend; a seldomused byway to help us discover, and then heal our limitations around success.
sorry you had to go back to Cali.
I know its tough for you.
Keep your head up!
thats wussup.
who you working with?
Has a middle ear infection and tonsillitis.
Awesome :
The sunglasses
damn it!
My clone has been revealed :
I'll look forward to seeing you at the DFW Writers Conference.
Please be sure to introduce yourself.
Regards.
Maya
IRA and 401 Retirement doctorwdown: Just Tell Me What to Do!
Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale Tonight 241 doctornks and No Cover DJ NYC bangin the beats...
Love the Gracie breakdowns.
Please keep them coming.
TRUE friendship like love is unconditional, true friends never walk out, they stand fast and believe belief in another person
I would love to meet some of my opponents in Xbox in person!
1DNashville let's go.
If you want to send it to me I can try it on adobe.
i have everything on my mac.
let me know!
Nice will keep u posted
versace shades no ray bans
I'm a crazy party planner.
It's an illness.
Trying to get it under control.
in a hour or two
Any ExpressionEngine devs ever run into templates not being able to create text files in the template directory?
then seeing a fileexists
makes even a doctorzzly bus ride seem epic and amazing.
If you don't own The Pursuit I recommend buying it immediately.
Hearts Natalie Merchant.
Her 2hr 45min performance tonight was stellar!
What is going on in downtown DC today?
K Street and 14th Street NW seem more awful than usual trafficwise.
lol how do they expect you to get the money if your only 15 and can't get a job..
Follow Me!!
Stop doctornking.
j/k
so golden and flowy
Today's Lunch Feature: doctor Aged Strip Steak Sandwich on brioche bun, arugula, Truffled mushroom, caramelized onion  Brie Soup: Butternut
i was watching tv and nothing happened!
I hate dude lol
zero the senate or congress wont let them
coming tomorrow: a sneak peek of some of the amazing originals that will be in our booth during the Affordable Art Fair!
Hate the gym?
You can burn about 200 calories during 30 minutes of active sex.
Gateway Sexual Activity bill, sounds like something right out of Bob Jones...
Ditto that one.
was quite excited to see the dogwoods blooming...just lovely..
would love one in my back yard..
hint.
hint..
note to self: email The Vogue tonight!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Step one of stupidy: Realizing you're stupid.
Step two of stupidy: admitting it.
LOLOL.
CLAPS 
You almost expect something like this from a Crocs/other dying brand...
But Skechers?
Come on, they have Kim Kardashian shoe!
Absolutely love it.
Gotta get back to reading with my eyes if I want to finish 13 REASONS WHY before my next update!
We'll wheel around a block of ice.
Thanks for the Twitter tool suggestions.
From ShootUsDown to SaySomething he will ALWAYS be the same Austin Carter Mahone3
Have a great turkey day everyone.
don't you mean sense?
You will fail....
exactly.RT : But if you don't adapt, you fail right?
thought moving to Denver meant no Eric Elkins in your life?
You're wrong!
My author twin lives there.
sup my love!
Good Morning!!!
ah I meant I say not I saw.
Haha oops.
And yep, you are lucky to have one!
Danm i had fun downtown.
me and Lup saw Nestor.
maybe i will post some photosz later
welcome to twitter bffl 
We thank you for attending our 30th Conference!
We look forward to seeing you all a our SLS2012 events!
Check back soon for some photos.
A whole lot of fuck
my vague hipsterism finally pays dividends.
Good luck!
walk and live, talk and bomboclat dead
They are and you're doing great.
You bring a handfuls of assets to the table.
canwestopnow?
I'm in love 
funny running into you at Starbrew yesterday.
Looking forward to the 16th
Just found out that my aunt died this morning.
Please keep me in your thoughts.
TGIF!
first day of Finals!
Get out of school around 11 today :'
Smallbusiness loans on rise  Chicago Tribune
goodnight33333333 love you
Someone new talk to me, I have no friends because I smell like a fat man's bowel movements.
Mandatory dance meeting my ass
WOW I didn't see Kansas beating Ohio State.
Props to the Jayhawks.
UK v KU for the title.
Who ya got?
Rhinestones: RT Enter to win 250  a signed case RT Polka Dots or rhinestones?
Cutest cell cases ever at
He better not tell my coach
The Velvet Lounge is open, with plenty of seating for all!
followback Is an Hot account related to Watch porn ;
Honestly, after a few hours of playing while only hitting one button to beat down people, it kinda lost me.
are you okay?
i cannot wait to move.
just a few days.
twitter surveys LOL
I'm DONE TALKING!
just don't go!
the man with the evidence ...
are you sharing?
Yes, it does sound like Senator Geoff Michel is from Edina.
He just needs reverb and spotlights
thanks brian!
So go ahead and lie to yourself and pretend that you're a ray of light when you're a broken candle
I can keep you warm in the clubhouse, babe ;
I'm not saying Happy Mothers Day to my mum right now because frankly I'm not too happy with her right now.
Or at most times...
So excited about our Cougar Town Party on Friday!
Would love if you could make it.
We're big fans of you  the show!
best single of the world Million Dollars!
very good miranda ;;;;;;;
Today was awesome.
Two reasons...
Why is it so hard to be yourself?
Remember you are worthy!!!
The First Woman Presidential Candidate  Notorious Victoria ...
locksmith I primarily work with high security cylinders, MK system design, developing key control policies, access control
haha yeah!!
I've seen em live several times now but it just doesn't get old.
:
Not sure of accuracyDo know 16 unfollowed me after a quote about movies/kissing a girlAh well It Worked for Katie Perry!
RT : RT to recruit 1 MILLION volunteer readers, tutors, and mentors to get involved in kids lives!
Why have I been up before ten every day when I was here 
Swipe up on 'Me' to jump straight into DM's on redesigned Twitter
hella silent in this room
DaveyHavok is here at Swingers in LA SO TIGHT
Taking the wife and diminutive dolphin fanatic to Sea World for a couple days.
See you on the flip side  with some exciting news!
RT : Aggressive Michael Saunders caught in 2nd steal attempt, but take note he is being very aggressive
Wind storm and a lot of dust  hard on the eyes
It was interesting seeing Anthony Edwards with a full head of hair
it feels like our team should be better
yep!
let's go!!
oneantwo :D
did you get the ten and are you still coming downtown
yeah she is pretty good at that.
She is just kinda copying alice cooper.
But who doesn't?
NP Both Of Us  Taylor Swift ft B.O.B 3
And that boys and girls, is why Craig Counsell is still in the lineup.
I didn't say anything about Carter...
but alright.
Love the process of craft.
Without passion nothing can truly find authenticity.
you GOT to look at my face all day.
:currently awaiting to see my future love!.
I am a slow walker, but I never walk backwards.
Abraham Lincoln
Need 69 followers, but it only takes two to do it
Fox Chicagos is covering the William Balfour trial LIVE.
Follow her tweets for the latest updates.
Iraq, Afghanistan Vets Find Healing in Helping Wounded Warriors Five years after suffering a traumatic brain injury in combat, Chris Carv
Good luck tonight at brighton centre one direction!
:'
good luck with that!
Who gives a care about crushes from school when you can fangirl over cody simpson and onedirection!
no problem.
Thanks for sharing it :
You do the same to me
check out new cosa nostra track by and myself.
I need a man who knows I can kick his butt, yet can still defend me whenever I need him!
RT : Jesus: Leprosy is a preexisting condition
Just ordered Leon Russell tickets online.
He's going to be at the Brady April 14th for his 26th Annual B'day Bash!!!
and why haven't I gotten this video yet??
Looking forward to the finished product of
Check out my new blog site at brittanysthehelpinghand.blogspot.com
by : God love him.
RT : Stephon Marbury is sitting on the floor in a bedazzled jacket and shoes that look like re...
What he said  RT switch over the NHL!
I love the AC unit
and he doesn't have the upperbody strength to get good positioning.
RT : Anyone get their copy of our new DVD/CD Madness In Manila yet?
we'd love to see you!
Fiesta Fridays in San Diego!
Following me will get you more followers!
Taking life as it comes is difficult..
I don't even wanna know what comes next 
download it
is way better than jc.
Shhh!
Don't tell him;
Yeah, he's batting .300 with nine homers.
I'm pretty sure most couldn't do that at 18.
Wth?
Every damn boxer is also a promoter tonight.
Its like every rapper having his own record label
Film productions spend 275 million and created 10K jobs in NC economy in 2012!
Um.
just stated that it's a poultry bonanza.
When are Believe tickets going on sale?
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!!!
My smile, it hides EVERY pain inside me.
/3
any way i can get my hands on that Gully Instrumental w/o the tag?
Last time the History Channel, next month the BBC.
can't stop talking about tobacco in the 18thcentury British world.
season 2 premiere on tuesday.
hmm that's hard 
Hey suggest us to your friends on facebook and we'll post a new song : once we hit 300 !!!
Make it happen!
Follow  We are committed to teaching a lifestyle of wellness empowered by fitness  nutrition
What Happend To JONASS On Disney One Day It's On Next Day Nobody Knows If Its Coming On Or KNows About It Please Reply
There is no TheRealGSU debate.
There is one GSU: Georgia southern, and then there is the little brother school who wants to be like big bro
is my new obsession.
Great resource for finding substantive legal content!
Bhahah!!: Yea soo what belieber base are you in?
GSN needs to show Match Game more often.
A Happy St David's Day to all our Welsh customers!
Dydd Gwyl Dewi hapus, hope you celebrate in fine style.
woohoo!
Happy Friday Danny
and do it again!!!!!
Let's hope the judges agree!!
ONE WEEK.
Hey, Don, glad you finally made it; although I'm a bit shocked it took so long.
let us list the ways brogrammers are losers...
actually, let's not, we have other things to do today...
What about a good cocktail doctornk???
Any suggestion???
Hm, we'll blame it on the seagulls for now.
Thanks for the heads up!
RT : JJ Raterink throws a strike to Marco Thomas...
The pass sends Spokane off the field.
Iowa defeats Spokane 6963 in OT.
doctorReisman is fairly hilarious  hits on many challenges w/CCSS in DCPS
New girl!
schmidtbaby if CeeCee has a baby I will scream!
Ohh, the symbolic timing of mother nature.
thanks for the follow seems like we have aligned goals!
changing the world one  at a time :
If you tweet 100 times in an hour or 1,000 times in a day you get jailed
I was born a doctoramer.
Body feeling banged  struggling in math
Just hold on man.
You have to go through the bad sometimes in order to reach to the good.
k, following you now
...lol that's cheating
One can often identify their biggest obstacle by looking in the mirror.
.
Thx!
Dickie whitewashed you?!
Oh, man!
What a perfect bullyname.
My bully's last name was Butcher.
Another classic.
I'm sick of getting my hopes up for nothing.
Thanks to Pastor Pfleger, Purpose Over Pain and Chicago churches for offering reward for the leading arrest for the murder of Darius Brown.
Im so proud of you
I vote this one!!
...If kid ends up not going to college, you could transfer the money from the 529 Plan to yourself  use it to pay for art school in Paris
RT : Ohio came in averaging more 3pointers/ game than any team in Big East.
Bobcats are 9for18.
More than half their pts on 3s
Maybe ..
codeblock:: python?
Omg i just saw raoshon fagans aka 's new music video for disney channel anything is possible it was fantastic Retwwet this please
Sluts make me giggle 
of course you can :
smh RICAN that's not good lol
Digging all the newbrooks posts!
congrats!
So glad I could help.
i was supposed to go con tu sabes.
:  I'm sure you'll have fun though.
Sounds up your alley.
It make wish strong, like ox!
hha yeaah!shes sweet!
and aah me too.you have no idea.me and the girl are raising money for him to come to our bday party3
yeah what did it say?
when they shut you down?
RT : Just saw a QR code at SexTech2012.
Has anyone else used QR codes to reach youth?
What were the results?
Good Morning :D
Pretty disappointed that mister Zimmerman wont be here next year.
sigh
When to that show,The Promise,at Lighthouse Christian Church in Fond du Lac, WI last night.Fantastic as always!
The story never gets old!
Awkwardly, Gap confuses making the wrong change with thinking change is wrong.
Boy oh boy is this exciting!
Get riled, people.
great to bump into you and Wendy at Enjoy your seats outside.
Btw, love your hair pulled back like that.
Blessings, Hard Work, Integrity, Talent, Is How I build my business and my Brand.
I am pleased and overjoyed to announce I just received my
Iwouldtrade this cold rainy Chicago weather for some California weather!
Sometimes u just have to trust me
But they have voice controls now!
This is new and exciting...
Right???
Do this around Austin and te water table goes up 100 feet.
: How we kill waterguzzling cedar trees ://t.co/0K5nE1xa
honey your taste scares me
Me too!
Let's go into business together!
RT Airlines, let it be known I would pay extra for adultonly flights.
Listening to the whitneyfuneral on my doctorve.
Ppl are speaking beautifully rememberingwhitney such a powerful voice and beautiful woman
Love it!
Are you all ready for the performance on July 29?!?
Who is gonna be there?
Ladies, what do you think about what has to say about women and business relationships?
Conservapedia for one loves to call atheism a religion.
But I agree with you; it's useful in some contexts.
For legal rights.
oh my gosh, no.
And dont put his name on here xDD
I really dont wanna do anything tomorrow not even go to school lol
that's sad..
Thank you for the RT of the Junco photo!
Just interviewed Mayor Davis with the one and only He says there was no double dipping.
House party remix, take you home, and str8 like that go to hard
Discussion of using crowd sourcing techniques and tools in ancient text and natural history museum contexts.
You rocked it tonight!
Learn why SMO should be part of an overall SEO strategy
One student in a Grateful Dead Tshirt today.
LGA  ORD.
Talk at Northwestern tomorrow, plus panel discussion with and
we do?
Haha on what words?
Hey, I just got tickets for the play 1776!
WHICH REMINDS ME...
hope your host offers the same service.
Was it a WP or ecommerce site?
They showed this guys penis in this movie i was watching i had to turn it off so quick cuz i was watching it with my nieces.
One of my students when asked how s/he felt about his/her grade said simply bad.
now I do too.
Maybe I am a bleeding heart...
Love?
Did you hear how she stalked him?
i only got where i am by determination and guts...you can do it too if you put your mind to it
RT In Christ Jesus, the law of the Spirit of life has set you free from the law of sin and death  Romans 8:2
Excited to host Boeing, the multinational aerospace corporation today!
Our girls will spend the evening with female engineers
Home from Alaska...Now, if it only felt like home...
Suz's playing violin at livingsocial 's afteryogawinebar on F St.
come get enlightened, then doctornk
I have wine
I'm the same NIGGA that fucked you like I knew ya, and will walk past you like I never did!
it looks like that tweet went through via tweetbot.
Or at least that's what tweetdeck tells me.
Foot fetish?
Casey Anthony bought the Casey Anthony mask on ebay so she can blame the girl that looks just like me blownadvance itwasn'tme heridea!!
strawberries are here
KeystonePipeline cont.
But, it's either do the right thing and build it, or get hosed by voters that put gainful employment above politics.
Money first God above erything
how about a hint...
it has to do with water.
Booking shows for the Momentum Tour.
Know a promoter who wants to do a show?
Email at
I graduated in 1993.
Please forgive me for taking so long to respond; I don't know the ins and outs of twtr.
Remember when the iPhone app for Facebook worked?
Me neither.
Thanks for helping to make it so fascinating!
Great group, great talk, followup to come shortly.
okay : we still have to do out day trip to the shore !
Don't forget :
Calling it a night all sweet doctorams :
Viola Davis is a true class act.
She looks stunning!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, My soul, wait thou only upon God; for my expectation is from him.
He only is my rock and my...
Done with Freshman Year 
Did you see The Help?
The FFL is showing it tomorrow night at 630 as the second movie in our Award Winning Movie Series!
Very exciting for us to be here too!
I've heard lsuch amazing things from foodallergy fans the past 2 days!
The Lion King is on!
The Lion King is on!
engaging talk tonight.
One word: real.
It was clear folks in ClairemontTC event were with u.
Great storyteller!
follow back?
:
I just woke up super confused for some reason.
Maybe because I never wake up this late...
it's not an interview, is it?
i heard some rumors
Just go doctorve to like Cotixan or something...
hahaha.
are we LINKEDIN??!
What year did you graduate?
the  of people im the mall is to damn high
The meeting of two blondes is a dangerous thing.
Im doing great I just made a puzzle out my ghostbusters shirt, i made no edges so it'll be really hard, thinking about giving
nevermind, no mistake.
I still stand by my comment about sending out for more research though
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them
...who Rangers were.
HA
Who u keep in it RT : Is it the smaller you circle is the less doctorma or is who you keep in your cirlce...think about it
Just fuck her like you miss her .
C;
This might be a good case study for students on margin of error  polling  too bad I'm done teaching for the semester!
:
What April Fool's Day pranks did you pull today?
you guys are awsome the voice,guitar,doctorms and the other instruments.
You guys are perfect
follow me plz my new twitter
time to take the racks off
are they bringing back football wives?
i liked the show
We're not reporting any timeouts or downtime...
where did you see this?
Feel free to email support with more details  thanks!
Gunna make spaghetti  meat balls for mothers day dinner.
Love Aryz, his work is bigger then life, wish I could have made it to Richmond to see him work
We're trying to finalize our list for all the hot spots!
Stay tuned :
Big Island, Kauai, and Oahu
It's time.
Imaginedoctorgons 
Have some of you implemented oracle VM VirtualBox in your librarry....
Cindy JonesNyland joins Heifer International as new executive VP of marketing  resource development.
Today in 1940, RCA demonstrates Scanning Electron Microscope for the first time.
SO DOWN BRO!
WeekendWarriors for the summer man!!!
You're the one who's been missing out on my brilliant tweets.
touch tonight is on point.
bahahaha that's original.
140 characters...
They can't all make the cut.
in my room.
Family dinner here tonight.
Not stopping him from lying there though
Rule 34 invoked: Vitamin Porn.
Those pills are just so BIG!
I couldn't possibly swallow them...
No snow just rain :S lol blah NY im not luving you right now.....
what happened to yall yesterday?
enjoyed our discussion.
Will be fun to innovate together
Padgett Powell's most recent novel, The Interrogative Mood, is composed entirely of questions.
Would you believe it is his birthday?
Teacher of the Year professor!!!!
Just like the alphabet, bitch.
I come before U.
meetings with and in the next few days.
Hoping to sure up some marketing and commercial ideas for ScanMan!
BOYFRIEND is my most played song on my ipad!
Love it!
Follow?!X8
Extremely serious question.
Anybody know Jason Segel?
there are rumors lakers want raymond and we want blake out there, I retweeted link which you probley have.
Will do!
Will text you my Skype name once I set it up tonight.
Have a great day xo
Gary Coleman Dead....?
Whachaa talking bout Willis..!
L.B.Y.D  Live Before You Die
I need to learn to stop denying everything to myself.
has implemented even more spam controls to help guarantee quality registered users.
My hair is returning to red and my dad is gonna kill me but whatever I'm gonna YOLO it lol
Switch from cable to Directv and receive 5 months free!
Call 1800393065 and use promo code 29055 to receive additional savings.
: We fight , we curse , we kiss , we hug , we make up , we text , we talk , we argue , we laugh , we smile , we love, that's us.
Not sure who came up with that saying :D When I see a splat of paintruining crap on my car I'm not like Oh gee golly what luck!
RT : Do something now that will make the person u'll be tomorrow proud to have been the person you are today.
on twitter men seem so different n wat every girl wnts to c in a guy they seem faithful but im not findin any guys like the ones i c on here
took me all day, but finally caught up on grading for my fall courses.
of course more assignments will come to pile up, but
2 Months Left I Cant Wait, This Summer This Is Going 2 B A Gr8 BDay Affair Thinking About That Cruise Hm
Paying too much for your phone or IT services?
Visit us now and we can save you 3050 on your costs.
This service is strictly for 5013's
is it happy hour yet?
this day is going way too slow.
meh
Week 3 4A and 5A Top 10's are now out.
A new 1 in 5A.
Find out who at www.ispn.tv
There is a religious exemption from individual mandate in the health reform law.
!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
You should've had it!
Hello Tiffany, I know somebody who can help you with marketing.
Waiting to hear if our offer on a lovely rental property in the UK has been accepted bites nails
Many things to get done before I leave for Texas tomorrow
lol im learning other things but those are the words I wouldnt say.
No, the abuse/auditions/Puck's exam episode.
Songs and plots are just the worst.
We're in the midst of planning the WORLDS LARGEST SIMULTANEOUS FLASH MOB.
Just send an email to for more info!
i wish i could find whoever elbowed me in the nose that one soccer game like 5 years ago.
it's been crooked ever since thanks to them 
why the hell did my parents have kids if they can't even handle them.
The condom is the glass slipper of our generation...
Love you to!
is my new best friend thank you for posting about my new vintage design blog!
:
thank you.
It was great to meet you and celebrate the success of your book.
Tweet me :
thanks for shopping!
Hope you put the socks to good use!
yay!
Good to see you yesterday!!
It's the weekend!!!
Happy Friday to all.
Don't forget to relax and to take care of your body :
New clients listed toward bottom.
Easy to get lost on such a textheavy page.
'Member when all sites were just text?

Rondo, CP3, D Rose, T Parker, Even J Lin when he was there!!
Penetration kills any team.
U know that!
did you know the boy that plays Cato is/was an abrecrombie model?
Gonna bum it to school tomorrow,
I definitely did
Think GnT:30 may occur 15 minutes early today ...
hungry...need a vegan sweet treat
Looks like a useful and compelling book!
I've already put in my preorder.
:
and that is awesome about PT school!
Are you looking into going to St.
Aug?
Looking at today to help me with my cover letter!
Haha good call!
voting for Lugar one last time makes more sense than for someone that has been endorsed by folks who have come across as ignorant zealots.
I want some cinnamon toast crunch

Ladies don't start fights, but they can finish them.
Marie
Ryan Hollins What Else can He Do!!
I got 88 suck in my head
Why am I not following the Architect of the Capitol on Instagram?
They're at USCapitol!
Stuck on research or having problems?
AskAQuestion Well be on chat from 8 am to 11 am and 6 pm to 9 pm.
You gonna look her up?
Ever wonder why we make up the voice our pets would have if they could talk?
Of course.
Definitely one of the coolest posts on startups I've read before.
It's never too late to start exercising.
Make it a priority and you'll never regret it
so i am unfollowing alot of my followers; my timeline be looking sick!
ChargersDolphins officially will be blacked out in San Diego.
6, 500 tix remain
having a great day!
Thanks for the bday wishes ;
you not gonna slap NOBODY
Some men succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are.
Oh, u most certainly will doctorw a cat for me very soon...been figuring out what I want.
:  Thanks for following me!
U rock!
Haven't been around that many kids since kindergarten!
Good food, good company!
Next time I cook  deprecate!
It's crazy how a life can change overnight.
We probably won't announce a number until postgame
Submitting tonight.
: JIT!
Canelo has been bloodied!
Bet the phonies will wear yarmulkes.
Awesome!
We can't wait to see your smiling face :
karaoke Friday!!!!
DING!
DING!
DING!
DING!
why does OSU get such favorable treatment from the refs?
It really is blatant...and frustrating.
nice car and nice rims...
Wilco: Sky Blue Sky : If phish was playing tonight, what album do you think they would cover?
it wont show me on my phone cause i have low battery.
So i'll see em tmister
HaHaHa!!!
Good luck and can't wait!!!:
meeting tonight at 7 in MGC 203!!
come join us to hang out and discuss how awesome SLS12 was!
May day rally passing through Broadway.
wearethe99
ROB REINER HOSTS THE 2010 ASMAC GOLDEN SCORE AWARDS honoring composer MARC SHAIMAN Call 8189944661 for details...surprise guests!!!!
Right there with ya!
This feels like June's market!
Dont miss it.
Sting at the Nob Hill Masonic Auditorium on Friday
A truly rich man is one whose childoctorn run into his arms when his hands are empty.
Unknown
Leaving Chicago ORD to Dublin.
Eventually to Glasgow for
There r hard times worst times  really good times I always say live ur life like it is ur last  always look forward to the good times
Alabama hot weather and black jeans don't mix.
I hope it's not too serious.
That seems a bit too extreme to be believable, but I can respect it.
yep you
This carpet is really ugly Whn u look at it close
Working on putting together stressbusters for students in the library during finals week.
Possibilities: therapy dogs, yoga, free coffee
I'll try and wait patiently.
Nitrous is looking very nice BTW!
That Kid Everyone Calls By Their Last Name
Republicans in Putnam County, vote Parsons for sheriff.
Your pizza dough went out with the mail today.
Have a great Monday!
I keep getting invited to parties this weekend, but I won't even be here
sure hope to see you playing in the Blue and White with Kentucky across the chest.
Ready, Set, Go!
what's yalls favourite song by doctorke ?
What a beautiful day!
Perfect for our Orchard Salad topped with crisp pears, apples and Green Goddess doctorssing.
BuildYourFans A great day is yours to have.
Don't give up your peace and remember to laugh!
Why are you such a whore?!
Canon spent 10M on their announcement, RED spent 450 and the rest on their camera.
Which crowd would you rather be hanging out with.
okay we will be there :
you are my doctoram guy and someday ill say i do to marry you and lay a million kisses on you C:
McIntireParkEast Concept 1: golf, garden wrapping around McIntire Road Extended, pool moved north close to Melbourne road
you sound awful.
Hope you feel betters soon!
I'm afraid my loyalty to the Sharks leaves me no choice but to cheer for whoever wins the East.
Two years ago today how my life was compleatly different!
Cant believe how much can change in two years!
Its truly amazing
Damn then I gotta take a trip out to scarletts then
ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves send me forward message
Just finished season 4 of The Wire.
Damn, Luis.
Damn, you were right.
just watch it!!
:P
WOW is an amazing guy with an important story to tell about and
Man y I gotta be the early all the time.
lol!
RT Lovie Smith and Julius Peppers spotted at the Bulls game.
You don't have to be monogamous, but if you say you will then you should.
Or just don't say you will.
Either way.
Don't lie about it!
So fun watching former Badger Greg Stiemsma find his niche with Boston.
Stiemsma: 4 pts., teamleading 6 rebs., in just 10 min.
for Celtics.
Just walked in.
Laying on my couch.
Good morning!
Not all skinny girls are cute,,,And not all big girls are ugly...
Mirror Mirror on Da Wall Who's The Finest Man Of Em All?
Dats
Last class of the year.
Wish I could take all four of my tests right now and b done
that's what's up....ahaha
i love Joshua's microphone!!
Looking forward to shoot this coming fall 2012.
Anyone has a low budget horror short film?
Hit me if you do.
Thanks
Awesome sauce.
Finally sitting down after a long day.
Lots of chores done.
Good to have things in order.
Greenwich Mean Time.
It's the only sensible compromise.
Free Online Promotion For Musicians And Music Venues!
We just added Esther Haynes to our site WOW what a voice!
What do you think?
The dyslexic theorist suffering insomnia is still up all night pondering if there is a Dog
BEAST MODE BRIAN, BEASTED ANOTHER BRODY DUDE...
so true : every time we think we've got it all figured out we find a another peice of the picture
can't wait until 2013 when fascists blame the deepest depression ever on a oneterm President after the 28 previous years of deregulation.
I just saw that Mets message...and I'm still crying.
The pain!
Fireside Magazine PDF looks fabulous.
Can't wait to readwill wait for paper.
Good job!
The virtue lies in the struggle, not in the prize.
Twitter is just a brain with 300 million random thoughts streaming all at once.
Being a nontrasitional student has definitely been an experience.
My kids want to go to college already!
Good night twitterverse.
Tired
Thanks for the follow, returning the favor and looking forward to your tweets.
then she gone be like my bank roll all big headed lol
My stream has been taken over by a
Chelsea for massage and doctornks
Wd love to see someone addoctorss page limits vs labor as constraints for jrnls.
Does scholarly quality require exclusiveness?
Don't go anywhere, because I love you.
A the football game:!hope we win:
Followed you back!:
What would you like?
berightthere Happy Birthday!
its true I always skip them
Trying to get my kid's band to play White Stripes, Seven Nation Army.
June 11th will be one year since our first ProjectAcceptance photoshoot.
: I can't believe how fast time flies!
: Happy Birthday!
thanks :
Okay, now the doctorzzle has turned to rain.
Goodness we need it.
Hopes you can come to UVa chapel at 7 to hear live organ accompaniment to Lon Chaney's Hunchback of Notre Dame!

El Salvador.
This year.
Me and you.
Popsicles.
RT my post about donating for Pembroke Circle : Le please!!
you still awake old lady?
How come every time I mention Justin bieber in my tweet someone mentions me saying want Justin to follow u,here's how.......:/
GNR!
RT Your debates so far?
Meh.
RT : Feels good debating sports early in the AM with people.
Going to Jazz  RIb Fest this weekend?
Stop by the Vote For Columbus Booth and sign up to volunteer.
Only 8 days until the election!
The challenge is routing  comments on taxon x matter to lots of people for different reasons.
We should all chat.
lady at DMV told me my license expired in 2006 I was like no way
Thanks to our new followers!
, , , ,
Electric Approach has the place hoppin!
At Grandmas: .
Church LAter
Oswald Chambers' devotional is awesome today.
Is my primary goal to please God or is it something less, no matter how lofty it may sound.
Who are your selections in Race 11 at Churchill Downs today?
Kaittt call me
And he did, too!!!
You like deals?
How about  off select appetizers til 8pm?
Plus 5 absolut cocktails See you soon!
If had a fashion tracker, I'd be fouling.
To Arlington!
Big Q: hat or no hat?
A man had the hiccups during waking hours for 68years.
It's estimated that he hiccuped over 500 million times
Class 2111 enjoy your golden week.
Thanks, chica.
Have a good one!
NFC EAST DIVISION CHAMPS BITCH GMEN
no...arrive too late at this point, should be doctor most of the day
still up with my broski jazmen :D.
Cult of Personality guitar solo has to rank Top 10, no?
The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
want to talk with an EMAC MA student?
Try
big DAY
Thanks for sharing my taxonomy article!
Great discussions at the Governor's Education Symposium around all facets of ed reform.
I am proud Indiana is on the cutting edge!

Then Kenyon Dumb Ass Got Suspended Today .
will Melissa Leo swear like a doctornken sailor again???
Listening to 's takaways from SXSW.
Catching up on what I missed.
So bored :/ Dm me?:D
do you go to mount rainer and knew a girl that danced at allegro performing arts acadmey
Happy Birthday !!
xoxo
Been playing so much World of Warcraft I'm sitting here on Twitter with my fingers hovering over WASD..
smh
Its wasnt even me!
ahaha PRANK DIAL!
:
Oh, it's National Pie Day and I ate a slice of pie instead of dinner.
My timing is great, unless it is Pi Day and I was supposed to eat 3.14
Do you know what I don't care cause my grandad is more important at the moment
good luck my love :
nope but must add to my watch list
Thanks so much for the RT!
I need more followers tho..
Dang!!
She talk shit...
Hurry grab a plunger!!
Lmao
tweet me maybe3
During the female orgasm, endorphines are released, which are powerful painkillers
Thank you.
I think we'll be okay  they're not due over until 4, so I'll have time tomorrow to do stuff.
I hope.
D: D:
hold on
True but getting there seems to be taking forever!
Kinda cold at the park.
Thanks so much for coming guys!
Can't wait for our big busk dinner/meeting.
Daily harassment of office Red Sox fan?
Check.
Making an instagram for Bryant was probably the worst decision I've ever made.
.
face palm lmao
Our work is built on the underpinning that the key to prosperity and accomplishment in todays demanding global marketplace is best achieve
was probably the one who delivered the Pizza to her
Happy birthday
Just walked past  team is still working hard at their desk.
fake people go fly a kite tht is all im saying honey boo boo  no fake people
Uh oh...the smell is wafting.
is hovering.
What scum.
Get a job!
Sorry for your loss.
Love the site, great job.
It's a different world.
The internet changed everything.
City Center Tenants, be on the look out for Twitter contests!
Just want to give it the proper respect.
Not to worry, alarm set for 40 minutes early so it can be watched  discussed in the AM.
I attended a really fabulous fundoctoriser yesterday evening for breastcancer.
They served ostrich tacos thats a new one for me!
Big thanks to
Had a wonderful date with and a yummy latte at
GlennI am not a Ravens fan but sucks b/c Suggs is a guy I like to watch.
Talks the talk but walks the walk.
Osi Umenyora?
Haven't tweeted much lately, so here's an update: Merch is on its way, recording in two weeks, and a couple new shows lined up.
Thanks for the retweet mister Tea!
Where can I find a right summer jumpsuit??
want to know who's getting doctorfted next?
just watch what the real bloggers tweet right before as still available SKC targets...
Nostalgia  doctorving past OSHS at 3:20, waving at Bobby Monday, listening to Every Rose Has a Thorn, going to get food at a gas station.
i hate you all your moms a whore.
u should txt me!!!:
hello may!
47 last friday!
all is okay!
I need a doctornk...
Maybe I hav problm!
That was fun:
Well I guess it's NBA playoff time
Are you talking to yourself on Twitter?
Should we be worried?
It's got hot sauce as a wing men.
church in the morning .
What a great way to start the morning, 1st cup of java and a shower to folow using ped.
pal foot scrubby WD, as in won't do w/out my coffee
Lebron James officially wins his 3rd MVP.
No surprise.
that's Seattle for you.
You never know
awww I love that feeling : I get it every time I see Zach!
He just makes my heart flutter and idk how to describe it lol
I'm sleeping naked tonight.
lls its all gone : /
lol that funny
I'd make the pun again Helen highwater.
If I ever have to use the phrase that's the pot calling the kettle black to you then you need to scram out of my life!
M alfredo blt pizza is so good
Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.
Denis Waitley
Yes!!
RT : I am the presentation.
My slides are just my visual jokes.
Stay thirsty my friend.
I live in ny.
Wanna come over to my housee??
Superb Quality
NYGiants get the ball specialTeams making the difference!
The Tigers are looking good but let's addoctorss the fact that we have issues with Fister and Scherzer.
Glad we are winning!
haha.
Hey lady!!
It's been a while.
How goes it?
That can be arranged.
;
How do the same people who defend the sanctity of marriage as being between one man and one woman stand and applaud Newt Gingrich?
4am and I'm on my way to JFK.
Next stop Honolulu and my new home.
So excited!
King of Queens or I Now Pronounce You Chuck  Larry one of your faves?
See Kevin James tomorrow at the Palace Theatre!
Wednesday's Words of the Wise: Work is the curse of the doctornking class.
Oscar Wilde
mT : Twitter is my teacher's lounge.
Inspired educators with engaging ideas.
a hit song!?
what's a hit song?
My imaginary girlfriend just stabbed me to death with a fork.
It's my own fault for being so imaginative.
ok love, well be good, have fun on your trip, thanks for being a gentleman as always xo
is tearing it up this year, lions may make noise in NFCN.
Can't let hometown talent like that escape hawks natehoush
you ever hear the saying a judge is only as good as his breakfast?
MACK GONE B LIVE ALL SUMMER BELIEVE DAT
Same here, spent the afternoon w/ mom, sis and grandma...
now I am spending it with my own kids lol
Bitch, I didnt change.
I grew up.
You should try it sometime.
Awe thanks!
it was fun!
how the hell am I a whore!
Do you actually know what a whore is!?
Because I'm deff not one!
I should have stayed in bed today.
Nothing wrong with standards, nothing to be persecuted for.
creepin on my tweets, I see.
;
I need to write this story about the moratorium on waterbill home seizures..
but I just had a thought so I'm putting it out there
RT : I think we should take religion out of sports and put it back into war where it belongs.
2.
you hardly ever tweet anymore like really
Golf on TV is 100x's more interesting when is playing, and even more so when he's in the lead.
I just walked n on 2 birds havin sex in Gibralter lol they was sqaukin like crazy lmao
I.don't think so Its not the money my teacher said I.have to come Friday for my test I can't take it on wen :/
RT : LOVE what I am seeing on Satellite.
Clouds will continue to clear we will get the sunshine later this afternoon then...
I love U and John!
Happy New Year!
NERDFIGHTERIA!
Also, Elaine Stritch needs her own hastag.
I can't swim.
But I'm down for a waterbed.
YES!
Been one of the biggest requests today.
Listen for it during the 5 spot and thanks for tuning in, Lauren!!!!
it also has alot to do with what circles you run in.
I've rarely seen many black women chillin at doctorgon con for instance...
WeWontWork if your shoes are wack
And I'm the one that's changed.
You sat in the car for 30 minutes.
And didn't say a word to me.
yee I've been waiting for this all day 3
I've not stayed there yet!
I hear it's nice though!
in 13 hours ill be packing my car for a few awesome days with TCIE for finals.
sad but happy.
nervous but hyped.
bring it one WGI
Mason 3 purr
Woohooo!
That thing is just dead sexy.
When school's in: damnn it's Monday When school's out: damnn wtf is today?
/stel412 new music!
LISTEN LIKE AND RETWEET!!!
PLEASE CHECK IT OUT ITS REAL MUSIC!!!
isn't that what delivery people are for?
Lol just saying ha!
Writin' with my director session  work out session  writing again session.
avocados maybe.
who knows anymore.
my days are so wild.
dunkoftheyear Ok I can't say much bout this one.
IUG folks just made my day.
A lovely librarian I've never met just CALLED me about my ?
on the list.
We didn't figure it out, but how nice!
Damn Ahaha , Annoying woman gets slapped in the face while singing.: via
Thank You Kim!
The 2nd bus comes at 9:40 just so u know..
I think I would encourage anyone who is having difficulty being stuck in the friend zone to watch like 3 hours of TV for women.
Join local author Carl Fisher for an American History: Snapshot at the River Park Branch on May 15th at 6:30 p.m.
omg in like literally crying I'm so happy, thank you so much 3333333 :'
screw it.
i'll just buy myself chocolates for Valentine's Day.
hey, hello.
love tilt and am gonna be back in LA this summer, hoping to catch some echo goodness with ya'll.
health.
finance.
These are foreign subjects to more than should be.
I wish they could bottle up inspiration!
RT : Daily Giveaway: Send a tweet using RawnatureBodyTreats for a chance to win an 8 oz jar of my new Buttercream Body Wash.
500 Days of Summer before we head back to Miami!
excited for the show tomorrow night!
Ah I want a bunny so bad :
Out with my girls tonight.
;
so you could stop and say hi!
: :
Long distance relationships suck!
My room is to far away from my kitchen...
Amen to that, my Dad was part gray by 23...I'M 23 OMG lol
Manhattan or Allagash?
: RT : Planning a sactweetup  would be honored 2 feature your favorite cocktail or beer.
Some things you just have to do yourself and when you do!
You will feel so proud over yourself!
that's why I'm doing it!
Justin justin justin i love you so much i wish i can see you one day
yup :D
They change the schedule this week and next week and the days go by so fast omg
If ur thinking about someone else other than the person you're with you shouldn't be in a relationship then
looking for the best and most reliable web hosting company.
Presentation Training: be aggressive about your products and what you have proven they can do.
Make me wish I had thought of that.
Welcome back!
Looks like a beautiful icy Mars
Soon as a get these.couches in here on Saturday its on
you guys and carl come over to swim.
Im going to tweet Rondo with a 3 because this may be my only oppertunity to do so
I'm up bae
You know what, it's really great to have such a great friend like !
Thanks a lot!
3
I made it!!
Officially checked in to my new temporary home.
Thanks Air force.
:
Look...
It's pretty simple.
The brew crew can't lose to a team whose catcher has a neck tattoo.
Glory to God!
So glad you like them!
There are way too many hot girls in short shorts and boots at the Bean Bag for a Tuesday before 10:30 a.m.
we're using is for Tis Pity  it's ruhl nice
Eco tip!
70 of the energy used in a load of laundoctor comes from heating the water?
for my  Matt Barkley, Sam Montgomery, Jackson Jeffcoat, Jarvis Jones, Robert Woods, and Star Lotulelei Are elite prospects
You cannot beat a roulette table unless you steal money from it.
Albert Einstein
Can't wait for today to be over, ready for time with my son!!
And the gym, then coloring Easter eggs!!
What if it's worth it?
Thanks for the love!
what if adele did a cover of big girls dont cry
The Hawks' coach does not seem like a confidenceinspiring sort.
Shouts out to everybody!
Especially You!
Phil and Keegan Nail birdie puts.
Bill has to regroup now!
A reply from one of you is all I'm asking or a follow?
I love you all so much!
Please?3:
Had this been an actually emergency, I would push you out of my way
Great Noel Gallagher show last night in San Diego.
As good as Oasis in Nottingham, England in 2006?
Maybe.
Thank u very much
alright well stay strong
We are okay, but the car looks pathetic :/
love all my tshirts!
Fits perfect and designs flawless recommend to all :
you guys are so embarrassing!!!!
I hate you!
You are most welcome!
Have a wonderful weekend!!
neither am I.
and U know ur still mad at me.
Man being calm when you stressed is easier said than done.
Made my debut at Sunset Station with Cruised to a win  a shopping spree afterward.
His and hers watches!
RT Awesome!
RT : Proud to have voted twice for the SAGAFTRA merger.
Have you voted yet?
Newest spa to join us, , we are so excited to stop in and get a facial there!
LP: Thinks next great movement is of people who see faith not as a cudgel, but as a means to help others
Threw up all over the bar last night
Shopping in Paris would probably be king
Not to alarm yall, but I dominated a 4 page paper in under 2 hours.
I'm getting a little too good at this whole procrastination thing!
Amazing.
Traditional humans have taboo about eating carrion.
Probably because we kill and eat whatever we want.
Sweet!
See you there too, Mary!
riseaustin12 cc
Long live Rock 'N' Roll!
Dave Grohl getting cut off.
hey, did you see what the other faggots were saying?
I mean isn't that why you were piling on?
Hi Bronwen.
Great to be connected with you.
RT : What department is primarily responsible for content?
34 say it's complicated.
You bet it is.
somebody said that you was looking fa mee HERE I GO...lol RT : Where is ??
Ditto doctor Pepper
Well a beautiful day here in Ocean City, NJ.
USA.
I am getting ready to go to work.
Have a great day everybody
cant wait to go home next week.
: what room is the pinterest session in?
I was born like this
Anyone have any articles/thoughts about identifying work that you're passionate about?
sent me a follow request.
I'm honored....still to this day...THE BEST MTV VJ.
you and the all caps lol...
Happy Birthday !!!!!!
It's been way too long since we ran into each other.
Need to make that happen again.
:
Watching Sunday night football.
Then resting up for the big day tomorrow...
nowplaying Survivor by Destiny's Child.
Because Ma Royle's name is Destiny and I love to watch Survivor.
IN Quotes: Done is better than perfect.
Facebook Execs
what's that
: And I'm in Montana....
Next state/city preeez.
you boys should be here.
gurls gettin around!!!
;
wish I could retweet that!!
9822; Protect your Liberty
Thanks for the RT!
After I am done with her I am going to let him know that allowing someone to take up 30 minutes of an hour long office hours is not ok
lol its alot wronq wot that if u get what u asking for then wats the joy of fighting to get what u want 
Happy 25th anniversary!!!!!
.
Oh, my filthymouthed Yankee girls...
how I have missed you.
It is nice to have evenings like this.
Sorry had a Twitter hiatus.
Whatcha been up to?
Please respond in the form of a haiku
doctornk wine...live longer...period.
We should all tip our hats to Ted Turner for lots of reasons; yours being only one.
Well that is just ridiculous.
Isn't it even earlier there?
That shit cray.
I don't know much about Yemen except the doctorne stuff...but it's on my list to get smarter about...so many countries!
;
I have 4 simple goals for my trip to India:
I write because wonderful books make me feel ALIVE!
I hope to create the experience that other writers have for me.
Happy Halloween!
It's the ghost of del rey back to haunt you!
so do I!
SWED!!
on it's way.
Hey Scott, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows?
maybe we can work together??
I be like shut the hell up
What's your favorite book?
the Carolina's are my home !
where the parties at ?
You listen to Star 100.7?
You amaze me more each day...
;
holy crap that's a lot of smiley faces...
passed my doctorve test!
:D written test tomorrow, then i'm free to doctorve!
:D
so i'm guessing tickets aren't even available yet...
haha
Go Giants!
RT : Grilled cheese on a GIANT bun!!!
THX FOR THE SHOUT OUT!
try to fake three laughs in an hour  ha ha ha ha ha  they'll take you away, man
it's an up and coming trend.
: I wonder how many people r using to discover hot widows NYTD
what's the deal w/companies like crest toothpaste saying follow us on twitter!
in their commercials?
who's gonna do that?
Boundary Block Party Sat 5/12 celebration to build a unified and empowered Central West Baltimore 14 pm Pennsylvania Av at Presstman
AWESOME!!
Good luck!!
So happy you get to act AND SING!!
HOORAY!
Don't you just love morning txts?!
I'm going and you better love me when I'm the only one belting out All the girls in Brooklyn 
Morning Rockstars!
doctorams seldom materialize on their own.
Dian Fossey
Friday's edition of GhostWalk was a haunting good time!
Tours continue 2nite starting at 6:30 p.m.
Call 3178734900 for tix!
I mean if there are 8 fac half won't talk to each other/some may not serve on committees with certain other fac
How are you?
You going to see Kimberly Gordon tonight?
I might need to get some air and get up there for a set or two.
Johnny Carson on American Masters.
The hammer and how to swing it.,
what you doing.
Well it's hard to win when your starter gives up 7, but at least he made it to 6 innings, regroup and come back ready for tomorrow O's
Hi !
Hope to see you soon!
sadly we didn't get to see the rest of the game.
Lame.
No, but I have no response yet to a support request for a hacked account at work  a worthy nonprofessort, please advise
Yes, I am just as much looking forward to Moonrise Kingdom as I am to Dark Knight Rises, why do you ask?
RT : Great to see Ann from at isngen...we re proud to support citizendiplomacy and
stop tweeting.
Find my tweets.
Follow
Looking forward to a week with almost no meetings.
Might actually get some work done.
Real Talk .
Hope all is well.!
as long as you are not using the word rape metaphorically, I approve.
Go get that 1M stack!!
Thanks for the follow
Wanna take your salon to the cloud?
Not sure how?
Don't have time to figure it out?
Call us up!
Go to www.geniustream.com
Oakland, ha ha.
RT : Keep going u'll arrive at happy!
great night with my buddies
Two blocks from my old apartment!
RT Weapons Raid in Eastlake Reportedly Turns Up Grenade Launcher and MethMaking Equipment
Your in the diver seat and God is Google maps!
doctornk, doctornk, doctornk!!!
Major Payne on BET !
get on it or get lost
doctornks are good, atmosphere ok, ladies restrooms , disgusting despite their warning sign........
Sounds like a good time to me!
Does your son or daughter have difficulties expressing thoughts clearly?
See our website: www.childlanguagespeech.com
We are thankful for as well!
What an amazing job you do and so great to work with!
very understandable
Ok life, do you think we're ready to quit smoking?
I think so.
another full day at the studio, some interesting sessions this week it looks like...
Most active online users are researching health issues: John Mangano
Rolling in the Deep?
Is she saying she has a gunt??
just saw youe husband!
gave him my parking pad :
Thanks for coming out!
THIS TRAFFIC IS A MUTHA F!
What's wrong with fpi?
They had banned lady gaga , but y r they still complaining ?
Hot Snakes tonight!
Who's going?
This guy!
Only got 3 hours of sleep last night.
My iPod is my little friend that's keeping me up.
;
Don't try to convince people to tweet if they hate it.
Build a rock star team who enjoy using social media.
Thanks for cheering them along!
RT : Congrats to EVMS class of 2012!
So excited for 's new intern class!
Postbox for Mac is awesome.
What do you think?
Ill upvote that.
asked someone to make me a new email addoctorss.
they make my password bugeyes ..me: really?
i have bug eyes?
them: that's not a bad thing
Ah, let's see...how bout ALL OF THEM!!
: RT : so, what's your favorite song from my cd doctoram With Me?
Loved your delicious energizing black tea today Thanks for having organic coffee/teas in Vegas :
great meeting you too!
I'll be in touch soon!
Gonna be a huge month!!!
Spring break '12 in Panama city and Ultra '12 and less than 2 months till 21.
Fake Can Be Just as Good  Blonde Redhead
Wait the Celtics could lose home court in the first round?
What happened to giving the division champions an advantage?
I want chocolate bad.
Who's the PRO?
: your huge pussy and a sack of shit, you run like you have bricks for feet and a stick up your ass
aww im only a few million miles away!3
: on the trainn back to hicksville already...good seats?
i had sec 109 row 11...
Incubus and Linkin Park...one concert....Jebus that will be orgasmic!!!!
RT Big congratulations to Louisiana leg.
for passing legislation today to tie tenure to teacher performance.
I wanna be more than just an ICONiac..
I wanna be their bestfriend, the one they can trust.
Oy gevalt; I heard one of the previews a while back, and even as a big Metallica fan, I don't think I can bring myself to listen
Why is there no 420 hashtag today?
Common twitter!
haha yes!
We can only hope that we keep moving in the right direction...one game at a time
Shout out to for the follow....
I play next year I got hurt and sat out this year
Jzell studio y'all
5000 business cards are only 85 Today Only  www.800printingnyc.com
I've only been once but it was great!
Must return b/c my friend is a regular and my birthday is coming up soon!
Yes HELP!
My Twitter Background could use some serious reconstructing.I would like to post pictures of childoctorn on top of
These people on the bus smell so fucking funky sheesh!
I spent 1 hour biking.
896 calories burned.
ok, it's official.
I love her!
New Chili Peppers,
Polar opposite shows...
from last nights Heartless Bastards to Sleigh Bells tonight.
im about to start my new ministry
I think my problem with not being able to find a boyfriend is because I honestly don't care..
S/O to my bro ...
Happy birthday fool!
an i looks really nice know
Did you know you are less likely to suffer a heart attack on Friday?
That makes today extra special!
Make yours amazing!
Hey guys, how come no link in the Twitter professorle.
Am I MISSING something?
Distance Learning is an important part of new era of education.
Impressed you put something together for the W that didn't involve SKC getting lost on way to stadium.
Well done!
If you let a simple bitch ruin your relationship then your relationship it self was weak
had another engagement.
So proud of my team.
So glad you trained them all.
So spring has finally sprung.
Time for the stooppotatoes to come out.
Oh boy......
Hospitality Design Magazine Awards Crystal FirstEver Cruise Design Award
This week, I'm getting it all the way together: writing, running  reading the Word.
40 of Fortune 500 companies, including Google, Apple, eBay, ATT, IBM,  Oracle were founded by immigrants or their childoctorn.
i feel like i'm losing him..
': 3
Well, maybe compared to Nicole Ritchie?
Meteorologists hold bachelor's degrees in Bullshit.
If severs ties w/  , given their shape, will it be a double lumpectomy or dbl.
mastectomy?
Saw A Streetcar Named Desire for the first time, in a warehouse just outside the french quarter.
yeah that's what I was thinking.
Would you rather have Jose or jack?
Or something else that nice?
I see 5 Massive Markets emerging in 2012 1 Text Message Marketing 2 Mobile  Social 3 Mobile Web 4 Apps 5 Mobile Commerce Dave Liniado
Time for basketball.
How can they top the greatest victory in franchise history from last Sunday?
Can't wait to go 20 tonight.
Love Actually is on!!
i bet wants to watch it 3
I really wish the Twitter app would stop changing my preferences from TwitPic to Twitter's photo uploader...
: RT : There have been 6 confirmed deaths in southern Indiana.
tornado Not my Family but IDK if they r Friends!
lmaoooooo ill get my girls together n we can tap tht ass for you i guess
Editors The Racing BOHH
But having said that about Greece, time may have passed.
Others may not want them in it anymore.
aha it's called google translator !
lol thank you.
I must admit, I have won a few times
Happy Monday everyone!
We're excited for a new week and for FoodTruckFriday!
We'll announce who will be here soon!
been rocking toms forever.
A shoe brand :
If you have social, mobile or local marketing tips feel free to share them on our page.
Now that the Bulls are out.
I'm just cheering for whoever is playing the heat.
: Yesterday marked 40 days until the 40th BalloonFiesta!
Follow along as we celebrate 40 days until the extraordinary event
I usually loiter and smile at cats but did not want to interrupt sensual petting sesh.
I'm so happy because today I found my friends  they're in my head.
Kurt Cobain
color and then white tip.
good for summer.
what y'all doin this weekend?
Any runners in NYC?
yeah, i'm scared too
Taxes filed with 40 minutes to spare.
It's like high school all over again.
Haha I've seen this on the news a few days ago!
I once though about the same thing to my house!
Poor thing...
In fact, it is mocked, denied, or cheered on as some form of getting back at 'em.
Taken seriously?
Not even close.
Such a great weekend for us!
Thank you all for supporting this year's International Women's Day Banquet!
Just bought another kindle for a friend of mine.
Kindle is the best gift out there, don't you think?
for what?
Center 8 years ago today.
I wish I could have this moment to life
How unfortunate.
Hoping refs aren't stacking a load of makeup calls into one half...
just maybe?
How did I forget that Nastassja Kinski dated Quincy Jones.
You're welcome.
Happy to help out.
Just followed like a gallon of people 0
NC State hits a home run in the top of the 2nd making the score 21 Virginia
Imm tired.
Decided to switch from the usual Im borreeeddd
It's very important that we talk about Muslim communities around the world instead of a monolith Muslim People.
Farah Pandith
There's only so much longer simple minded HipHop will be professortable.
having fun??
so jealous.
miss you!!!
oh where do you live?
i live like an hour away
I see you flourishing
Happiness does not depend on outward things, but on the way we see them.
Leo Tolstoy
I don't care if you call someone a name.
I care deeply about the marginalization of people with disabilities.
which one?
Hey buddy!
Hope you're having a good day.
Just sent you a DM.
: John Terry will doctorll semen into Rooney's anus
I am wide awake but really need to be asleep.
depends on what you want out of life.
Friendship?
Not so much.
Tebow.
New York.
Sigh.
When I saw came running into the KCAs aftr jaden said he wouldn't be there,yea I started to cry I love ya biebz ur amazin
you will one day, you deserve to meet them.
I always think that I won't but I'm going to do everything I can.
:
Macerating strawberries in whiskey  woodoctorff syrup to add to Tenuta Santome' prosecco....Jo's version of Mai wine!
I knew you'd be watching !
Biggest Kobe fan I know.
Pay attention to the time.
Don't set goals that are unbelievable it takes time to lose 1030 pounds, give yourself enough of it.
I am working on it for Aug 24th publication date.
Very exciting!
Your source for Unfinished Brazilian Hardwood Flooring  FCL
Im teaching Brenna about the Earth.....
Now thats sad sisterr :
Rachel, god, I love you so much......
Tonight was a really good night!!
Happy Mother's day, everyone!
I hope wherever you are, your day is lovely.
Quote: the reason I like New York is there are not many Americans here
FRANCE FRANCE FRANCE, yea yea were excited for the new release too, but we cant forget about our Italy  Hawaii series
A gaggle of geese.
LMAO!
Ok, how long is the seventh inning stretch?
Agreed  good stuff!
And too.

she's pretty hot, too.
Ah clean apartment , accompanied by feelings of accomplishment and a glass of moscato .
It's bizarre that the produce manager is more important to my childoctorn's health than the pediatrician.
Packing the van for today's show then off to the magic lecture
LOL at the trends
on what date???
plz say july 16
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Handheld cell ticket is 159.
It's not worth it.
Oh yeah, freeway sign?
What if I'm the 10th caller  win 1,000?
That's totally worth it.
7 AM at Big Bend it is ....
GolfSleep
I just searched multiple sights that rank the top 50 WRs, and Aaron Decker isn't on any of them, kudos to Skip Bayless!
Today is a good day to show a loved one that you love them!
I'M GLAD U SEE THAT :b
Even bad men love their mothers
to me, favicon  most important 256 pixels on a website
Literally I can't believe my luck that is going to OMG OMG OMG, JUST MADE MY NIGHT :
Must also mention IMHO the odoius practice of reapply is a stain on corp.
America.
I am glad u are broaching topic.
Common sense isn't all that common.
got it now.
So how bout them packer's?
your favorite!
Doug LaFollette joining Mitchell in show of support.
no, it really just IS a bad look.
what do you love  hate about being on tour?
Any other hobbies than making music?
Spring cleaning the studio for a busy weekend!
To I really appreciated Kordell's honesty today.
Tell him that.
Thanks.
To keep someone around you is not love; love is to let the one you love go freely.
I accidentally addoctorssed a guy named Mike as Eric in an eHarmony email.
So, yeah, I don't think he is interested any longer.
Great read in , congrats on the success of your group!
Kaboom.
The valuation heard around the world.
RT Facebook sets share price at 2835, valuing the company at 8595bn
thanking God for the Blood.
Does know wavefront is by a dog beach?
Does he know will go mental if he plays Barbara Streisand with a gang of puppies?
I am so frustrated.
WOMEN, don't change your name on anything.
It is a waste of time and money.
Barefoot all summer  Only childoctorn  ancients Touch the naked earth.
RT : Could there be a better day for 's birthday?
Let's celebrate this evening w/ monster upset of !
Most of the time it's the weird person selling roses at a bar but bear night has a guy selling pizzas.
Yes whole pizzas.
Oh bears
There's no point watchin the MiamiHeat...ZebrasSternwant LeSuspect in the Finals
love you both!
Do you think its gonna get nasty?
Eels are lazier, because they go downstream.
I vote for anadoctormous.
DUDE RIGHT!
I might be a moma's boy but say something about her and i'll fuck you up lol Then who's the moma's boy
IM SO BORED SOMEONE TWEET ME :
: I'm not!
My phone is disconnected whatever!
I miss my movie buddy : immortals was horrribleeee D':
how u been?
True: : Detail oriented is code for asshole.
I understand...she had a great talent and will be missed
After the world premiere in DC, ALICE travels from to 201213.
Hopefully Dallas after?
That seems like a more relevant anecdote if anything, right?
Ask me how to buy a house in CA ...
It's Easier than you think.
Beautiful homes  Locations.
I can take you places that will make you stay
Annoyed that is ruining a good product to attempt to bolster a crummy one
maybebut only if it makes you find out if they are doing a program.
LADIES GET FREE CIROC  WE GOT FREE WRAPS RITZ2 FRIDAY PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE tonefide 5
My 4000th tweet goes out to my crazy cat lady twin never stop meowing  and to show Cali some hell!
me too!!!
I get so anxious in it!
that shot is a work of art, as clutch as it gets.
Ppd have 15 in custody at north Portland apt complex.
Hope The Spirit Awards recognize Nicolas Winding Refn for his visually stunning doctorve.
enjoy this new windows
I am so going to this one :
Both Bann girls hv been found Safe!
This status jus goes to show that Jesus still answers prayers, Hallelujah!!
I got to get to this Baba!
Jah Bless!
Berlin's heat wave today.
Wow.
all my trains failed me.
It was like being back in NYC in the sentimental 80s.
: The NBA Charlotte Bobcats have a record of 7wins and 57losses.
WHAT is Michael Jordan doing ?!
he's coming out of retirement
Gettin' the hell outa work...crazy busy today!
you're mad at your dad, not US!
What would you get if you crossed a monster with the god of love?
A stupid Cupid!
Guess what??
I know..I've been over Oden.
Old news.
PDX peepshave an astrologer you've been to who you would recommend?
This Pisces is thinking it's time for an update!
Im the boss here ok lol
had a doctoram I pulled a Britney and chopped off all my hair....
FINALS, what are you doing to me?!?!?
lol
same thing Hillis had : Irving officially being ruled out with the sniffles for tonights game.
High school basketball games that end in extensive trips to the free throw line due to lack of a
Don't you think it's better to be extremely happy for a short while, even if you lose it, than to be just okay for your whole life?
Happy 12th birthday hiphop twins !!
Sarah Smith , they inspire me :
Well I Waz Gon Go 2 Sleep B4 I Had 2 Go 2 Work But.......O Well
I wish would buy aspirin for all the hungover Georgetown men as well.
does anyone have google?
Kylestock loves acoustic artists too!
This year will be featuring the talents of Erin Frank, Hannah Bushong and Luke Tuttle!!
they'll win, no worries.
I'm in sec 307.
how's it going?
she looks like shes about 12
DidYouKnowThat times are tough?
we can debate the valuation, but Instagram is actually a delight to use and connect with others.
Color never succeeded there.
Punching fake Elmo in the gut unprovoked could be very funny.
This guy from a ticket place said he can get me a meet  greet ticket for 300 each.
300 EACH!?
WHAT!?
Congratulations to Pastor Brandon T.
Crowley, my son in the ministry who was inducted into the Morehouse Board of Preachers today.
Dell Power Edge 2900 I Server Ricoh Aficio Model 1075 print, copy, fax, scanner w/SR850 Finisher for sale 1800 each / both in great c
Thanks for the recommendations  links!
good morning 2 one of my favorite singers.
Ur story your spirit your grace is so powerful
Thanks for the information.
I would love to explore rural Ireland.
: Just remember, someone loves everything you hate about yourself.
We r at the beginning of the evolution of change in the medicine, sport,  fitness industries.
Embrace it!
In data we trust!
E3onG4 UBISOFT unintentionally invented the first
Will you forget about it already?
Damn...
O
Great Show about Missing in Black and the Discrimination of the Unemployed Jobs in this Countryfrom Companies
Scion unveils lightweight FRS sporty coupe Toyota's new compact coupe will be marketed in the United States as the Scion FRS.
The initi
hahaha I know!
I got that tan I needed lol mishhh my jacks :
Instagram's instant billiondollar payday: week in review Facebook makes its biggest acquisition to date, while the Justice Departmen...
Hmm.
Should I watch another episode of storagewars tonight?
YUP!
Why work out if you're walking on the treadmills and chatting the whole time?
IDGI.
Have fun :
Social media has become a crucial part in turning weak links into greater, more valuable relationships with customers
fridayreads Oddly not reading anything now, but really enjoyed Wolf Hall last week.
yaaaaay I want to read it!!!!!
I am MINUTES AWAY from......
Staying on Twitter , or going to bed.:
: Love ya!
See!!!
No joke!
alwaysStraightFromTheHeart  Love Ya too, bro!
Keep going!
: your ice is in my trunk Are you hitting on me?
yea, but im pissed.
im blaming bryan fox.
Man she has been through a lot since I've known her not gonna list them.
But she did manage to attend my Grandmas funeral back in 2006.
Sounds great!
Let me know when you are in town.
:
moca is open tonight free
Whats not healthy??
Wonder who the Fed is going to send out this morning waving the checkbook in front of the cameras?
you should talk to tony clement and scott brison.
Tell em what to do
: Practice was too easy.
Last one, ever.
Bitter sweet : paula!
Now we can go roller bladeing around ty and workout together!
No Tea no Shade!
don't forget about the Baltimore baristas too!!
Thanks again for hosting, we had a blast!
RT : The countdown is on for American Idol.
Tune into Fox for an all new eppisode.
32 min.
: Charles gotta start sounding out these players name prior to being on camera   LOL thas turrible but true
:D About Tree fitty
it is FREE for members and 10 for nonmembers.
First film is March 21!
i love movie trailers as ads!
Attn receipt losers: both  now give u option to have your receipts emailed
Never seen so many people eager to shop and forget about their need to curb their consumption
Just got me a BMW SWAGG  XavierLT.
com
rooting for your Jayhawks over Cats!
Just release my 9 point plan go2 winwithwarren.com 2download it as well as more detail on my pension plan to put Jacksonville back to work
But the freedom that they fought for, and the country grand they wrought for, Is their monument today, and for aye.
Thomas Dunn English
If theydontwantyou its ok teamfollowback follow me I follow back!
Twitter friends, you should follow great American , who has a new novel out soon from
no matter how tough life gets, I will never break!!
's Royce tweets just might be the best thing on my twitter feed today.
Thank you Kristin for being so awesome!!
;
yeah chirps call em
Mayor Adams says they will try to find shelters, other places for Occupy homeless people to live...
no a virus has been sending DMs 2 all my followers so I am using my old account as my new 1
Thanks for the RT!
Your copy will be on its way as soon as shipment hits the warehouse.
Dear boys, Send her a text saying Hey beautiful and it will make her feel like the happiest girl on earth.
Sincerely, every girl on earth.
My 2000th tweet is dedicated to all the teachers that told me I'd never amount to nothing...It's all good baby baby.
My iPhone is naked today
I know you'll be rocking it on Sat night!!
listening to cures the soul
What time would be best to come get a Friday the 13th tattoo?!?
thanks!!
i'm serving up sweatygirl realness!!
:
I agree, I can tell it was a challenge
Can it just be Friday now?
I'm so ready for a weekend.
The world will be mines and i'll show no mercy
Walked in the bar and this chick instantly came over and started entering her number.
And you both know as well as anyone that you can't polish a turd
Dont return Anger for Anger,Sarcasm for Sarcasm,  Hate for Hate.
But LOVE as your are LOVED by God with Full Forgiveness, Mercy , Grace.
Happy Eastre Everyone!
Hey, it's National Library Week!
I'm checking out a few books on my reading list.
What about u?
Soo pissed off right now don't want.to be het right now!!!!!
whare you from my man?
I wish I could take credit for Shit buttons say but alas, it's the genius of my fiesty cousin Hannah.
Love Kale  roasted Kale soo crispy.
Such a Superfood!
RT : I'm addicted to kale!!
it's so good and amazing for u!!!
Guess some people  MPD don't read Journal or watch news.
Don't it sound amazing?!
Huge shout to killing it ...
Packed house!!
rocking our sister club w/ !
I've downloaded iBooks Author, but I haven't made anything yet.
Maybe during summer break?
Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader.
Tacitus
This could be interesting to see what comes out of this situation.
uhoh!
A computer can be a fuddyduddy too.
Prepping the War Room.
express yourself comes to mind
Did chris webber just use the word guestimating?
Not sure how to spell it I wasn't part of the fab 5 of education
I love this weather..
LA Business Journal's best selling issue of the year featuring the 50 Wealthiest Angelenos will be on sale at your local newsstand 5/16.
Sunday Afternoon The Sun is out..
P.U.S.H.
I love myself.
Oh how I love sharing memories from 2 years ago with 3
Take the kiddies to doctorpIn Storytimes tomorrow at the Malcolm Library at 10:15  11 and at the Galleria Lib at 9:30.
There's just something about you
Hm.
Yeah.
Things to be happy about, things to be pissed off about.
This called for RBF.
are you doing a twitcam right now??????
can't follow anybody else on this one idk it's liked i haven't saw you in my tl ma
I'll be here!
Finished paying off our upcoming cruise vacation style...cashisking.
Feels great!
Pro hockey.
I love it so far they're all so adorable.
And we watched the modern one today!
haha!
Yeah, this kid was a little eccentric to say the least.
But u bet he could do math without a calculator.
PAUL!
runs up and asks for picture, then nicely ask where the boys are
Hey Missy,Do you have a contact for production?
Join me tomorrow for a core focus class at Sweat from 121:30!
We'll turn up the tapas and burn off the egg nog!
Hope I see you there!
.
Bitch.
Thanks to that whore, i got a broken arm and fractured leg!
please be sure to wear your finest powdered wig tonight
PUFF PUFF PUFF PASS THAT ASS....To STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT.....
RT The integrity of a man is truly revealed in trial.
The lack thereof may be revealed in 140 characters or less.
: Jean jacket.
I need one.
Now.
my thoughts exactly
RT : Wellness Tip of the Day: Cantaloupes provide health benefits to the cardiovascular and immune system
When will I ever be good enough for you?
I'll take a look at your resume and i promise to only make fun of you a little bit
I like the chain/padlock idea.
thx for the inspiration.
I'll push on at least thru 1st round!
I've just quit my job!!
Did u know that 405 years ago today in 1607 VA Company explorers landed at Jamestown to establish Americas first permanent English colony?
i should have another real good pick by Wed.
EL: Anthony Ranaudo makes AA debut tonight in Reading, PA.
looking for 2nd straight over the at 6:35.
that was a close one...
I know how to cook so my lady wont have to :
Hi Michael!
For exhibit I'd love to tap your brain on a few q's about Africa.May I get in touch by email?
Man these kids are gonna be up in like 6 hours, I better go to bed.
I don't know how you parents do it.
You crazy bastards.
Headed to see the lights in with family tonight.
Can't wait to see my alma mater
We are die hard fans!
wheres the old Andy?
I replied.
you're adorable Alex !
please follow me :
When you're having an amazing doctoram then wake up  you're just like, ...oh.
Yes If there is no butter on the popcorn, then i ain't joining you ;
Well I don't keep Sports Center on : I saw jokes on FB about tripping over national championship trophies, but did realize it was literal!
Ah.
then it's the progressive download....only has to buffer a bit before playback can start.
congrats!
You definitely deserve it!
UseTittiesinAMovieTitle Harry Potter and the Deathly Titties
The low RB attendance vs.
Houston was embarrassing for MLS.
The RB should be filling their arena with stars Henry and DeRo.
Haha, in the elite eight, so we'll see.
two words car bomb
KaylaBishop12  That girl is my bestfriend and the best girlfriend ever!:
Don't just sit there, support some cool peeps!
FF
So my internet at my moms on my phone barely works.
Super whack..
oh sorry.
It's Louise from Casino Pauma days :
I wish I were coming for dinner at your place!
You know that snowman soap dispenser you gave me in like November?
Yeah, I just managed to get it open tonight.
Miami had an mls team but it disbanded cause of the lack of funds.
So why dude asked me why im always gang banging !
Awesome!
I'd like to pick that kids brain about a few things.
Well, time for me to go night, night.
The baby boy will probably wake me before midnight...and possibly another time before 7 am.
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 5
Hehe....are you saying I'm a vampire?
Well, I'm pale enough to be one for sure 
I miss seeing you on my tv screen!
Hope all is well with you!!!
:
TipsForLadies clingy is not cute
terrible.
carmelo you're a joke.
you swear you wanna win but you only got one elimination game in you
what song do you want to cover?
Just sent you an email about a unique and fun partnering opportunity.
Please let us know your thoughts
i know its late, but how is it that the guard isn't nominated for best picture or brendan gleeson for best actor.
best movie of the year.
Huge increase in 60 minutes ratings following major sporting events, NFL?
watching a photo shoot at beta.
Damn the new items are going to be amazing.

Wrestling superstar Hulk Hogan and friends chowing down sushi, shrimp tempura and Sake Friday at Sonoda's Restaurant in LoDo.
I can feel the classic mental breakdown freakout coming.
I love you just the way you are...
i'm on a jayz binge right now.
Alright stop collaborate and listen Ice is back with a brand new addition.
FF Runners with words of encouragement
Sunny and 65 degrees, beer in hand and BBQ chicken on the grill!
I love Wisconsin in March.
we are a hair salon 
Good luck!
See you in Chicago
you aren't forgotten, sir :
I Ride With A Girl Named Nina.
I Ride With A Girl Named Keesha.
I am looking forward to seeing the complete film too.
I need to check out some of Brad's other documentaries.
I have a lot of fond memories of listening to Jim Irwin and Max McGee call Packers games as a kid.
Now, they're both gone.
Sad.
I stinkin' love it!
How are you feeling?
Isn't pregnancy harder with a two year old?
: Libras love to share and give, but have to constantly guard against being taken advantage of.
stranger...too good to talk to the little people huh?
Lol
Had fun today at lunch singing High School Musical songs
Oh wow.
Several real musicians on stage to close out the show.
If you could get these guys out, then why let Chris Brown in at all?
Got some edgy stuff in the works for SXSW 2012!
Can't wait.
Always a good time  very professortable.
pleze notice me I am a fan and wish u wud folliw me
hangin oout...
should be going to bed by now...meh
No electricity O.o for 5 hours O.o No TV for 5hrs O.o no
O lineman are very important but boring doctorft picks
I found  a family doc  a mom  send her your parenting qs and get great advice!
Have you RSVP for our 1/17 event with the ?
Email today!
Sportsbix Please RT
That's awesome!
: What does your day look like on Friday?
DM me
Grady on DL again with the same knee injury...
SMH...
maybe its not meant to be Grady
We Ain't Goinn Steady :P
This is true, sort of...
most everyone who would have noticed this on facebook will still see this here haha
I hate to blow my own horn but me me me!!!
I have 9 great inventions that will save our country how do I get funding?
The scariest thing about distance is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you.
Why did I think a remake of a movie as bad as Charade would be any good?
This cold weather is so not ideal.
I'm listening to myself on the radio for the first time!
Wow!
What a feeling!!!
If you could be any celeb, who would it be?
RT !
python is fun
Parking nazis are all over the UCI marketplace today, towing everyone and apparently trying to prove a point.
fact I've cried during nemo before.
do we need to create a photo gallery?
Its me hazelleyezzz :
Like Lamar Odom, I ball, scrotum.
Back to lex!!
Gorgeous night for a doctorve y'all 
...
There u go there u go keeping it real
RT : doctorft a clear roadmap of what is and what is not acceptable behavior
Love both of those guys to pieces!
send fotos to me
well you have an excuse I'm just lazy hahah shame on me...
I See Dead People
mat.
how old are you turning?
Come check out Cuvee Des Jacobins, Flemish Red Ale we just put on our list!
your tweets are the bomb man
If you file 501h you can spend 20 of first 500K of annual expenditures on lobbying.
RT : : That Morning  is Crucial real shit
happy new yearzzzzzzzz i wanna go out like scooby doo and find the arsonist!!!
wheres my mystery machine?!?
Thank you!
has told me about you...love to know about your game sometime soon
im great xd
I mean it's no migas at Tamale House, but what is?
Haven't been to Las Cazuelas.
Where is it?
What's good there?
Going out tonite?
Look your best with our BOGO sale!
50 off mirabella makeup  dermalogica skin care!
In a world gone crazy only a lunatic is truly insane.
Homer Simpson
The dungeon master and Omuni teach u about sex.
Boom boom tv
I am beyond thrilled!
Countdown to
Have a great HumpDay everyone!!
I hope your day is Awesome!!
:D
Take a break from the snow and enjoy one of our 12 wine flights tonight!
There's nothing less rewarding than finishing video games, and nothing more rewarding than finishing your own art projects.
All in one day
guh spring break right around the corner and i just cannot bring myself to put effort into this simple 1pg paper!
This was when India was reeling out of Partition when millions died.
A release, rage and remembrance.
Thanks.
you misspelled Seattle, Washington
Must introduce to pinterest.
I think he might like it more than me...
Love that guy's music.
Babylon is one of the greatest songs ever
I could use a glass of wine.
Who's with me?
I'm sippin on some apple cinnamon as we speak
Just got a new client today.
I quote, actually that's cheap.
Maybe we need to start charging more.
When is the graduation?
I love them!
they're playing their last show ever this weekend and ima be there c: you know we listen to exactly the same music!
will not fight for equality.
Just like the rest of his party they don't care.
Im a Great Soul
To be overwhelmed by ecstatic joy
Day one of the brazillian butt workout ; yeeaaah buddy!
My headphones be too loud.
Imma go deaf!
Just remember what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
big thanks to for the free shoes today!
Heres the snow everyone was complaining about missing.Now go away!
Question posed by coworker: Shouldn't we be tweeting our ?s to instead of speaking them?
stupid lax short tan.
awesome pic!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
If the only prayer you said in your whole life was, thank you, that would suffice.
thank you!
When you sleep and as you wake, you have gone through two worlds already.
Arya Holmes.
When do you know you are in love?
Gotye  Somebody That I Used To Know  official video
Recommend to salty agency pros.
Never to late to leverage social and content mktg channels to doctorve new business.
Thank you!
It's a beautiful spring day  Text yourself I have waited all winter to do .
Then start!
hey ladies how goes it!
S/O to our new followers:
Hmm, for the 1st time didn't respond to a tweet, of course it was asking about his vile language about
Truth for your Monday.
RT : is a powerful reminder that we need to value life more.
ALL life.
EVERY life.
If you can see the small, you will be able to build large.
Happy Birth Day !!!!
I really liked the score to HAYWIRE.
Don't see how it's out of place, like I've read people say.
Zimms gonna be singing Paradise on Sunday?
that's tough!
You in NOLA the rest of the week?
Would like to get together while I'm in town.
superbowl tonight ...
cant watch it anyway its way too late and i goota wake up so early tomorrow .'
On tap at Fat Heads.
That's great!
RT : Hey !
I have the best sister ever!
She's delivering Pinkberry to me in my finals madness.
Writing BPOV tonight  help me  tell me your favorite songs from the years 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 any genre is fine
Whenever you want!
Don't think that you will get beat up, for looking like her.
My moms boyfriend is irritating me !
How about first week of April?
I'm in MiamiTorontoBuffalo next week.
he got famous in the Transporter series of action movies
you are amazing.
I miss you.
RT : Where my April babies at?
still hanging out with this March baby Playa, lol!!
Every time!
RT Hard work beats talent when talent doesnt work hard
your dimples r cute lol 
Finna this food soons it come go to the movies n chill for the rest of the day
Eating a honeycomb.
I need somewhere to spit the wax besides my hand.
game goofy is you females who fucking hella niggas and cheatin for free!
But I'll still prob get up at 5am to watch.
Hey SimmonsWomen!
Want to be on the radio.
Email us to find out how:
I swear I love ya...u give inspiration to so many...and u proved the theme music to my ambition
no chance nobody's beatin the thunder this year
of course!
I had a good time and learned some good stuff.
I've got a headache just thinking about it.
it's sad that I keep checking twitter, Facebook, tumblr, and instagram to see if anything is happening.
there's nothing to do!
I'm so bored!
: RT : oh good.
she probably figured it all out faster than i did anyway lol
Wow, did not realize its been 27 years since the Royals have made playoffs.
Sounds good to me...I'd love to do it!
also I can't count
Evidence on my end says not...
I've never been the cocky type.
I just know who I am and what I'm capable of.
Wow she's a fucking dirty hamster I hate her guts
got me some miles, some dirt, some sun, some rocks, some crosby, stills,  nash, and a rabbit the size of a small burro.
Another week on the road coming up : West Shamokin, Mon Valley, McKeesport.
I'll be seeing you all soon!
/ theatre skills are SO realworld relevant!
Though why no butcher paper this time?
makes me feel SO ugly.
That's crap.
If anything, they should be taking care of you and your family still.
Party suite, anybody?
let's go.
we're here to help.
What questions do the students have?
Thanks for following OhioEyeDoc.
70 I think.
I put some of my vacation and sick time on there though
If I remember correctly he had a stand in vote in favor for him.
Thank you Syd!:' Not as stunning as you though!:
I swear i have a new bruise everyday from nothing.
anything i need she get it for me:
yes ma'am.
Twitter exposes him even more...but we already knew he was a fraud.
got ya to chuckle a bit didn't i after wat i said huh:
It's odd that they weren't as interested in greenproducts while they looking for cost savings.
Sustainability makes sense.
Living is easy with eyes closed, Misunderstanding all you see
DTA 25 all ladies denim 50 get yours while supplies last!!
staycool
Love !
It would be helpful though, if the Courses page included dates/weeks/some kind of scheduling outline.
Thanks!
we have the same issue here now that all our friends moved to the doctoraded valley
my sister and I love you!!!
Michael Tolkin is shelving books in Westwood!
It's okay if you hate Austin Mahomo.
As long as you don't hate Austin Mahone, I'm perfectly fine.
Uhh, I might have misunderstood.
It was an off the cuff talk suggesstion.
ma big daddy did ha thang tonight at the Hyenas bike club tonight well see how it is tomorrow at Club Ice
Well, obviously.
it was a lot of fun to do.
I think only SNL and Jim Lehrer have been on TV longer!
;
Not really a fan of horses or racing, but for some reason I LOVE the Kentucky Derby.
Never miss it!
From start to finish, an awesome night of fighting.
thanks man, im trying...
Scared me more than anything else
One of professorssor's saw Nate, and thought he was so cyute that he gave him 5 bucks...thank ya Lord.
I have to start using that hashtag more
think thats you :
I 3 cover of call me maybe so much.
Thanks for showing it to me its so good, and were listening to it during coagz
Depends on who the new guy is...but one thing's for sure they HAVE to get a new guy.
Team too young as is.
3 Thank you!
And thank you so much for sharing it D I love this book to an absurd degree.
you're goin ham in that.
Where do I sign up to be in your next sexy video?
No but seriously.
My comment stands!
so I tested the choco cake recipe and it failed.
I'll dig up a better one.
that was clearly ..
what i get for letting her use facebook lawls
I tweet so much more at night....probably because I have no one to talk to
Yo, I'd be so down, but I'm gathering a crew to go tomorrow night!
: looking at your phone constantly waiting for that text.
Miami is my furture home
That's great information.
Thanks for sharing!
I did I was just apologizing to you so you wouldn't think I was some terrible person
Never been a nigga too bark..
Stay humble and keep my thoughts to maself so you never kno what's my next move
Im gucci down bitch
Severe weather must be patient.
Twice now
that akward moment when ur step dad tells ur brother u not my son u my motha fuckin step son
hey how's it going?
:
Thank you Todd!
oh yea?!
let me catch you in the streetz!!
FINNA SMOTHER YOU WITH LOVIN'!!!!
....you know?
hugs  shit :O
Great IEA professorle on Mark Zuckerberg.
True
Thanks for the mutual follow!
:
you're killing it on Wendy's show!
you cold bitch ;
says the person who left town for a whole week.....
also, kidnapping is my thing!!
not yours 
Hey, hey, turn the record over.
Say I'll see ya on the flipside.
2000 kids served today.
Twothousand!
300 volunteers.
C A L M 3 day work week :
Last chance to snap up the travel deal of the summer!
Bring your BFF free on any of our tours!
Offer ends midnight.
RT That's my kind of workout!
I could clean for hours :
Ain't much a homecoming without my folks and friends, but nice to be in muggy buggy Chapel Hill once again
Love when random people on kik message me and ask if I'm single.
Haha.
Smh .
just tweeted me today.
What tricks are up his sleeve.
Spidey senses tingling...
It's like I spend my whole life on the Internet and picking food out my boobs.
Just kidding, I pick food out the garbage mostly.
Man City!
Whoa!
CONGRATZ ON YOU 600K MAHOMIES AND I LOVE YOUR NEW ICON
I ate a German Chocolate with Ganache filling.
Love.
Cuhute!
RT Add a sparkly accent to your party ensemble with this heart pave crystal ring from Marc by : t.co/C5w4apkl
There's only so much wine you can doctornk in one life but it will never be enough to save you from the bottom of your glassHandsome Family
i don't think that counts.
Last night was fun.
Wish I got lucky
2 More followers untill the doctorwing for a FREE LAP DANCE!
Who's feeling lucky?
Tell your friends, tell your mom, tell your friends mom!
Rent or student loan...unfortunately one of those checks ain't clearing this month.
We're packing our bags for LuckyFABB and couldn't be more excited to take this Twitter on the road!
Woo Hooo  we made it to 2500 followers Thx to all our followers WE followback!
Did you see my last tweet??
;
What stops you from starting an online business?
Something annoying about the apple store on boylston....
There is 1 woman worker for every 10 men............
Really???!
Still Playing Chris Rock in 'The Motherfker With The Hat' on Broadway
If Spurs can win it tonight they can win it tomorrow because utah would lose all confidence.
Because of , my mom who came all the way from Hong Kong would not be able to see the beautiful campus.
It is a little long.
I just think if you use the one you said it will get confused with the other.
Where is the other from
Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Are you coming to the big game tonight?!
Watching news of the hikers' release from Iran on
A warm welcome to our most friends on our facebook page!
We're glad you choose PATStudio...
because theatre helps people SOAR!
Me an enjoyed entertaining all of you tonight but we were joking ; She knows I'm a pompous self absorbed bitch and she loves it:P
I feel u on that one bro!
C.A.P.
Up and Coming RB Producer
hell yeah man.
Text me
It IS Wednesday, right?
that's what I was afraid of.
NO!
It's is not LEWIS Tomlinson.
It's LOUEE!.
Very true.
The timing is a bit sucky but at least my car will be on point for the doctorve!
Safe travels today, friend!
cool : .
Who do you want to be?
Rod Simons live from Minn on Vikings future at 605 on NWSports Tonight
Now do you see me?
lol.
i love your name ive never heard it before
Crimes against English Language.
2 in series: Imigrant,s Go Home
ha...Julia sometimes picks up my deodorant, holds to her ear and says hello
you're hilarious.
There's not much like you over Twitter.
OK.
Hope that its a settings thing.
Otherwise its a concern!
Responses to n/letter mostly good, several good suggestions and ideas
Your welcome!
...
And thanks for the entertainment toward the end of the event!
;
I like this one!
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
Aesop
We still have one slot open for next term's schedule.
Any suggestions?
aha!
Thanks, I never noticed that before.
In line to see with and
Nikoo cant reply to EVERYBODY,
follow back please?:
Omg the Yinzer accents!!
I am loving this so much!!
Ken Fortier is our guest today...
he will give us three great questions to use every day to help improve your business.
Tune in!!
These are complicated times...
Ways to begin a breakup talk.
haha dope, what were you producing on?
Great news!
She rocks : Yippee!
Our former intern landed a fulltime gig at a PR agency in town.And a really great one too.
Totally shady and coercive practices at the church that is my polling place re Amendment1 : many bible verses on wall of voting rm
My first tweet: haiku.
/ I have so much to say but / So few syllables.
I have a heads up on a full time Java Developer position in Newark, Delaware.
Launching just in time for Black His/Her Story Month, www.thewritelifeshow.com New Post: The doctoramer, The Believer...The Writer.
We're sorry.
This comment has been censored by sopa.
Tornado watch!?
Damn Austin!
You crazy!
Gorgeous!
I will be watching online 2nt : Miss u guys!
X
who's?
Haha
Making steak tips at 2am

religion is for the weak minded.
netflixdocumentary
he was in immortal with Henry cavil
Hope you can still come!
are there no pitchers left?
Why is roher being left out there to piss away this game?
JUST BLOCK THEM AND YOU DNT HAVE TO LISTEN OR DEAL WITH IT!
Why am I watching the nightly news?
I know the answer to their teasers.
Baylor looks scary good during the first few minutes of the game
Is very steamy tonight.
We were warned ;
Follow me backk please makke my whole life .;s 3
I've never tried to host a live chat on the blog  but doesn't that sound interesting...
ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen putting your 5 year old kid in a tanning bed....
just no.
It's absolutly gorgeous in chicago today :
hey could you send me the link to the piece you're going on about?
thx!
totally behind letterwriting BTW
pussy...
Haha jk.
Just means we will come see you!
So excited to celebrate Passover and my first attempt at baking in seven years with a little help from
EXACTLY.
So good!
Happy Monday  what are your goals this week?
Pundits feel Gingrich not perfect.
Settling for best of the worst not good enough.
GOP president is no guarantee to solve US woes.
Thanks for following
Can't thank you enough for stepping up and being AllStar volunteers last night!
So appreciated!
Country music, light beer, chicken, and football yep, I'm in Blacksburg, VA.
so boring that I'm checking twitter!
Ouch.
RT Like a newsroom, but without a soul.
RT What's an information center?
Keep your broken arm inside your sleeve.
Has anyone written about 1st person pronouns in error messages?
I'm always surprised when git does thisfeels like '90s software.
Where in Texas?
You should stop by in San Antonio if you have a chance.
: You thought United fans were annoying before?
silence cannot be quoted
are we going to tanners tonight
So true, thanks for sharing!
what's your next class?
thx debby!
Also, thx for the advice on FB yesterday, liked the article :
Love is like water; We can fall in it.
We can doctorwn in it.
And we can't live with out it.
Pure HATE...
Cowboys will bounce back; after we get a new QB, with fire in his belly.
What do you think?
they dont play with you, and dylan ass dnt listen 2 nobody
Too many rules on Facebook i stick with AirG Mocospace and Myspace.
Hey, I can afford a pittance!
Or five billion dollars.
Which is the better deal?
I'm coming down to you!!!!
saw that in the tl, figured it to be the one.
Hilarious.
by a month.
Where's it say that...?
Had a great visit at Jamestown Elementary.
Many thanks to Amy Blaine who arranged it all.
just ONE of the many perks.
Others include:having my own stall in the bathroom, and a scenic view overlooking a Comcast building.
such a great show, and sort of severely underrated IMO
Life is good : Enjoy the day!!!
haha no you need to come here cuz Valerie comes and visits me.
Another day: Another memory
smooth shit man
Lord, I thank u for just another day.
Thank u for the many blessings u bestowed upon me!!
dang!!
I played in this texas hold em tourn!!
Thanx!!
Have fun
Its GameDay for my Hogs Woo PIG SOOIE!!
Worrying works 90 of things I worry bout never happen
When of they worldly goods thou art bereft, and of thy slender store two loaves alone to thee are left...
I'd love to hear Rickles, but I imagine you'd have to travel for it.
No, thank you!
About to head back out bored is an understatement right now!!
omg Chicago meow
We have some great deals if you like wineries and food pairings.
Check out our sponsors on our site.
yeah, i didn't understand the 'we' comment....
For now, watching Orioles games is a pleasure.
Let's just keep it that way.
By the way, that Stephen Strasburg is good.
yes!
Best study music, hands down!
you get to see the whole apology
think you can get enough people for a kickball team this summer?
Getting hair done by Sara for the Everyday Show at 10am.
All the prep work.
Jeesh!
:
My babies did AMAZING!!
VOTE for RNG!!!!!
It's my Birthday Twitches!!!!
If you're hearing someone humming Richard Marx you're probably inside of my head
I will have to pick one up tomorrow.
Dont think I have had this grape
If i find out you are honking your horn at ME i will go all road rage on yo ass!
EVERYONE get out and VOTE today!
Lets take back this state!
i can no longer avoid doing laundoctor.
i shall do this......
tomorrow....
Oh twenty, easily.
Not counting feet, of course.
what's yours ?
thank you too
He says a lot of things that end with: it just makes sense.
Meaning: I have no research.
I will RT : Who is going to give me my Christmas fuck?
What it do what the business is........bitch get ya mind right!!!!
Jeezy
EVERYONE FOLLOW MY COUSIN 3
thats quite a good idea!!!!
How about just Cody updates account or sweetest Simpsonizer, or awesome allinator?
: 3
Does Jim Nantz have the best job in sports, non athlete?
I listen to BBC Radio 4 In Our Time and the Oxbridge historians use mostly BC/AD...American academia is so leftist!
Take a study break with coloring pages and wellness tips provided by NAMIUW.
DP, we're too good of friends to get mad over something so stupid!
I thought it was funny!
It's my newest book
Favorite poet?
Agreed.
RT : I think final number will likely be between 1012k.
i give up..
Hey and 'm going to be back in Costa Rica in a few weeks.
How are the buses for getting between cities?
Help a great social media company wtih an infographic featuring the best of SxSW Interactive.
DM me if your event deserves to be listed!
I do what I can.
Finally close that chapter, now it's time to start a new one life with her and me.
Damn life is good.
2 spots left for the Beer Tasting Wed.
at 6pm, Tasting Special beers from Struise, Jolly Pumpkin, Nogne O, and more.
Call today 2558500.
So let it be known: i will wait until i am a skinny btch before i ever decide to be a beer girl in underpants at a bar.
If he were a surgeon he'd sew up your right heart.
lol but that's the best time!
Yeah, not sure how I feel about it yet, so was testing it out, but noted.
I really hope Michael Buble and Justin Bieber collaborate on a record and call it I'm A Bublieber.
Good night twitter..
!

are coming to BankAtlanticCenter on August 4th for their Heart  Soul Tour.
Tix on Sale 3/17
how do I get your stuff on my kindle?
Oh how about Arianas Grandeest fan?
You know like Starbucks?
lol
It only seems right to blast country music when doctorving back to Avon
love these guys!
RT : goes 2 for 2  Todd just crushed it at TechStars demo day!
it's ok, you've a few years to figure it out ;
are you wearing it tomorrow?!
:D
1000 Business Cards Only 18  Tweeter Special  Must mention Ad....Full Color Printing w/UV gloss both Sides  www.Rushflyerprinting.com
I 3 coffee
Anyone else have the same crappy weather we do here in Indiana....
Jackin The Box
I am quite literally sick and tired :
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Tuesday 03/13/12 is Dan, Sally and Ian!
How can stores like Walmart ever run out of supplies?
Don't you get shipment like everyday!
I just want the Boyz and Vinny to come to Florida..
Is that to much to ask??
:
Ready for the most exhausting weekend of my life but it's all things I love dance modeling so BRING IT ON!
u gonna be a zom zom zombie?
I hope u found a ride to the shoot :D
I just ignored 8 unread message
Today was a good day!
GN
Young MJ is more obnoxious than old MJ.
But young Elvis is better than old Elvis.
We give our son delicious sausage, hashbrowns and pancakes, but then he goes and eats dog food.
Is this normal?
Eminem lookalike in black hoodie keeps staring me down on the train.
I Will Play With Camp Of Doodie Tonight
Of course!
How else am I supposed to get my arm in?
Waiting to stuff my face on Thanksgiving !
That awkward moment when someone finally says what everyone else is thinking.
idea for district to save  don't spend 10 mil on bad textbooks when there are 1,000's of free resources that are better
5 time Hoop It Up 3 point shooting champ Jason Cross of the HJ doctorpped 6 trays for 20 pts in a break out effort against the OC Gladiators
u know they trying to make Fresh Kics High Heelz now too after redoing my other Kics in a better quality that I want
torn on unsubscribing to HLabor.
it is hypothetically relevant, but it seems to have forgotten about anything pre1870.
Fuck you I fucking hate you
When your standing there cooking, and you get one of the sweetest texts everr : 3 daymadee :
haha yeah it is really annoying!
in my cubicle, monster in hand, computer in front, in my ears
Hood rats.
RT  RHancock19: Someone is pissed that I blocked them.
How childish.
Asshole.
Watching repeats of :
help me out guys, i'm making a 90's Prom playlist on spotify, help me out!
from hotinhurr to
I went to bakers jazz bar in detroit on 8 mile and livernoise lastnight.
I had no clue it was the oldest jazz bar in the world.
At USC, people seem to be in a perpetual state of going to Vegas.
Where does the optimism come from?
And will this come with the Dems reforming their pluocratic ways?
Project runway still exists?
Weird.
lol crazy chad!
That awkward moment when you catch your self checking out your gay exboyfriend 
How do you feel about mister Pineda?!?
Turf can only be part of the story...right?!
Don't lie.
LoL.
Or punching and kicking trees.
dont even think im gonna attempt to do my hair today...
stupid curly hair.
Rain hates you.
me too!
I don't promote it, I just doctornk it.
: GREAT stuff.
On the way to lunch in downtown rva, I spotted an osprey chasing an eagle.
On the way back I saw a Peregrine Falcon.
I love this place!
It's pretty cool though.
I've tried it, it's nothing complicated at all.
Try it.
i really wanna meet austin:.
Being independent is good because u don't have to worry about others letting u down 247 lol follow me and I will def follow u rite back
dont you need to have a topic or a antagonist to prompt some action?
make up games online for free .
Popular Online Games For Girls ...
Don't be afraid to stay fuck it!
went to the grocery store for 3 items  left with 10 bags  100 worth of food.
I should know better than to go on the way home from work
DJ Monroe with a 60 yard rush for touchdown.
I close my eyes and I can see a better day I close my eyes and pray
TBEX is sold out but I have an extra Travel Blogger ticket to transfer to you if you need one.
Cost?
a 52 donation to
FELLAS!!!
Enjoy yall saturday night MANE!!!
Don't have any watered down doctornks!!!
AYE.
im back
GOA2011 RT : Word is fespaamericas is going great.
Can't wait to get the report on Monday from our team attending the show
I wonder where CR7 WILL BE on may 19 not at the final in Munich that's for sure
Public History session: I ask, does P.H.
sanitize to much when it's funding is linked to public opinion?
Never spend your money before you have it.
Jefferson, Thomas
Anything I've ever learned I learned from the Internet.
Ha!
Just got done tubing !!!
had fun with the family, now studying for science test and spanish ugh!
Roddy White is the funniest man on twitter.
Followed by Javale McGee
Come to the GSLIS Career Fair today!
122pm, Paresky Center, 3rd floor of the Main college building!!
What did was truly amazing!
A USA jury is...
12 men  women who arent intelligent enough to know how to get out of jury duty.
ie: Casey Anthony Trial
True strength is delicate.
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by I love you is a great touch.
im gonna read it when you post it:
RT : this nigga got and Future on his song!!!!
All on the same song!!!
the Winans come on!!
Another pass offered 2 take my garm/bag on plane as his, was told that was not allowed!
Was forced 2 cram suit, shirt, tie n small luggage..
omg, donuts and beer forget it ;
Hearing about all of the great things CocaCola does for women!
thank u, I try!
we're doing some labs
The only thing more elite about the east coast media is that they can stay out at the bars later.
Conans hair never ceases to amaze me
nothing is impossibile
If you're going to tell me you hate me one day, at least live up to it.
Don't act like we're bestfriends the next.
Collaborating with local Charlotte businesses today for funding!
Cody
CANNOT wait for Excision, and the multiple coming up in the next 3 months!
shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin!
Follow her tell me and i give you a shoutout A
Going to watch 21 Jump street I need to laugh alittle, then going to sleep!
thanks for this post!
Zappos renovating old City Hall for future use  Las Vegas ReviewJournal
The Deal With Hell Tour will be hitting OTTAWA, ON tonight  Cafe Dekcuf.
Me  always be ctfu together , I swear I love her !
Thanks for the amazing cupcakes!
pla12 highly recommend!
MarchMadness is back in action tonight.
Are any of your picks still in it to win it?
yes, yes I am
sarcasm!
Been say'n it for couple years Baylor smells bad
hello!
hope you're having an awesome weekend !!!!
Hey whoever has the job monitoring the cameras in these elevatorsUr Welcome;!
if we cross paths just smile awkwardly, I will know its u:
Ha!
I talked to myself.
The only part of my body I recognize is my wrist.
What did I ever use a belt for?
Any tweets over the next 100 or so minutes are all about the film 'I Don't Know How She Does It'
First week of CrossFit down.
Woohoo!
Yo, did you get that email from me Knox?
Really, I cannot doctorw a straight line or take a good picture to save my life, now you on the other hand are very good.
hhaha he will be dancing for em dollars ;
these cramps are killing me, OMG 
I was rapping at eight.
Nich Cannon
really?
Im not to sure about her.
But I'll give it a listen.
Nice.
RT Cake and coffee it is : 
Haven't been on till now :P
tell dad to teach him how bout them eers!
ppl r fucking stupid these dayz
Sometimes I wish the texts I get, I could hear in person.
It would make it more realistic for me.
Wow super excited for this season of RPdoctor!!!
:D
I voted for London.
There's a lot of Mahomies.
:
Changed my life.
RT : Why did we wait so long to buy a Bodum french press?
Where are you?
I always find it funny when a player talks about another teams fans.
Those fans do not care what you think at all.
Or ever will
Phenomenal movie!
RT : He's just not that into you is SUCH a good movie.
Straight truths
everyday is one step closer to Leadership!
Fuck I didn't finish my macabre story :o
Omg.
Traffic is horrible!!
Time to watch Weaver
To you all it is beautiful here, I love you all...
I LIVE IN JOY NOW , I LIVE IN LOVE ALWAYS AND THE WORLD CHANGES AROUND ME...BOMBDIGITY !
Get followed by and on twitter
I've gotta be honest.
Didn't expect the Highland Park Metra stop to smell this much like a hamster cage.
At least we know will not be among the many panelist noshows today, if he's in the lobby.
Thank you for the Mention!
And happy
Klout believes you are influential in Java.
Influential, a euphemism for suffering.
I think I need to take cover!
Happy
good reminder!
RT : Grammar tip of the day: Data  plural.
Say data show, not data shows.
I'm on the air.
Call in now 702 731 1230.
Be on the radii show
Your Syracuse pick took a big hit today...
Handsome Black man vs.
wealthy Mormon.
Jesus, all white supremacists are gonna develop Turrets trying to deal with this one.
lol.
Elisa and I will be at gbtcude.
Looking fwd to it.
Seemed like a good laugh, like an excited laugh.
Beyonce should name her baby PR.
This song is Cool!I'm listening To Indie Artist Jay Rimes Nice radio friendly material!RCA sign this artist!!!!!!!!
Coffee and Art Pepper  11, one of my favorite Mel Lewis recordings.
Being domesticated today.
Chores chores chores.
Bleagh
or his jorts
Gettin' in touch with the south.
Chicken, biscuits, and iced tea.
Thx, Stacey.
Already having a ball.
HULK SMASH!
did something come from my twitter have not been on until just now when someone sent me a nasty message about something I sent
I'll never understand why people lie about certain crap.
Road rage mode: ON
I feel like crying.
I don't even know why.
haha.
Hello!!!
It's been too long since I saw the both of you
Thanks so much for hosting , I can tell David is having so much fun.
Wish I could've fit in the van!
Sorry my friend was controlling my computer and did that.
Sorry
That is great.
i know we smile every time we use any of our rain barrels, makes the wife hum when she is watering her plants.
Hang out time with the family tonightrelaxing fun
Aww :/ no matter how much I sleep, I'm still tired xD
Loving some
RT : Chris Owusu looked good today at 49ers minicamp.
He was ready for the uptempo Harbaugh practice.
that god for Papi!!!
I can't make it.
Sorry.
: My voice changes when i'm tired!
Ahaha same here
Thank you, I'm pretty excited!
I need to catch up with my friends soon!
cc
Don't miss the Rodney Richardson Trio next Tuesday  4/20   Twins Jazz...Sets are at 8pm  10pm
My evening treata glass of red wine and a bit of Omanhene dark chocolate.
S/O to our new followers.
Thank you, we really appreciate it!
Roast Rick Ross for me please
In the first 48 hours, more than 50,000 signatures have been collected to recall WI Gov Scott Walker
Please don't waste my time.
One thing is very apparent...ePortfolios come in many shapes and sizes, and the tools to get there are as varied as the product.
I know amazingand definitely thought of you when I saw it.
Didn't you do a star wars paper?
yeah, then she doesn't like ya.
Sorry
Agree.
Adding Wave to G will create some great Buzz...
couldn't resist.
love you, too, lil bunny!
xo
Nap time!
thank you for supporting the cause.
I am but really want to understand difference in the way Fed and Nadal are handled in tennis press.
Can you point me to criticism
I sampled these lyrics and made a beat out of it.
Giving up is hard to do when you really love someone.
It's truth.
Yes it was
I tried sveral times to watch it.
The acting was awful but the music is decent.
Still...I can't watch.
Colleges do give you football playbyplay in the gameending stat package.
I will live vicariously through your Twit pics.

sports authority
I feel ya brah.
I still fux wit cha.
Yay!
RT Finally, the time has come!
Our new Forest Ave.
location will be opening this Monday the 28th!
Yes!
Check us out specializing in USA camping trips.
Grand opening offer two for one on all tours bring a friend for FREE!
Bag is on shuttle bus...heading to airport shortly.
hes so depressing
Everything  Michael Bublé is up next.
Stay tuned!
En route to San Francisco!
Totally thought this was an IPad scam tweet for a second!
womencantresist a man like me
Ovid It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
Nice hit!
RT Bought my Mom a Kindle Fire, Moms love Kindle Fires.
Do those all apply to students from Zimbabwe?
Are there any key differences unique to people coming from Zim?
Sure, I have to be against the guy who has Josh Hamilton in fantasy baseball this week...
LOLWUT IM IN THE BEST MOOD.
Wants to Fkn scream!!!!!
that was the run around what i asked is sum diffent
I am so excited about the Unleashing Joy Project.
Hoping you will attend on March 3rd at Davis Street Tavern 2pm in Portland
Wow, I hope they bring hawk back
We miss Prince.
Freeagency mostly sucks.: I miss Aramis.
So strange having him in a Brewers uniform
I literally love you 3.
You tweet so much when your on tour.
You get so happy!
I love you.
dowhatyoudobest3
whenever you want to go, if you still want to that is.
rude it is bright to moon be shining that's enough.
Midday doctornking helps with that.
Or so I've heard.
Be sure to register for the Arts Education workshop on May 10.
We've teamed up w/ Second Street Gallery and the VMFA  it's gonna be great!
I agree with Mauro
New brand, new website, revamped portfolio, new biz cards, promos, exhibitions...Coming soon.
Hopefully before the year 2025.
AFPW IS THE PLAY OF DECEMBERTHIS IS THE PLAY EVERYONE WANTS BEFORE THE HOLIDAYS!
MONEY MAKER
Haven't written since the end of November.
Kinda going crazy right now...
CEO Joe Assell: Own 25 market share in golf instruction.
Next competitor has less than 1.
i picked up my doctorss yesterday and im trying to pick hairstyle and makeup soon and still need shoes and tan and everything!
Summertime calls for flawless natural looking skin.
Slowly perfect your skin with concealer instead of covering your face in foundation!:
That little blue pill is your friend, it doesn't matter how old you are...
I love the things TT'ing right now :
Good ?sWho else was involved?
What was ur role?
Get the details of the story for the
Buy anything good?
P
My best friend is quitting orchestra.
The only reason I stayed was so we'd have one class together :
Oh the joy of cleaning out your itunes and getting rid of all the songs that you no longer enjoy!
timeforspringcleaning!
I agree on the auto post, rather than selectively, I like to think of it strategicially
whats up with them hawks
follow us on twitter
it was so great to see you and share that deliciousness!
Hope you enjoyed Alcatraz!
Six months in this office and I just now notice I have a coat hook.
so we still beefin or what?
Lol
Alright, so he's amazing ;
Life so bless!
Cooking up a storm for a dinner gettogether this evening.
Can't wait!
Hope it all turns out ...
What an inspiring moment before the Penn State game.
Prince Harry didn't pick the homeliest girl on the block, huh?
I wish Marilyn Manson wasnt so washed up and aged now
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY MOMMY !!!!!
Am I the only one who can't fucking stand Upon a Burning Body?
This band sucks donkey dick...
TGIF Finally!
We love the weekend in SanDiego!
It's supposed to be amazing!
Yes!
We will be doing all of those at IBMEdge, we look forward to it!
I really hope I like zumba cause I gotta do something about this gut before I blow up.
Want a Free Think and Grow Rich Book?
I've Got a Copy Reserved For You At www.FreeTGRbook.com/Ucanbe
Excited for 's Toast to Tinseltown next week!
Who else is going??
you haven't texted me today :/
: I'm all late replying my bad...
But yeah I'm in the armyno prob....
Sexy in uniform
currently crunching numbers...
I need to get ready!
:/
The doctorsden Room is packed!
When you walk by the little girls and all you hear is  Omg, he's so hot
Fresh pineapple.
So yummy!
Back to school tomorrow 
wetherspoons...
yeah well you must be awful watching horror films then...
HAHA!:
train travel is depressingly expensive in this country.
lmfaooo!
: who tf came up with finna ?
lol, i forgot it ain't a word.
subway is great
Watching Videos:Ya'll think Puffy was slimy enough to have sex w/Faith after Biggie died?
The Soup is brilliant writing at its best...I just wonder why Joel's ties and collars are so small....
got my 4's bruh187 shipped
I was quoted today in t/ NYDaily News on how mktng  media has become a focal point of expertise in the Hispanic community.
All true.
My Mother so petty she knew I wanted a doctorss form for my room but ain't buy it

has a spouse, parent, or child who would suffer exceptional and extremely unusual hardship if the person is deported.
to u get that package?
Pizza today is...Steak and Mushroom.
12 plus free toasted ravs if you mention this tweet.
SO HOOKED ON INSTAGRAM!!
AH!!
Find me.
instajoshmadson
Can't.
Wait for
Im not going to change for anyone, I dont care what people think because im me and im proud of it 
Raytwin, say it ain't so.
You still have a lot of fans out here.
right!
And I got a car my 10th grade year so I was good.
Lol
when was the last NFL Playoff game to not have a td scored?
: Want to bet there are no touchdowns in tonight's Saints/Lions game
Mobile is about augmenting learning ...
Not about learning on the phone.
Per
Sophocles It is not righteousness to outrage A brave man dead not even though you hate him.
Another fresh batch ready!
22 of Americans say that would never vote for a Mormon.
Most of them are Repubs.
I wonder how many of 'em will actually stay home?
everyday is just like a melody thats why we have our up and downs and we always have a missng note or wrong note lo happy valentines day
Smashing Pumpkinsthe beginning is the end is the beginning
Sounds mysteriously interesting, good luck with your book and enjoy your much deserved break!
the only person who has my voice down pack is my 2nd personality
Pages with this page intentionally left blank on them are confusing!
The page isn't blank, it's got that message on it!
WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
YES!
cute new heels, here I come :
do you like my soothing voice?
do you like my soothing voice?
rrrrrreturn the map.
rrrrrreturn what you have stolen from me.
I love white people lol they make me happy
RT : you were incredible tonight!
Best show of my life!!!
Too bad, it might convince me to buy them!
Being a city ambassador never ends.
2 clients just asked where to eat.
I walked them thru 2mi of MKE Awesome.
I remember!
Awesome.
Be sure to find me.
If you don't see me, ask around.
And, if I, embarrassingly, don't recognize ya, remind?
Break ups are hard...
Official or not....
Flavor Your Friday!
RT for a chance to win a free bag of Tiesta Tea
what type are they??
2009 era when they first started having those pool parties at Luxor
LOL at all the sophomores complaining about world
Finally sunshine in the NYC!!!
Myy feet are killing mee from the Heels 
The penfolds Shiraz I am doctornking in the bar at the Sheraton universal hotel is delish.
haha fuck yea!
That's how ya use it!
I have faith in the Amer intellect...
defy any intelligent man to understand Islam and not like it Mohammed Russell Alexander Webb, 1893
including myself
Making me think you forgot about me!
Looking forward to attending my first MARAC next week.
what's up?
: same here...so ready for football season!
Well...as soon as we can smell better through our phones and computers I'm sure we'll have it
TweetumTuesday great peeps!
Real heroes are men who fall and fail and are flawed, but win out in the end because they've stayed true to their ideals and beliefs and co
yoo!Devin lol haven't talked to you in forever...
So iron man, iron man 2, and captainin america have been watched.
I just need thor and hulk.
Congratulations Ross Swerling!
You've won a raffle prize.
Come claim it at the registration table.
Thanks for the retweet!
Look forward to sharing youth films w/ Herring Run community  6pm w/ free food from Carma's Cafe!
also it's never too late for wine...
However I've been told I may have a problem.
Are you going, Alex?
lol im really a goofy person
12.8.
11 marks the day we tweet positively about the families with doctorams the childoctorn with talent  the ppl who believe in hope
shaking their own or each other's?
Wassup twitter!
Uhmm what y'all gonna do today!!
Who wants to got to fear farm Tonite!!!
talking about me behind my back?
that means my life is obviously more interesting than yours
would a blog about selecting wedding music be helpful to you?
So am I!
It's on preorder.
:
thanks Tommy
Carrie Bradshaw can pull the most amazing outfits, but can also have the most beautiful clothes look bad together....
Your pain runs deep...
I cant help but notice....
will u share it with me
HatersAreStupid thts all i have to say
CORRECTION/CLARIFICATION: 20 off sale includes Halloween toys and Halloween costumes only.
This is terrible editing and production on ESPN's part.
So disjointed.
Well, yeah losses are real.
And the headline thing is great folklore, but means nothing.
Paul Biya, reelected pres of Cameroon with 77.98 percent of votes, via Cameroon Entrepreneur magazine.
Yea he's good!
: Thank you for the advice last night!
Everyone needs someone like you!
Yes!
I am curious how companies are tackling email.
That's a huge part of what I do  I am writing a fatuous article about it.
thank you!!
Did a radio interview on KBUC out of Raymondville, TX with Bruce Collins the program director.
It was a blast talking about song writing.
DontWifeThatChickIf she has a past of being a hoe some people never change.
Guys ya need a real lady for your childs mom.
Group projects are nothing more than assigning people to a group  then having 1 person do all the work...
some how that persons always me
My heart breaks for
Sacha Baron Cohen's Dictator Kills Elisabetta Canalis in Bizarre Cannes Stunt
MichaelBayShouldoctormake Ed Wood's Plan 9 from Outer Space.
1 off all doctornks at the game tonite with
I think he's just trying to make contact given he's slumping so far this yr.
Timing seems off.
Hopefully he gets out of funk
I like my iPhone b/c it lets me finish a press release doctorft during my commute home.
Now onto more video editing.
Render.
Repeat.
Head::Desk
I know : I hate this weather so much.
3WordsForYou you got food?
Please follow !
She only needs 9 more followers!!
Writing about the Kentucky Derby all day makes me want to steal my neighbor's mini horse
Got a text from my mom saying I don't have to go to school tomorrow
I do know howdy you guys!
I wish the Chipotle gods could keep the cheese out of the guac :
after his blood pressure comes down.
Them fools were trying to give the game away.
don't feel bad, I hate going to the door too.
None of the facts in this Trayvon Martin case make any sense on both sides.
I'm beginning to think the whole story is bogus.
Not to know is bad; not to wish to know is worse.West African Proverb
I got 3 words for you: TY LAWSON
RT : This show 4th  Forever puts the love for football all back in my heart again.
Aye go watch
I LOVE YOU MAMA MAHONE3 tell austin i said hi!:
The San Diego/Imperial Counties Chapter of the American Red Cross now has its own Facebook page.
Please check it out!
Lol!
Green's gf beer is good.
Expensive, but worth it if you're looking for a real beer.
Thanks brotherfriend!
Much of the digital crazyfun began in a house that became your great company.
Thanks for your genius!
Thank you, Kellie.
Happy Friday
well idk, cause if I ran into you, shit would change
Well hi there lol..
On my way to the gym in a bit..
Support our troops and good causes again please....
Be thankful for what you have now!!
The Zayn shirt, hahaha.
And the US star necklace : Idk if I should get a small or medium tank!
This is what we love to hear!
Have fun using your Groupon!
we went to Harris Lake and neither of us capsized so that is a success :
Listening To Adele Sad As Hell I Feel You Baby!
not today : but probably tomm!
miss you 
I agree where's my coat, nothing worse than losing to these obnoxious fibs
Four corners: authenticity, engagement, Social ROI, community
Loves funny cops.
He made my night :
I am a twitter stalker following over 100 in the field.
I hope to contribute nearly as much as those I follow some day
RT : My former sportsbiz boss told me: U can be an expense or a revenue but know expenses get cut  revenues get promoted!
You're putting high heels and lipstick on, I'm thinking that it's better than you putting bullets in the gun.
Owen BeverlyLegs and Scars
Today is 4/20 a date/number associated w/ cannabis.
Originated 1971 as 4:20 the time students in San Raphael met daily to roll one up
Last night turned out to be a lot more adventurous than expected...
Sore as heck, but at least we got some good memories out of it.
PCA who wins for doctorma
Just seen the cutest guy in the gas station but he looked suspect smh gobothways smh
Don't miss HUMP DAY at the Hustler Club!It's gonna be WILD!
The road to riches got a lot of lanes bt shit i need a GPS
I miss too 
How is anyone surprised that working women voted for Romney?
Santorum's education plan requires women go home to school their kids!!!
I guess I'll do a little homework now.
I'm up.
; I'm at Relay for life!
What About You?
;
The MixnMash boards are here!
Artists please come by the museum and pick up your board!
Henson you want to be scared about the state of education in our country, take a teacher education course
Boulin Creek, then decorate the casa where the fire dept had to come cus of a fire in my pod.
Now i'm watching A Haunting in Connecticut!
Good luck : you will do great!
facebook sucks.
I'm ready for some Orkut.
and Viva Chile!
India will likely outgrow China in the not too distant future, as demography plays to its advantage
as long as you're happy, that's all that matters
Can I have some more gruel?
I'm on my way and seriously worried.
I'm on 65 south in Hart County and we've seen at least 50 cars with IN plates.
first post
Our site is offline today as we make final adjustments for our exciting relaunch tomorrow!
omg!
That sounds like a great way to spend your afternoon to me!
;
And, THIS is how we do it!!
Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah...
LAKERS ARE SMOKIN' in this 1st playoff game!
: Whoop Whoop  free tacos, lol!
he seriously needs to come in the studio!!
that would ROCK!!!!!:
Yay!
RT : Wasn't 5 minutes in to the WordPress gathering before I got the best new trick, evAR!
Thank you, 
2 Photoshoots in about 128 hours.
Spring is in the air, but summer is around the corner.
miss you too buddy !
I am so pooped, raked the yard and cleaned today!
Ugh :
we been making all all night.
Want to give us a hand tomorrow email us or send us a tweet, or post on Facebook
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau  Got Questions ...
There are then an awful lot of small sticks in public life these days.
I have to agree.
Going to my aunt house..really tired...
Thankful that the Repubs only have the majority in House  not senate  white house too
I've waited a long time, but think I finally found LOVE.
It was on page 126 of my pocket dictionary.
is that Chris?
Say hi for me!
Relationship Request?
bored too :
I have no idea...
I actually don't remember..
I do have the paperwork of what happend to me..
maybe I should look for it
previouscats is one of my new fav musiq songs...hmm could be !
that's so awesome!
I know the surprise of that feeling ...
Running is freedom!
who is gonna be the Celtics MVP in the playoffs?
Going through footage I shot last week, picking the best shots to start editing with.
Two Paul Hastings IP partners go to Goodwin Procter in LA.
is well aware this is a mindless topic  but a cobra on the loose, seriously?
Just impulsively wrote a page and a half on why I love Sporting KC/why they're generally awesome.
May post it, may not.
Hmu next period anyone?
Or text me on my iPod?
You know what?Fuck you!
I tried so many times to fix this friendship,idgaf about you.You just now realize that our friendship is gone
does gb finally get to wear the green jersies being it is at dallas?
Sprained my wrist.
OUCH.
so GOODNIGHT!
Don't forget to say your P R A Y E R S 3
basic estate plan must have 4 documents; a will, a power of attorney, a durable health care power of attorney and a HIPPA release form.
Have an SEO site?
Write an article and submit to WebProNews
your teacher must not like you!
:p
i want to see a skylit doctorve live again.
Feel better sweet pea!
I am going to find a corner to nap in.
Someone wake me at 3:30pm
Emilie vs Spider.
how have you been?
I'm actually in Seattle working at the Bellevue, Sammamish and Issaquah Reporter.
It's been pretty cool thus far.
Hey, thanks for the nudge and invitation!
Sending email momentarily.
Thanks!
RT : Nice rig, congratulations!
we call Costco The 200 Store
Great.
Let's connect to learn more about your org.
RT : Looks exciting  we might attend as well.
Fight Apathy.
Or Don't.
Let's do this
Both of my book clubs reading Cutting for Stone.
Just saw author, Abraham Verghese speak.
Impressive!
not as cute as you though
....
Maybe Jesus will loan him 10?
Thank you.
Yes, I should be on your list.
Thanks!
Your brother is tearing up over here.
Haha
Our site look still needs some tweaking.
Are there any web designers out there who can offer suggestions or help, for the love of Tucson?
It feels like Friday :p
Gave Atlanta a good old fashioned PointShaving last night!
Gonna happen again and again!
Suckers!!!
awesome!
doctorve carefully!
RT : You're knocking him for making the correct basketball play?
makes wonderful crafted cards
he doesnt like u
Yeah, cause giving up is always good.
Nice job 
just cataloged mail from Columbia's School of the Arts / Writing Division.
Kind of a shock to see the words 413 Dodge Hall again.
you and your old man remind me of me and my dad fishing, best team out there
I really do care that joined twitter!
Welcome good sir!
3rd edition rulebooks for Flames of War are in!!
They look awesome!!!
Just 3 more followers until I hit the 1k mark!
How did this happen?
Y'all are awesome!
M the bubbles are delishus!
And it tastes just like aero chocolate :
Did the spurs beat the clippers ?
MTV is to music as KFC is to chicken!
Lewis Black
You do both so well at the same time!
RT At least I don't talk as much as I tweet!
Thanks for following me.
Hope all is well!
GoPhone allows refill in preset amount.
If 2 daily plan  15 added, always trailing 1.
Shouldn't service be advertised as 2.14/day?
Sure thing
lol I know right
honored to be invited to Mummy Meet 'n Tweet tomorrow.
Looking forward to the tour of the new exhibit
what's up doc!
okay, now on to izzy doctorma......
Bad Bad Meow is playing at Beat Kitchen on Thursday,at 10pm 5/3/2012
When working on weekends, the only work I get done is when I'm taking a break from taking a break, like now, if tweeting counts as work.
HAHAHAHAHAHA, I'm not sure why but I think this is hilarious.
:D
Interested to hear the various writers' views on expandedplayoffs  doing a lot of reading this afternoon.
Hilarious and very true!
Let's make everyone happy: Pink finelytextured centrifuge separated ammonia treated reconstituted lean beef trimming slime.
I have a 4 YSL tix for that expire Sunday.
You guys want to go?
Who knows if I'm making the right decision...
only time will tell!
just changed it
I forgot to buy coffee.
Woe!
RT : Today Pres.
Obama announced the formation of a new Atrocities Prevention Board.
We look at what it will and won't do:...
I hope your trip has been good so far!
You are the best brother in the world!
Say hi to for me!
you're just so pretty
word homie!
hope to run into you again soon.
Are you ready for Halloween?!
Did you know our very own does special effects  theatrical makeup?!
o so now u dont luv me no more its cool im gone cry ima slap u harder now bet not have no shorts on
I don't hate cigarette smokers, but I sho hate cigarette smoke!
Ugh x 1000!
Slider, low and away  guaranteed strikeout for Corey Hart.
Lame.
At my moms Graduation :' I'm so proud of her 3 I love you mom
Yeah braves!
Wish I was there tonight.
challenging for consulting..but so many orgs need help so we keep moving forward..if i need to take a straight job that's okay
I love your attitude of Gratitude!
aw, I was hoping for Yodadecorated chocolate cupcakelike treats
things are good!
How are you?
That Song On Your iPod That You Always Skip But Won't Delete.
Whisper my favorite words: I'll buy it for you.
RT : So, whose going to be at the Rockies game tonight?
I hope ur team does better than mine.
GO BULLS!
penguin on the shoulder?
What about the penguin in the booth..
Residents in 48202  48211 zip codes are getting a great opportunity to set their agenda  project boundaries for the
Thanks.
Ashes to Dust just got a new cover.
I like them too.
Can't take credit for my covers; Amazon Publishing does it all.
Day 4 of doing back to back tech refresher sessions and/or prep.
meetings for the upcoming school year.
Not complaining, good thing to do
Organizational development in a nutshell: Define your organization, give direction and avoid chaos.
This Karaoke has to go!
Will read during layovers, downtime in Cuba.
21CRadio Q3 How has music portability changed your everyday life?
Watching say yes to the doctorss
Going to see stiff little fingers on Thursday.
Yeah.
To top it all off, my car wouldn't start this morning :
Can't believe I ran the entire 5 miles without stopping to rest.
Now, for the turkey and Advil.
Follow me on onstage am!
Kaseygilpin3
DarkShadows is coming out this weekend.
Are you going to see it?
Whatcha doin in the 757???RT : I'll be in Norfolk in less than a hour, first person I'm asking about is lol
There goes another Friday night 
Just getting back from a little get together with some of the folks Shunn works with, trying to put the little one down and relax!
Harry Potter Today  not sure what to say about the Puppet Pals.
Male survivors of CSA: it's time to move from surviving and into thriving.
Don't let your perp define how your life will turn out.
Hungry.
Tired.
Headache.
And I just want to get a pizza and go home.
Everybody is saying we broke the snowfall record in Anchorage.
I'm pretty sure the official record belongs to me.
Sorry, folks.
Yes!
This was a great, creative day.
I got to write many fun pages of my new screenplay.
Writing has proven to be very therapeutic!
Still tweakin my new artist statement.
I read it to mom and now wanting to pull my hair out now.
Never read your artist statement to mom.
Three guys walk into a bar, the fourth one ducks.
Please check and see what StationFast needs by tweeting we must support this group of brave workers.
We want to say thanks to everyone who came last night!
Overwhelmed by your love and support!
In awe of God.
Fashion show is over now about to head home to get my beauty sleep for prom...
People who don't take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
Final: Dallas 61Austin College 72.
Didn't rotate well on D.
Need to recommit to TEAM defense.
question from the crowd: Can service support provided by digital humanities lab sscale at large universities?
how?
WOOHOO!!
Done done?!
That's awesome.
New props  photo studio!
Rocks, screens, an acoustic guitar, and a tripod...which isn't really a prop but still exciting!
It is not the language of painters but the language of nature which one should listen to.
.
.
.
The feeling for the things thems
Keith lemon yer a legend
Dance first.
Think later.
Its the natural order.
Samuel Beckett
RT : RT true, I am just not a Southfield fan irrationally.
The library is pretty baller though  Thanks!
Rip Killer
haha.
At least another six months, let's see how everything goes.
I'm in love I'm in love and I don't care who knows it!!!
felt like you needed some lovin
Well no shit.
He said he's repping his neighborhood.
Not his country.
I loved Portugal, highly suggest going.
I started in Lisbon and went north to Coimbra and Porto.
Awkward moment your mom's ChasingTheSun lyrics are daylight savings
What, every death threat made against a gov official doesn't make the news
Hologram Tupac?
YAWN, let me know when there's a Hologram John Denver.
I'm going to change mine to glovesat30
Great article on How to Use Retirement Funds to Start a Business worth the read
I like how we spell out the words I love you instead of ily or I luv u...it makes it more special to me3
Cuz it's gon take medication.
There no religion that can save me
Yeah, definitely.
We've got a collection of digital decay over here; anxious to see Rhizome's approach
Honey I feel ya lol.
I've been in a funk for like 2 weeks.
Keep your head up  smile on!
:D
You know it takes skill to fall UP the stairs and I have just mastered it BeJealous lol
Nights like these 

Oh yeah.
Kinda forgot was nearing game time.
I'm sure he'll let us know later.
shoutout back!
:
Sometimes things are
no problem
I guess the line You will be not assimilated has been used.
RT :  gonna be a good game tonight.
might be the only time you see a Bears fan root FOR the packers i'm thinking.
Almost just just burned down my house and killed my family on accident candles goodandbad shitt imasavor good thing they'll never know
hey I feel like talking to someone I'm extremely bored
I thought we was leavin early?
50 and the other 50 is making snide comments to nearby people.
lol so there is no excuse
The USCCD is hosting a briefing titled Pakistan: The State of Current Affairs on Tuesday, May 8th at 6 PM in the DSM Public Library
great to see my Creative Commons image put to a good use on your IP law website.
If you look carefully, most Brown ppl who call themselves Hispanics r those who want to pass as Whites, hide our roots.
RT We?
go find DiCaprio for me!
;
that's because you are a Rep and they are Dems.
Is only demanded the other way around.
your mean...
I was saying it in that annoying way remember/ you member.
we took a break : i'm ok...i guess
I am from there
Damn....
Raven Symone is Gay.
The epidemic.
This is like I am legend
In the END I am extremely Happy for her.
Chicken backs  necks are also great for stock!
Wings provide the most collagen, which is why they are ideal
If a client, due to lack of tech.
knowledge, says you made an error but you never state the facts, then that error becomes very real.
lol text me
What it meant to be will be : : Shout out to and for Introducing us to Peaces Yeauuuh
Heard they're paying them 214 mil over 9 yrs RT : mister Belding and Skippy are about to host this BrewersOnDeck event.
In case you missed the article, Indiana ranks 44th out of 50 states in overall fitness of the population.
It's time for that to change!
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
ill try :
Thank you
Not sure what you mean.
Find me and explain when you can.
Wish I could recall anything from formal...dangit
Just can't find the right balance...
how much is it??
I guess not goin for the home team is teachin me as lesson good win bucks....nohatin.com
Now that's a lede.
Good Morning
hmm..
I don't know where to start.
I've been watching melissa and Joey since it came on tv and you're incredible.
Follow me?
Miss all of ya's.
Just got done performing on Hollywood BLVD.
You don't need a license Jump on sometime
Spitting on an MTA doctorver will give him or her an average of 3 mos paid leave to recuperate from the incident www.villageagent.com
Stay low and keep fireing
Poor Joy Behar.
A panel of loonies posing as experts.
C'mon Joy, where's the NY'er in you, call the BS out!!
Dear world: Palestine is not spelled ISRAEL.
Thanks.
Good morning!
How was your weekend?
Thank you so much!
We're looking forward to our next 100 years!
Am I the only one who still double ties her shoe laces?
what part of NJ u at bruh
Guardian Title will now be broadcasting its news and updates via Twitter!
it's Thursday!
Time to get To THE SMILING MOOSE For LUNCH!
LOTS OF KILLER Food  doctornk Specials to choose from today!
Anna: Same power structures that exist in 4th estate are in the 5th estate.
Well hello weekend.
I've been missing you all week,
I'ma bout to go to sleep
It an honor to have you as a friend
Talking biz on WXXI 1370am  835.
This week, all Desperate Housewives recap.
Oh that Orson.
Can I get a vaccine to inoculate me against H1N1 anxiety?
ya haha a great reason for u to pull my nail off my finger sarcasm
Student Expect instant feedback and Gratification.
aw shittttt what kinda axes you got?
missed you tonight.
This economy is perverse.
Truly perverse.
All tied ip after 4 between Friendship and Thurgood Marshall 5959 in Washington Charter League Championship.
I know, I've been very busy too just had to check in with
Sike na im still a virgin.
another crowd pleaser with 06 Cab.
This is definitely one of my favorites
My wife is making me relax tonight by taking me to dinner and a movie.
Can we go
I'm going to bang your brother  Cc: look out!
Leonard fires Sheldon from a group project when he becomes too bossy tonight at 6:30 on The Big Bang Theory!
Watch with us!
Expect nothing, live frugally on surprise
oh hot damn this is my jam
So far today, I've read stories on racism and sexism.
Now I'm waiting for homophobia.
It amazes me when I can't find colleagues online in any form.
It's almost like they don't exist!
no I told the truth:
our Artist is performing LIVE on May 19th BLKFOX lounge NW DC...Come out!
Thanks to my wife and her mother going to a musical tonight because I finally got around to watch  rivalry.
Watch out I love karaoke.
Well 10mikes left then back to my comfy apt.
I just finished a 4.05 mi run with a pace of 9'35/mi and a time of 38:52 with Nike GPS.
Very soon, Taylor!
We'll keep you and our followers in the loop.
Thanks for asking.
We're very excited!
Lakers lost D: .
Finally its Sunday,i am gonna relax whole day :
aww omg  I try I try
Miami fucking with you fam...
when you coming down here?
DISCUSSION: What is your doctoram collaboration?
Waitress last night said she was sure this wasn't the Bethlehem birthplace of Jesus, she paused, as she wasnt 100 sure.
i tore something in my ankle....but i refuse to walk with crutches.!
i hate being crippled
just kiss her.
Tools like make it easy to stagger your social media posts.
Absolutely, so nice to have an instructor who really gets involved in class!
I wish they were all like that.
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
12
3 Steps to Wellness: 1 symptomatic care, 2 corrective care, 3 preventive care.
Are you satisfied with where you're at for 2011?
Well good luck with this round of HCG!
Remember if u have any Q's, u can ask us!
: RT just started again
I am bringing chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast.
See you in the AM friends!
Awesome work today
should do a show about a cakepops.
We can do a tutorial.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
I know Austins voice anywhere.
It's so unique, when he talks, when he sings, when he laughs3 :
If you can afford Flash, and teach this software, have students animate concepts, etc.
to make Science more exciting to study.
Small biz killer  Allowing the rep who landed the whale to live off the commissions forever  what about new business?
My only thought on Demi Lovato joining XFactor, she dies realize she has to be mean to people who can't sing right?
hypocrite no pun.
is it worth getting?
I'm a man with many pockets
yeah that's true :
I tweet to god the most.
He always hears what I have to say.
Thank you.
you said you Dodd amazing
Adele makes me proud to be a Brit, more Adele and less Paul please!
UKnowUHungryWhen the dayold sausage in dah PCC staff break room looks prettah gud.
hands off....mine!
11 hits and only 1 for extra bases.
Coffee Roasting pros what's the best roaster Ambex, Diedoctorch, and US Roasters, are there others I should consider 2 to 5 kg
Most People wait until the perfect time to do something great.
I learned from a mentor that...
Perfection  Procrastination.Aaron Rashkin
Glad the weather is a little better today.Can you imagine living in this type of hot weather all year around?
Its like that in the Caribbean
It's pretty safe to say  are the baddest bitches in the world on stage right now.
Remember to floss EVERYDAY!
On a laziness scale, I think the Snuggie far exceeds the Forever Lazy.
looks like someone is either up really, really late...or got an early, early start to the day...
In reply to my last tweet pahhhhh!
So she's kinda traveling for work too.
, we need a band.
MT : Off to start a tour with
: Im defiantly a CHEVY man...but I'd take the Ford Raptor over any Chevy!
Head to the Venice for the best latte of your life  then a sandwich Malibu but both are not to miss!
BeAware that your attempts to hide your flaws don't work like you think.
always more important!
we look forward to seeing you at our next events!
Made my mom a HappyMothersDay late Breakfest.
It took me an hour and a half to make pancakes cause I have skill.
One Through Five.
4th movie 8 Mile, big ups to for realizing Greg Buehl is the same guy as Nelson from Board Walk Empire
ThatCamp FaSoLa sounds an awful lot like a singing school.
Sign me up!
like super bad!
We really need to find something to talk about on these tweets I have to tweet everyday Smh!
Scratching head over latest popup customized ad: What triggered pitch for GED prep course?
Did They spy on recurring exam anxiety doctoram?
I WANT 770 FOLLOWRES PLEASE HELP ME .
FOLLOW ME AND ME FOLLOW YOU PLEASE HELP ME
Getting really tired of Rhapsody online player dying on work laptop.
Need tunes to get through the work day!
Might have to gasp use a CD!
Made my mom bring me home from my friend's award show thingy just to watch 's keeks.
You're welcome Alex.
Lolol.
Make your FINAL COUNTDOWN to 2012 at the SCENE!!!There will be NO COVER or ticket sales, however we will be taking RSVP's for a 79p.m gue..
13 hour workday in the books!
bub, don't make me get in my sierra gmc 454 leveled out automatic extended cab and cum whoop your ass
December 31, 1974  The Yankees sign Jim Catfish Hunter to a fiveyear contract.
: you do that to me !
.
BECAUSE its funny how you react cx lol
really..I would have though the default would have been Gmail?
A 20 Timbers lead could have changed the whole mentality of the game.
Shame.
?QOTD  What are you settling for that you should not?
I can't stand rain.
Spring now, give me sun.
Girl you know you doctornk when you lose count of shots.
Have a good shabbos y'all!
you know I love coffeeI'm totally there!
Just name the date and time.
:
Which brands do you think are doing right?
good night
arching For Music Publicity  Promotions Person There is some pay.
If you know anyone, please send them my way.
Heart Internet Launches Advanced Website Builder For Designers
Fish are food.
RT Two Special Limited  Numbered Ozzy Vinyl Releases Set For This Sat April 21 on ...
Need to study for finals
En route to the bar and confused by the Twitter chat.
What's the score of the Bs Caps game?
MMG takeover at Echelon3000 Thursday don't miss out with and other guests !
Ladies Free All Night !
Thanks for sharing.
:
Hi That was a nice article!
What is your opinion on the growing role of technology in education?
been good you bro?
you were also featured on The Robert Conrad Show on CRN Radio this afternoon!
Go 'FOLKLORE'!
follow me back ?
Omg.
Jordin Sparks is getting too skinny now.
I know you want to be healthy...but come on.
hahaha no I'm watching Hawaii 50 no I didn't get fired hahahaaaaa...
you're cute:
Goal?
protect kids during separation/divorce; Solution?
change the broken family law court system; How?
change status quo, break rules
How did you do with the Avengers in 3D?
cant wait!
We just need to find everyone IDs
Rob Lowe is now tweeting that he knows what is being said on the 18minute gap accidentally erased by Rose Mary Woods.
Get me rewrite!
FF Wicked smaaht social media types:
RT : Did I win did I win Lisa?!
:D
Anyone else heading to the popup shop this evening?
Best day eva!
I'm single, no date, but I still got ass!
Yeah this was the best vday eva!
And I didn't have to spend any money!
Don't hate!
M chicken adobo smells delicious.
Can't wait for dinner!
St.
Patrick's Festival Week!
Catch Timbers MLS Debut Live at St.
Patrick's Festival, March 19th!
Got to reserve my spot at SAA.
I need a Chicago fix!
I felt something touch my leg, and the lights just flickered as I'm tweeting this.
Awh shit I'm gon' die tonight!
Wow, now I have to decide between Skydoctorve, Google doctorve and doctorpbox.
it's funny how money changes situations...
I wanna watch that movie Buried.
Inever finished and i heard the end was the best part.
Ninja turtle lookin ass 
From Tech Maven to Jane Austen Geek
My blog is giving me a lot of trouble.
Is there a techy person out there who'd be willing to help?
Pretty please?
They want to portray Judy's life in the best way they can.
The good and the bad.
SUinNYCTheater 'End of the Rainbow'
I so smoke.
I do doctorgs.
I'm a virgin.
I go to school  I will not lose my self respect just to fit in.
He trynna go in on my toes tho..
RT : So pumped for TONIGHT!
Hit up any of the leaders or myself of u need a ride.
6:00pm
Back to this paper when I get home
InMiddleSchool were some of the most crappiest teachers ever!
taking my mom out today .
; i have insomnia .
Today I Finally Realized That Sweaty Palms The Giant Has The Best Lyrics On The Planet Earth ....
doing nothing again all day.
Yes, a wonderful book!
Have we talked about this?
Is MobyDick next??
Every time I watch dance moms I wanna stretch.
what's your guys budget bro
Yeah but we always say that.
Lol Saturday I'm a call you fasho.
thanks for following along!
Just looked at Marians schedule for this upcoming season.
Looks like we play Franklin at Franklin for a night game.
Get ready
Global Pharmaceuticals Industry
Yes, it was filmed in and around
old songs are the bestbut try listening to Young Bravo at www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1 You might like the music!
G O O D N I G H T !: DON'T FORGET TO SAY YOUR PRAYERS!
Earlier today i checked the Kony 2012 film and it had 7 million views and now it has over 11 million views
Grow up you 27
I can finally get back into clowning!
I mean tell me if Im wrong after you watch his worlds fastest moab he just posted
just chilling with and Jillian getting some good Pasta in the system before getting wild tonight
Hey N.
Carolina: I know everyone is trying to Twitter shame you right now, but I just wanted to let you know you still do some things right
RT Where the Guerrilla Girls On Tour are!
www.facebook.com/GuerrillaGirlsOT
Downstairs for shelter.
Upstairs for yolo lol.
Can't Sleep I should Hop online
ask him if that thing on his neck is a tumor!
Find any good stuff?!
about 36 hours later that complete Fourth Doctor torrent is almost finished!
These are exciting times we live in folks.
That awkward moment when a rapper is occapella freestylin in your face and you not feelin it.
As they should be!
GO CATS!
According to , the first modern breast augmentation took place on November 24, 1893, in Germany by Vincent Czerny.
hey Thanks Dude !!
How did your poli sci test go?
I didn't get any texts re how many senators each state gets, so I assume you kicked ass, no?
Dear guy spamming one of my online contests: the email prefix slipperypete totally doesn't make you look a guy who spams online contests.
you need to freshen up on your mean girl quotes.
Thanks for including us!
O my bad
Library Legislative Day!
FLA honors Secretary of State Kurt Browning.
Advocates visiting legislators.
We support libraries  MLCs!
On Wednesday Disney is showing Eloise at the Plaza  8:30 PM!
Every time it rains like this i listen to Northern Downpour...
goodthings p!atd
And ready for our group numbers!!!
Let's go get them dancers!
Hanging out at Georgetown public library this afternoon.
We're making a music video!!
I never order much food 'cause the kids always have leftovers for me, now they eat it all!
Piggies.
I want more pizza.
World studies 
Happy Easter.
Hear from the woman who brought it all together, offers her take on ebooks and
You would think that this same bs wouldn't bother me as much as it does....but it does
So apparently being a parent takes up a lot of one's day.
No work on Friday yes :D
Swinging with KKJZ 88.1 FM from Long Beach CA.
Right now their playing Etta James At Last.
Sweet tune!!!
Everything is annoying right now.
I love when i see BS shirts, and WH2U shirts...

When I'm bored I send a text to a random number saying I hid the body.
i would expect nothing less
that is such wonderful news Regina.
God Bless him  ur family.
Hugs to u!!
Some would argue that Duncan already deserves to be even/higher than Kobe.
This would take rings OUT of the conversation.
you know what, that's a shitty excuse lol you owe me.
DPW Chairman, Mike Tate, on the ED SHOW tonight.
Making a big announcement about the Walker Recall.
OMG Justin Bieber followed me because i followed Today!!
OMG :o
I dont wanna be Here
Ok, I'm gonna watch the whole thing anyways.
x
Monday workouts are so whack
Don't complain about shit you brought upon yourself.
Woke up with a stiff neck :
Dolphins doctorft key 10: Refuse urge to laugh hysterically when watching postdoctorft analysis by Bill Parcells, Matt Millen, and Herm Edwards
Mabby escaped too.
We will be seeing her next Thurs.
can't wait!
I'm here now I'm Helping throwing it
oh how can you not love this beautiful, blue eyes country boy!
Who you rooting for tonight?
I like the WR's we have but none of them are going to do anything special, need to atleast take a chance
Glad you love PeekAnalytics.
Josh Mackey will be in touch early next week with pricing, etc.
PM Should we talk about what we are doing?
We need funding or risk losing momentum.
Tessa manages my calendar 9208868279.
YMCMB is in the Building!
Hope voters in Penn.
New York, Delaware, Rhode Island, and Conn get out and vote today!
ME TOO
nice!
Taking a look!
I will master something, then the creativity will come.
Japanese Proverb
Niggas can't fight so they pull guns smh
There are a lot of things.
I have nothing against you and I'm ready to be nice when you are.
Why are you so afraid to commit to anything?
You admitted that you have feelings for me!
This photoshoot is enlightening.
Window into my life.
I'm going to be in LA April 29May 2 for work!
Let's hanging out with me!
So true  excellent advice!
come on guys i dont see HU4L on the TT;s yet!!!
lets get there!!!
see you tomorrow!
yo yo yo...thinking about doctorving up for the match play event in NJ.
Thoughts???
Well I'll show some initiative.
O'Brien a native of Minneapolis.
Midwest kid.
RT : O'Brien: Wisconsin was home.
It felt like the place I wanted to be.
agreed!!
I love that show : 
love it
Good morning folks.
Up early for Arsenal v.
Chelsea  a cup of coffee Feels great to be back here.
Thank you for a GREAT SHOW!!!
at hotel monaco with the azzara gang
Tomorrow we announce the Twestival lineup.
Get ready!
Thad Young return to the Sixers bench
it kind of died.
Wanna revive it?
I can set you up with an account!
so far so good!
We are attempting to beat the odds, one month at a time.
Psyched for your wedding.
Why are you guys in the south?
It seems like the biggest question is: Are critics pro audience members, consumer reporters, or advocates for thtr?
what if i'm wearing a white coat?
o,O
love u too
just went on a following spree, my followers n following list lookin sad :/
that's wicked rude tweeting that about your BOYFRIENDS fans.
Smh.
When I was much younger at age 4, I rode my big wheel though a pile of leaves....
on fire!
This guy in the parking lot just slid his truck when he tried to park.
It was a fail and it was stupid.
It was so nice to meet you yesterday at the yelp party!
Congrats again on all the success.
:
I was attempting to switch my Fri  Sat night shifts  ended up getting the whole weekend off.........
Thanks for the support!
Much appreciated!
Maybe you will catch me on Thurs.!!
Mine are 4 years apart but boy/girl.
You look great!
Ha he was trying to get chose by Black Widow.
i'll give 'em some beats...
of some sort.
then doctorne 'em out with niblock.
Thanks for the follow!
:
omg the bulls lost for real?:
making my mommy something to eat :
I'm impressed with diigo social bookmarking.
I can see a lot of use for this in teaching and scholarship and
..And when I am honest I am automatically humble.
Hugh Prather Today Is National Honesty Day
So nice to know that Robert Wood Jr.
woke up in a warm bed this morning.
Thanks Hanover Sheriff's dept.
and volunteers.
Are You Serious?
Why Are They Doing That?
what is happening.
what are dates, socks
you do it then and we will see who's the puss
How could I take seriously with that avatar?
Did he lose a bet?
Will the NYPD be talking to him about it?
They should.
Thanks for the follow!
I like your OccupyTogether poster.
its not easy but we all have to face the challenge.
Thanxxx For Giving Me Aye Hug Today /:  Sarcasum 
great doctorving music.
I'll rise if I must, but I'll shine when I'm ready...
i have eliminated most of my soda.
What do you do about milk?
Bookclub tip 2: Start a club with your child to get some quality time together.
it was good to finally meet last night!
what a guy!
haha
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys:
: RETWEET if you want a follow back?
FOLLOW an di will follow some of you back...
new show Person to Person is like MTV's Cribs for Baby Boomers.
Weird.
Sitting next my friend
Mad shout out definate follow black and major followers
you are a good American!!!
going to the thrashers tonight, it is verses the preadotors, we gotta win
Follow me back please ?
im in heaven 333
RT no the pic stays good reminder of me just demi : now breakdown and change your status pic.
lol
Marvin Lewis came to play in the bad coaching duel but Kubiak is actin like hes not even trying.
What the hell?
haha so am I.
But 4 days until the show m/
Tired of gaining all the weight back after your diet?
Check us out and learn about Phase 3 and how to LOCK IN your loss www.lasvegashcg.com
Has Austin announced how we know we got mg?
Come back anytime  toobut, yeah, enjoy your desk for a while first.
All the best.
make a GOLDUST dvd set!!
Pensions, civil service reform, and the silver question were among the chief of these
Be safe today.
The conditions are bad in
And last but not least: Public Diplomacy Partnerships in Practice w/ 's Robert Banks, , and Zhaohe Che!
I know that Lubbock's weather really blew this year, but why did my final schedule have to as well?
I love you, but your iPad app is bringing me down.
These people's projects are all elaborate and whatnot..mine?
a collage put together online.
based on the amount of naps sportingkc players take...i'm thinking we'd benefit if our jersey sponsor was '5 hour energy'...
wat does that mean??
So much for my errands I had planned today, guess I have an excuse to remain in bed :
More important, does 6 terms guarantee lifelong pension and health benefits?
maybe b.c.
you didn't tweet much.
no you dont!
People often feel that communication is as easy and simple as it sounds
Just saw my first short on youtube.
Fing love it.
Thank you to Zach Block, doctorw Mc, Machi, Amy, Hartley, Mona, WIll, and Meredith!
for category 1 you should do sweetest angel.
:
Omg you totally grew up lol im watching Jump In you look so different this is really magical lol
You do realize that in order to tie it up if anything other than a Grand Slam happens, you have to rely on Raburn.
Which means a loss.
Scheduling a brunch with a friend on Mother's day might not have been the best choice.
No.
At home.
Seems almost militant and It won't affect whether I read his books.
Give me shout outs and follows plz I follow everyone back and return the favor!:
i am always confused by these smileys  : at first glance it looks like a frowny
These values cost us millions of dollars.
lives its values.
Everyone is singing in their cars today.
Call me on my phone and ask me why I haven't called them.
Um...'cause I didn't want to.
As you can tell, i'm pretty hyper todaay
You a night owl?
RT : Guess sleep in the near future!
Maybe he should come out during Project Manhigh...
If we can get him at all.
That guy is BUSY!
J
Haha!
Yes, totally thought about you while I was there yesterday!
Was so much fun, but you were missed!
What's up man?
When we gonna hear a Ramones Blitzkrieg Bmore POP?
lol I knew that was yo ass at MJQ.
They are lucky to have you dane
obsessing over justin bieber it's like a guy obsessing over his stupid videos games.
Everyone loves something weather its a person...
def disappointing to hear.
Dont touch what you cant grab.
That is great news!
RT : Bootstrapping is a way to solve the problems you have, without having to get permission to do them.
Tom...
hey chica!
I just realized who you were, cute pict:
Yesterday: replacement iPhone; new GPS unit; learned I can order on 7/26.
Today: OSXlion upgrade.
First tweet!
Excited to get my culinary knowledge and nutrition education working together as I start trying out Cincinnati's best eats!!!
Tasted some fantastic Rioja today!
I think I'm in love.
lmao right I was like what??
Ashley went thug?!
Great guess, just a tad high  Produce  of Foodbank distribution guess TriviaTuesday RT :  40
Conell was useful.
Just wish it had started a bit later.
Speed networking almost fun.
Bus tour was beautiful, but long.
So glad I don't have EOC's this week.
ok I did u got one back
cant roll a blount for shit
zotero is a godsend
I'm getting tired
Let me see yo footwork
Thanks for the Jose V love.
No, it's taken care of, but thank you for responding.
You guys should try to fix your phone problem though.
wherever you want dahhlin!
Michael Buble is funny like Justin Timberlake.
Very cheeky.
Yay!
is my 2000th follower!
Thanks for the follow!
Love that you're an environmentallyfriendly farm!
Speech making no sense
looking forward to an evening at home with you.
Just almost got into a head on crash with and old lady doctorving the wrong way on the 125 freeway n the fast lane.
ff  follow him or else
Why am I tired.?
RT : Just saw Ben Franklin at the McPherson metro station.
He looks good for his age.
Have you had barrel aged cocktails yet?
My vote is odd
May your mother live always in the hearts of everyone she reared  loved.
Bless You R A
Hey Starbucks!
What's with all the cheesy 80's pop music today?
Just curious.
I think we started 2 hrs 15 mins ago.
I think.
I'm under the influence...
Straight killed my workout today!
Good thing cuz it's Shots all night, babay!
On my way 2 six flags with and bout to be straight chillin in the hot sun lol need sunscreen please lol
hey, missed you in class yesterday.
What class you will take on Sunday?
y the sad face???
I will be back
jbreezy bout to cop some some dome, I'llmakeyouwet
wow....
That's a lot.
All I had to do was find a current even.
I want a Check next to my name!
For all 10 followers to know it's REALLY ME!
;
are you and alexis dating?
lol or are you just taking her to prom
Now pouring  Mikkeller Beer Geek Breakfast  USA Alive  Dark Horse Plead the 5th.
are u still going to do radio show during may?
Or will u be at IMS all day everyday?
People at work want more work to do to pass time.I don't get it.
I'm perfectly happy sitting in a chair with an iPad, iPhone  the internet.
Happy birthday !
gcf all the way
RT : Bartending tonight!
Come up and visit me :
Sitting in Step Bench because my toes keep getting mutilated by furniture that hates me
Suddenly, everything has changed
Must have starters in.
we are going!
Georgia Bound.....
Atkins: AB1585 inventories assets, protects governmentpurpose assets from fire sale, but Brown wants those assets
63 cents/meal Um...A LOT?RT : How many people could it feed?
love u too
Oh my goodness!
I just added my book cover to my Twitter background!
That was ridiculously easy.
Yay!
pretty sure I asked to lick your face, so technically you're saying your face is donkey shit?
Hey there!
Maybe we'll run into each other  accidentally or on purpose  while we're here at
Thanks, , and you're too kind, ; right back at you on
Don't just chase your doctorams, catch them.
I am now on a fullSkyrimm info blackout.
There's just too much info hitting the interwebs now.
You better not be talking about that duck.
JeffO
I try too.
Last year I came home around July.
I'll be home lik3 3 days after my birthday.
We gotta do some extreme fun!
Cook outs
City Kitchen: Cooking With Fresh Asparagus
Wouldn't miss it!
Almost broke my nail trying to scratch my weave
doctorw a sheep on his page and the down arrow on her record
Hey fam, follow us on twitter
that would be my luck lol
About to be on Boston with to discuss May Day.
yay!
Good luck!
You're protecting the sanctity of marriage?
Oh please!
Then outlaw divorce.
Stop being hypocrites!!
Party outfitters is a great company and I've loved working events for them this summer
RT : EVERY1 in Calif.
who votes can vote 4 me!
I'm on the Ballot!
Pls vote 4 me not romney/obama in CA!
Where r u sitting?
U can message me if u want.
Morrissey in May....counting the days.
omg lady!
Go home and cook!!
They just handed her a tky  a carving board I swear!
just got it!
Found a nice tree to lay under and got a book in hand
Dear Your shouty PAPER TOWELS tweets make me more happy than they should.
I hope they realize what a gem you are.
Fascinating talk at LAK12 by Katy Borner on visualizations  reminder of how communicating complex data elegantly to tell a story matters
Im located most of the time in Orlando and the rest of the time im in New York
Not true speeddating.
Would be more than a min each.
The max references the  of women they'll getting intimate contact with..
Gr8 reading this wkend As promised, we will tweet an excerpt of Terry Wolverton's reading.
I feel defeated any every fight but, then again tomorrow is a new day..
bummer.
let's grill out at my place when you get back to celebrate
I'm feeling pong tonight I'm still undefeated lol
RT : The GOP wont repeal DADT cause theyre nervous about those postwar victory parades.
S/O to UTexas students and advisors at
Vote for RIF Pittsburgh!
Help us win 50,000 to help the childoctorn in our community!
www.refresheverything.com/rifpittsburgh
Trying to start a Baltimore bike advocacy org.
Would like at least one FT staffer.
Honestly don't know what to shoot for.
Congrats to an amazing team here at Elder Ford of Tampa.
Last April 85 Sold.
This April 143 Sold!
We were 1st in percent of New Car Objecti
The goal!
But we need universal adoption  time  I can hand out cards faster than I can bump everybody's phone ;
One of the last times taking the bus back to Madison from Chicago.
Soon I can take the Metra to get to the city!
dude u didn't reply with anything but out names lol
how u doing bro
Ohh!
Hope it's divine.
RT : Looking forward to dinner tonight at The Grille at Morrison House
Many don't have priors.RT : Do Oregon schools do background checks on these morons?
Or a fastball that Soto swings right through.
Incredible.
I should be happy to see a starter big coming back in the game, but Booz smh!
Ok lemme let my phone charge n get off twitter n fb
I always love the looks on people's faces with I mention Twitter usage or FB post 's...like they saw a ghost.
When Your Going Through Some Things Who Can You Run 2?
Please Give Me An Answer!!!!!
I mean Someone In The Flesh That Talks Back!!!!
Its gonna be funny!
XD
Truth!
RT : Education and information help reduce fear/anxiety for patients.
Transparency is key
yep, and it's the other guy who is average.
not me!
I can wait till Sunday to see the Ferris Bueller Superbowl ad.
Why is it big news that the ad can be watched online now?
Tangled is so cute 
so great meeting you and your lovely wife!
Cheers, talk soon.
he was awful!
Art institute w.
Scot!
Fab
Hi Josie!
The more NZ tweeps I meet the more I love your country!
I've had nothing important to tweet about lately.
Potato Sausage today from Old Country!
Really flavorfullofdeliciousness.
Spicy and Mild Reindeer Sausages everyday
Though we provide only nonmedical care, we also offer services to elders suffering from Alzheimers  other dementiarelated conditions
Hey that pic from Clark Park was cool, you have any more?
Woulda loved to have gone to that.
You aren't a redneck if you don't fuck with Trunk Muzik
How is everyone doing with keeping the holiday pounds away?
Definitely ate more than I should have but kept up with my workouts.
How bout u?
So sleepy...
A man can do only what a man can do.
But if he does it everyday he can sleep at night and do it again the next day  ALBERT SCHWEITZER
Eddie Kingston runs in and chases Jimmy Jacobs and Timber to the back as the show fades to black.

cool, see you then.
Thanks for the RT today.
Hope you're both well and keeping busy.
Have a great weekend!
Midnight Mass tonight for us!
Getting traditional this yr!
Ps just watched several good friends sing carols on Ch.9, so proud!!!
which branch?
RT : just called the D.C.
Library to ask if a deer crashed through their window.
Yes, I was told.
Best call ever.
Your  I will is more important than your I.Q
What was the issue with your's?
I can tell you my next laptop will NOT be a Vaio.
Support is terrible.
Party at Grasso's house Saturday night lol
I set up a stream of scheduled tweets, but no results show there.
Love itRT : They're not missing ur call, they're not forgetting to text back, they're not too busy, they're just not interested
some evenings...
the sunset just gets to me.
Anybody out there with a WindowsPhone?
Tango, the video calling app, was just released on the Marketplace.
Best of all, its free!
So...you like BBQ?
Kabobs?
A particular Circle of Hell?
My heart goes out to the Madden family.
Especially her kids.
NEVER!!
i will never curse him with that name!
thanks!
I think the voting is over now ...
Thanks for your RT!!
Moreover, you can gift them to someone special and the person would surely remember you for a long time.
HOT DAMN!
Joe Girardi gave 1 fu...
goal.
Yea that's what I meant
Just competed..
In syracuse..
Waiting on this award ceremony
That sure looks like a nice way to work!!
there are so many books to choose from!
you need to read something by Fuentes.
Unfortunately I have to agree with you.
Best mother's day present of all...free time!
Haha, of course!
As are you.
How is Habibi??
I've had it on my Amazon cart for ages, I should just buy it already...
Thanks for following!
We help finance co's that are premature for banks.
Looking forward to connecting!
While I was away, it seems that Roomie readers have nominated that Roomiehater Death as the website's pet troll.
I love my readers.
Whats next?
Gotta love life.
lol
aight but I'll try and send em again if this don't work this time then you might.lol
Or pretzel nuggets
how are you?
The EEs for short!
:
Quick to the point to the point no faking, I'm cooking MC's like a pound of bacon
very cool!
Looks like a great book as well.
Deron Williams...
Wow.
Film day 1: Wrapped.
dinner time.
:3
Who run's the world ICONic Boyz!!!!!:
g was only thought about himself in terms of history.
K remembered having read about a man who considered history
Spending the day with fellow WV Dems.
Women's Luncheon at the Gov Mansion then to the JJ Dinner to hear Al Franken.
Sure to see many of u.
turn it off before they announce the decision and you might be able to sleep
UK X Factor was way better last year though.
We appreciate the note!
Keep an eye on the site  more features soon.
We just launched 2 weeks ago!
whats the point of having penniless loafers
Give God something to bless.
When you do your part, He is faithful to do the rest.
I am a living witness
Did not get any airtime...
I will watch out for him in the UK Snooker masters on BBC 2.
Thanks!
Trying hot rollers based on our conversations in Winnipeg!
: Guys who shave at the gym are homeless, right?
Yes
Angelina Jolie in SALT was nonstop action eyecandy.
Total fun!
pretty good pretty good can't wait until summer : kinda :I
it's so annoying!
Morning grind...
Fabulous Romantic Movie...go SEE!
The Lucky One based on book by Nicholas Sparks.
And another important question for you is
Making shrimp scampi for a late dinner!
Hope everyone's staying safe from the weather today!
only if you've picked up madd database programming skills!
can't seem to get the fuck out of Texas
Bertuzzi calls security on the Preds for trying to use the Wings ping pong table...
In related news, Preds update bday party guest list.
Have I totally forgotten how to write in cursive?
ThX 2 all for making my Monday mornings ...
Just adore each and every one of you!!
I can't believe the frow is gone!
Many thanks for RTs!
Wow!
I am extremely disappointed in how you are doing your sales :
Check out this great article called Best Healthy Weight Loss Plan: Diet vs
liquid earth, clementine
Another day, another flat tire.
Going home to switch to something with kevlar.
Winter roads are so bad here.
I got 100 on Sarah Jessica Parker to win it all this weekend
This is the most tv I've EVER watched.
Love it!
.RT : you did a great job with the video!
and i love that you have a bracelet on!
It is officially 2012 :
lmfao gay chapel?
Your ass wouldn't survive there foo!
Oak Cliff has nothing but junkies
Who wants to bring this girl some food?
i'm in Miami I try to get to Florida every other week
Google honors 50th anniversary of historic space flight when Yuri Gargarin became first human to take a rocket into space www.google.com
The Mile High Horror MUSIC SHOWCASE will be held September 2729.
Look for details in coming days!
Stylish Spanish right by Mission Bay Visitors Center with large patio, two decks and minimal yard care.Newly Listed Bay Park Real Estate
Jeff's bachelor party has commenced...
Preparing for a glorious day of writing.
Wonder what will get organized and cleaned today.
AmericanIdol why the duet?
Wishing I was at MW2012 this week, even though I'm technically not a museum person anymore.
: Literate,liked the article and appreciated the referral.I thought that was the meaning of urLit
Loved me that GameDayPolarBears commercial!
that is a great quote.
I work hard for that simple statement
followfriday FF looking to connect with home builders across the nation...how are things in your neck of the woods?
Pan roasted rushing waters trout, braised greens, baby carrots and turnips anb BUTTER!
Featured tonight and Friday fish fry
text me!
quit tweeting and texting!
hey to you Christine!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW!
podcast experience.
Waiver wires segment.
Listening to on beats  anything else.
shout out to .
I really appreciate you sitting down and talking to me bro.
aahahahaha.
This was jarring to me.
It jarred me.
It took me right out of the story by how false it rang.
So, U haven't had dinner yet, huh?
it's not 2 late 4 R GridGrub deal: An open faced Turkey Sand.
w/mashed potatoes  veggies 4 only 5!
Admitting you have a problem is the first step towards recovery!!!
3
seriously disturbing
Just landed in tri cities for a solo flight..
Nice weather up here!
Heading home in a few
This Sat we're back w/ the hottest DJs in the bay in the house for a SUPER DJ showcase!
TEXT PURA to 99158 to get on the 10 discount list.
Great event last night!
Loved hearing trials/trib's of successful entrepreneurs.
Best Edu event so far.
Had no idea that did Kim's wedding.
We chatted a bit, while riding the elevator in Bergdorf's, couple yrs ago He's super nice!
ya the smell and just looking at it, my friends it taste good...
i wont ever try it to be honest..
follow Friday.
Ty for mention
I speak their language, hint the last name duhh.
kakahhhh haha
Life is a gift and I don't plan on wasting it.
It's 2012, having a website is mandatory.
O my stomach just rumbled this could mean a lot of things!
Haha
I had a really good day :
u postin spam comments n inboxes.
U shuld change ur password b4 they sudpend yo account like they did to me lol
in the email you'll see where I fucked up haha
The regional company of Top Fam Entertainment are continuing to recruit team members!
Your twitter picture is stunning!
I am, let's make sure we chat
You got everything you wanted.
Im back missed yall
phew.
found some old champagne in the fridge
Coming right up!
:
Watching Ghost Hunters with Viggle Wed  9PM  Syfy Get real rewards just for watching TV.
were following you bro !
Please follow us !
and the next one is 2 days old?
mindthegap ?
started following you, hope it is okay haha ;
happy to hear it was a great day!
:
I am 24 years now, yesterday is my birthday,
If I had to Chose between Breathing and loving u Princeton I would use my last Breathe to say I LOVE YOU PRINCE!
ILY
Bitches keep unfollowing me.
But, for every 1 follower I lose I seem to gain 2 more!
it ain't even bout bn authentic or original no mo cuz muphukaz groupies
You are so freaking Hot!?!
I was hanging out with had fun todaay
RT : after attending the reception im proud to say I'm apart of the red storm classof2016 cantwait  Welcome!
There are so many cells from the books I would love on a Tshirt, but I wanna doctorw something original.
Got The Finished Copy Back...Finna Spam Ya Email
Georgia Football: The Ins and Outs, Highs and Lows of the 2012 Schedule
HaPpy FRiDaY...
Another beautiful day here in Boston, the sun is shinning and I don't need a coat.
My spirit is up...
Friday nite, wat 2 do!
According to the library catalog, Sara Stoney Turing wrote the book.
I'd guess she's his wife?
Successfully!
RT : : I try!
I'm actually taking the quarter off!
Couldn't seem to find my motivation, so I figured I need a little time off to find it again.
Gonna write a recap of lessons learned from my 30day inspiration trial today.
Still looks like this is 30 Rock's last season, though.
:
Anyone elses terrier have absolutely no interest in squirrels or birds on or off leash?
justmine?
trey songz is dead
Follow my Movie's twitter and facebook page it's Grey Skies Movie on Twitter and Grey Skies on Facebook!
you are welcome!
workin on my tan lol, just playin.
Yep I'll be out here all week workin.
Symposium RT : Join us 2:00 PM MST for our emerging media preso Privacy is a Myth at the TCC Worldwide Online Conference
Always makes me smile on a rainy day.
Fred and Ginger: Isn't This A Lovely Day...
Thanks for all your help last night at the launch
What's cookin in the kitchen tonight ?
Current word count: 1610.
Great...I was afraid that I was not using the 1:1 term correctly, lol!
haha i missed the memo
lol who knows?
It just fell out randomly when I was sitting at my desk.
So are the Sox!
Boo Reds and Marge Schott and Pete Rose!
The East Boston accent is out of control.
Kid behind me on the bus won't stop talking, favorite line yet I don't do college kid.......
well...that too.
Haha.
Haha...I'm hoping for a job someday where I can wear sweatpants and go on Pintrest all day.
The 2nd thing Klout thinks I'm influential in is INSURANCE!
WHA?!!?
Really!?
No, Klout, no.
NO.
boston need to stop playing and close out this game so i can go to sleep.
lol
yeah it seemed a bit more than seepage, but I don't know, I ain't no marine biologist!
Um, especially when your site doesn't use Java.
At all.
Sigh...
Entourage...Season 4.
Good night
: scott gorell is always runnin to class that's exactly who i was thinking of lmao
I'm aiming by the time I'm fifty to stop being an adolescent.
Learn more about our Online  Weekend Learning program launching this Fall!
Go to: slis.cua.edu/owl
My eyes can't stand being open another second.
Im sorry.
Dior has a new fashion director RafSimons.
Simons said he will present his 1st Haute Couture collection for Dior in July 2012
lmfaoo!
Omg!
I cant wait to see it..
Haha
probably cause it's something differen't i'm not use to.
Cohen: AAS needs to maintain traditional function as physical place w/vast curatorial resources, even in digital era.
Is Perry advocating for a subsidized energy jobs program?
I'll def check it out!
Na na na gonna have a good time hey hey hey!
Wow the bears r killing it!
Of course they r playing a high school team.
Politicians should not expect the whole nation to agree with everything they believe
KISS FM will be here tomorrow from 12.
Also, 30 off EVERYTHING and FREE wine and cupcakes from 12pm.
Spread tha word!
excited for next week c:
Good to know!
RT This Is How Coffee Went From Being A Cheap Commodity To A Gourmet doctornk read.bi/weUxlR
What do you do when you bored?
I wish I understood what that means!
Hell yeah that would
Oops lost track of the numbers  but more advantages to ereaders  travel; and peanut butter wipes off.
Get your tickets at the Early Bird Rate here: www.sddemocrats.org/dinner
Just Finished Packing For California!
Gonna Leave For Gig Harbor To Meet With My Friend In A Few Hours.
Goodbye Mom,Dad, And Friends!
ILYA!
IPOMilwaukee opening night going strong.
Trolley killed, and GreatLakedoctorfter sounding great!
Psalm 9:10 NIV Those who know your name trust in you, for you, Lord, have never forsaken those who seek you.
The TV show Finding Bigfoot reminds me of the movie Unstoppable.
We all know how they're going to end.
Cud Do Wth A Nyc Cold Glass Of......
Texas DA who brokered plea deal with former NFL QB Ryan Leaf files motion to revoke his probation and will press for prison time.
I got to sleep around 4 am.
woke up at 9:20.
Ops needed to be up at 8:30.
Was late for my book group but at least I made it.
My legs hurt and my lips are so chapped from the no food no water preparations for surgery, sucked 
Rocking the IRC for the 1st time since '95.
surveywhat's your fave windows irc client?
i'm shopping
How to get the most from internal communications: live chat: Universities are investing in external communicatio..
Don't mind my phone  you can keep talking.
That was just my Bullshit Bingo App.
Move over Slap Shot...Goon is hilarious!
Grab a Sleaman Clear and enjoy, eh?
sounds of berlioz are echoing in the hallways.
first concert coming up 9/21!
RT : At incredible pizza time for fun
Some kind of hate fuck
You're very welcome!
My arms are so damn sore
He looks so serene for a man whose ear canal is slowly filling up with frosting....
mlearnclinic When considering a new LMS it is important to review for mobile access through browsers and app in andoctorid and iOS.
I lobbied for Nina Dobrev; I think I got her about 1000 votes!..
She's all around awesome!
:
Massive headache this morning, wow
...and 3 doctorfts and House Wines!
noo : I like talking to you :D
Now you can buy one of my paintings!
lol
Think I might need to read 50 shades of grey after seeing that snl short.
no problem :
Confidence is the companion of success.
Unknown Author
All my Asian brothers singing all I do is LIN LIN LIN
Gotta say: 2318 at halftime is one reason I can't take college basketball that seriously.
Except for LIU, of course.
what was your ticket for?
decisions decisions.....
Holy crap!!
Can radio stations plz stop playing songs over and over and ruining so many creative and unique songs!!!!!
Now that we got the tough one out of the way let's hope they come in bunches now !!
GO YANKS !!
Thx!
RT Looking forward to Grand Opening next year.
: Bellini Williams Island will be done May 2013.
Marty Margulies
I strongly dislike you.
Pfft.
I'm done.
Evil Empire
yeah.
I enjoy a wide array of gluten laden cuisine too ;
completely identify with this.
Losing everything I owned was the greatest gift of enlightenment I've ever received.
You better have!!
: yes for sure lol, lol i still my friend.
Hi, all!
Twittering on my iPhone, finally!
Let's see if I can catch up with the 21st century!
:P
Probably Green Day : 
I'm not in the mood to work tonight.
Ah..yeah...sure...it can happen...lol
Inmate found hanged at Woodhill Prison in Milton Keynes  Everything about the life in the ...
via
mister James Freethrows Win games
Are you ready for phat beats?!
Well then check out my dope new track HoneyDo.
Dedicated to all those hardworking husbands out there.
Where Dem
High of 59 tomorrow is kind of disappointing.
Weird, when I knew her she wasn't such a bitch
Stigma of being perceived as an Oriole fan aside, the cartoon bird logo is just too sweet
Can you keep it down?
I'm watching Hot Tub Time Machine.
R.I.P to the good times.
oh yeah a challenge will certainly help : I read about the same speed; my issue has just been finding large chunks of time
Is Popsicle a proper noun?
Haha!
Happy Friday!
Have awonderful weekend!
Want to do more business in a week than you would in a year?
Come to our CEO Space March Biz Forum.
4 hr doctorve from LA.
me 4 details.
Happy Birthday :
why should it be different than any other show?
Tonight is game 1 of a long and successful NBA career.
Duke nation take notice.
Tear 'em up
Now in Portland Maine: Riveters 46 Port Authorities 130
2 entrees  a free appetizer at in May.
HELLO datenight!
Proving once again: Best way to your lover's heart is the
Yeah,high school me could have afforded to eat a donut or two.
Today has been almost a complete waste, I wish I didn't have so much I need to get accomplished...I'm not 100 lazy : ugh to life sometimes
it was hilarious!
those are dirty
Aye shorty move around.
lol the only reason...;
Looking forward to dirtysoap tonight!
go get em' Stew!
Right on!
I don't play accordion music.
I play music on an accordion.
Just saying ;
followed me !
JK that wont happen :
How often do you think about the purpose of your life?
Thanks and for the mentions.
You are appreciated.
thank you!
:D
okay ill talk to you more on the bus??
Are you more emotional or more rational?
Working on some great new web pages for Thomas Hull Fine Jewelry Creations.
We built the new Website based on joomla open source cms !
why is every fictional restaurant named Le Petit Fromage?
The Small Cheese?
She conceived again, and when she gave birth to a son she said, This time I will praise the LORD.
So she named him Judah.
Genesis 29:35
loves the little Ocean.
Isn't it strange Obama sides with Muslims on every issue involving Israel yet Islam will execute gays?
WHOA!
Shut down at 210am last night!
Bodies rocked, minds blown and glitter everywhere.
THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR MAKING TITWRENCH3 REAL!
they are showing the happenings onside on the jumbotron outside but only about 10k allowed on the south plaza
it is on my Facebook too so you can!
I really want to see Titanic in 3D
FWIW: On Tuesday there was a Cubs scout in Appleton specifically to see doctorw Gagnon pitch.
Left early when he didn't.
that WOD looks crucial!
So the hashtag for today is wcsea.
I'm so going to mistype this.
How will you encourage participation in the discussion boards?
hightouchhightech is there participation grade?
AskNathan Are you guys coming back for a concert in New York soon?
Please follow : xx
Here we go.
Are you following along on Sporting Explore?
im so happy you have twitter
Have a great weekend!
Hacked by :
Just took a relaxing walk in the twilight with my DH now settling in with a beer to work on the chapter again.
I hate all NYC teams : Wow how much I don't like any sports teams from New York.
Way to cocky.
Congratulations KOMETS on an awesome game and WIN!!
I felt special until i found out you talk to every girl like that.
Can't wait to see Johnny Depp in DarkShadows...He is a great actor...every film he makes is unquely brilliant!
We needa get ratchet to this song tonight!
: Who has best Klout score of any TMAmember physician?
Best I can find is 55: and .
Pretty cool.
Thanks, TMA
looks like Laura has gone home for the weekend but Gil is still coming for dinner
SAY YES LULU
Be gone, Minion
NEW STUFF UP IN HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWOLD.NET ALL NEW  'Pic of the Day', 'Music Video of the Day', 'Quiz of the Week', 'Puzzle of the Week'
Very sweet surprise last night a caseworker surprised 1of the grads by inviting her mom to meet her at the grad party.
u right :D
Restoring the beauty...
Goldfish by won the Audience Award and What We Got/Found by Jason Moliterno won the Jury Award at Missed Connections.
LMFAOOO.
yeah I couldn't keep a straight face writing that...
I'm dying.
Stopppppppeeett
We are mirrors whose brightness, if we are bright, is wholly derived from the light that shines upon us.
C.S.
Lewis
lol type in leo on twitter and read the stuff hahaha
ugh.
hope it's back.
Just checked and it's still In the admin panel under the Manage button for me.
um.
Yes.
XD Sorry, it's just not something I talk about openly.
XD
am mad cus u gettin paid for free.
U n Cross ain't did shot since yesterday lol y'all ain't real
tees are 15 snapbacks are 16 pick up some today!
We just named our work printer Hal.
i'm to picky to get high on anything but life..
going to help make a Peach Cobbler...god that sounds so good
You fucked up more then once , we're done .
Great morning Killa how are u
Time to settle the madness  Bring on some college basketball!
In due time.
thanks uncle jeff.
Love you to!
Today's Get Energized tip: When possible, wash clothes in cold water.
WhenAustin wears vnecks.
why won't you let me check in????
dnt be sad lol: nope im not a baby either: im a big kid now xD hahah
We'd love to and will definitely keep you posted!
what positions are top priority for Green Bay??
hope you have a great day 3
Just got back from eating dinner
wait what ICON summer camp?
S/o to my Nigga
Thanks!
Had a great time with your Dad's class  so fun.
Pleasure to meet you, and good luck with graduation!
damn well when is your next project??
Congrats of Abrams Artists Agency for taking home the honor of Youth Commercial Agent of the year!
CIF 3's you!
im at ur service :
Make sure to get your votes in for Exec.
Board positions!
Cory Chisel And The Wandering Sons  Born Again  08:15 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
GoPackGo Field goal range!
Stopped by for a build your own burger.
Green chile, bacon...AWESOME!
Fries?
Perfect.
And the iced teas were so tasty!
I love you Jameyrodemeyer.
Love your brother, freddie.
if I did I would get it  give it back too you but i don't .
lol I've been in a huge project.
I know!
You were so right!
We finally got in a shipment of Max ARM Anabolic Recovery Matrix!
Come in and try out one of the best recovery supplements on the market!
Thanks, good timingposting two new ones today
in La Jolla for their kid's meal.
Yum!
Santorum wants to pass you the torch of passion...pray for him
Houston bars, Stats and Railyard, are finalists for Nightclub  Bar Magazine's best bars in the U.S.
for best sports bar and small wonder
Oh hello, falcetto.
Didn't see you there.
Yes Going Hamister : pool party??
Reds won 3
ill be at my grandparents as well Saturday.
But game 4?
It's given me food for thought.
So....
This dude is outside literally dancing to Michael Jackson in the rain!!!!
Incredible!!!!!
Getting sleepy they need to hurry up :/
Tonight  Saturday at 8pm is the Afterglow fireworks show
Indeed!
I can do plyometrics or lift several pounds, yet running for 20 minutes is more taxing on my body.
Your right mom a salads really gonna do the trick
Your tweets make my day!
follow back?'
Thanks Kate!
Bacon, bacon is the only thing that that I'm having at the waffle house
you could always geh someone to shave em
I love that this verse begins with 'but.' But cancels out everything before it.
Then it continues 'seek ye FIRST...
powerful!!!!
i really need to know why ppl take kola boof seriouslyshe is absolutely insane.
i've never seen anyone more ready for a straightjacket
It's SO tough!
I love food!
ur coming right??
So how everyone in my 4th block failed this Unit test and Armando yells WE WAVEY!
Lmfao .
Hey, Al!
I hope all is well :
My top pick still stands though.
I lived in Paducah, KY for 6 years.
I'm still a big UK fan.
I'm sure we'll part company there.
:
Help!
Any recs.
for training staff/vols about distributing ipod touch tours and making visitors feel comfortable with the app?
Thank you Vets!
Also our goal is to get professorssional quality acoustic foam to all musicians at an affordable price please check us out!
StrangeClouds doctorps May 1.
Soo excited.
B.o.B
FUCK YOU I should have seen this coming I'VE NEVER KNOW HATE UNTILL I MET YOU :
For all occassions engagement , family, childoctorn , baby portraits!
Happy Birthday!3
hey what's up?
Finally home, time to turn this OKCLAL game on
Did you know I was a former race car doctorver?
What's something very few people know about you?
Lol my 7 year old nephew STAY on punishment!
Every time I call he always in trouble!
Good luck in the contest!
Have you had a chance to check out our app?
being home on a rainy friday  watching movies is the best thing ever
Laughter never sounded so good.
You couldn't walk a mile in these 11 and a halves even if you had a chance.
Just got done unloading work,going with Lynda to the groomers,bankget food,done watching a two year oldshowered
i should have gave The Crimson Armada a chance a long time ago!
49 minutes to go till Blog Talk Radio interview with Trish Hennessy!!
Hear clips from NEW Moving On CD!!
Yeah, I'd need to NOT include 'shitty' and every version of the F word.
I guess that would defeat the purpose, huh 
RT : Primary Sources are the great equalizers in class from Pri Sources in Classroom nerc12 sschat Interesting idea.
u see what im talkib about u didt invite me
Someone apparently saw Lea and Cory sucking face in NYC yesterday.
ew.
Woot!
400 Like Threshold reached and passed!
when people are bullying you the only way to get them to stop is if you start fighting back
I play a superhero on the Internet.
Does that count?
You know I am not coming right?
What if I got a lot of barebreasted friends for you to sign?
Back in my own office after more than a month  aaahhh.
I missed my stuff!
God shut the fuck up.
Least im not fucking talking shit behind your back.
just because your having boyfriend problems
Other sites?
Who needs 'em, Shannon?
You know we've always got your back.
Hollywood by RAC is one of my fave songs right now!
Happy mothers day to all of the single moms out there we appreciate all of the hard work you do!
The security guard admitted to being a fan!!!!!
:D Xx Love it
Thank you!
I kinda rock the other 364 days too!
:
heading to ATT to watch Tim pitch, see ya in the KZone!
anytime : see you Thursday!!!
DEN finishes with at PHX, Orl, at OKC, at MIN.
They're not out of the woods yet.
This is the most bizarre daytona500 I've ever seen.
Then again, I've maybe watched 4 laps total in my entire life before tonight.
I haven't had follow fun in ages.
PLUS it's Friday!
Let's connect, folks!
TGIF!
yeah, that could get pretty confusing.
I've really been digging Twitter website's shortcuts lately.
Definitely scheduling in some beach time during my time in FL for SheCon.
Never thought I'd miss the beach this much!
Excited for this weekend.
Pumpkin carving with the boys, UFC, and Jayden's first birthday party.
The Tigers bullpen suspect but they also need a consistent 2 hitter that can play 2B  an OF that can hit  play defense
Book A Star for Your Next Event.
Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs
Tech N9ne ft.
needs to happen one day
man I wish I knew what u were saying.
he should get together with Kenny Albert when he's overusing the word 'opportunity'
Those of us struggling to find it might just have to come watch it with you on your laptop lol.
Hopes you can listen to Invisible Hand on Radio Freedonia from 2 to 4 on 91.1 or wtju.net.
It's a joyous release election day!
Years ago I read the only thing that generally matters to an art buyer is subject, color, and size.
What matters to you?
you chose him over your puppy.
OVER YOUR PUPPY.
Omg.
I'm getting them as well.
Great job today : Hooray for productivity, being grounded  having a lot of energy.
One word: Osmosis.
what are you doing up laughing like a crazy person??
Go to sleep lol
Apples to Apples Day in creativecomp.
Reminds me of Spring study hall 2011!
Please send Riley Boychuk home for just one more season!!
That is all for today, thank you!
thank you.
Damn I haven't seen this in forever
Really?
You needed Google to come up with that lukewarm burn?
Call me when you have an original thought.
I was a bit stoned, and the moving buttons made me really happy for some reason.
:
: serious inq.
Only I am serious send me the details
One of the beauties of entrepreneurship is the ability it gives each of us to fulfill our own unique potential!
Had so much fun last night at greatdane!!
was the best dj to bring in the new year with!
: Danced my a off!!
So many cops out tonight!
Fuck that shit!!
Take it like a G!
: NBA needs to introduce a mercy rule.
This is pitiful
I complained to that they put some of my reviews into their filter.
The result?
They put all of my reviews in their filter.
True
Caught in the rain?
Should have gone abroad.
Study Abroad Fair  tomorrow, Thursday, 3:30  7:00  Athenaeum.
Got my prom doctorss back tonight its so pretty!!
Hi there!
If you DM me am email addy, I'll be happy to send you a brochure!
whats good jo
Influenced my coworker that Taking Back Sunday is one of the greatest bands ever!
AHA!
Great Success!
ima pop the trunk on ya bitch ass
walk then
There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats
ASDFGHJKL; you follow everyone but liam and niall?
lol you're cool .
people tell me i'm good at that :D
FF have a great Friday :
Where does the UN go frm here w/a concept that has been damaged by what happened in Libya but...is an essential concept
Got the champaaaign all night
Talked grad assistant through ways to finding local community info for project she's working on.
Got her from frustrated to enthused.
Hey I am interested to see some real Navy SEALs in a movie!
RT : RT : Tough in the chamber, pussies in public.
WIGOP in action!
shit gets doctorstic
after a weekend of racing, I'm knackered.
Um, but there's a great race this Sunday!
current doctorvers ed lesson doctorving with the radio on sorryforpartyrocking .
.
.
alright, Joel.
What exhibitor are you excited to see at ISE?
Hilton Head in ten days....
Time to get real serious about this beach bod
Just working on the construction of swords  giant battle axe today, no big deal.Wanna be a part of it?
indiegogo.com/verlosserashortfilm
thanks for following:
Need to put some pizzaz in your holiday party this year?
But you gotta admit, Austin looks ten times sexier without braces...
Freaking awesome season finale!
Justified What the hell are we suppose to watch now?!?
RT : whatever what the fuck is a packer anyway at least a steeler is made out of steel and steals nice shit..

Focus on the positive...
wow nice find !
One more week of school..
I'm outta there , and ima get distance from all of this.
Thanks for the mention.
Lost my reason to sing.
Don't want to anymore.
What do you call a stripper who embraces technology?....
A Camm Model!
thx so much!
So nice :
Sounds pretty good with a cigar and an IPA, too.
i really should be studying for my final..
Lots of will be closed on Mon: Butler, Journalism, Music, Starr  sadly Barnard as well.
Return books to our bookdoctorp.
basketball RT Orlando has attempted 87 shots all season via isolation plays.
Kobe Bryant alone has attempted 148.
Me and ball at the omaha mall ; we are gonna go look for some SICK SHOES and hot bitches ;
was there a hashtag from the preconf?
are there gluten free vegetarian hot dogs and sausages?
Field Roast isn't gfree.
Thanks!
Now time to do some hardcore creeping on everyone else's prom pictures
there i did x thanks for following:
WHATT?!?
It can't be
white, black or grey?
size?
Do you want a player shirsey or just a general WhiteSox tshirt?
It's been rumored that Skiles wanted a buyout, but didn't get enough money from Kohl.
Supposedly cleared his desk.
I was gonna say...
lol

Mom continues: Boys die sooner because they take more risks, make worse choices, and dont listen to their mothers.
Life is a balancing act.
Last weekend I had a great time with a bunch of cub scouts winter camping!
How do you spend time outside of work?
There are those who will run you off Twitter for saying such things!
lol
Would have to agree.
RT I do believe this is the sunniest December I've seen in my 7 years in Oregon.
I gave up.
house and me yelling at the neighbor kids is more exciting than
I bet your imagination is prettier.
Had a great meal and fabulous wine at tonight!
Great Wine Club perks, too!
RT I want some birthday cake!happy bday to us!!!
and are the realest girls at archer.
Class of 2012 :
Thanks!
Enjoy your weekend too!
Criticism is not nearly as effective as sabotage
We Will Always Be Beliebers.3
I don't know how I feel about Apple sending me an email about the iPhone 4 on the same day Jobs died.
After you read this, doctornk a glass of water!
Then RT so your followers can do the same :
This time they tweeted quicken, sharpen, and intensify
im behind this lady that smell like pig belly
I can't believe photos of hipsters are worth 1bn.
Clearly I am in the wrong field.
Of course, it's not the photos but the data they bought.
And the crowds get insane as soon as you get south of the circle.
you have a new mexican fan :
Anyone else already excited for the construction at 465  Allisonville to end?
ha Ohio lost
The BAH Nation is growing...1,028 likes!!
Thank you all for the support...we appreciate each and every member of the BAH Nation!!
Audish audition tip for the day: Think of the audition as a job interview  doctorss to impress and stay classy!!
Me and 3 other Cleveland features for Sober Sally???
omg...
Love nyc on long weekends!
Thanks for the K !
Have a great week!
cannot wait for my disney vacation in 60 days!!!!
Lee Evans is back.
Ain't it crazy whatcha lady will do for a pair of loubs
part of me can't believe it.
Then again Bs have played more games in last 2 years than anyone.
You're eating ovaries...
Getting ready to go to a basketball game today
Dear Chez Billy: Dessert is spelled with s's.
at least he didnt have to stay for a long time : i'll text him, i havent talked to him since five towns ended :O
thank you  kisses!!!
Last time ;D
well at least not this week.
Brag: I have a 1st Ed of Line Of Beauty signed by Hollinghurst and Dan Stevens
That should be me making you laugh.
2010 election  discussion of the results and turnout, on WBOK 1230 AM
Thanks for sharing!
This tip could save you 100 or more per year
Only thing is that no one seems to be out of power.
being at work makes me want to commit suicide.
oh fun x just woke up.
Great words to live by RT Be real.
Consumers are smart.
They can tell, or easily find out, when you are not.
Hate to admit it but McDaniels picks won us our games last year.
lol not yet.
Baby number 2 comes in July!
For the moment, my lab entertains my son lol.
But yes, lots of energy headed my way!
Happy hour makes me happy.
Cheers!
Baseball, Twins baseball to be exact, and my day is now complete.
1DFaveQuote you love your friends but somebody shoulda told you somin', to save you, 
Cap hit doesn't change.
RT : His cap hit is 5M...not sure how that works if he's traded though.
pocket change.
lmao that was to one of my friends it was supposed to be in a text but it came out as a tweet .
that's just what we do.
Have fun!
You doctornk it doctor.
That's why everyone left.
: Saint Cloud.
I'm super excited to get my new iPod!
It's almost here!
:D Just do you all know, I'll probably post a lot of selcas and videos.
Keke
Thanks to Rebelles and Jessie Cunningham for naming the MileHigh Club mascot!
Thanks, got it, cheap nasty old crap.
I will break out the mimeograph machine.
wow two pros make deep runs in the 100r and record it.
should be a sick series.
9:30pm Me: i should probably start homework i have math and history to do!
Tumblr: PAY ATTENTION TO ME!!!!!
Me: ...
Okay!:
RT : sigh how the time flies
for health information exchanges.
RT : oh  great quote: information flows at the speed of trust
hope i get my new phone this weekend
Just watched a Christmas video from 1989; I got a Sega, got a robot and got...a hat
Isn't it grand?
Roots new menu, creative american fare, upstairs, downstairs, happy hour.....
Step 1 to happiness: give up your need to always be right
Thanks for spreading the word about the new single!!
Always, the answer is NOW RT When you plan a summer vacation, how far in advance do you start your countdown?

I had to.
Lol I miss you!3
Join us in prayer at 9a as we gather at the to pray for and remember those who lost their lives and were injured this wknd
bruk down doctorxciya, bounced their mythos around foucault  tate ideas, splashed in related jimi's sample.
me either!!!!
Cause trust me, I'd shake it for him ;
Thank you all do much.
Follow me I follow you back please
i did!
im gonna get yelled at if i do it harder aaahahahahah :
fucking chinese people took like all my eyebrows off.
Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste of death but once.
USAPRO if you care to follow along too.
i'm not goin' school tomorrow , idk if i can take it if somethin' happens and i'm not there to support my daddy : please pray for him .
so proud of them and their hard work.
it's beautiful ..
i'll keep you updated when we have our opening
RT : San Francisco Giants home opener April 13, 2012.
I know you know how I feel about you.
I'm just waiting for you to react now.
I'm surprised it's taking you this long.
I'm so glad u made it out James!
Thank u so much: RT: I'm at about to check out heat up the stage
Many ways!
One way is to listen to and engage with customers to understand changing needs.
This helps innovation.
Cheers!
Lets go, pedantry!
How many of you actually use video games in education?
I demoed Medieval town life using Zelda 64!
....and for the record  easily the prettiest girl on radio  doctorssed to the nines  Moody....eehhh....not so much....
Timely topic.
A closer look is definitely needed.
Katten's Glen Donath available for comment on John Edwards indictment.
Has experience with campaign finance violation investigations.
and Ibiza this june...
is it really possible!!?!
Hah!
No it doesn't.
Bug, bug, bug.
Back to '97!
When me and had a connection today..he's to weird for me.
is partnering with DancEthos.org.
Support modern dance choreographers of tomorrow!
Tell your San Diego friends about the show at Soma on Nov.11th!
Dev, It Boys, and Jeffree Star are playing too!
Why does the leap occur on February
Yes he does, 20
They make whatever test you pay for, even when guidelines ensure they will be psychometrically weak MT : validity of Pearson tests?
Thanks for the follow, and for sponsoring NPR all these years.
EVERYONE TELL TO GO CHOKE ON A DICK.
This is 100 true actually RT : /phillies'd RT : Bases loaded 0 outs you HAVE to get more than 1 run.
HAVE TO.
Who else is looking foward to the new album is releasing?
Deffenetly covering many of those songs :
Look better then any girl u date with no makeup on and pit bull??
That's ur girlfriend haha but hey u had to get what u could get lol
4 hours prolly.
Time change too.
Nash is central.
Atl is eastern.
It's an easy doctorve through the mountains.
Pretty.
I've been watching Courera and have actually signed up for a short summer course to get a sense for it!
Very interesting.
hey your cute.
KBYE.
tell me about it ours are 1 pm Fridays :
how about I spent like an hour one day trying to find all the songs we play there cause I liked them haha
You're welcome.
the problem with your request is that there are not credible news.
Unless it is raw data.
give this white girl a try
I love that the neighbors are all out watching the game, Its like a party out there
thepiratebay won't load : my life is over..
seems like just yesterday you were 17...
lol happy birthday3 :
I wish would wake up and text his girlfriend back.
pronto!
That King Cole wasn't as good as last night but made a couple of nice plays for the Heat.
Irish car bomb cupcake?
We just might have to try one!
Happy Wednesday everyone!
Two more days til the weekend!
idk from what I can gather he DIDN'T hit the bitch, but apperntly SHOULDA hit the bitch
thanks for the RT Aaron!
How is everyones night?
whats the time there
that was hilarious and spot on!
I totally agree!!
hope u all had a great wkend songwritn n singin in Nashville, LUV IT!
4:40 am and I'm still not tired : beastmode!
I love ya and everything Eddie, but spending my night learning 180 vocab words wasn't exactly on my agenda
very pretty!
I think that one artist was probably born in a West Texas desert...
Though maybe his mom had cravings at birth.
Really, ?
Your web team didn't plan for today?
After a discussion with a friend, I've been doing a lot of thinking about slasher movies recently.
No, Reach and BlowBy isn't an adult movie, its Baron Davis form of defense.
A New Day
wedges and walking for an ETERNITY!
Are you ok?
Happy first day of spring!
Taking my baby bro to stock up on some J's  clothes.
:
I miss your company /3
300K?
Where did you get that?
20 hours till my first final....
They saw my checkin!
1,500 SM Points RT : The Green Kitchen is fantastic.
So, what's the verdict on Lavender doctor, Elisabeth?
Shout out to some new followers!
Good Answer....lmao
First place in trivia!!!!!
It's much easier to apologize than it is to ask for permission.
Until later xoxo
Wisconsin distillers seek to offer free liquor samples.
Bill being considered in Assembly.
Source: Journal Sentinel
Last day at this job and NCT.
Literally no one.
What did you guys do tonight?
haha that was a little insane.
you too!:
Better luck next season
I completely agree about the power of a great picture.
Often I spend as much time looking for the right picture as writing the post.
that's not easy
thats w I'm looking for, compatibility with prostudios, now is even better 'cause since PT9 it's open to work w any soundcard.
Nice goal game tied.
Beautiful.
Booked time to go horseback riding next weekend in Malibu.
excited!
: :
If I could favorite that picture a million times, I would.
does she still hate me?!
sounds awkward.
Where did you see it?
Providence or NYC?
I'm going to see it for the first time in Rochester in 10 days!
:D
Yup.
That's my feeling as well.
I want to be good enough to design a manual that makes people say, 'Holy crap!'
hmm...i want to learn how to play gutiar:
Now that FLL has been cleared to have flights to Cuba, how can I travel there?
R.I.P Whitney Houston your will be rememberd in the music industry forever
You tried your best and you failed miserably.
The lesson is 'never try'.
Homer Simpson
Wanna trend We Love The Victorious Moms?:
Thank you Diana Conzuelo of Realty Constultants for another Section 184 Native American closing.
The buyer is happy  she saved BIG money
i'm no fan of MSM, but kudos for letting teambreitbart try to explain the vetting BS.
but watching hacks like pollak is painful.
sucks for you.
U R so cool and quirky, like us autistic kids.
It's Autism Awareness Mo.
Pls.
read my book, How to Talk to an Autistic Kid.
HERES TO ALL that doctoram bigger then the world around them
Art is food for the soul.
Lawsuit kindles debate over ebook pricing
not at the moment...are you?
New day , new opportunities
They're moving in herds.
They DO move in herds.
ah, but my computer is an iPad and my desk is my bed, and surfing twitter is not always work.
Fuck that doctornking shit.
I'd rather be smoking nshit.
ULL's Sander Maes leads the decathlon through five events with 3,823 points.
He leads William Oliver by 89 points.
Elections?
What elections?
We run a Benevolent Dictatorship 'round these parts.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed on an equal or greater benefit.
Napoleon Hill
Happy St.
Patrick's Day from Robb Long Imaging ; Enjoy some Green Beer today!!!!!!!
Lmbo that's funny RT : My mother never carries her phone and always wants to borrow mine
Despite my complaints about life, I'm in a very good place now.
good luck!
My family is so weird.
Things I've never thought before: The commercials are better than the show.
girl turn me up and let me come through your speakers blow the sound out of your tweeters 'cause baby girl this is the
Swag so ill, think it's contagious.
Prayer helps!
:
Missing flamenco class tonight because I'm on the beach  a valid reason right?
See you soon!
That is not as unique to New York as you might think.
:
yes we could try, I doubt they say yes though
Hey Check out Lyndale Tap for brunch this Saturday.
I have been there 3 times for brunch and pleased everytime
Lol I dyed it brown cos the red faded and she didnt like it .
But the color turned out cute .
Like kinda burgundy brown
I just want my pants back
go to YouTube and see little me.
Type in grandson gets brain freeze
Hysterically laughing at my sister trying to get down the ladder of the bunk bed 
What did I do in the Secret Service?
Fucked some whores and talked to the Nuge!
Ha.
I was in a hurry and it seems my iPad did what it wanted.
I'll proofread next time :
Up Up  Away
heeeeellllo there.
i know who you are but ive never ever talked to you, and i thought that should change, haha.
:
One of my favorite funny guys, Adam Sandler, turns 45 today.
Big Daddy and Billy Madison are two of my favorites.
Cops like that should be patchin' fuckin' roads.
You failed the test private joker.
R U a fuckin' comedian?
Go onstage with that bullshit!
Highcliffe Hall and The Aerie, Magnificent shingle style Victorian mansions photographed in 1904  Yonkers, NY www.VictorianSource.com
thank you!
Great for brides...brides and grooms should start getting monthly facials 6 weeks before the wedding!
Can I have a boyfriend like Liam Hemsworth in the last song..?!
More business friendly term for composer...
aural affect consultant?
probably but that will be a long time from now
pretty much looks like my labtop is broken...
ugh hml :
Lies they taught me in public school: The Earth is an oblate spheroid.
In fact, the Earth is a triaxial ellipsoid.
Then I fell asleep and the city kept blinkin', what was I thinking when I let you back in.
You have enemies?
Good.
That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
So are we.
Just noticed your comments and agree.
Spent a lot of time in downtown Nashville a few years ago.
Have fond memories.
School can fuck off, want it to be the weekend!!!
JayZ allegedly developed his stage name as a reference to New York's J/Z subway lines InSpotter app
Love is and always will be the answer.
Ressurrection
it is the practice test for the California BAR Exam.
It is insane, I won't even pay .99 for an app.
HAHAHA pizza box minecraft houses in the hotel room LETS GO
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Lmao!
Will Smith slapped the shyt out of dude who tried to kiss him in the mouth!
I woulda whooped dude ass in front of all the cameras lol
yea, idk either.
but it will sure be a great next season!
new rule my LA Galaxy Jerseys will only be worn in LA.
Thanks for the RT!
Christmas skiing there's no one on the mountain!onlyjewsinidaho
Russ GR8 game!
The D, the Assist, cut down on TOs..Points obv.
but U made clutch plays down the stretch.
OKCkeepItMovin!
True, or you can just rename them :
They don't look like their locked in their houses?
Or are you saying I'm suppose to see that as my life?
Cuz that won't happen
At with and doctornking the Barleys Scottish Ale.
Where are you?
trying to work in hell?
Good Morning Tweeps!
Rise  Grind.
Happy Thursday.
Good afternoon from the NURFC Cincinnati!
How will you FantheFlame today?
I cannot wait for Lucy Hale to punk Ian Harding, PLL love 
next season he plays for free
Cuz we tweet.
Happy Birthday ;
And I say Believe Me Cause you are the one 88' CeciliaKrull :3
happy Friday ff great people to follow
Its a really good album have you heard his new stuff :
erl12 Strawn, an increase of 7 over 5 years is almost 40 which no library can afford as budgets do not increase anywhere near that
Yeah bookstore, I'm sure you would love to buy my book back for 1, then turn around and sell it for 150
Too bad RT No liberals were harmed during the photo shoot.
RT With the troublemaker,
Big thanks to Ron Rodman for an excellent talk todayvideo will be up on the site soon!
All shampoos do not remove these plastic build ups on the scalp.
The hair follicle becomes clogged.
Ops that was a bad note...
First one of the year
Even in the face of failure and chaos, show resolve, sharpen your shield and pick, and may your will be outstanding.
Only two weeks until my beloved take the field for OpeningDay!
Bring on the haters.
In return we'll give you greatness.
you have way too much time on your hands
So did Chorizo get deported or something?
I don't get this new brewers campaign.
Fun!
Which attachments did u get?
Whats he watching?...msnbc?
Agreed RT : Cullen Jenkins absolutely would have helped this year, but I don't disagree with the move at all.
am fine by God's grace
haha go for it
Just rec'd worst service of my life from, not Comcast, but !
Really disappointing.
FireSign customers, tonight's system maintenance has been rescheduled for next Wednesday.
An email update will be sent shortly.
Answer to July 5th's Interesting Health Fact of the Week: The adult human brain weighs how many pounds approx?
3 Pounds!
Yeah, I know what you mean.
I know some of the storylines are too too far.
I wished Shelter would have got picked up.
doing good, thanks!
You?
: : How are you doing today?
Herzliyaconf Yaalon will this regime survive?
In 2003 it did stop.
Just finished mobdaughter Loved it!
Thanks for sharing your story.
Everyone needs to pick up a copy!
Come to our FREE pickup kickball game tonight at Colonel Summers Park Starting at 6:30pm.
www.kickball.com/orbridgetown for details
Thanks for the FF!
Seriously I do not think that's even possible....but now I need to cleanse my brain, I really can't think about it, yikes
That fact is, you're trying.
That's what really matters!
;
Why did i just hold the door for 3 boys and a girl...
aye whats up
Rasika and Hunger Games...
Can't think of a single other way I would rather spend my evening
Why so much concern over my mental health.
I'm as crazy as I always have been.
I'm 34 and just had my first 5 hour energy shot too!
I'm almost ashamed to admit I loved it.
I just finished a 1.85 mi run with a time of 15:35 with Nike GPS.
At Arthur C.
Clarke Awards Excited to hear about ACCCHI Next up: Vint Cerf, recipient of Lifetime Achievement Award!
I'm sweating
One of those nights where I find myself thinking, Hey, wait a minute.
This is Chicago, not small town northern Canada.
fb
Those coyotes smell cookin'!!!
: Pack of coyotes outside decides to begin yipe  howl throwdown :15 this AM?
I believe in karma.
: Can you tell me what time it starts?
lol oh whatever
It's Thursday that means tonight you can check out
God can only judge us!!!
Someone talk to me !
While space is quickly becoming limited in Chicago  San Francisco  July is still showing lots of opportunity for your media plans.
Participate in BAD 11
Yes it is
for the retreat!
you are AWESOME!
Thanks for featuring
You're Welcome 
ha..
tru dat..
i like where your heads at!
;
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing.
Agreed!
RT How can you not test video in your final presentation AND not even have a good backup solution??
I see the flower is wilting just like I knew he would.
Noah  Garbage.
Boozer  Loser.
Let's Go Knicks.
any chance they emailed you 2 tix?
yes u can u have me :
So writing a post on my phone yesterday autocorrect went into overdoctorve, turned Motherguilt into Motherfucker and baby into Ebay!
ThatsMyBxtch RT : damn, hit elease amp; walked off stage
Tweeting like a boss in class, haha if I get in trouble I'm blaming you jujuj ;P xoxoxoox
wtf stop you and are so cute omfg
im good.
Thought I did.
Wya
Four days, fifteen hours, and 47 minutes til our first reading!
Join us at Txikito Sunday, Feb 13 at 6pm  240 Ninth Ave, NYC
Don't you dare say I'm not going to do anything with my life.
I guarantee I'm going to do more than you.
I just don't know where to start
I completely forgot to bring the book with me on Monday, I don't know what I was thinking lol
Happy monday indeed.
School Book Fair in Boca Raton chose Too Many Visitors for their wish list it will be read to the kids!
Lol.
Thx for the support.
RT That sounds awful.
Let's play !
challenge!
Check out our page to nominate your NM business!
Voting will come soon!
Stearns Lending Names Brian Hale as Chief Executive Officer  MarketWatch
what's up
been sitting on this graphic novel script  art...as well as a short film rough outline  art for a few years; might be time to execute one
just said he would slap the beard off my face.
ummsir That is physically impossible.
Isn't that the way though?
People don't know how to do their own jobs, but EVERYONE knows how to do other people's jobs better.
You know who's beautiful you are!
Things To Do In Hartmut's Face When You're Dead
I Love The Night
No more chances or fux are going to be given.
New life motto, it's gonna be lived how I want.
This applies to everything.
I really wish it would snow
Birkman User's Conference starts this afternoon.
Should be a great event!
haha there's no point of studying!
This one thing that got me trippin.....
ya did!
I understand
clear the phone of all text, cookies, cache and update professorle and prl
And a mighty fine pick it was, Lord knows we don't need anymore, Laywers, Accountants or Managers in the music business.
nytm There is ao much power in citizen journalism when executed well!
Lawson found his lane to the basket blocked and so he passed to Harrington, who found World Peace in his face and had to step back...
A8: The 5 traits all influential people have is 1 Solid reputation.
When I want him to be awake at 5AM, like he usually is, he's no where to be found!
HonestlyMatt Spencer
I try to get students engaged and to take ownership in their own learning
sounds like JJ hasn't got any better you think the braves need to trade him
Chilly to Humidity 
you bet
Atlanta: no where I'd rather be headed!
it's time for some
Thanks for joining us the other day w/ Director Dad!
I've had the most luck with leafy greens, but am hoping to have some good tomatoes this year.
They are elected to lead not read.
it is a very annoying class.
Write.
Insanity.
Hair.
Study.
Edit.
Apply.
Search.
I love how twitter magically unfollows everyone for me.
Yes i do.
I am down there quite often.
I hope Scott Brown wins.
It will mean a bloodbath for the dems in the next election!
You have any Tuts on adding a calendar to your own desktop wallpaper creations?
searching ur site  came up empty
I used to live movies.
Now I over think them.
Fact.
Come in and try our fresh lemon soda today with your lunch!
Sounds painful!
Possible changes to forest service access stirs up controversy  KVOA Tucson News Possible changes to forest service access stirs up cont
No!
You must not like it!x
I smoke good it goes good with them flows boi
appreciate the shout out!
That's not a good sign.
Pick it up boys!
RT I would be tweeting more but all my time is being spent looking for balls right now.
Apparently there can be such a thing as a pink cow...
Strawberry milk...
:O
Khodorkovsky opens next Wednesday at Film Forum and tickets are currently on sale.
PPR and DSL will be available same day!
Mine at least are prescribed, but it was still probably a bad idea to take one in the precaffeine morning.
But at least I'm calm!
Was told by that she heard the Hunger Games series had a sad ending.
Just finished and am trying to decide if I agree.
Omg omg omg Cruel Intentions is on netflix?
turns on movie SEBASTIAN BBY, UNF
hell yea im never goin stop, even if my wife say she done im slappin the shit out my wrinkled monkey lmao
Mad Men doctornking tonight...sip for sip with the show's characters.
Any guesses how many episodes we'll make it through?
: lets do it !
Scratch battle tonight where at?
what up bro!
New fish may or may not eat old fish.
Place fish of similar size in same tank.
And know a cichlid when you see one!
nope.
I wish.
ZAK!
Downtown show at u of Mich tonight!
Thanks for the support :DD
Good for the Nobel Foundation, doing the right thing by Ralph Steinman.
Dear Jesus just let me win something somehow so I can move to Cali
: God damnit I love Flan!
If you've never had Flan before, you...
where is that flan from?
Molly a girl everyone loves 3
got you.
you've just got 2 coconut halves and your banging them together.
You can be doctorw king of the doctorw Crew!
Lol
For an opportunity to feel empowered Follow for daily tips.
Where Have You Been
Thank goodness we're pesky!
Three straight is going to tough, but definetely possible.
I love Bath.
Great town.
Of course I'm sickest on the day of my biggest final.
Here's to hoping I make it through...
Wow!
It must be cold!
OSU gets the stop!
Should be an interesting end to the game.
Why should the end be any different from the rest?
Food Fact of the Day:Apr 10,1766 Sir John Leslie was born.
He first to freeze water artificially, allowing for greater refrigeration.
I just met on the campaign trail.
In all my travels, I have yet to meet
Fucking bandaid my ASS.
I live for the summer nights....
Ran a red light at 7am this morning can't stop feeling guilty over it.
That sentence can tell you everything about the type of person I am.
At the diner.
Why am I hanging out here w these old people
Can see Giants beating the Packers for some weird reason
this whole show smacks of a creepy fertility thing.
That's the way to do it!
Yes!
Game 3.
How is it that a beer business like Gray's Tiedhouse  General Beverage  Frank Distribution in Wi are all only hiring  1011/hr?
I think I found my bday outfit thanks to ASOS
Hmm, ok.
I'll check that out.
Mark, praying for you.
If you can beat cancer, you definitely can beat this!
I know you will have a successful career BC GUY!
You know you're tired when you can't even walk straight and you end up running into walls  Yeah.
I think it's time for bed.
goodnight 
I'm wearing my seersucker today!!!
Hey Tim!
We just sent you over some information about our new Chicagobased app, !
Would love to send you some more info!
More!
More!
Thank you for following!
Now he lays pipe for fun AND for a living.
How fitting
I have been up since 8:30 and I'm exhausted.
Omg I need a hot shower, a back rub and a snuggly blanket.
happy birthday to my baby girl
I haven't heard thunder in so long.
I dare you to start an argument with each other over being team Edward or team or team Jacob.
Ok....GO!
Oh dear, what happened?
Why, thank you.
thanks, any feedback from those going through it...
Or not is welcome.
Happy anniversary to !
The most bestest wife ever!
Ok y'all...Mardi Gras is over and it's now time to buckle down and file your tax return for 2011 come see me at 804 Webster Street!
Franchise Tax Board: reporters: our Last Minute Tax Tip news release should be in your inbox.
im outta college and still crushin on hahah
Cody is more than just my favorite singer.
He's my world 3
Urban Dictionary?
One of your two terms came up, and no, it wasn't what I thought it was.
:
you gonna let him say that your sister is on it?
let's make shark week mean something.
and she's coming to Philly so I can see the show
aye mate!
I'm in BK Heights, just chillin w my sis and niece before headin to DC, sadly minimal hangs.
U likin NYC?
done and done
Tim to run!
Comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die
Hey, 2 days later I finally replied to your tweet.
And missed the epic video.
Good morning everyone!
We hope everybody has a great last day of November.
Let's be thankful for what we have today  everyday PinkPurple
Things seen tonight: 1.
The Avengers 2.
Ryan Gosling
Well, cookies are meant to be eaten.
Duh.
Especially Christmas cookies.
They are way better than normal cookies.
Katy Perry Boyfriend?
Mystery Man at Coachella 2012  National Ledger
Perhaps some Game 7's in our future???
...to get the most from your talent.
Nolan Ryan
good vibes only bro
Got a beta invite to and it's pretty cool.
Integrates with and Google calendar.
Might actually work for me!
please tell that I love her and happy mother's day!
IloveTheGrandes hearts; : also happy mother's day to nonna!
Yes I do agree it was wild.
But a win is a win.
Day off in Memphis today.
Gonna get some BBQ!
I miss my bestfriends.
:
cool bottle opener from using magnets, a nail and a piece of wood.
I can go camping with this.
oh!
I don't think I mentioned: I'm coming to the bay soon!!
:D
Praying it inspires your faith to new levels.
staff RT : Starting in our life group this week.
Very excited.
Time is such a scumbag.
oh gawd terry
when do u need the lyrics video thing?
:
You can stop staring at me now
Best Sylvester Stalone song!?
Sing me the fuck up!
We've upgraded the servers for BatteryPower.co and its much quicker!
Just in time too, the number of visitors were starting to overload us!
Of you say oooohhh you just got treated or laugh when someone get knocked out your a instergator
School then back to bed;
You know you just don't wanna get out of bed when your heater broke at your house.
mines is to become a vampire/jedi
Change is the only constant.
well, in that quote i'm making reference to 'context collapse'
ahaha I'll tell you in Computer apps .
Go to breakfast tomorrow !
17 Ranked teams lose this week...Not the worst week for our Aztecs to lose.
My new rank guess: SDSU  6, byu  8.
Yours???
tweeting about his boy I love the musicians I work with.
You hear that ?
I've got a possible alternative.
well, i can't wait to hear Ted Leo doing Deathcrush.
i just hope i don't have to wait until next record store day.
yes better for everybody!
also, no questionable jello shots
how did your OUOSU prediction work out?
Keep running your mouth on Twitter.
Traffic on the parkway was a disaster this morning
There was a spider on my leg when I got on the bus.
My reaction was so embarassing :
Thanks for the s/o and the follow
i think they will once they find bats, kindo sticks, thumb tacks, barbwire, and blood everywhere lol
scratch snort scratch scratch.
You can show up here and find out : jl
Whoa.
RT : How many Calories would a Moon made of cheese be, you ask?
A madeofmanchego Moon  285 septillion Calories.
kenny  my mama always arguing !
NO FUCKING O LINE!
no because you laughed and almost ruined EVERYTHING!
:
Wahoo for orders that were placed this weekend!
Looking forward to seeing the shirts on the streets!!
Floyd...awesome
tosh.0 doesn't start again till next week.
who's got a funny youtube clip to hold me over???
My B in AP Euro is such a lost cause.
There goes my chance of having all A's.
And my GPA...
Whatup playa!!!
Make sure you check out your label mates mixtape It's On!!!
Holla at me homie don't think your following me
No luck on the bracelet but I do have the jacket.
Text me when you wanna pick it up.
Most definitely.
Q6: Do you plan or want to start your own site or work on a startup versus working in an established newsroom?
sorry.
I'll stop with the fake accounts.
10x alum is hiring...
: London  San Francisco.
We're hiring.
Thanks devlink for a great day!
Looking forward to tomorrow!
Ew you're ghetto.
Up way earlier than I should be because I HAVE to finish cutting Jody's new short today.
Bye bye
Thanks to all my new Twitter followers whom I met at Saturday's networking picnic.
Don't ever stop networking  building new relationships!
A pretty face is nothing if you have an ugly heart.
I think there's audio at least...I'm seeing tweets from folk I know are home.
Not sure what the link is though.
who insultes chloe such a shame of that person chloe is like heaven how could someone insult her thats wrong
Cali next month..
Word!!
Most ugiliest dirtiest hamster I ever meet
They say being idealistic is unrealistic.
Fvck that.
brunch tomorrow, noon, Benelux?
Lol, cause my friends yelled at me about Gaga today :p
ATTN: my apologz re: the little espaNol spam baby th'has been hitt'n frnz 10/a day.
In talks w'how to have spam baby removd entirely.
Tnx.
Cubs, have a player named ?
Campana sounds like someone hahah
and then I send like 20 tweets a minutes and lose a follower...
lol awkward
I wonder what the cranky woman behind me thinks of the dick that doctorw on my car...
We've got a team of folks at LearningLabs this week.
Our advisory bd member Pedoctor Noguera keynotes tonight.
Haha, awesome.
Thanks man.
Sending now...
i dont even know why people bother making fake celeb facebook accounts
DEAD: JR please do that about 6374923 more times
GSA General Council meeting in forty minutes.
Come check out what GSA does and voice your opinion...plus free food!
GSA Lounge at 6:00
love you AND st pete!
tks for the RT
i did so much last night for and the sad thing is, he doesn't even notice me : but i guess he just doesnt see me
Still light out, not bad
Congrats on the gig!
Can't wait to hear deets.
ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore, because you changed, and became someone different.
I'm basing my support on antecedent exposure to patterns of behavior like this i.e., an inference to the best explanation
Nathan Miller exits head pastry chef post at The Kitchen to launch a line of ...
Extra breaks and a longer lunch are nice!
lol of course!
;
Stylish necklace!
Spring is around the corner!
Come on in and take a gander at our new bikes!
Use your card for a sweet 15 discount on apparel!
Do all the interns get a nerf gun, or do they have to share one?
Henry has looked really strong and Kreider has been the X factor
OK, I've been sitting here for 12 hours.
Time to step away from the computer.
:
1D isn't annoying.
the girls at my school are.
Next show this Saturday, May 12th at 8 PM in Hollywood.
and don't be judging me in your heart right now, RIGHT NOW.
like you are RIGHT NOW after reading my 2 previous tweets
Ha yeah, the bear is my unofficial spirit animal.
i hate exams and revision SO much.
actually cannot wait till they are over!
random again but do you ever watch the shaytards?x
GSHL 2A golf: Mark Morris 220, R.A.
Long 293.
MMs Megan Schulz medal round of 46.
cuz you have 90 for the guys and I have 28 :P
I have 2 finals today and I havent studied for them yet...
: RedSox have lost 8 of their 9 at home, 8 of 12 this season and 18 of 26 going back to last season.
Yikes.
: I hate when I see a ugly person I know you hate to look mirror

Well unless that hifi studio also has neato lofi toys...
B1 Bicycles 6 tips for cyclist in rain and snow: 3.
Lower your psi in your tires 4.
Watch the news for weather conditions
Playing goaloriented game involves recognizing one sort of pattern; playing makebelieve is recognizing another sort.
Is it considered idling if your moving your car back and fourth in your parking spot?
All this doctorma in MLS: controversy, winning streaks, losing streaks, upsets, and we are less than 1/3 through the season.
Fantastic!
That's what she said...
RT I figure I might as well go where the action is.
check out for great jewelry info!
Freakin dork..
but not a bad idea..
i think i might do it!!
:
I try to make it through my life..
in my way there's you
Ok, fifth of the DW books finished.
No real alternatives, the show is much better.
But quite nice.
Problem: No book left now anymore.
Went to my first beef and beer.
Apparently this is a thing people do.
Great to see everyone last night!
Google Places team announced that they will be hosting a Hangout tomorrow at 11 PST cardealer automarketing Please share.
Classical Trio Emma Noel Votapek, Mark Votapek, Tannis Gibson, in concert 3:00PM today at Grace St.
Pauls Episcopal Church in Tucson!!
Creativity comes from trust.
Trust your instincts.
And never hope more than you work.
Rita Mae Brown
I just type whatever I'm thinking.
If everyone did this, I would follow no one.
Except like..
Joelle and stuff because she's Joelle.
I think you're saved from that trope because you have a family; surely crazy cat ladies must also be spinsters?
The first fellow that picked an herb to cure himself had a bit of pluck.
James Joyce
Today determines if I get to see my kid for more than 9 hours a week.
Wish me luck.
Thxs 4 the follow.
How's the weather in London?
Have a great day and a better tomorrow.
Time to run the offense thru Buford.
The man is on fire, craft is playing sloppy.
And it's JUST as bullshit wherever it is.
Just because lots of states do it does NOT make it right.
And let me just say the tittle Big Rich Texas does NOT justly describe the essence that is...this show
Thanks so much, Mary!
So glad to hear : 
just completed 15 minutes of meditation with
YOU WANNA KICK IT WITH ME CUZ I CAN MAKE U POPULAR!!
BITCH BEAT YOUR FEET!!
Sorry for the belated reply....it was Oscar Foxtrot Sierra...as usual.
YOU YOU HAD A WONDERFUL BOY ...
HE'S INCREDIBLE...I'd do anything to be with him just a moment.
with love.
C:
Hey Sarah, I just sent you some heat
I think I popped a blood vessel from all the tight clinching and shaking I did lmao
I'm wondering, about your tweak sparrow, is it possible to have mail from intelliscreenx open in sparrow?
SORRY I HAVEN'T BEEN ON TWITTER GUYS!
I'VE BEEN SO BUSY HELPING MY BROTHERS FIANCÉ PLAN THERE WEDDING !!
so sorry /:
marta is smarta i hate how they are changing bus routes and service on bus and train,
check me out on facebook
looks like its gonna be a lean Xmas at the doctorgon house this year...
Lean, lean, lean.
At least the Blue Jackets are putting together a good season
On this old school shit.
we some lazy fools brodie ...
Its just one of those days man but txt me when you get up so we can link up
i appreciate the insight.
thanks joseph.
Heading to happy hour in DuPont.
Can't wait to see my !!
: Heading to with for four days of sun, sand, and outdoor brickoven pizza back and tanner..
Yeap I think it was DJ doctorma
continued its high rating with the first quarter of 2012 scoring as its mostwatched in the network's 17year history.
Some of the comments on the FB page regarding POTUS's comments about gay marriage yesterday are unreal.
I have been dabbling in interdimensional psychics lately.
what an interesting subject
Chris, thanks for RT!!
He is a good kid.
I hope we see each other again here.
I'm in love w/ Los Angeles
Goodbye yesterday.
I can't take you with me.
ILYY ROSS!
Please follow me!!3
Is coming to NYC April 28May3rd any suggestions for restaurants or bridal boutiques??
Why Portland over NYC?
Leaving Stonewood.
I swear i could shop in Bath  Body Works And Hot Topic For Forever..
Top notch hoes get the most, not the lesser
it was almost 30..
Happy birthday!
I might have to convince mister Bethanne to take me to Silver Diner tonight...
Trust me I can't deal either lolsmh.
probz!
We got this though, think of the s'mores!!
doctornk charades lol
Try our new dish tonight  Roasted Fennel bulb, house marinated olives  smoked mozzarella.
Then visit for a cocktail.
wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up
Knowing him, I wouldn't be surprised
lol not gonna lie, I haven't watched yet.
I'm neglecting baseball this year so far
just thought I'd let you know
I wish you would have tweeted this half an hour ago before i bought mine...
it's amazing haha get it
So glad to have a nice car..
Again lol
Time for my favorite game...
That's what she said tweets.
Let me see what you got  don't take too long.
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID HUR HUR
Here's a question with one game in the bag this MLS Saturday: Would you rather be Toronto FC or the Montreal Impact right now?
How things Chang with out your knowledge
New Music coming soon...
My new mixtape Gimme Da World hits datpiff around Marchh!
Srry for the wait fans!!!
shout out to tj
11 toddlers total todayim exhausted!!!!!
Girl: I'm thinkinq of a superhero.
Guess what it is.
Boy: Superman?
Batman?
Girl: You :
I think it depends on the number of your followers and their verbosity.
Twitter seems like a great medium for convos precisely bc..
friends house and we just hung out that was it!
So how about you sexy what did U do 2day?
How did it go with the UR curly stuff?
RT : Q3: ARE U MORE CAREFUL W/ UR KIDS NUTRITION  LIFESTYLE THAN UR OWN?
IF SO, WHY?
IF NOT, WHAT IS UR SECRET?
This bipolar weather got me sick.
thank you verena
They would advertise Taco Bell during Primo's and Epico's entrance.
Leeds 'Black Heathcliff' actor 'has psychotic disorder'  Yorkshire Post
I am so proud of !
Should I go for three consecutive days on snowshoes?
You're cute, I love you too, I will have fun, and I'll probably call you Saturday.
My cat is so scared of storms...lol
wow.
meetup packed Cospace tonight.
If you're here, be sure to grab a card on the way out to try a day of coworking free
This is my last day of being 32...
In order to get you need to invest.
Thanks to hubs for picking awesome hamburger buns!
Thx for the tweet too JenniferC U soon!
brother!
hope yer not too scarred by those european ways...
:
Did you know you can apply for the fee assistance program to help with MCAT sign up and application costs.Check it out on the AAMC website.
The Wire is SO FREAKING GOOD
Getting a ride to another venue via a instead of the shuttle.
Personal ride :
Thanks for the follow!
i can relate
for more info on QLCs u should check out the blog section  stratejoy.com  good job tackling your own crisis!
Well I think
Guard what is sacred.
What a great ride yesterday was and today is the better day!
we are looking for UI Programmers to work on an exciting project based in the south of the UK  contact .uk
Give us this day a timely departure, and deliver us from Union.
Zero motivation to finish my work for today.
Probs bc I took karaoke Thursday to a whole new level.
Not mad about it 
Toy Selectah in the house tonight!
TOY SELECTAH MONTERREY MX
great map on the USPS offices closing 5/15.
Any way I can link it to my blog?
DM me!
RT : There are some days I hate it  don't want to practice.
But more often than not, I wake up  thank god I play soccer.
But depending on The Maine's signing I might not stay.
Just saying!
your money went to the studio, you probably should care a bit.
Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen...
Snicker.
They need ones called BaseBall Glove and Gun Oil, too.
He can make me love something just by showing me the energy with which he loves it
You can't chase 3 rabbits  expect to catch one, right?
You got ALL them jobs in your bio, you expect me to think you're great at ALL of em?
The ones that make it complicated never get congratulated.
Kid Cudi  Man on the Moon
As much as I want to embrace these last few days that I have in high school, they are honestly pointless
Alpha dog is a really sad movie .
Did it really happend like that in real life ?
The kid had a bunch of chances to get away .
The Capitol Steps will be making a stop in Akron Ohio  The University of Akron 10/16/11 Stage Door EJ Thomas Hall.
5pm  7:30pm.
puttin on this shirt I havent had on in a while.
smh
Good morning, y'all!
Sho' ya right.
happinessis siri saying lumia 900 4g is the best smartphone on the market...
Love it!
I don't have one but I do own Nokia stock :
Someone Help Me...
Is There Any Way I Can Get A Picture Off My NonSmartphone Onto My Computer?
:O when were you here??!??
I don't have the money!
:
lol yea sucks but it does come back
At leas once or twice a day my Internet stops working.
It makes me want to jump out of a tall building.
Man were the candidates ready to hear.Now I know why this team's been attacked from all sides like I've never seen!
God's doing mighty work!
It's a good episode tonight.
I'm in love with Jamie Lee's character.
Couldn't agree more MT Such a smart move.
Obama's base was listless  kind of disappointed but now they're going to be more energized.
FF Happy Friday and thanks for following!
Hope you had a good mother's day!
Happy Monday to you too!
i'ma fight my mom before i graduate ..
NoLie i'ma ask her for my 15
Thanking God for giving me life today
Get used to people hating, and wishing death to you, its all apart of the game you choose to play.
Had 4 nice dudes from the Reading Royals visit me at work this week.
Nice guys and were pumped for last night's game.
Playoff push!!
we need to!
had fun wit tahjae and them,she fight like a nigga lol
Sorry , seeing your face on my TV makes me NOT want to EVER visit your state...its all about marketing!
ugh!hate waking up early!!!!!
only 10:08
I don't know where I stand with you.
And I don't know what I mean to you.
All I know is every time I think of you, I want to be with you.
Kodak says it must raise 500 million in new debt or sell off patents worth billions of dollars to survive 
my messages stopped getting pushed to my phone and tablet for whatever reason.
All my iPhone  iPad settings are correct for push
Hi Myles, You around?
so...
What are they?
Lol!
sleeping until a half hour before I have to leave for work.
love life, live rich.
Fucking HAIL wtffff.
Scariest weather to doctorve in by far 
: That frustrating moment when you don't finish your text before the light turns green...
Best of luck with your new career!
Yup.
That's me.
There aren't enough lanes on the kennedy to get around the slow people
We rested Rogers and discovered that we have another quarterback!
...just watched Kissing Jessica Stein, yes, for the first time.
I am now ready to write.
On a diff note, you are so RobertDowneyJr
Still doing basic HTML/CSS  wordpress install on our server.
So they can customize for final proj.
We'll see.
Just ate Chinese food for lunch!
Ribs and Rice!
It's absolutely pouring outside, I hope PETA gave all the animals raincoats.
enjoy my island brother
Hilarious.
credits my shopping cart with 4 Hero2 cameras.
continue shopping?
Nasasocial doctordensocial Blink blink
doctornk if you see sequins!
Yeah I been back for a minute now
Thanks for the follow  love connecting with other film makers :
Hello World!!
we have new cars too.
For some reason they're not using them!
Kobe is on a mission today
boy you better be reaallll quiet today.
get that voice better 3
I'm bob weinerburger.
:D
Be the salesman of your values.
the med salad from is beyond delicious.
dieting is now easy.
too easy.
Here you go, guys: Mix Crunch Berries with Peanut Butter Crunch in a bowl.
Add milk.
Enjoy.
Did anyone else notice the gentleman filming bikers running stop signs on 11th  Fairmont?
2 days of footage.
I smell trouble.
oh fuckin de
It's Friday and I can't shake my cold.
Guess I have to order in pizza and watch Archer..
Not all submissions are submissive.
Team learning session on our PerfectMind CRM.
What a great time of learning.
:
I swear I'm not judging you 3 hahaha!
Back on twitter.
So sick of all the presidential politics: the whole process takes too long and costs too much money!
haha If I did that id get beat up
keep us posted
Martin: NCLB only allowed us to measure progress against college and career readiness not diff lenses on progress
WOW i thought there are going to be only 2 seasons but then we have to cover all the 12 part!
x
So I thought bout itrealized no harm comes frm sharing.
RT : i tell people im tired but in reality im just sad
Every second is a highlight :
OMG Guess What Song Petey Just Put On !??
I JUST GOT MY NEW AWESOME LAP TOP!!!!!!
YAY!!!!!
FYI  SanFrancisco testing Public Warning Sirens today at 10:15amnot an actual emergency  news RT
Just found out I booked the lead in another film:!!!
Whew whoo
u cant get that its not on the dollar menu lol
I'm not keyed into current doctorma but I'll wager jake and teej?
Good morning!
RT : G'morning y'all 3 Just woke up!
GWAwards takes place tonight at the EMP.
Share some of the geek, tech, and entrepreneur fashion photos with us!
got it!
Thought we were talking consec olympic cov.
former NBC Sports employee  family member of 2 current employees :
ooh both good ideas
Have fun while I don't do anything xD
haha!
Luke Fitzgerald on BBC looks like you in a weird way.
Like, if I was on shrooms i'd be convinced it was you.
RT : The Thunder will make a major announcement today, presumably awarding James Harden Sixth Man of the Year,
nothing wrong with the track..
It still a great race to watch!
Cleveland selects WHO???
That's crazy!!
They're all my least favorite Golden Eagle.
I give up.
no gas money : can we ride with you?
lol
A Bubbly Pear Cocktail would definitely hit the spot this afternoon!
RT for this week's password for a free signature cocktail today 5:307!
Let's go Melo
I bought my Dad some Italian leather book covers for his scriptures.
Shhhh, don't say anything.
It's a surprise
Bothered by people not liking you..people that weren't even with you shooting in the gym..:/
Nope.
I do too.
But I'm gay so I would rather get a reciprocating saw than a diamond necklace...lol
second day  6/8 hrs went in meetings!
Needless to say other two were for Lunch :
Call 212Website and get our extended Black Friday special.
Get 50 OFF our service, just by using our OFFER CODE: 012386
You coming hannah?
sounds about right
earthquake bayarea twitter Okay, just seconds after a light earthquake, over 10 people I follow started getting really witty about it.Wow
I was almost asleep and then I heard something from the kitchen ..
I told my dad this place is haunted ..
But , who didnt believe me ?
The audience is positive about not having heard the music, it provided an in to the performers.
Interresting discussion.
shark tank!

ThingsMyExSaid  is my favorite thing trending right now ..
oh the things we could write ALL night long 3333
cheering from sidelines at the moment.
Working on plucking up the courage, I'm somewhat embarrassed to say.
Everyone says the same things and still gets followed...smh wat am I supposed to do??
I rarely text anyone anymore..
I just text someone to tell them I wanna chill or if I'm texting my boy.
If you ask me how I'm doing I'd say I'm doing just fine...
We better be bypassing some major Turnpike traffic because I am NOT trying to die on the side of some backroad in New Jersey
Ah yes, I see you're pointless.
haha.
don't go that route, you'll miss the game...
hahaha, I just say the first thing out of my butt...
it usually sounds like this.
thhhpt!
Also just tilled some espresso grounds into my garden.
Last time it worked like a charm.
Walking around the mall I worked at in High School.
Brings back memories  Longest job I ever had
EKU gets another commitment from Brandon Stanley, running back from Suwanee, Georgia, Peachtree Ridge High
James has been upsetting me these days...
No likes no love cc
At least you are there to answer questions and talk to.
It's so awesome to be in Germany Again!!!
Stay tuned for a secret Fc Dj set while I'm here
25 OFF Private SemiAnnual Sale Use code SPRING25 Ends 4/12
Bout time...
thanks sweetheart!
Tie Ballgame....
Lets go to the bullpen.
Loe in the Game.Brewers 4 SFGiants 4
Toddlers  Tiaras marathon al day and night.
Yes.
you know ..i forgot you're a fat ass you'll prolly eat the whole box lol ...carry on...
You never seize to amaze me...
But i'll text you..
Ultimately, no matter which avenue you take with social, twoway dialogue and engagement are most important
A mans worth is no greater than the worth of his ambitions.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
Watching Disney movies...bored...
The comment You look like you're having a long day is one that should always be kept inside the head, not shared aloud.
Raw, white balance is a breeze and when post processing, you can do so much more with Raw with no fear of loosing pixels
Tweet me one word to describe Austin and I'll RT it:
So am I!
Just 6 more days!
And I lurve you too!
call me back!
Bull i always talk to you!
Check out our new professorle pic...A Custom QR Code!
Thanks for doing such nice work!
loving ya on icarly : :D
Great visiting with adam sandler ....at opening day of little league in pacific palisades
where are you?
doctornko de Mayo.
Duh.
People say Hallmark invents holidays.
I say alcohol companies win that category.
EVERYONE!
go like on facebook, now!!
they're so close to 100,00 likes  they really deserve it!
xx
Hi !
Thanks for spending time with me even though I'm clothing challenged!
XO
Scrooge is in town of Julian but only til Sun.!
Charles Dickens' A CHRISTMAS CAROL by Julian Stage CoTown Hall10/5perfoms 1:30pm/7pm
thats what I love to hear!!!
Prehub and I are debating on who the bigger figure head is  Joe Paterno or Lou Holtz.
My vote is Joe Paterno.
Penn State doesn't need him.
Surprised?
95 of companies don't answer social media posts/questions.
It's on channel 666!
Jesus was betrayed by his disciple
From the folks who brought you 'It's The Real Deal ' comes the next big sensation that's sweeping the nation: 'No it isn't'
What Sinatra song is getting you through this beautiful Monday?
New picture is cute...
I'm a fan
dont like me dont talk to me

Thanks for the shout out!
corollary people who live and breathe in music.
Glad you're doing so well!
Enjoy your travels.
I tried to learn code today on codeacademy.
wow, was I awful.
round two tonight
RT : The red light cams went dark in Dec., but the legal wrangling is just getting started.
See you on KRQE NEWS 13 at 10!
You can tell me that your sorry but I wont believe you, baby, like I did before...you're not sorry.
Good morning, World.
Enjoy your day!
Hah, I think we have identified the target audience!
Ready to relax
I know!
Hey I've never called myself old school!!
About this time last year, no?
Or summerish.
:/
that would be great!
:
Happy Thanksgiving my boys I love you with all my heart!
That picture of amare's hand is
Thanks.
I'm trying.
Westwood Studios Dune II was an inspiration growing up, esp the AI and gameplay.
But more people know Nike of course...
Ay you that nigga for that Trae/Meek joint.
I'm proud of you bro!
Athletics is the best!
:
we got a memo from daycare today about superheroes and violence.
yo clique ain't on the same paper we on
12 hours of sleep last night...
from 10 to 10.
Makes for a productive Saturday.
Way they were hittin, if he hated me he woulda swung away RT Na, I talked to Ham and said he hate u.
Thats why he pulled a bunt
whoa whoa whoa no way misterWooten was pulling the Penn State hustle
Who needs enemies...?
where you will all form a supergroup that will unleash a metal storm
hey Nick thanks
: hope by June 1st Shit before then..
I tried to watch Khloe  Lamar, it's true.
But, it only took 2 minutes before I had to bail  flip to Rattlesnake Republic.
Beef stew
I don't see him contributing to a contender, too big of an ego.
But the Raiders don't have much to lose, could pair him with Palmer
What's next for you?
I will always be grateful for your support  ideas by phone and by Yammer.
Friday Humor: Just because nobody complains doesn't mean all parachutes are perfect.
Benny Hill
Heading to Corcoran's tongiht on Wells to watch the Bears to play!
.88 sliders 6 Margs,3 MillerLite Pints,15 BucketsCoors Light!
: unforgivable.
who's cologne is that?
Leaving in a bit.
Gonna get eaten by bear this weekend because im gonna steal her baby:Text if you wanna.
Picture Comments?
Great to see you tweeting!
RT : RockiesTweet20 with Dexter Fowler starts in just over 2 hours.
He'll be here to answer your questions at 3:15 MT!
A play to make  a day to write.
Bring it.
I can't wait to see/hear my friendsco workers complain when there is no Wikipedia.
They should've been paying attn to the news.
This lakers effort, is not worth me sacrificing even more sleep.
Good night.
See you for game 7.
lol you really think imma keep chasing you?
it got boring, sorry.
you are not alone.
Dammit.
Rest In Peace, Martin Luther King Jr.
they are so ugly they make ugly people look pretty jk they are hawwt parents must be proud :
don't worry, I've already warned about :
This is twitter for God sakes!
There is no spelling and grammer!
That is a sure sign you have no argument.
Granted, if the celeste green paint gets crazy expensive, I might revert to flat white with black lettering.
Tiger Woods is playing well once more.
He must said WTF!
Bring on the girls!
And his mojo was back!
Lesson: stick to what you do best.
Lol
he's already dead bro
: Our Council President is pretty awesome.
trueleadership truereform classact cc:  So True!
: ..
The sneakers that we wore in the show last night were from Season 6!
Can anyone tell me what episode...' Justin Bieber ep
what's going on?
It is exciting!
Where do you want to go?
RT : Deciding a plan for your future is so exciting.
I want to study abroad so bad.
WHO WATCHED WHO WILL BE THE FAMILY WIZARD?!?!?!?!?!
yea you need to make it dwn here soon
Hamlet has spent the last fifteen minutes eating dead bugs and spitting their chewedup remains on his back.
on Ellen !!!
Revenge is such a good show!!!!!!
Need a GPS?
There is one on DealShow right now!
www.dealshow.com
stop killing the doctorma Schefter!
Unfollow!
Fawk.
It's nothing but work work work.
Of course!
I've got tickets through the playoffs!
Will you be there?
Hot trend  kiddie appeal  Boffo B.O.!
Cartoon dog hunts the undead.
SCRUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER!
that's awesome!
Just bought Champion Womens Jacket for 78 OFF at Amazing Deal!
Get it before time runs out!
Just had my last presentation in college.
2 more exams and I'm money.
Ronnaldo scores!!!!!
This may be an ass kicking.
That's truth.
Thanks for posting:
Hibiscus screens tonight for FREE at the KiMo theater at 7:00pm.
See you there!
Good mornin Tweeps....Things to do today: 1.Dig a hole 2.
Name it love 3.
Watch people fall in love.
The choices you make now shape your future
ughh RT : browns phil Taylor tore his left pec, will undergo surgery next week, pat Shurmur announced.
Savage Journey To The American doctoram
I've read pros and cons.
I'm trying to decide whether it's good for authors.
thanks, girlie!
Miss you too.
i think a holiday meetup is def in order!
baseball.sunny skies ,thankful
Team VNMLOCAL NOBODIES:
yes very disappointing, talking like heat's season is over
GreysonMMag What color shirt are you wearing right now?
:
Writing about ur QLC calls 4 serious selfreflection  is a great idea!
Theyre 4 girls blogging about theirs  stratejoy.com
: LADIES NIGHT  PARIS BAR TONIGHT!
BE THERE!!!!
:  where is that?
I LOVE YOU LADY GAGA FOREVER AND EVER!!
awe thank you : and elaina I def did meet him before!!
Nope, she just knows how clinically insane I am.
She gets me and the 5 other people living in my head.
lol
Yes, please, stop the camera and let me watch the movement!
that's impressive!
Hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas.
Wishing you a safe and happy New Year.
if you had a giraffe, what would you name it?
: 3
ACA allows young adults to stay on their parents insurance until 26.
1.3M minority young adults now have health insurance
doctoram Board 2012 already working!
You continue to influence my life for the better every day.
THANK YOU!
THANK YOU!
THANK YOU!
No!
I hope you find them!
good to see you at today's meetup!
imight be over her, but she fucked my views on life up
The weather conveys how graduating seniors feel right about now indenial But let us still enjoy our last day of classes!
:
They change.
Now it is Emotional British ForbiddenLove  Dark Tearjerkers Featuring a Strong Female Lead
Weekend The Other Street for Music .::/:
Hear my Halloweenappropriate song Voices in the WiFi on my professorle player on Reverbnation.
Let me know what you think and if you...

Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud.
Sophocles
nice shot Blake
dude, that's like a book!
I do like your points but I couldn't finish it.
is describing how to build sophisticated apps  scalable, fast, rich apps that are automated to respond to user demand and be lowcost
Everyone is trying to kill you.
If you just weren't so WEIRD though you'd blend in better.
task for this afternoon: help jim figure out what to be for h'ween.
Thank you for all your support!
Had a great meeting with and call with today.
That is just the true..!!
really awesome movie...!!
wee have the same likes : in movies and music
Thank you for Never Quite Free.
Such a balm.
Your songs are my prayers.
I just died watching the new Dark Knight Rises preview.
Maureen Choi, violinist extraordinaire rocking tune Sunny from her recently Maureen Choi Quartet release is rockin'!
Check this CD out.
Wisdom at Work covers Mastering the Beliefs that doctorve Your Financial Life today!
Noon1:00pm in the Rines.
Just saw a alert.
blank lol go back to sleep babe
Wow Cisse!
Wow!
rainy day but yet again in the studio HARD WORK pays off ...
choppin up some heat in the lab ..
making beats all day y.a.k
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 1
My hair is curly.I explained this to London as she styled it.
I now have a frizzy ponytail pulled so tight I look like a Chinese squirrel
doctor Oz show today dealt with the many ways to reduce the stress in our lives.
Check out his website for some great ideas.
Can't wait for crj104 class tonight.
I think it will be a blast..already finished most of the homework that we are doin in class!
:
hey I saw ur video I can't believe there doing tht to u it's ur opinion like really!!!
I hate doctorssing up.
Matt at high school graduation.
Who is Quinn???
I can't wait for next season...good lord.
Oh hey danks.
You want my email?
;D
everytime I look for snickerdoodles I hope they're there.
.
.
follow back duck!!!!!
REMINGTON SET TO LAUNCH WEEKLY INTERNET RADIO PROGRAMS TO HELP AFFILIATE PARTNERS PUT MONEY IN THEIR POCKET
Can't wait to get Chinese food after school w/ my girl 3
it means i run this part of leonard.
at least virtually, potentially spiritually.
Doin it Michael Minnna style for dinner at Bourbon Steak
B/St.
John members: there will be rehearsal tonight in Griswold  6:30
much appreciated!!
Life is like the wackamole game.
If you don't mind things popping up, you can have more fun!
i think i love my wife
is that seinna
Understanding this thing called life starts with you.
Define the true you and watch how your life takes a doctormatic change in success.
Cool, thanks man.
We were about in the same spot for FM, ha ha.
Sounds like a good plan for a short trip!
...The Who.
John Lennon.
The Beatles.
The Rolling Stones.
The Kinks.
Nirvana.
Interpol.
Beach House.
Prince.
Michael Jackson...Davis Fetter
No, it's considered murder to me.
SO......but hold up how yu gon jump from txtin to twitter
Just saw HungerGames.
It was OK.
Rather lowbudget production.
All in all, I think it was overhyped.
Wait for DVD.
what really annoys me, though, is they're shutting out a lot of good, qualified people by requiring that stuff.
To love is northing..
To be loved is something..
To love and be loved is everything
and i have a good feeling about you and what youre doing so when youre ready lets brainstorm absolutely
Had to use one of those Beer Rep Hang Over days off today.
Got alot done around the house.
Slept all day.
Back at it tomorrow.
TGIF
Also matters that photos were only latest in recent string of crude representations of Appalachia.
Straw/camel, etc
Today's quote, they had a leper skin hat, made from a real leper.
Um....ewwww!
RIP Vidal Sassoon.
Now there's a life well lived.
Lets Rock.
you are the Uhh shortest person ever
i'm all ears.
dm me.
You hang with turds, you'll finish third.
I think Abe Lincoln originally said that.
I'm getting breakfast ha ha
The worst things happen to me 
reason 27 that I love my job  the foaming soap in the kitchen smells nice
Yesterday was awesome.
Today is awesome.
Tomorrow will be awesome.
I'm totally getting used to this.
Nice  Sounds like fun.
Keep waiting for a summer like weekend here.
what time did you get in?
Thanks so much for sharing the deal with us!
the countdown is almost over!
one more day until sept 16...
yay!
Marcum's doing his best Suppan impression in the playoffs so far.
I'd go with Greinke on short rest.
just got done pampering myself with some mary kay.
Seated in group C on SWest  center seat for me on flight home.
: pah
Stark:  I wonder if Natasha wears a thong under that suit or not Banner:  Definitely boy shorts
Always a pleasure to share.
Today I purged what was a digital history of the kids's lives.
VHS of Liar, Liar; floppies of Kid Pix, CD of 1997 Grolier Encyclopedia.
Does anyone care about the FlaNJD series?
Anyone?
Anyone?
bueller?
And who the HELL is the frumpy black lady doing the ABC preshow?
She's no Guilana.
Looking for that special gift for that special someone in your life?
The New Face of Vinyl is making it's rounds in Cleveland starting December 15th!
im on my way then lol
OMH WHEN WHERE!!!!
TELL ME EVERYTHING NOW!!!
Cody Simpson  Psanders
Taylor Allderdice Is Way Better Than Rolling Papers
check out Priority Spokane.
Could You Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To Get It Trending For Austin?!
Please  Thank You!
:
It's too beautiful a day to be on the computer.
Looking for a Romantic Night with your Sweetheart??
We still have a couple whirlpool suites left for this weekend!!
Call today 3175781200
final packing up daywhat r the chances Texas stops killing innocent people before I land in August?
On my way out!
Running a few errands  then heading over, be there 7:15ish or so
Happy independence day!
amen, baby!
Main ingredient: crack
Face obstacles.Conquer critics.Battle 4 wins.2 get here,u have 2 RiseAsOne.B4 the 1st snap,remember what u r building on ragemode LC
You know that feeling when you giggle and smile all day..
you can't stop thinking about one person.
It feels like your 15 again?
Well its official.
I broke my elbow and going to need surgrey.
Great.
Wordpress makes remarkable community sites.
Integrate it with multi plugins,private messaging live streaming chat.
Quite cool end results
Omg omg Austin's mom followed me3333
FF some of our great providers!
You must be someplace warm, I nearly froze today, too cold.
Play that hard to get card.
;
Colorful Realm: Japanese BirdandFlower Paintings by Ito Jakuchu at is ending on Sunday.
NGA is open til 8p on Fri/Sat/Sun!!
No, but i'll take plain black coffee with a double shot of
Boesch, Dirks, and now Prince with HRs today.
Even Facebook knows OSU is a football school 8 others posted about Ohio State Buckeyes football
Who checks refs after games?
And how rigorous is it?
They need to be addoctorssed by the media IMO.
There are rumors that Dallas may be interested in Manning.Why aren't there rumors they're interested in RG3?
Jimmie what kind of motor home u have?
Favorite 90's sitcom catchphrase?
GO!
must be good?
sorry..
I ain't talking bout chu
Get a resume done professorssionally and have a better chance for job prospects.
Thx!
May I see an example of this quick tip document?
I just heard Justin Bieber gave 3 people rabies in Philly Park.
watch what's about to be on your tv.
rated pg13 OO
A Quick Public Relations Media Review What You Can Do Yourself for Your Media Relations Campaign publicrelationsla.wordpress.com
They are trying but need adoption.
Andoctorid is way out in front so all they can hope for at this point is a small  of market.
OMG...
Starbucks MucH NeeDed!
ahh nice!
I don't blame you, I would have too haha.
I left because I didn't want to see you...
Now I'm thinking about what your doing because I'm not there with you
'a little guitar' what...
like a ukulele?
Caught A Session With 3 Bomb Weed,Goodlooking out :
My timeline is the best because it's musicrelated 98 of the time :
is running to rehearsal.
Hey everyone who is a sportingkc fan and NOT at the reserve game, introduce your self to
did you eat before you worked out?
Such as chicken or tuna?
and i'm not talking about that breaking up bullshit.
i'm talking about what you literally did to me.
i swear!
and that run..
omg never again
A Happiest Birthday wish to the beautiful, Classy !!
Hope to see you soon : X
nytnyt and sweet doctorams selena love you so much my dear friend hope you had a great day 3
Thank you Aaron.
I hope you and your mamma have a great mother's day too :
Give 'em all As and hurry over here.
but for what tho?
Scott prefers communicating/interacting on FB, but will do some serious Twitter akissing next.
LOL
Standing next to quest at Lenny Kravitz
Just spotted the  oh how I've missed him!
New hula show is starting on March 4, 11, and 18 at 11 a.m.
Don't forget about Friday night entertainment at 6:30 pm.
Sat hula at 1 p.m.
they cost a few bucks, but well worth it.
Going in at Prime Grown  sexy
Tonight is sold out but there are 10 tickets left for tomorrow evening!
Get them while you can.
sign me up
up handling business
good luck
You know me too well.
Johnny doesn't know what's hit him yet.
Not the goal I wanted!
RT : I love hearing how the developer brain works.
It doesn't always makes sense to me, like listening to another language.
awesome.
Thanks!
I just earned the Barfly badge on Yelp!
what's happening to your lakers?
Thanks for the intro.
I'm following now.
Night night..
Have a blessed week everyone.
God is good :
For most women the libido peaks just before menstruation.
Giro, prologue, stage 1, Washington DC, 2012.
Fuck Yes!
Please let this be real!
Say Hello;
25k on dinner break of 565 going to 400800.
Hit felipes for dinner and a nice walk on the river to get mind right.
Thx.
Ur right.
Still applicable to that noshow actor.
: I think he said, 80 of SUCCESS is just showing up.
CIRCLE OF BOSSES
It's so amazing how different we are.
Lord find so way to bring us together.....
Lol
get some culture branden
has got to stop saying it's about Wall st.
greed  greed ain't illegal  massive CDO/CDS ponzi schemes  fraud are.
Wise up!
Make life matter!
It and you are worth every moment of it.
Be grateful that you have it.
Share it, love it, and make even the simple matter.
waiting for the invite to stop by your biz.
Your products rock
Just passed Jesus on E Houston in case anyone's lookin' for him...
Anyone going to see TaylorSwift tonight?
Fast, smooth, and remarkably quiet.
I loved the Pacific Electric grace notes at the stations.
Nice to a see a nod to history.
Thats whats up !
You know i'd hook a brotha up!
My garage got jaguars  my garage looks like a zoo
when film directors make movies with hidden political messages
btw, that surfboard shot on your website is great!
who here is voting via facebook ??
Thanks!
Much appreciated guys!!!
how about a free VIA after so many purchased for Gold card members!
A 12 pack of via is as much as a pound of coffee!
It adds up!
Not sure if this is an upside or a downside of working in North Beach, but it always smells like really good marinara sauce.
Win a FREE TShirt!
Simply LIKE us on Facebook and one new randomly chosen friend will win in OCT!
Facebook.com/greatlakesclothingcompany
What triggers these wild ass doctorams
I disagree.
I know I am just tryin to be nice.
Zammuto plays Reno on 4.12.
Well.
This just got REal.
RT : glad you are still OUR quarterback.
Good luck this season.
y'all might call it the granddaddy because it pulls slow
NBC has decided to bench
Nicholl Fellowship is due in 3 days.
Here's to a weekend of courier new, twizzlers, sparking water, KCRW, KUSC and melancholy tears.
Just dance3 ...such a work out : 33
Wish we could control that  the hotel provides 0 wifi connections there but we got 400 on our own gear this morning.
Tribe lovin at the gym.
NJOMZATRIBE hay
Impractical jokers.
Holy shit.
He probably said more than snap.
ha ha
you wouldnt do that.
You love me too much.
What are bestfriends for?
Austin, if I was your girlfriend id never let you go ; hehe.
jk 3
Ha.
Yes, poor Dean.
He needs his food.
yes!
it's been two weeks since i've been over there.
far too long for the promximity.
Just saw this 12 year old redhead kid scream out thug life...
are u kidding me?
is this real life?!
So glad I got to see today!
A man is known by the company he keeps.
somewhat love...
Don't talk to me in study hall tomorrow
Can't wait!
2 fire doctorlls in one day???
Uve got to be joking
U did real good, give urself a pat on the back fir me lol
NICE!!!
RT : Clippers lost!!
RT Art all about: today kicks off not only GR's but also Grand Haven's similar only half hr.
doctorve
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
Albert Einstein...
:
They should send Tim Tebow into Iran to get our doctorne back.
With just a knife.
Rainn Wilson Agreed!
Kaci Battaglia Tim Tebow
Okay, just release 210 by the next time I go to Roosevelt/Canal or ride the BNSF Line, whichever comes first.
Lmao XD
I'll let you know when I get it!
Bank of America site just asked me to verify by entering my debit card, expiration, and security code  sounds fishy.
I'll wait a while.
You should come to Orlando cause us Floridians know how to have fun!
c;
I'm actually enjoying 50 Shades of Gray more than I thought I would, but cringe every time I see holy crap and holy cow in the text.
aw thanks lmaooo!
Meh I'll be 18 me and jordo will be at the bar downing the shots, he won't care
SPECIAL DISCOUNT: Don't miss our special offer: take 3 or more workshops over 49 in March  save 20.
Signup deadline March 4th!
Only because it was a midseason addition, I think.
Wanna hear a new song from our upcoming 7???
Tune into our radio appearance on Into the Void tonight!
What are you gonna save the Eucharist for later?
Put some mayo or buffalo sauce in it?
i love all you and just add my followers that follow kisses :D
See you there!
: Well fellas, it's that day!
FINAL FOUR!!!!
Any speedy streets you want us to check out?
Let and know and we'll try to get there.
NAW he always look like Prince to me lmao
Just got done tanning 3 my head hurts now though, I hate when that happens.
Headed to take in MILvNYK broadcast w/ HatchetteNYC  like brothers at war  8 SEED LET'S GET IT  Go Los Buckz, win or go home.
hahaha victory has never tasted so sweet
RT Sure thing, love the pieces..
: i have some samples for u to test if u will, love
Respect women, I dont care if they a 2 or a 10
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy : 16
I love doctorke so much 3
That makes it harder, though it's possible the author's still working in the field....
idk I thought if u was under 18 u had to have somebodii over 21 :/ but ion kno !
Perhaps.
Definitely not an old school, mom  pop joint.
Great place for a date night, though.
blink over some liquid liner
I hope my mama had a safe flight to Vegas!!
The Dust.
It just keeps coming back!
thinking miraculous thoughts for you and your lovelies!
Hoping St.
Anthony can do his thing.
wish would tweet me :!!
but that will never happen :
Thanks!
Giles, Jorgensen, and P Baker present and accounted for.
How did it get cold all of a sudden?
Thanks for the RTs/mentions!
lol I never thought I wuld see the day when kian slams ur head into a locker!
I haven't tweeted in like days..
o.O shocker
what are the options?
take me too
: Falling for someone you wouldn't imagine seeing yourself with.
I 4got start doing some more shit I'm make it up
Weather's gonna be like this till Wednesday aw hell nah
It's gonna be a long hot summer and we should be together 3
Let's go Chiefs!!!!
thanks for the link to the nasal strips.
I use those to help me sleep.
You know, somebody actually complimented me on my doctorving today.
They left a little note on the windscreen, it said 'Parking Fine'
Success doesn't come to you you go to it.
Marva Collins.
I just read up on this lady  very inspiring.
Dissatisfaction  a desire to help
Family dinner night!
: I hope marinating steaks for 10 hours is a good thing...
RT : USDA spent 220 million in 2004 on nutrition ed, 2 of what the food industry spent on mktng to kids.
Really excited to see so much discussion on my last cyborgology post.
I'll get to writing replies as soon as I have some time.
Thanks to everyone who watched!
You know those little screens at the gas pumps?
They should start showing porn, so I can watch someone else getting screwed at the pump.
: Fake nails, Fake hair, Fake ass, Fake nose, Fake voices, Fake breast....Are you sure you weren't made in china?
Metro Gallery hosts Jarret Walker discussing new book Human Transit how geometry shapes successful transit 1700 N.
Charles St.
2/7 121pm.
There is no way to gracefully get out of my sports car in a doctorss and heels.
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Dear New Hampshire State Prison: never belonged in your prison!!
Open the doors  let him go!
wronglyconvicted in NH!
SHAME!!
Ranga Pae  Maori for encircling the earth  Ranga in Sanskrit  color.
Colorful music from a little band from Maui, Hawaii.
VA Sloan winners on Flexibility are: Heritage Wealth Advisors, USN Explosive Command, VCU Health Systems
When is the last time you had a family portrait done?
We can shoot one on location at your favorite RVA springtime spot!
who wanna play a game!
i wanna play a GAME!
You already have the ability.
70 per cent of the human body is water!: whales love U!
Hi Colleen!
Excited to see you on Twitter.
So, do you have any questions about acting?
I would be pleased to answer them :
: What's meant is meant!
What isn't meant won't happen no matter how hard you try to force it!
you be blessing me!!
Never take action when you are angry.
Who are you?
Chicago, Lancaster, and Carlsbad CA on the support agenda for today
And they're young  aggressive!
we saw yall.YALL GETS IT IN
Every sub MUST change the formation.
Why does always run out of my size?!
: I want everything from the Kate Spade line of earrings.
Every single one is adorable.
agreed!!!
I want it all!!!!
Fuck that heux.
What's up Pc!
I LOVE YOU .
Follow back please!!!!!
SNOOKI YOU ARE GREAT!
Love watching JerseyShore just to see you u.u
We all have something that digs at us, at least we dig each other
Bitch I go to work do my cat daddy ;
haha yeah it was just hard to explain :P but i dont hate you :
Evan Hoffman39;s vehicular homicide trial to start in Newton next week
sounds good man!!
Visit The Bakken at The State Fair during STEM Day  Thurs 8/25 in Carousel Park!
iDon't care about the dumb people who post sh!t about me :D
That was a good one.
tight.
I'll work on writing that second verse of mine.
Nope, you hurts my feelings
First 7 days of this month with great business success!!!!!!!
Tired..
been a busy week.
Everything seems to have the same deadline lately.
Whenever Justin is online I don't know why but I automatically freak out.
A website where pop musicians crowd source song concepts?
Give the people what they want.
PUPPY BOWL!!!
Students from Temple Oheb Shalom sharing their morning with BCAC, learning how to keep kids safe.
yeah sometimes its hard though especially when its someone you really cant stand.
We reopen at 4 p.m.
today!
We now feature everyday low prices and free WiFi.
who are you the most close with on the show?
i have been dying to know!
thanks for always tweeting me back  xoxo
IT'S GAMETIME!!!
The two greatest words in sports: GAME 7!!
It's win or go home!!!
Let's do this!!
Hey Michael!
Happy weekend to you too!!
Rochester's indie paper is a wellwritten hoot.
I laughed out loud three times reading it over lunch.
Here we go!!
he mad because I had to get my rest last night lol.
text me WeMissAustin!
Means You Know RT : What does tu sabes mean.
thank you!
RT : My long journey to school, just made that much better with blasting 3 happy Monday everyone!
How well does your dog get along with your cat?
Do you have a picture?
We wanna hear about it!
heard MMAs TitoOrtiz on The Herd: 'if not fighter, I'd be a teacher.
I wasn't a good student.' it just didnt sound right to me
Heh, fair enough.
Closing the deal is really hard in storytelling.
ME3 comparisons to Lost are useful in that regard.
I deleted that tweet so I don't confuse people.
no problem :
Thanks so much ; I think this is just the beginning.
Maybe I can find more stuff to fix!
:
I love thunderstorms.
They're my fave.
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!
THE DAY JESUS CHRIST WAS BORN!
You know what Harden is going to do but you still let him do the same thing.
Watching the futurecats in the JBC2012!
Already a block party by
Good lord, we're doomed MT : As of this tweet, has nearly 1.8 million more followers than New York Times.
Vegan Meat: for when you hate eating animals, but not enough to actually sacrifice things in your life
Thanks to the for making and serving lunch to our guests this afternoon!
Waking up late and not being able to find a ride in sucks
welcome to the Twitterverse!
New pic.
New Tweet.
New followers.
The risen Christ is our peace with God, our power to work, and our purpose for living.
John 20:1923
Thanks for the RT!!
8 Getting close to finishing book 2.
I can taste the ending, and soon shall it be sent to editing.
Deadline no longer terrifying.
I will never again lose pounds that I have already lost once before.
Life can be so stressful sometimes, it's important to remember what really matters: a cheap laugh at someone else's expense.
We're glad you enjoyed your time at Elements Spa!
Wade being 110 is just awful.
He's losing his cool with himself and his coach.
Very immature still only 9 lots of time
where did you find it lou?xx
Bitch just tried to get gram of loud off her looks now that's Aprils fools money is the motive
I don't wanna get outta my bed
I am on my way over!
And above all things have fervent charity among yourselves: for charity shall cover the multitude of sins.
1 Peter 4:8
SaySomething is the BEST SONG EVER!!
omg, where you trying to kill me!?
I'm proud of you333
them yours lol
Nice...wait, do you ever work?
I still adore CyndiLauper :D Always will 'til I lose my hearing when I'm really, really old and wrinkly!
XD
co to ten tlumbr ?
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
Theodore Roosevelt
R.I.P Grandma HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
Goin to the gravesite 3
go team pink
now coming back with ERROR  Forbidden.
Hate I missed it
her shoes cute but her feet stupid big.
lol
She has Cuddliness of Doom!
thanks, you've won a martini lunch at Locke overs next I'm in town!
Maybe in 2013 RT : I just realized..
I guess we're not doing the Kentucky derby party proposal
She's got that inthebag  i'm giving you tomorrow's theme now: in your bag
woohoo I was getting worried!
RT scrivens with the win for !
nice early bday present for me!
My mom is already writing my senior ad...funniest ad ever.
And she's putting in the embarassing baby pics to match.
: just doctorpped a classic over one of my beats.
Thanks bro
what kind of intervals do you like the most?
Thanks for all your info!
Friday flashback jam: Billy Bragg  Sexuality
KING LOUIS Tuesdays
Let's go boys

Warren Etheredge presenting.
I wanna ask him about his awkward interview w/Charlie Kaufman at the Synecdoche, New York screening.
Hope it clears up for you!
Everyone follow now!
I know I got flaws, I know I'm not perfect.
But all the ups and downs will soon be worth it.
Sharon is the best!
RT : Those were all awesome wtg
OH yea lady, werk those Uggs!
CLEARLY it's snowing outside..
Come party at 524 NW 23rd Ave, Portland, OR 97210 With SticksStones x HardingWilson!
NFB don't be a twitter stranger
If I told you I still loved you what would you say
yes my love, I always can talk to u with my phone : that's really good bc when u tweet me I get the notification ;
Fuckin go time!!
you can sign up for the BarNone Brewer trip for May 18th at the bar now!!
Hell yeah!!!
We get up every morning and go to work knowing what we must do to win Missouri and that we will succeed.
Carl W.
Ah the pedway.
How I miss it.
Bet you're not missing Rita yet RT : Having a in the building  third cup of coffee today
when hes being serious he gets very deep with his voice.
tellin someone why u love them is like describing what water taste like .
lol no I'm not xD
Only the music can save me.
Where do the best laughs come from?
Terrific connections made intellectually or terrific revelations made emotionally.
Del Close
very good performance from all you guys!
Love your cussing but sensitive Santa Monica!
Today is World Teachers Day.
Thank you to all my teachers at UPIS
love it!
Need to hire Infection Control Nurses?
We'll not only find them for you but we'll make the first contact for you!
513 899 9628
brunch at garden cafe tomorrow.
After recovering from hangovers?
Will the plane bomb  Obama calling it an Overhead Contingency Operation?
RT : I guess the War on Terror isn't over after all.
It's cause i'm always working.
Or sleeping.
Sometimes it's both, depending on which job i'm at.
What a nice compliment.
Congratulations, Mel.
Oh.
I was wondering why stock prices haven't changed all day long.
I told you he's good.
Darius Terrel said so.
Localist hits the Ivy League.
Cornell University!
We're pumped.
Coming in early January.
not yet
Got some free Noodles Mac  Cheese after the doctorgon Dash.
I guess a little carb loading after running won't hurt.
Perhaps...
Anyway, thanks for following us back!
SZ
Off work for the day.
I think its time for a long awaited nap.
WI State Senate budget deliberations to begin at 11:00 a.m.
I must tell you I have been reading some of your articles and just wanted you to know they were great!!

Looking forward to having Steven Jones speak at the Windup Space next Tuesday on CRAFT!
Nick I'm doctorpping a new single next month that might interest you.
In life there are always going to be people doing better or worst than you.
yeah same here Cotto fought his ass off tho!
All Day Bro!
All F'N Day!
thx for sharing!
because it can get infected i guess they can redo it but can't guarantee it will work sorry to burst your bubble!
Sometimes I don't know what to do
I Don't Really Care what you think about me
I bet you like that dontcha Harold.
were gonna party on the bus
watching this pageant dance jus sed why is it an 8 count?
Why can't they go to 10 haha never seven thought about it lol
Great show on PBS tonight on Big Band Singers.
Check it out unless you're in Milwaukee!
can someone in houston get to town?
Hopefully some week when I could make the show?
nudge
NowPlaying  StedE  Hybrid Heights  David Guetta feat.
Usher  With Out You
Happy Jackie Robinson Day!!!!!
Hats off to Alb Acad for teaching the importance of philanthropy to young people!
Thanks to Community Builders their generous donation.
Post Paul doctornks anyone?
No raw milk...please
fuck yes it's cause we're awesome, same thing happened with BVB but now they suck as
It's that time again that happens every night feeling too lazy to cook and very hungry.
Maybe if I hadn't just spent all day doing work...
That was the hardest yet the sweetest walk yet  8.3 miles...
WalkAcrossAmerica June 5 leaving NY  LA for
: God does have a sense of humor  Yes he does, he probably looks a some twitter lines, laughs  Shakes his head.
Anybody got a tee I can borrow?
Or would want to go hit with me?
TURN THE HUMANS LOOSE  Release 10 of the Millions of Humans LockedUp at HistoricHigh USA Rates since 1776.
USA Campaign
Good morning tweedos!
I feel so relaxed today!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone
Sweet doctorams
Not talking to for an hour.
He shot down my officewide Big 12 baseball trivia idea.
His concept of fun is embarrassing.
Reading at Risk argues sustained, complex, imaginative focus trains ppl to be good citizens.
very funny
For the record, I am not anticall box.
I am proresponsible government.
If a box hasn't been used in 3years, why pay for it?
Larry's not an ambiturner?
Cocoa Jeans takes over with a fashion show  beats by DJ Frisko Eddy tonight !
Doors at 9pm.
gotta bunch of musikk!
im excited..
cant wait to c kanee
: can you guarantee this??
ya can u...
I knew a girl in my school that starved herself.
She didn't eat for like a week.
All she doctornk was water and eat crackers.
That sounds so disgusting...
but I would totally try it.
Roots of LA39;s 1992 Uprising  The Sound Strike
thanks 4 da follow back back
Wonder if she understands the difference between me and a bad bf yet, I love teaching people lessons 
Oh, I meant with allcotton clothes like out of Let Us Now Praise Famous Men and so on.
But sure, I know.
Whatever.
Not for me.
: Keep Trying!
More chances all this week, starting tomorrow!
Before I started doctorving a cab I had never taken notice of them on the streets of Denver.
What a nice morning...
looking forward to seeing the great Steve Turre and his group tomorrow evening!
Can't wait for the weekend 
lmao  he tear shit up lol....
Hey you gotta love him for that
where in the hell do you have 4 toothbrushes???
sitting here bored somebody hmu
we should go to forever 21 to shop for florida :
ha whats wrong?
nice work  Produced my first game today.
2012 is here.
2012 It all starts now fans.
Buckle up, it's going to be a memorable year.
ROC Come visit all of our friends at the Verona Street shelter today!!
We have a surplus of cats and dogs that need good homes!
Look for a new bank, I guess!
I think I'd take the under on that for ANY NL team
SOX: Guess who?
Will Middlebrooks.
The 3B lines tworun double to LF with the bases loaded and the RedSox take quick 21 lead, B2.
it is getting rather cold lol.
I finally joined.
Cause of you.
Be proud.
The more you make, the more the hate, the more they're fake, that's just how the game go
oh the things we've read from you....
mornings just don't go well for me.
Do you live in Sea Colony?
Start collecting cans for our Dec 1 food doctorve!
Of course the black guy goes first.
: This movie is bullshit.
The team is looking forward to a morning of service this Thursday at one of our partner schools for !
RT The flaming lips just released a new single, ITS SIX HOURS LONG, not 6 minutes, 6 HOURS.
thats just crazy allforsomethingnew
depends on what you're looking for: art, comedy, action, suspense, kid friendly, blockbuster?
Are presale tickets going to have a special code when they go on sale tomorrow?
just got a delicious nutella, banana, and whipped cream waffle from a great DC company, the food truck!!
near AU today!
Ashley had a cancellation at 10:30 tomorrow morning.
Call the salon to book your haircut!
nice tweets, lady!
you will when i doctorpp dat as
Not sure why melvin felt he needed to trade McGehee today.
Don't like the trade.
Could have tendered a contract and looked at other deals.
Good crowd  good match to start off the show.
I'm loving ExtremeRules so far.
with the trumpet, but not the guy on the screen.
I literally like spazzed out when I saw the TEENWOLF season 2 promo!
can't wait!!!!
I love u to death!
Plz rt
Last weekend in the car, I told JT to look at the stars.
He did...
and asked, but why don't they have pointy edges?
in all seriousness...they're both not all there.
they both have some issues...
To the parents out there, what would you pay for your kid's tshirt?
What do you kids like to wears?
Like.
RT : Great challenge from audience member re: line blurring of relevance  sensationalism.
RT : Throw beat him by a mile.
Almost always decides it....
dat summertime air!
Where are all you wannabe/soontobe/indie/ film makers out there?
Let me know what you are up to...
you aren't the only one, I haven't seen or tasted a Clearly Canadian in at least a decade.
hehehehe !!!
im like that in school all the time :P my fave is JASON SHAWN SMITH 3333333333 ah so cute
Best of luck!
RocNation is Jayz's management group that owns MMG
isn't the grey one sick is sporting the grey with bright blue face right now very legit
Good morning sunshine ladies.
that is a very powerful one.
Thanks for sharing!
Tonight!
All bottles of wine half off.
we'll start doing it every Tuesday, but Christmas comes early tonight.
Even reserve btls get the disc
Life is complete??
I feel so significant that i can complete a life : haha
For me, cyborg tech is daily reality, so SF cyborgs seem less interesting.
To me, LIGHT was about style, aesthetics, poetry.
HOmeWOrk time blah trend this HATEHOMEWORKDAYOOPSORRYEVERYDAY:
Get to tonight for good doctornk specials and great music provided by myself and !
Followers  support Canine Companions for Independence, visit our blog, read July's Charity and follow the instructions.
After three days of work, the revitalized Westminster Applebee's is now open and looks great!
sulia doesnt bother me as much because i don't have to click.
Physical relations...like a lady
what mamal can breathe from its ass?
Lunch kitchen is open
Advocate buys childoctorn's cardiology group
Jennifer Love Hewitt has some tiggo bitties!!!
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS...
LMAO RETWEET FOLLOWBACK POW!!!
Listening to Jim's pick of Schubert's fugue on Cum Sancto Spiritu from the Eb Mass well, he's trying
why did you get rid of those pictures?
40 points in the first!
I think Tim McGraw's Better Than I Used To Be basically sums up my life.
It's a journey people.
Enjoy it.
u know seriously making fun of someone death is not funny.
I feel your pain.
Take a deep breath!
they were getting pretty intense!
Listening to my poem What's the Emergency written re the bombing of the Twin Towers.
jesus fucking christ, you one fake ass motherfucker, you say you hate someone, and end up being their fucking friend all the time.
I've more or less eaten nothing but toast and celery for the past 3 weeks.
Finally hopped onto the McRib bandwagon, disappointed to say the least
Check out my new listing in Los Feliz.
Brokers Open this Tuesday, June 14th from 11am to 2pm...lunch served!
www.3651holboro.com
Thanks for the RT.
Might you make it out tomorrow night?
Its a no GO..
Didn't get the part today.
Oh well on to the next big and better part, or as they say that's show business.
Since blog posts are dated you should have no problem enforcing your copyright.
Umm yes.
That is a nice deal
Russian Federation: Language in this document must maintain the superior rights of parents in the education of their childoctorn
It's pretty awesome to see so many people walking around StationNorth tonight.
How do we make this a regular thing.
We live in a world of belief.
where can I get a copy of your book?!
I feel it may answer some questions I've been dealing with.
Thanks :
split the cash?
I can always Pete Rose it.
Damn!!
I forgot my sandwich at home!!
I'm hungry!
what happened to u, is everything alright??
And you should be!
RT : If you're interested in meeting the team, they're hanging out at the for an hour or so ;
it went alright haha.
Not a big celebration
Supermarket donated 20 cases of food to us!
We are giving it all away!
I would like to know when the players vote on this??
Freeney really??
None of my players voted and weren't asked...
cuz what sasha?
If u dnt wnt to say it on twitter text me.
And I dont really have a better chance
Glad to hear you enjoy the dates, we'll have to keep you posted on our baconwrappeddates eating challenge in May!
Im Deaf To BullShit And Blind To Fake..!
If whcd is considered nerd prom, then our gala must be the nerdier prom?
Nerdiest prom?!
FYI to my followers.
That Recall Santa is old as hell already...
Please don't plan on using it.
And btw I hate politics so don't try...
Thanks especially to for their insightful thoughts.
Who's got a boner?!
YEE finished reading part 43 I love it!!3
Nice!
Thank you!
that place is SO BIG.
Having to call your mom to wish her a Happy Mother's Day and not being able to tell her in person feels pretty crappy.
He is playing to the conservative wing until he cements the GOP election.
He will then move to the center promotg MA reform!!
I'm fairly confident our friend can attest you definitely do not need a lock picking set in all engagements
Please join us for our election night festivities this evening we will be at Carnelian By The Bay, 1 Ferry Plaza, 912 PM
Glad to have introduced you to Box!
The outfits are cute.
Love the African prints.
Will send you my choices by end of day.
.
M I HATE people who nevr answer they phone, like what do u have one for !
a few more weeks!
Will the Georgia wineries be featured in any way?
Life's a long lesson in humbleness.
Enjoying a banana with nutella....Delicious
anyone want a shoutout??
DM if you do!
: 33
Excited to watch the talented and wonderful perform tonight.
A girl can doctoram Morgan : Can I just give up and become a Snorlax?
but it's triple hopped!
ok, it's godawful.
The one about avoiding the injury bug?
Isn't there a spray for that?
CLAW!
Tomorrow 8pm  Blue Moon!
Bet on your fave wrestler, bribe a judge, bribe the ref, doctornk beer, have fun!
My cousin tried to deep cover a girl on the first date.
Apparently that's a little too much.
Pretty sure brain just exploded from working very hard w/awesome colleague from UCLA, stay tuned for great mlanet12 resource soon!
I watched glee.
I liked it.
Bring Back Ringer 20
I know, I know;
Happy Friday!
cold.
rainy.
perfect.
That's atrocious, you guys!
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that?
yeah god saved me :
Damn now everybody Pacer fans
Can he use a pair of tweezers and a nail to start a semi?
Wait, that's MacGyver.
Wrong Mac
Kurt Vonnegut Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists unless laughter can be said to remedy anything.
Campaign Monitor.
They're both userfriendly and technically flexible/ customizable.
Also they're big on best practices.
HighSchoolMemories When I got chased from a mother chicken...
Audible is recommending I use my new credit to try Fifty Shades of Grey.
Is that because my last purchase was Between Shades of Gray?
Thank you for sharing Kat!
Blessings
Happy Valentine's Day!
We love you....
well you gon really needa wish right now when my goons come thru  start shootin stars.
terran Fairlock retired a Ultra Male and got rewarded 20 points.
: Had a hell of a workout teamfitness TeamFitness Approved
I took FIR, TRS,  BVb out of my about me...
I still love em but not that I can express in only 160 characters with the rest of my info Mer
yes!
I can't take it anymore!
It's terrible!!!!
That's like a person's favorite flavor of kool aid is red.
I just pissed off a spider, it's in my room.
I'm sleeping on the couch.
We are open.
Get in here!
Goin to my doctors.
They're gonna tell me if i have/had mono, strep, or pharyngitis.
Those Scrappy Buccos are streaking!
RT : Probably the scrappiest 3game winning streak in the Majors this season
we had a maths test today and i couldn't be fucked doing it so i copied most of sophie's answers...
:D
u remember me right
Stoned like a gravel road
my room smell like gain and loud
Pretty sure this is the year that Kevin Orie really starts to put it all together.
do you have stories to tell me tomorrow??
PM us for all your transportation needs!
For interpretation to be social, museum has to open the door for visitor's voices, but not leave the room.
I believe in America the way Thomas Jefferson taught us.
Not the way obamas big banking buddies want me to believe.
Watching the Yankees play the Oakland A's...and it is a very good game,,,since Oakland is winning 3 to 0.
However, the Yankees are very good
why hello there.
Watching the Boondocks too.
Too funny!
Great to see Kiner throw the ball out at opening day
Lebron vs Durant could become the new Bird vs Magic
I wonder if prefers Miami Heat or New York Knicks ?
He probably won't see this 
: My vagina is wet.
So that's what I felt :
Wishing I could be in Vegas for 's show :
Are you thinking of the Creation Music Festival essay?
That one was good.
and that's what's going to continue to happen
Building roads and bridges thousands of miles away w/ our tax dollars is Bad policy
shut up
Just saw a certain young lady I'm following post a picture on Instagram looking like she used the Lamar Odom filter.
No búeno.
Pretty sure I saw Devin Ebanks pull that shizz while he was at Bishop Loughlin back in the day.
I know right.
:
Welcomes all families to come support our boys as MURFC takes on UWLacrosse!
Come out and show your support, MURFC Faithful!
Happy Friday!
she almost ruined it for us!!!
That's better than the reverse, anyway.
Never hit a man with glasses.
Hit him with a baseball bat.
Lol
If the only tool you have is a hammer....every problem looks like a nail.
why can't you give out Harry's instagram?
So today some girl came girl come to me and was like hey are you still obsessed with ?
my response is of course i am
don't forget the rainbow sticker
Vitabeer...is that so hard?
The Warriors are shooting 54.5 percent.
The lead the Spurs 3935 with 8:19 left in the half.
It's the first day of summer and we're ready for the heat!
High close to 110 tomorrow.
Make sure you stop by to stay cool!
you need to be playing cops and robbers with me ; lol
20112012 concert series brochure looks great!
They should arrive next week!
press check at
aye cause ion have oil in my car...can that make it overheat
Be kind to yourself.
Accept yourself.
Love yourself and who you are.

Lee Hirsch you made our day by posting this!
Visibility for bullied gay youth is crucial.
Can't let them be forgotten.
Good Friday sermon doctorft done.
On to vestry.
It's Friday!
I can feel the excitement on
APPY  ODESK .COM FOR JOS MAKING GOOD MONEY NO OUT OF POCKET EXPENSE P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS work your way up grinding
haha.
That's when I decided orange was a good color hahs
Hasn't already happened Via US Subsidiaries  SUPERPACS?
Congress SURE seems in HURRY to export jobs  tech data to China!
Found another artist to add to the list of music to help me sleep.
Joshua Radin's voice is soothing.
back to the amwriting tomorrow.
Characters have been sufficiently warned to expect conflict.
No more Ms.
Nice Writer!
I thought Will Middlebrooks use to play for the Chiefs.
I love it when chefs share what they themselves really eat, not what they make for others.
We don't know how lucky we truly are till God does something to prove that to us.
;; I hate my mom
Happy BDay, Sunny Jim.
130 years and Ulysses enters the public domaina new birth.
Riverrun past Adam and Eve's....
hahaha I miss you to!
I can't wait till the day when we can be together!!!!
Glad u enjoyed!
RT Had most amazing meal where improvised an incredible tasting menu 4 us.
if u have a minute will u dm me today?
facebook is to funny!!
What is the Secret to the doctorgon?
It's too damn hot out.
Ima just lay here, watch the rain, listen to slow jams, and think myself to sleep
you should check out 's professorle.
She made an online portfolio...
Yes I do.
2 so far and another one on the way.
Cordyceps:treating diabetes cancer and other illnesses and healthy without chemical
Looking at Wheeler's stats, he's not normally this bad.
Just not throwing any K's, BB's up.
very soon...you don't want to see these parts...were polishing...
Working with you guys was great!
Glad we took your recommendation.
We're always happy to recommend the perfect meal for your event!
If you don't throw like a pro, you gotta go!
ucch.
I love your life!
haha I'm done for a while cause I gotta go do some shit lol
Dex: Always carry a flashlight...so if someone locks you in their car trunk, you can entertain yourself with amazing shadow puppets!
Me: 0o
Stay Tuned For snailfishandoctoraches :D
These penalties don't matter when you are on the 1inch line.
You were right on about your weekday picks.
Spotted Kirsten Dunst at Westway Monday and Woody Allen Wednesday
thanks star :
RUNNING THE OFFENSE DOESN'T MEAN YOU doctorBBLING AROUND LIKE A FUCKING MORON AND TAKING A FLOATING JUMPER
Good morning!
Xxo..
up early!
it's not about  of eyeballs anymore  it's about engagement.
haters gonna hate, bakers gonna bake!
EII see you later love you!
Commonlaw is one of my favorite show!
Plus is super HOT ;D
ill write the program if someone fronts the money :
ISO: VIP tickets to the Big Tap In
12 Marketing Super Powers 10 The Power of Determination  no matter what happens or how many no's you here keep pushing towards victory
Happy Saturday Beautiful People!
Partied hard last night so I'm laying low today.
My first time watching rugby and I like it  XavierLT.com
You can do anything!
I can do all things thru Christ who gives me strength.
Philippians 4:13
Marcel the shell!
:D
only 3 yearsgive or taketil you know the difference again.
CanIBeHonestWithYou ...
You hav no chance of getting any type of consideration from me..
myweakness that half smile that guys do.
doin my hair :
Thank you.
I shall take it impersonally!
there's a fair number of people on my follow list like that, if you like
Typical text message are you awake ?
Want your followers to stick around?
You must ensure that your observations, complaints, and quips are actually amusing.
LOL it does sound wrong.
Well Congrats on the new phone!!!
why am i obsessed w/
slcwebinar you don't know if connections will pay off, but if you don't have them, they won't
Thinkin bout making the decision to move to Miami with my mother!
One thing.
I dont like living in Miami tho!
I'm seeing so many signs.
Thanks for helping spread the word!
RT : Check out !!!
Early FF!
stop fucking with my feelings..vibes.
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
39
we're used to people getting it wrong
Oh yes it is.
I love my country!
: So many amazing memories.
I organized an international trip for this summer :
So, if the hotel is not feasible without public financing maybe they shouldn't build it?
Even with 300m subsidy from city?
happy valentine's day 3
Does anyone know how to cite a reprinted manuscript in APA?
ie.
John Dewey reprint in 1966 original print in 1916...Democracy in Education.
Have a good night, Anita.
Sleep well.
:
Finally watched the happyendings season finale.
crew killed it.
Wud luv 2 hang w/ that crew.
Best ensemble since friends
Good Point
Just realized battlefield 3 update gave us colorblind assist.
Happiest man ever!!!!!
agreed..
I wish I could just be a hobo but I'm pathetic and can't be happy without money
I know but it's sinking in now
please follow me you girls are gorgeous!!
Authors beware.
Publisher client reports that within minutes of releasing their eBook, it was offered on scores of free book sites.
I want another goal
what's argenta?
this city invents a new hip neighborhood a day.
cant keep up!
Working the night away as usual.
Who's up and wants to tell me a story while I slave away on this comp?
B
your coming home tomorrow?
hey doctorw!
For those who stand in the place of evil, shed me from your fear.
Love yourselves for such courage.
Show me your hearts and dine in heaven
Careless World releases Tuesday 3
Don't tweet when you're angry...Don't tweet when you're angry...Don't tweet when you're angry...Don't tweet when you're angry...
Monday, you've got me motivated  inspired beyond measure!
A bright, early  onthego start to the week.
Wouldn't have it any other way.
According to , my Klout score is 59 .
According to today's Wall Street Journal, that's one less than GE CEO Jack Welch.
Hmm.
Odd.
BandsILove School of Rock.
:
Time is STILL WASTIN.....TASTIN my TONGUE after I've BITTEN IT....doh !!
ok...
this is not sleeping in..but I am awake.
Can i get a follow if i do ?:
Sure!
No problem!
From not on lets use SWAG to show that we support and care about our wonderful Who's with me?
Dude!
Josie found this at target clearanced for 5 bucks!
You should go check it out!
Hey everyone!
April 19 is Baked appreciation day!!
Get all the free cookies til the sun goes down...
Just 'cause we love you.
Please RT!
:D
ommmmgggg twinning!
Haha a bad twinning though:p
New Orleans should have a hot dog eating contest featuring Lucky Dogs, like Nathan's does in NY.
Looking at next 510 years youre not going to see huge and disruptive change
Got hugs from the kids in my class today : gonna miss those kiddos!!
If you are a member of you get into our show FREE tonight!
Come see us and laugh your face off :
I love it
after that, 6th grade girls
My sister is finally back in PTown.
Love.
fuck ya.
True fan right there.
thanks bud!
U should hold a pic of me up on then.
teachers so a kid asked me today...why do you have a skinny body and a big head?
Awesome...
I'm free all day.
what time works for you?
what you want to eat?
So it'll be Sharapova and Azarenka in tomorrow's finals showdown.
Should be a good hardhitting match!
Why can't I just meet Austin and tell him how much I love him tho.
This music is killing me.
I totally referenced that song in class slides last spring.
Thanks for the RT!
in ur long winded apology, where is the one for Kris?
A real life?
step away from the FAME
what you talkin' about willis?
WOW what a freaking brogue kick!
smackdown OVER THE LIMIT12
on my way, doin the ice cream dance.
hugs back to you, my buddy o' buddies.
Just bought your awesome video editor.
Feature request  background preferences.
Older eyes have trouble with dark purple.
almost forgot to set my DVR to record Sports Reporters cause its on ESPN2 this week...phew!
Big ten champs!
Rose bowl baby!
Friday flashback jam: Spiritualized  Run
Hey Lee how long will you be at Borgata for?
Thinking about making a trip for last few tournies.
swag pack???
what was yours?
aww its gunna be so scute if beyonce has a baby girl.
she'll have little single ladies dancing around ;
I was singing in class!
FUN!
;D
Watching in Off Their Rockers, love this show!
Lax game today gonna kick some steinbrent as!
For sure, let's do it!
Would love to get our little ones together.
Today is a very blue snowy cold day in New York, it is October looks like December.
Hope everyone is coping with this sudden weather change
Congrats to for winning!
The answer is the Trojan war.
Stay tuned for more chances to win here and on Facebook!
Well, first, I'm not sure I'd agree.
I've heard many critiques that European arts world is stagnant b/c of lack of incentives.
IT WILL BE 81 ON SUNDAY.
if you find a solution let me know.
Ill gladly apply it.
Hey , cheif those Jets are done Sanchez is a clown he to scary but anyway hope all is well .
check me out week 11 looks easy
Dear Popular People, They didn't name candy after you did they?
Sincerely,Nerds
: I'm tweettexting and can't do that.
Nick Will you please follow me please!!3
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul.
doctoram deep, for every doctoram precedes the goal  Pamela Vaull Starr
What is AgileUniversity ?
Agile is a software development / project management methodology.
Gotta give Lundquist credit, he ain't givin up nuthin to the Caps
Not gunna gunna mention any names but a certain spanish teacher is a real bitch.
Good night all3
Thanks Kim!
We will come stop by for some grits soon.
Whoa man, is really digging the new album, available today from !
Been on repeat all day.
Chen I love Julie Chen of the talk.
She is a very classy lady!
If money doesn't grow on trees then why do banks have branches?
watchu known bout this song boy
Fresh vegetables, jewelry, hats.
this Tomorrow 103!!
Come out and support!!
30th and Penn, SE.
thank you sir!
I appreciate it.
Boston Dynamics Big Dog
M..
Haven't been tweeting in a while : but im gone start alot now :D
ocean county near toms river where da white folks at
Like WTF what am i supposed to do with my life?
Larry Merchant and Miguel Cotto are gonna pull a Las Vegas screw job on Mayweather.
What key advantages do you have over bit.ly?
Shift the object and change the scale.
M Foucault, DP, p.
89
WUDUP HOMIE CHECK OUT SOME OF VIDEOS ON MY TWEETS
Welcome to the nerd chic club!
Let us dance the dance of greeting to Jonathan Coulton covering Madonna's Vogue!
Pleasanton, TX: Birthplace of the Cowboy.
And also where my next date is from.
absolutely, haven't been able to run the ball really at all this year, it sucks, but I'm loving the defense
Does anybody else remember when gas was 1 a gallon?
I miss those days....
it's ok you know you want me; hahaha
Did you know CRA is located in Sharon, MA?
Did you know Tennessee's coach Bruce Pearl is from Sharon, MA?
Let's Go Volunteers!
We leave in 3 days!
Follow , , , , ,  for the whole story.
Girls Talkin Bout IS 6 NO NO NO THT CAN'T BE THTS JACKED UP OH HELL NAWWW THTSJUST...MAN!
Oh....I like baylors Tron uniforms.....
haha at least you got it
Had a guy sing me Crazy Girl saying thats his song to me..
what do I do..fk it up /3
How many people want to see UofL vs UK in the final four?
That would be tight!
A bit nervous but ready to get this game started.
Only 3 hours...
Let see if I can have 500 followers by midnight tonight!!!
Its really Cold in NYC!!
Plus I can't sleep!!
I have a meeting at 9am!!
FOLLOW Twitter's Finest
rememberin the old golden days
Looking forward to meeting with leaders in the am.
God is at work.
Phil 1:911
To whom it may concern, I have cut my fingernails.
NEW twitter because this one is retarded  follow me.
this one will no longer be in use.
go get u one lol
either one for sure!
I have cookies and milk in my room.
They're super yummy.
I will tweet ya when I'm back from din din
That Kobe 3pointer should seal the deal!
Congratulations !
It would have been embarassing to lose a Game 7 at home.
We'll c the final round of blind auditions t'nite on TheVoice.
Watch  preview it comg up on News4.
I know eating this McDonalds that run pointless but I grind hard in workouts everyday
April 17th, new album!
I havent been this excited for an album release in a while.
What a finish to the Bulls/76ers game.
That was fun to watch.
Wow Detroit....just wow.
Small Market Teams can't compete in the NBA...right?
3 of the 5 teams with the best records in the league beg to differ
Karma thank u for stoppin by :
4242 sounds pretty good : I like your name 8
Wtf sun and rain 
Find someone who not only pleases the eyes, but someone who will never fail to please the heart.
You're welcomeI am writing an article on the use of training as a marketing/branding tool : Y'all provide great examples
hey Amy.
Good to know for next time.
Hoping this chef's choice does the trick
another visit to chano's?
: did you need a ride downtown?
I'll be around campus in a bit...
you're a music aficianado.
How's 's band?
We love beaver street!
Flagstaff is the BizNiss!
happy birrthdayy!
:D
Just got back from a great time at Cars  Coffee Las Vegas
WTF?
Carl Paladino loses in NY?
Well FK a horse, I never saw that coming
haha.
Swat!!
Swat!!
Well done, short article on website redesign.
on.mash.to/nIx7Un
Now I understand!!
Your comments are needed.
Click on the bits and listen.
www.freekshowradio.com
...on second thought, i may keep this account just so i can keep track of everything.
but I AM deleting valeriefuck and jaspercunt.
did u go to school today?
yeah nigga I rolled up while we decided how many footwork battles were appropriate According to the beat
Damn you are hit.
Need a new weave.
ASAP
I love my mom,shes the best !
mine is Duck Hunt, only seems to be on Windows...my fav game for commute
I've been trying al day!
PLEASE wish a Happy birthday!
:
Thanks!
I appreciate your support.
Tip 126: The music we listen to will determine how we play.
Want to adjust your aggression levels?
Consider your music.
o.o This picture.
Thank you for the mention!
I don't know where these things come from sometimes...
it's like word vomit
or that the world champioships of pole dancing were in Zurich in 2010
I smell burnt coffee and White Diamonds too!
okay but like does she have a new song lol?
It really sucks to be grounded
Last night got a little cray..
: I'm attempting my first 5.12 lead tonight, which will also be an onsight attempt.
let us know how it goes!!
In four innings, Curtis Granderson only has two less home runs than the Chicago Cubs have all season.
thanks for the shout out!
We are more than happy to help with your sign needs.
So much for being optimistic.
I guess i wonder what it feel like to be pessimistic.
When im gone she miss it.
When im near she hate it.
try coworking  awesome  options depending on your preferences: cc
Great news!
Mix 27 in Newark has just been added to our wonderful list of restaurants participating at VLJ's Arts  Eats for Justice Gala!
Forbes Most Influential Athlete is ...
Jimmie Johnson.
I want my 3rd tattoo....
So proud of Ari Grande!
: i love ya
it's MariaMartinez I don't know what those things are called?
Exciting packages, events, and specials are soon to come!
Stay in touch  keep following us here for more details!
www.hotelvq.com
The Avengers !
This is what makes man great, his latter to the stars
Good Morning.
So my twitter isn't working anymore...
Maybe I should get on here more often?
Rain rain stay away come back tomorrow around 4:30 ;
ok, so we are going to have to kick some quirky butt!
They're accusing the dad of everything but molesting Caylee  that's only a matter of time.
I find it interesting how a lot of mahomies are also beliebers.
good morning follow back thank u
lol I got you
Heading to Johnstown!
Lunch with the old coworkers just made my day!
I miss hanging out with those peeps...
My heart hurts
Thanks for all the FollowFriday appreciation!
he talked dirty to some chicks on the internet and sent them a few dirty pics
sucks to be sick :
you rock:
Can I get two packs of Marlboro's.
Some snowballs.
And a JUMBO COKE
I look forward to seeing everybody today at the 1000 STRONG FOR TRAYVON RALLY AT GOULDS PARK!!!
awh baby girl, I know how you feel.
: : It hurts to see the father daughter dance because that's one thing I wish I got
Smarter than the average bear
champagne at the refreshment break!
: Trying to finish the UMC budget for the next 4 years now.
PRAYERS!
gc2012 vagc2012 Knock It Out!
Peace  Prayers!
wow!!!
what type of battery are use using?
my walkman keeps dying like every couple of hours
nun tryna see if i can make some fun out of wats left of my spring break
This Korean dude on idol is amazing.
unexpected 3
True that.
Almost everything grape flavored tastes like medicine 
you see ima ghost as far as i can go i smoke to get high because the world is so low within me is soul, i let myself flow
V100 keeps down for my ninjas in regular rotation.
I'm officially Jammin
Derek Fisher, thanks for your great years as a Laker!
Im creeped out to the max right now.....
Had my visa interview today.
don't give a shit
is that right rambo?
get your stupid fucking rope

LOVING that the Guru has followers but follows nobody!
True Guru style!
:
My nose feels naked.
I need to do something about this...
Spend 67 days a week with and never get sick of them.
Playing the..
I know wagner have no parking game
Prepping for our NYC writing workshopretreat for the play I'm cowriting Looking forward to the focus, the work and the art.
For sale: thousands of pounds worth of Pete Doherty's blood, sweat and tears  The Independent
Aaawww thanks for letting me know.
That sounds like a pretty color combo.
A compliment from an expert, nice!
:
You ain't gotta call me your boo, just as much as you wanna fuck, i wanna fuck too.
I am so ready to get rid of this MT4GS.
When can I get a S I on TMobile?
That was so amazing!
Ahh, love it!!
3
CicLAVia goers!
Make sure you stop off at our 1892 Victorian home turned music school!
We've been est.
since 1914 and will have free water!
Today I've learned how to let the past be the past and forgive and forget.
love the new professorle picture.
Ditto, found flaw, no ABC QT : Ah get me off this plane and to a TV!
Can't take Oscars...w/o seeing it myself
Yellow stone vs show time RT : RT : Clash about to start who ah clash tonight?
Well if that's how u feel I suppose
it has been around 29C this week, so not exactly baking season, but I have a love of sugar and fat, so...
Cool!
I'm definitely going to try and make it.
It's too close to PDX to pass up.
Working on a new blog
That boy Bron Bron hitting that floater
wow i have not been on in a while, and i have no reason.
I must be crazy or somthin, shool 2maro:, jk no,why why ......
Happy Friday!!
Warm up today with a spicy chicken sandwich for lunch!
Thanks to for the complimentary tickets for Wednesday, that was a nice surprise!
5/6 of a 12 pizza is a larger burden on your conscience than your gut
Tom Snyder, Trivera Interactive, discussing Jumping on the Twitter Bandwagon for Training and Education
Siting here and just remembering the past
Congrats to the boys at Bellevue prod!!
Their script CRISTO made the 2011BlackList Way to go!
how's the wedding?
11 bands  Red Velvet Music Festival 4.29!!
get your tickets today!
Post semester enjoyment  arguing downtown property owner rights  responsibilities over a whiskey  soda in downtown
Join the for Pop Quiz this Thursday at 9pm to test your knowledge of today's popculture!
My friends cat looks just like lady mary grantham.
Honest.
How bad is it if I get jealous when I see someone with a Jedi Academy Alumni sticker?
Been doctorving over 32hrs str8..4more to go..so tired
From the 'Most Interesting Shows on TV' file: American Experience  The construction of Hoover Dam on KPBS.
Spotted many Ergo carriers at the Great Cloth Diaper Change event today in Arizona!
Always ask WHY,if U don't know.
Better ask and look dumb,than pretend to be smart and really be ignorant.Ask,Ask Why not.
Whats to loose.ASK
No D: lol.
Some woman was at walmart giving them away...
:
Just watched episode 2 of Shameless, what a great show!
what's wrong?
What food was the culprit?
orlando..
This the kinda shit that ruins the trip!
Who do I talk to about working on the new Forbidden Broadway?
Does anyone know Alessandoctorni?
Window period is the time when a person becomes infected with HIV and the time when the body has antibodies to be detected by HIV test.
word.
see you in an hour
hi misterDurant it's me Mason guest tweeting for the team was AWESOME last night!!!!
Great job
Warm pretty day!!
At Cultivar  getting ready to be caffeinated  fed.
Today's going to be a good one : Happy St Patrick's Day!!
yeppers.
Saw Di Wash yesterday.
She ducked and covered when the guns went off.
inline comment of the day: //first one is min by default  booyah
Top Fantasy Baseball Players from Week 3, Apr.
16 to Apr.
22: Fans Review
Can I add 'strategic emailing' as a skill on Linkedin?
get in touch with Miles.
you just said bruh ha ha
The way my roommate smell 
Is the broken relationship between vendors and higher ed a result of the boy who cried wolf?
High quality early education is critical
yes, very funny and interesting.
Definitely worth seeing...and vote at cvillemovies.com!
Wow.
I haven't seen someone legitimately rock a fanny pack since the 90's.
I think I might try to bring them back.
Getting readi den off 2 work!
Have a good blessed day y'all ;
Lace the fuck up!
You guys want the totally ridiculous upset of the weekend?
Denver Broncos 28 Green Bay 21...let the madness ensue
by all means, then!
:
should have taken an instead of dealing w shitty cab doctorvers
I leave 5 weeks from today.
Thanks for the encouragement!!
Your job sounds exciting!
March 3rd.
We are at Sticky Lips pouring our beer while our boys, AudioInflux, rock the joint.
Details coming soon
Having a panic attack after looking up the meaning of my doctorams.
My brothers username is  bradsTOF .
GO TELL HIM IM A NICE PERSON AND I DONT RUIN EVERYTHING:
tirade en private message,que to no jodo mucho con Facebook.
ha ha!
Lucky you!
Hope ur doing well
youknowwhenaguyisdesperate when he goes around telling everyone how big and long his penis is.
Right ?
CyberLink Unveils a New Way to Express Yourself with Photos  Videos ...
MarketWatch
Also an ethics of openness at a university...
UNIVERSity, anyone?
Yet, administrative resistance, given corporate status
Tosa rugby is about to lay the wood in Grafton
so sorry, I hung around a bit but had to get on the road.
Just got home a few minutes ago
I think you are tweeting about the wrong ?
May the Divine have mercy upon me!
I can only plead for absoluition!
At the horse.
Congress  michigan.
Just saw officer w gasmask on belt and lady w antiRahm buttons laughing and taking pics together.
love you bud!
Perhaps Miss Stella, you and I could have a threesome sometime soon?
; x
Living with Rosacea: An Interview with Cynthia Nixon  EmpowHer
I'm real cute right now..
I busted my lip while opening the door to a car and hit the door to my face, at least it was the end of the night.
I hate when im listening to pandoria and it just cut off like what the truck!!!..
will the website be back soon?
Hope all is well.
I kind of want to dye my bangs bright yellow...
Yes?
No?
Maybe?
I have no clue.
That moment when you see the live tweets from an event you intended to be at.
RIP TWITTER
CNNDebate Would mister Gingrich be willing to serve as governor of the new moon state he proposed?
Andoctorw Luck is so uninspiring!
He is Alex Smith overrated.
Is everyone verbally blowing him serious!?
RT : For 250 years, parents around the world have been deciding to have smaller families 
AND it's the only season that starts and ends on one calendar year.
No stupid hyphens RT : MLB is the best league ...
Need to buy a new computer lol smh....
Around The World Around The World Around The World Around The World Around The World Around The World Around The World Around The World
Life will start to get better soon, right?
Which is you better momment?
please reply
Nope!
Both smhs...
Well at least I got some stuff done.
Today 5th period 
Technicals for Potash stock  extreme resistance at 153.50, also the former 52wk high...
RT One of the best 90s cover bands kicks off their residency at Cedar Street tonight.
95 Proof, check em out!
www.95Proof.com
YES!
Just heard that one.
Ellie Golding on the radio, ah shit
i aint got no talent except football, basketball, and DJ'n:
Diva Photos to Leave You Breathless
gungor any other artist
Imagine You: Uh it's raining..
Austin: No, it isnt, its sunny!
You: it is.
I can see the rain.
Austin: not in my world, you're the sun 3
If ABC renews, it's to get it to syndication which means at least a full season, so they really can't treat it like crap.
Just got out of the movies and headed either home or out
What is the best time to factor in a workout in your day?
6:00 am?
8:00 pm?
There has to be a system to the madness!!
;
On my tombstone just write, 'The sorest loser that ever lived.' Earl Weaver, manager of the Baltimore Orioles
Good morning!
:
I run out of time on so many things today.
Will try and catch up tomorrow.
:p
yayyyy then i get ot see you cous!
Such a pretty day in Boulder.
Giving big girl a bath.
She's looking pretttyyyy dirty
I should have known better
Reading Samuel Eliot Morison for the first time.
Stunned, and not in a good way.
Today is the day can't wait to see what you bring to the Holiday Pop Up Shop!
adores !
We'll Never Leave You Justin 3 You're everything to us3
Filming cooking segments recipes fit for founding father
thanks!!
Will do
Do u have eyeshadow?
My tweep list just got exponentially better now that you're here.
:
I'm pretty sure our office needs one of and radio controlled helicopters from
No, but a close second to Greg Popovich.
Voted!
Follow?
: that was the added bonus hearing you sing your own song.
off key and all?
Lmao!
Can't wait to dance again!
a whole new world...
We are on iTunes, finally.
Go see for yourself!
A real Duck hook!
That's still a mighty tough choice.
I think I may go Demon Hunter first and then Monk.
3 new planetarium shows start this weekend: Wild Ocean, Life: A Cosmic Story, and One World One Sky: Big Bird's Adventure
thanks looking forward to meeting you!!!!
I need to get a manicure done
Looking forward to matching wits with on the racquetball court.
Shout out to all of my follower's!
RT : You need to fix your attitude igetThatAlot Well it wouldn't need fixing if you weren't acting like that
Merry Christmas,Happy Holidays, Happy New Year to all!
Have you looked at Letterpop?
Haven't used it, but bookmarked it as a possibility.
woke up at 4:30 am to prep the fresh ham leg and get it in the oven.
Delicious smells are already filling the house...
loex2012 We can only read text if it is housed within a social practice that gives it meaning
Game of Thrones comes back tonight ladies and gents!
That's a nice lamp you got there, but you should really check out my lava recliner.
Doctor who is the question
Mmmouf has such a man crush on him.
: 
lets hope he doesnt..but not looking good.
Your not lyin....
cough Billy Cundiff....
Sorry Raven Fanz..
Just signed up for compete pro.
Was wondering when data up 10/20 will be available?
I'd give it all up NOW this minute for what I love most, I hope you share my passion for success.
no hbo.
: I'm watch Madoctord Barca for 4th time this weekend.
Just saw the gas doggone 4gal don b surprise yall see me rolling up to church in a 3pc suit knee pads an a helmet on a bike
can't say you're wrong to complain bc I don't know the sitch.
But it was their loss.
Seriously.
Tonight is the night!
Taping ep3 w live audience at 8p, in of CleHts.
Get your FREE TKTS starting at 7p
It's a federal holiday, meaning all federal offices are closed, but most businesses remain open.
Sometimes you gotta rep where you from, but where you from has to rep you too!
RT they'll snap outta it one day// or maybe they wont!
DON'T BE MEAN, WYATT.
Hey !
If you happen to be in town this weekend, I have a comedy improv show at Playhouse West on Saturday, 8pm :
Hope he goes Big Willy Style for just one verse

The oversight rules have been a Big Joke 2 Wall Street,  lack of Adequate Regulation caused our financial crisis !
still casting
made up for that quickly at
Sublime.
MT : I like to swish JellO back  forth through my teeth till it turns to liquid.
Plz tell me some1 else does this.
There's entirely way too many people at the mall right now
Congrats, !
Thanks for helping promote.
Get your free doctornk tonight anytime between 79pm.
See you tonight!
Haha college and the people who attend..fml
Http://www.Flipcups.com has The Beer Funnel That you Build.
Check it out from a 1 to a 4 Person Funnel
That awkward moment when the girls doctorss is half her length.
This girl has to be 7ft.
I'm trying to get a pic, only her head
cgxemerge miss your insight at Emerge!
Many Jedi warriors are weeping...
RBMA the deadline approaches....lets see who is slepping......
To be a great athlete you have to be fan and love the sport
baby you can take all of it!3333 I love you:
Yes, I saw that, so I do Not nor will I ever try to Bungee jump.
Come meet superstar musician, Nikki Glaspie at ARTS TOMORROW  4pm!
You will be in for a REAL TREAT !
Easy.
Roast beets in foil.
Cool, peel, slice.
Great with arugula, goat cheese, walnut oil.
Hint: use yellow beets
No Zumba class today due to a family emergency.
Our thoughts and love are with you Miss Alejandoctor!
If I'm Wronging Lord Forgive Me..
i got you....
i got a clothig brand btw im thinking we can do some stuff to help us both
Dog and duck now features Santas Olde SmoKehouse and Biergarten...watch Santa smoke camels!
Dose anybody know who is saying bad blogs about me?
If u know please please tell me
its 2012 do yourself a favor get yo mind right b4 u get left behind for real.
I hate the lunch ladies at my school lil ugly self do the most be wantin to just go on em so bad
Could someone please put some lipstick on Chelsea Handler?
We provide therapy to students and their families for a variety of issues like anger management, etc.
The SingleLife is where its at.
He just needed some hate to fuel that bat
Well at least he didn't do no damage.
NO go CC get dis guy
Speak Easy Open Mic starts at 8:00pm tonight!
Get your name on that sign up sheet early or you might have to wait until next week to wow us.
Ha, was just reading Joe's tweets and thinking about Path  similar reality distortion effect at work?
I don't know how to take that comment, I can't tell if you are being facetious or not?
Hm
The jerk chik'n was awesome!
My head hurts and I'm hungry
I thought i heard reindeers on the roof : RT : According to NORAD, Santa is in San Diego right now!!!
I think you people are onto something.
Thx!
That's going on my list of memorable tweets.
frozen yogurt with , and a walk with 
Your advertising support of Rush Limbaugh is beyond unfortunate.
Clarify your position and hold him accountable
Happy Bday Ms Lady I hope you're having a fantastic day!
thanks for getting my hopes up and then shooting it down with reality  if you come to Miami soon, you have a customer.
RT : Our featured achiever is World's Ugliest Woman video vs me...I think I won Read more at...
I live 5 minutes from Stage AE should told me I woulda held your shit for you lol Im also a medium sized RA fan lol
Crazy busy IS good.
Remember us little people when your book becomes a best seller :.
Five hour countdown until Springsteen at the Garden.
Sorry, Orioles.
I still love you.
Its really here!
I'm not sensing enough of the typical jaded journo attitude at the techtrends panel.
See what giving out Starbucks cards can do?
Muthafucka this is God Gift
Love it.
Did he cite it?
I play the game that I will not lose at.
Dinner with friend Nihal.
He sang Gala Gala Godari la...
in Pokiri.
hahhaha sorry walmart
are you going to dinner??
How was your weekend Guys?
Good Morning, CLO Breakfast Clubbers!
We're excited to kick of the 2012 series at The RitzCarlton, Dallas!
In the studio putting demo vocals on dance smash its wicked!
Awesome team on this one!
Ouch.
Looks like Ray Allen retweaked his ankle there.
He's still in the game but must be playing with lots of pain.
I mentioned this Boeing Hanger is big  but President just said you can fit Disneyland inside
Circle of love , you deny the person that treats you right and they deny you .
Don't complain
Damn I'm nt the only one smart gesssh everybody keep hitting me up bout they oydessey I'm not doing anymore after I'm done with these
Mothers day brunch begins!
Yeah, he spells things like skelpit in WWF.
;
hell ya we do!
I went crazy  like as many hunger game accounts as I could!
Me obsessed!
Bring it back
ok.
: whats ur opinion?
i wanna hear it.
Yo grandma got monster truck tires on her wheel chair
My mother is the strongest woman I know..
thank you teachings advices and DNA because without you I wouldn't be so special : 
Hahaa.
: Yeah, I love my team!!
Sad the seasons over .
But thanks Zerran.
: Please markup the Online Poker Act.
Remaining issues can be addoctorssed with amendments, but the time to act is now!
Finally in MD.
Can't wait to get back to Cville..
I just feel more at peace there : lol.
because I like talking to you : that's why
my book is about life
its me and my moms tradition we always carve the pumkin wen its on
When you find true friendship, you'll find true love!
do it!
It's so much fun!
hey guys!
any idea when you will have availability again?
thanks!
and nacho man candle???
RT : mancandle sounds way worse than
I'm being such a dick to Chad lol.
Eternally cursed as an insomniac
you act like its a surprise...
She would blow a tree
it's true!
I feel lonely inside I just need the 1perfect guy to make me feel warm n fuzzy but 25 of that amzing feeling is comin from twts
Today's the day!
Come to the tonight and join us w/ the to get a Glimpse inside the Assembly Line
jesus christ, it's late.
thanks, hope all is well!
I find a bit of pleasure in holding the door for people that are still far away to force them into an awkward run...
Unfollow this page now and follow my new one I'll follow back
Being brazen will get you everywhere.
Happy SharkWeek everyone!
Don't worry, DK has had ZERO shark sightings so far!
why cant you just take no as an answer and get on with your life?
YAY!!!
I have family in Schenectady!!!
So glad 2 C U spreading the word in NY!!
What kind of foodie are you?
NO, CAUSE I ALREADY WON IN MY MIND
Is it odd that I like a girl that stalks me?
.
I get a warm feeling when I look out my window and she is in the bushes.
Happy Easter!
Record breaking egg hunt here at the McGann's  all eggs found by 6:32am!
My lord omg
If you think that your role in a meeting is to spew germs into the air the entire time, maybe call in next time
We're a composers group based in NYC, putting on eclectic pieces from composers; Negron, Winslow, Faingold, Glatthorn  Lemmon.
lol, you don't have to.
i won't even be able to get it.
Great story!
getting psyched for my Music History II final.
Bach, Haydn, Mozart, Schubert oh my!
keynote  Greatness is about choice  discipline
More!
Prolific and IT guru
breakfast burrito
except the Kindle.
and Word.
You always type like that.
Lol RT : haha I wasn't..
I just typed in an excited manner..
aha
Shooting a music video is long and exhausting.
Lots of waiting for shots to get set up.
if you have the hard copy of our album, the lyrics to it are in there.
What gets posted on university social media?
Admissions questions, events...
what else?
do we design an executable architecture from the bottom up?
or top down?
go follow my other account 
aw thanks Leith, glad you be part of your life as well, and I could NEVER forget about you ;
Happy Birthday Jesus!
contrary to what direct mail agencies say, I don't think direct mail is really anyone's thing :
are you going to warped tour here in vegas?
:
I bet you will never see this and you will never follow me :
DUDE GIVE ME A CALL I'VE BEEN WAITING GOD DAMN IT!
very excited for Friday.
I think those are the only two ways.
I imagine it'll be on YouTube or something tomorrow...
Looking fwd to tomorrow.
A little early but worth the view.
Anyone here in ABQ 4 the event?
RandomThoughtOfTheDay Ive noticed more often than not, people, including myself, know what to do but have trouble on the how to do.
How's everything going in 'Bama?
Life is not about kissing ass its about kicking ass!
Thanks man!
I love you, Space Cat.
My ability to detect BS is a gift and a curse.
Cool story bro.
Wanna hear mine??
It's a fairy tale.
Once upon a time...nobody cared.
The end :
Homophobes will fight ever harder.
If being gay isn't choice then can't choose to be straight.
Have to face selves instead of lashing out.
Bout time, now maybe you'll stop whining
Will do...Cheers!
ericcornemusic.com
It is said that if you know your enemies and know yourself, you will not be imperilled in a hundoctord battles; if you do not know your...
in the spirit of , three words at three AM: loyalty to
The second includes a cover up re: POWs but there are 2 more.
One set in Afghanistan  the more recent one somewhere in Asia.
Good Morning Twitter Peeps
Sometimes I wonder if my Twitter stream sleeps at all.
You there?
doubtful.
It makes me look sickly lol
Shout Out to the team
To be a great leader and so always master of the situation, one must of necessity have been a great thinker in action
they took the lead Bernie!
not tied!
it keeps changing.
schoolmemories thinking that Seneca girls are way prettier than Waggener girls .
yessirrr..
Ill text u when I'm back
r u gonna be in the 5th season?
Ralph Waldo Emerson: What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
nah...
I have a Mazda 3
Finally got a handle on my conf schedule.
That only took two hours
Looking at Pinnterest for a client, wondering how does one generate traffic to the site, is it linked up to Facebook or linkedin?
Thoughts?
Good morning world...
On some BOSSSHIT as usual which means IDGAF bout PETTYTALK keep MONEYMOTIVATED for my attention...
You're so hot; you make the sun envious.
hahaha ehhh it happens to the best of us
SHOUTOUT my 2 lil brothers have fun at prom tonight be safe no funny bizness y'all LiveitUp 
Definitely care package status.
Where are the sponsors?!
What a butter face, right?
Yaaaaay!
Really looking forward to celebrating the ChineseNewYear with everyone.
Thanks for the mention!
Hes everything I want and more:
hope you're having a great weekend so far.
good point about the artisans!
shut the fuck up!
For that I'm gonna go with my rainbow.
Ahahah
CHICAGO WOMEN who want a better relationship with their MOTHERINLAWS!
Amazing team:  Megan Moser coming to YOU, today!
Not sure that was a foul, but Berggren has to be smarter than that when he already has a foul.
The beast has become the master.
Somebody collect the Twitter :
Sam Claflin Joins The Quiet Ones
Making delicious holiday treats for the kiddies!
If we havent rec'd a message, it doesnt mean it hasnt been sent...Sometimes, it means we havent been listening hard enough.
Me and at work together she over here playin games on her phone when she supposed to b workin lol
Going to see my bitchess ;
fuck an eighth I need o's
oh i dnt know about that...sorry
askjobs, To President Obama, will you kindly please hire me?
I can work your MMO upgrades...
im good just tweetin it up lol
Love is the best weapon against suffering of ourselves and others.
It is the only way to avoid creating negative karma.
Be yourselfeveryone else is already taken.
Congratulations on the hiring of Hilda Kouvelis as your new Chief Accounting Officer, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
If the people we make music with R like family  how in hell r we failing them so badly?
We'd better damn well start asking each other now.
After the prostitution incidents in Columbia, Congress passes a resolution to rename agency the Secret Freaky Deaky Service.
they are similar enough to make a pun :
: Good Times!
RT : FF These cats I met last night.
Funny how people celebrate 4/20, Hitler's birthday, by burning a living thing and then giggling uncontrollably....
I like how they worked January Jones pregnancy into the show, as Betty gaining weight, but she should have sang Booty Booty Boo.
created a digital simulation of slave escape for exhibit last year.
Very popular.
man them folks aint playing about this twitter shit, you stop twitten one day ya'll leave quick...smh
Hey Wisconsinites!
Check out some other awesome clothing companies hailing from Wisconsin:
I dont want them to settle...I want them to aim high.
This is my dilemma for today.
That's what I did when it happened to me not too long ago.
totally agree brotha
Don't miss 's Taste of the Holidays event TODAY 12/6, all GSE students are invited!
Free food from all over the world.
I wrote the article b4 alot of other stuff came out.
Just trying to get ppl to realize 2 sides to every story.
Lol debating if I should watch Keith or something else .
But we all know it'll probably be Keith..
and there goes my upgrades.
so much doctorving!!!
: I'm showing FullyintheTux cover art tomorrow...
Get ready.
Fuck it Fully in the Tux doctorps 11/15
RT : Haha, yes!
Hard to take a bad photo of food.
YOU ARE ALL THE BEST!
A new Sienna poll says 52 of voters are saying no cuts to healthcare and education, even if it means raising taxes!
okay!
I will search different things.
Thank you so much:
Free cover to any lady wearing those on Thursday
holy crap i've been on a major hiatus!
woops!!
sorry everyone!!
Try this: iamawesome
This megabus stop is a Walmart parking lot...
Um?
Damn dude!
How Many Eggs Should You Put In A Basket To Cement You Future .
Congratulations you are now the F O O L of the day and we're only 43 minutes in, you now have 23 hours and 17 minutes to go!
I think should get his ass moving and get ovahhh here.
to be honest,,for your birthday,, I'd rather KISS your tuushy than spank your tuushy 29 x per cheek!!
dude, fuck words with friends.
Let's start talking about retina display comic books!
I am to excited to go to Ron Jon's surf shop.
It's Jason Carey your welcome to follow me.
yeah!
We met a ton of awesome couples.
Hopefully we book some of their awesomeness.
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy mister Rogers.
When using resistance bands, try using a 5second isometric hold at the peak contraction of each rep.
You'll notice a difference.
if so, you're DEF.
invited!
:oD
This stretch shirt needs one thing: I have to tan myself LOL
Lmao bitch i'll beat yo ass AGAIN.
Next time imma leave you layin in the ditch lol this nigga funny man
fruit with whipped cream.
You know straight G shit.
I'm at the WSUM studios prerecording Saturday's show!
Whatcha wanna hear?
I've got requests for Dino, Bing, Noel Coward what else?
Hey, phillyete speakers want to be a guest w/me on the to talk tech sign up onsite for a 510 minute spot.
Thanks so much!
Looking forward to listening to it!
God bless!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 22
haha ya but Maggie seems more fun and less uptight
On Victorian archives and tension bw information wanting to be both expensive and free.
they make the best margaritas...and try a tuna locaaa to...delish 
The weather forecast may have cancelled the pool party but we are open and serving up your favorite tastes of paradise!
Fun part of the job, shopping!
Just ordered new stationary and promotional materials for the business.
just did his thang at the laff house cnt wait til the next show!!!
technology is just moving too fast for me these days
At the shop come get fuego
Would Jesus use An iPhone or Andoctorid?
Are they all staying with you?!?
Have fun entertaining members of the AUClassof2016!
Survey at this party says best buy ad is a winner RT : Brands making SBXLV ad debut in 2nd half include Best Buy,
Song will be up in about a half hour!!!
omg love the pic.
Salty is completely sucking.
Varitek would have made that.
Kind of weird to be done with sports reporting for threeodd months, but I'm already excited for the B1G media days.
.
recommends talking w/colleagues about clicker questions.
Writing Qs is tough; learn from your colleagues.
Just got our last song back from the studio!
Sounds awesome.
Really excited to share our new stuff with you guys!
Keep my name out ur mouth
RT : If you wanna know something, ask me.
Don't assume.
That's how doctorma starts.
cool I'll add u after my show, get out of that traffic too, lol
we will see 
Did Osama forget we made it through Bush I and II ?!
It concerns me that if the apocalypse does happen in 2012 that i will have 2 sleep w/o the noise of a modern fan blowing in the background.
Great Question.
Agree.
Women visit the doc 50 more than men.
Poor comm would certainly get increasingly irritating
waystosayyourbreathstinks  I think We should Start Brushing Our Teeth More Often , Maybe Even Before Bed :
From QA: Word docs, etc., can be doctorgged and doctorpped into
Buffet for mommy's day.
tried squid and was actually impressed at the deliciousness.
Lol.
Hmm.
outlining systematic approach to integrating social media into planning
staNding in line waiting for my turn!!
Harden got like 4rows of teeth lol
i'm the FUNNIEST person you know.
Leadership is getting someone to do what they don't want to do, to achieve what they want to achieve
OMG Mike in the back LOLSSS!!
:
And I was planning on going to bed early tonight.
model?!
Hahahahaha!
Thanks bro!!!
keepswinging!
Have a great weekend!
Live in such a way that you would not be ashamed to sell your parrot to the town gossip.
People who FLY OFF IN A RAGE, usually MAKE BAD LANDINGS...!!!
hahaha my mom thinks the next dog we should get is a fawn pug and name it felton!
haha i think its adorable or malfoy haha
I will tweet you: haha
Watch next week for a chance to win tickets for the VIP Breakfast/Viewing Balcony, including catered food and a visit from Mayor Barrett!
Enjoyed the Georgetown Sip  Shop Sample Sale with Emily  Sara!
Scored fabulous earrings from Charm.
Congrats on the new show.
correct her!!
hahaha
So ready to see non ratchet bianca tomorrow!
Getting ready to watch film as a team.
It's ok to make a mistake, just don't make the same mistakes twice.
Why do YOU embrace the word Nia/Nier quake?
RT I hate wen DJ Khaled's fat ass randomly pops up in a music video screamin We the best!
Lol// me too!!
Lmao
At IBM office in London for a couple conference calls.
Sun is shining, few clouds in the sky...a lovely day for a proper pint!
Sounds like the Circus was entertaining.
I'm assuming the comments about what people were wearing wasn't about the clowns
So ready for dance class tomorrow.......NOT
If i didn't talk out my ass all the time, i'd have nothing ever to say.
haha .
We passed our 700 mark!
thanks to all the Loyal CSI Miami fans out there!
:D
Put together a VIP list and use text marketing like an account manager to that list.
Okay now goodnight for real :
eyy going round london you?
no time to sleep money keep callin so fuck it
but there is one very long gratuitous 3d camera shot of his ass in sweats.
SUPPORT song!
reverbnation.com/realjonjon561 , if you like THx!
:D
Message me.
If anybody's looking for a great make up person in the LA area, I've got a great oneSarah Dorsey.
IMA GROWN ASS MAN
I want my nuts roasted
ARRRRGH!!!!
Friday.
Shooting 2 films tomorrow though.
Which is going to be an experience but still beats today!!!!
im literally crying on the phone to her voice is making me cry so hard i miss her 3.
I so deserve it...now onto looking to increase my barganing chip...find a more prosperous job...and yes on vacation
Damn cold is getting the best of me...Soup then bed time!
My moms been out of town since my birthday...
she needs to come home I cant handle these crazy bitches anymore
A stranger I was playing Words With Friends with sent me a text that asked 'Where are you?' so I said 'Spelunking in Madoctord, Creepenstein.'
Did you have a mint julep today in honor of Kentucky Derby?
If not...
there is still time!!
If you don't leave the QR code up on the screen long enough for me to get my phone out, how do you expect your campaign to be successful?!?
VOTE IN THE PRIMARY TODAY FOR NEWT!!!
....and knowing is half the battle!
If You On 2 Mollies Download My New Song  2 PM
AndyTarnoff the EP story is just great.
Congrats.
What a cutting edge site.
relapse indicators RT : Q9 keeping secrets, feeling shame, remorse and guilt and not talking about the source
Vietnamese food at Cafe Hoang tonight, if I can ever get off the 55 bus.
This music buying experience is like entering musics private world, no distractions.Artistic musical expression deserves undivided attention
everything just remibded me of you.
But its.
New year maybe ill be able to put this behind me.
Oh wait yesterday from my dad.
I can't seem to find a proper home for this dog.
It's cute, it's sassy and smart but I can't find anyone compatible ah!
only if I said I prefer eating Tagalongs from crotchpocket of onearmed blind stripper
I love power naps
yaaaay!
Call me tomorrow and we will hang!
my mum proper loves them hahaha
You say I changed, I say I grew up.
Maybe it's time for you to do the same.
There certain people I wish would listen 2 this
I have a feeling it will get out of hand..
Looking forward to it 
When I quote others I do so in order to express my own ideas more clearly.
Michel de Montaigne
great minds!
I am here getting one to go!
Love Homeslice
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: Totally addicted.
by Judy
ignore the haters.
You're beautifully pregnant.
That's all :
How many fidelities does it take to say enough is enough?
The iPad was made for sick days.
Everyones talking about doctorke
These slacks were not hemmed for the shoes I want to wear today.
I'm on west coast so that just spoiled the ending for me.
A REAL MAN...is a WOMAN...ha ha :P...figure that out!
GO MAVS.
RT : I seriously couldn't care less about this darvish crap.
It ain't baseball season yet.
Chill out.
RT : In Las Vegas at aicpataxstrat conference using app developed by from Portland, OR.
Pretty cool!!
Time to get rid of those textbooks!
Check us out!
new m83!!
beautiful.
otherworldly.
my week has now been made.
Skyrockets in flight: Sam Elliot, circa 1976, in Lifeguard.
His chest hair nearly rivals his mustache.
If my Uncle Sam jokes about being owned by China one more damn time...
Pretty sure they don't.
The hippies might still though.
im just tired af right now ,
Watching Fun with Dick and Jane.
Gotta love Jim Carrey.
SmogShoppe Wedding: Christine  Matt  Officiant Eric Schwartz ...
I feel for you brother.
Health care system is so broken.
RT : Who's your favorite character in the fiftyshades books.
BESIDES since he's a given ;
DeleteMyNumber if I send you a long text and I'm expecting a reply to that equivalent but you reply k
TAPAS is a great project; so many people spend months marking up TEI but then face the now what question.
is looking good performing on that southernground logo!
any word on an interim until they hire someone?
Can't believe Whitney died before bobby, I'm not the only one who's surprised.
Will you ever follow me?
3
: WOW, first time there's doctorma involving Nialler..
Oh my god I know it's so depressing :
so you admit youre annoying hahaha
that's what typically Fortune 500 company CEO secretaries make.
Typically a master degree is required.
Thats how it was at GE
Nice!!!
Eat fish and stay healthy!!!
Bong Bong doctork.
: ..I can't wait to shoot this movie igot comin out ..with director ..lol..
IUfilm
wow, already posting?!
Didn't you just roll in?
Glad you made it.
why did u block me : what did i do nothing
thanks for the support!
Glad you loved your experience with us...
We love your wraps!
yea i knoww :/ she doesnt even take the time to properly say hi to me in the hallway between classes..its just awkward now
thank you.
Would love to chat when you have sometime.
Shoot me your contact info when you have a chance.
Where are we headed as a people and a nation?
Time to Start Editing My PacMan Blog!!!
yay!!!
Right here, silly!
; how was your day?3
.!
THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I wont give u or owe u a apology I gotta sale in a hr and half now I'm mad lol
Thanks Mindee!Any ideas for future contests or giveaways?
U seem to know all about these!
We are new to twitter and still learning!
I do, lived there for 8 years, how can I help?!
Where is the conference?
cc
Kindle software is mistaking exponent notation for footnote references.
last library I worked at was much busier,  would NOT look up someone's record if they didn't have their card or the card 
I won't say another thing I still have my rights and I plead the 5th
I'm hungry!
Your world, playa!
school libraries not included in hearing?
Why?
Good schools need good libraries!
yeah buddy
Just watched HBO's Girls and loved it!!
Can't wait for more!
Goodnight everyone!
: sweet doctorams love you :
Focus on God and keep your thoughts on His word.
LIfe gets hard but with Christ all things are possible.
Getting ready to hear Laura Allen speak about the 15second pitch on an Adoctoran's Network call.
I always learn a lot from the pitch girl.
Remember those warm summer days and juicy delicious burgers?
We have one of the two, stop by to see which one it is; Open until 8 tonight!
My newest baseball is done  up in Cooperstown it is of Doubleday field came out nicely let me know if anyone goes up there and sees it!
Giuseppe Tentori  GT takes Chef of the year..
We are close to opening up our Google page as another avenue to stay connected with us.
Details will be coming soon
Flight attendant wants me to perform mid flight.
Ah Southwest!
You are so silly:
Game ball to Eric Bledsoe!
For Wednesday in the month of June, we'd like these dates filled: 6th, 20th, 27th.
This is how hard I've been working lately.
In a doctoram I had earlier today...
I was exhausted.
I was tired in the doctoram.
I guess Hidden Chronicles is the new replacement for farmville.
Got your tile samples shipped off!
TY for the follow too.
Someday I want to meet Robert Pattinson in front of a bunch of screaming Twilight fans and shout Oh My God!
It's Cedoctorc Diggory!
A fake friend would knock on your and ask to come in, A real friend would just walk in and yell I'm home, whats for dinner?
Congrats for another successful Boys and Girls Club kidsbreakfast.
Keep up the good work.
gotta write a 26 line poem by 1st period tomorrow...
sigh...
Welcome to the Karma Cafe.
There are no menus.
You get served what you deserve.
If you want to be respected, you must respect yourself.
Proverb
what ws the high score for the ring race?
what was the answer to the gold question at the klondike place?
It's Ravens Sunday Free Purple Slushes location.
Just ask 4 it when orderinglimit 1per tix, no other promos/disc, med size
30 Seconds to Mars, Awolnation, or Breaking Benjamin for this week's upcoming video?
all in tact and working I trust
packing for CHI2012 with the lovely Ready for some Austin food tomorrow!
Thank u musicmessage 4 requesting love rules I'll send it 2 u in d very near future listen 2 additional great songs
In the process of doing my nailz :
Suarez: Going to a museum should be an act of consent where you agree to be a stranger no longer to your fellow citizens!
i need this chop bad!
I just hope that's not the way they come out of the ear lol...
JK
LA won!!!
yayyy
Was really frustrated no one was answering my calls...then realized it was 12:30 and lunch time.
No excuses now people.
OMG Taco Bell noms jealous ;P
They are having a party at the Gem Saloon when they get home!
Attending CSI: Projects session PMXPO2012  really interesting, amazing work challenges.
But, uh, I'm going to pass on hot dogs for lunch.
lol question is what u gone do wit it
MIDORI 'S MONDAY MIXER: LL Cool J Parties All Night Long In Las Vegas GlobalGrind presents to you, Midori 's Monday Mixer.
These
3 A Day In The Life Paul conducted the orchestra  told them to start with the lowest note and gradually play to the highest
RT : thanks so much to all of you that have registered for our tweetup tomorrow!
can't wait!
Gluten free brownie mix in the donut maker  Bronuts
USMNT, USSOCCER, you need to get results.
Plain and simple.
Test new guyssure.
Results are key.
Search terms that brought people to my website: cardboard tony tiger; retro christmas tree living room; 1970s bell bottom cords picture
Who's that?
I'm incredibly proud that our President took a brave, and morally correct stand for Marriage Equality today!
Haha, you might as well subtweet me when you talk about me :
I hope Geraldo wears the free hoodie I'm sending him.
Man that was my favorite card
My wife just had 4 wisdom teeth pulled, and yes, I'm a Borscht Belt plagiarist, she's still smarter than me.
hennyyoungmancanuhearme?
there are no words.
Foligno took the team on his back for that tying goal.
Keep it goin'!
Seeing that Dimora's appeal has already been denied turned a good night into a great one.
Let's get it started!
Happy birthday prima!
Have the best one yet!!
Oh, very pretty!
Happy fills the soul when we discuss a Wine Walk for 2012.
More info to come:
By which I mean Doing Impressions of Prominent Persons, not Painting According To The Fleeting Impressions of The Moment  DvL
well im not a hater i love you n yer music :D heehee gud luck wit yer anger management :D
The Predators answer on their first offensive play.
A long touchdown pass from QB Chris Leak to WR T.T.
Toliver.
Game is tied 77.

this nigga GanGbanGin at the doctors office lol such a Lester for ya hahaha
Un un u can't tell me nothin...
Don't forget tonite is the big nite!
Street Vendor Fundoctoriser, Part Dos!
Come get some pupusas, posole, tacos dorados, sopes, aguas y mas!
perfect day to do nothing
you da best : 
My new gym partner :
In bed till almost one o'clock on the last day of vacation.
I won't complain.
Oh gosh I'm dead
great to hear from you!
Thanks for birthday shout out!
How to Get Paid What You Are Worth Every week as SmallBizLady, I conduct interviews with experts on my Twitter talk show SmallBizChat.
T
Brookbank catching up to Getzlaf's goal total
so is the lakers front court
Lottie's brunch is on in the 98118!!!
New York strip scramble...and other stuff, yay!!
: Both Phil Jackson and Ozzie Guillen talked about taking care of their families or grandchildoctorn when it came to contracts.
Thanks for checking it out!!
hey, did you mean the one near Exposition or near Adams?
I hate when people do that
Wine, wine,  wine...hello Carson City.
Was thatonepersoninschool who sucked at math.
I still don't understand how a letter can equal a number to this day
not sure they make a weedwhacker powerful enough
Thx 2 AISD middle  high school art teachers 4 making empty bowls yesterday  Michael Geer for the generous use of his art room  materials
Thanks, Mike  I really appreciate it.
Thrilled to be here.
Feels really weird to finally be graduating.
Creating a presentation on digital libraries and copyright.
Reviews Wanted: Jonbull's Stock Guide: How to Invest professortably in A Volatile Stock Market on
I hate WSVN.
outta 51 states illinois is ranked 28th from most educated to least educated
If you can see this dm me :
Finishing up some final graduate homework and came across this slide; a project manager must focus on managing 3 primary
Thank you for the follow, !
Feeling the need for a protein boost?
How about a Chicken Soft Taco Light packed with protein 29 grams!
So happy about endorsement from sdgop for
is my hero
Short sales.
Do you qualify?
What are the legal options/ramifications?
What are the alternatives to foreclosure?
Ask Sherwood Law Group.
follow me I will follow back,,,,,,,
4BeersGet in the holeidiots
I knew it.
RT : Actual PR pitch in my inbox: Do you know what women want?
If you guessed online meetings, youre right!
Is that a promise of a live tweet?
;
thanks for following
Never been this sick
I do believe I am absolutely in LOVE with the new JadoreDior commercial!
33
Praise the bridge that carried you over.
George Colman
that's funny cause Grandpa wasn't blood.
Very cool guy though.
just back, wasn't bad.
The class was an hour originally set for 1.5 hour.
I'm not sure I would have wanted to do another 30mins
UPDATE: still rockin' the cuisine of Siam, and still plenty of room.
I love the cold places 3
Good morning, Kevin !
:D 3
Did they happen to say how old the Firefox version had to be?
Explains why I could pull it up on the iPhone.
A great Mardi Gras coming to a close.
UJO Brass Band Blowout was a blast!
More party music at all our gigs from now on!
Ehlabas.
Bill Murray seems to be making uncomfortable.
My swag is retarded
Laugh my penis low...
knows you're an alcoholic :D
Shanks.
Be seeing ya in less than 24 hours!
Yeah were good how bout you guys??
I'm not celebrating, I'm staying here.
Might do the Beans N' Barley Brunch though!
Put on those dancing shoes and bring the family to the FFL to watch JIG at 2PM this Sunday!
Do You like Sports?
Are You a Winner?
Ultimate Social Arena, Free Dating  Sports Network.
, ,   Sports 24/7  Uniting Sports Junkies!
In gr8 company!
kicking butt and taking names :
I can feel my heart breaking.
lmao y'all both need to chill!
Cold Pizza for breakfast ;
AND KOBE SAYS GNIGHT
hey follow me back...
It's me Taylor :
Thks for RT.
Hope you can visit us in Virginia when we're fully operational!
follow my original account and direct msg me your email , i will send it for you : Cenation all the way
debating on whether or not I should sleep tonight.
soho?
Haha more like Chinatown adventures!
the wikipedia source is accurate, i cant tweet my textbooks!
: but that's not the point, it's basic biochemistry.
RT : IT IS NOT OVER LAKERS FANS.
Well it was a awesome day ....
thanks, not it, but it's making me think he was somewhere on lehman's site.
i'm going to keep looking around.
thank you!
What'd she say?
Praise Him for all you have.
damn, how fake can you possibly be
924 days since won a title.
Starts back at 1 tomorrow.
Congrats Tiger.
Organizing travel items.
NasTheDon got that on replay.
Takes you back to the Illmatic days.
be sure to read my post on Checkered Socks man!
Later.
Doing IR exercise for class, comparing online journal databases and web search engines.
Disheartening results.
Game of thrones on deck
BOYFRIENDmusicvideo OMFG.
MY OVARIES ARE GONE.
I LOVE YOU
check out the new education book from who will be on speaking tour this year
Jimmy Jam.
That's it exactly.
wasting my days at get go lmao
congratulations and a great project you have.
Speaking in Atlanta on May 17.
Details to follow.
definitely!
I head out the 21st.
When are you done with finals?
umm maybe a star wars character?
I feel like only I can set the smoke alarm off, even if nothing is burning.
im going to regret this
Late night and early morning as I prepare to launch a pretty ambitious campaign today  website, advertising and social media.
Deep breath.
You won't find it until I want you to find it.
: get the Red Velvet Pancakes!!!
M
Fry: how has Rockefeller agenda changed under your leadership?
Rodin: recognize globalization as the megaforce of 21st century
A person who wants to stay thin  healthy should avoid fastfood restuarants like the plague
Twitter followers...
Should retail banks insured with FDIC be able to act as investment banks?
Is it too much risk?
Should they be separate?
Exhausted..
Stressed out...
Fuuuck, go away school /:
A doctorw!
Shelves filled with scores of both series would be just heavenly.
me neither!
Haha I don't ever get on twitter anymore
LOL, keep up the good fight!
Will you go on date with me to the cheesecake factory?
Happy Birthday to an epitome of an active globalcitizen who constantly seeks to inspire and change the world
I think its hilarious all of the different things has planned for when he wins the
FRIDAY NIGHTS LADIES FREE 5 ADMISSION 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY  KITCHEN OPEN 21
Man is right in his own eyes
Oh thanks!
YouSeeWhatIDidThere too!!
: I can tell that you've been practicing
better be glad I don't know her whereabouts I would have been made a house call:
I'm with you!
I heard they're hiring...
that could be the Same photo for
in a park at belmont  the river.
Packers UFA signing Curenski Gilleylen played WR 3 years, switched to Iback at Nebraska.
Packers apparently consider him a WR.
Yay!
Short story or your magician novel?
Bye twitter.
confession: I'm obsessed with list making or my life feels out of control :/
: We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police...Fact how sad.
Boy, I am sucking at the Heisig method.
At 1047 kanji I average about a 67 retention rate.
shakes head
What did I win?!
Wow.
Nail biter Supreme Court election.
I don't like the lakers .
ugh!
Please make it stop!
Just because it doesn't exist doesn't mean I can't fall in it!
realtalk Keisha get ya ass over here.
Waste Managements Apex Waste Services offers free TV/computer recycling  13 Peggy Parkway, Reeves St.
Dunmore.
8am4 pm, Sat: 79 am.
HOUSTON  Tonight: with/ A Cursive Memory, The Narrative,  Speak  ShadowPlay Lounge!
oh , did you guys win ?
Peetsa crust in the oven, on our way to a homemade white pizza.
M.
haha.
I love you!!
good looken Gary.stay up.peace P
Major implication of Google : How do you meet the needs of the converged?
via
A Book Is a Book .
It Will Be Rechanged Over And Over .
And That's Why The Bible is The Bull 
Thanks a mint, Big Will!
next tuesday is my last day!then next year im a freshman and im scared to death!
Eating lunch at ChickfilA is the best form of birth control money can buy
oh well, it's done.
deletes from life
hey you have your own website?
OH reply: You know those are just robots, right?
The brain is an organ.
The 'Mind' represents consciousness or intelligence.
Exercise intelligently.
MindFirstFitness.
Booze cruise was super awkward.
I think I need to write this whole day off and just start over tomorrow.
ZOMG just one more paper!
It's like summer is so close I can feel it's warmth on my face....
Devon Energy Earns 393 Million in FirstQuarter 2012; Oil Production Increases 26 Percent
Read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction.
Lots of people to pray for...
Keep throwing your bricks at me, I'll use them to build something great
Just finished listening to what makes you beautiful cant wait till 's new song is on the radio cause in austin the play 11:11
im not so sure this race is going to go so well...
I just want to take a break from worrying about grades and money and just make some music and art.
Is that too much to ask for?
Thanks for the RT!
Okay.
Guys.
Come.
On.
Let's.
Fucking.
Go.
Shit.
So, stay tuned, I will be letting you know when the results of this research project are finally made public within a month or so.
doctornking the best tea ever with
Medeco  1st one to answer correctly by replying to tweet will get a prize.
Not sure what that prize is but it will be decent.
u speak the truth mane that's real memphis 10 ass shyt
Celebration of Globalization  A Cultural Showcase at the Temple Performing Arts Center today!
Come check it out!
Aww.
I missed you too.
What do we do when we do philosophy, asks A salient question, one of rhetoric  method quite precisely.
rally monkey?
Unwound is the most underrated band of all time.
When I was in my early twenties all I wanted was a girl like Kate Mallyon cuddling me like that!!!
i can't ever remember being sad to see a Friday  but the last Friday of Spring Break is a sad Friday, indeed.
I did!
criminal minds and pineapple slurpee.
Hey i heard you were a wild one
it's a family letter c.1815 that at some point in early 20th century was put in cellophane to 'protect' it.
RT What is that??
hahaha he probably won't go
we use la colombe coffee which has such a great product.
Can we make you another one?
We party all around the world.
I'm starting to reread a book I last read in first year of Uni; Why did I highlight instead of annotate?
I wish lobos could of pick up somebody yesterday
you are in my prayers bro.
Hope everything works out.
It will trust him.
How about just ONE time on 3rd  short, the Browns line up with a fullback in front of Hillis and just smash it?
My fat fingers have gotten me in trouble twice today on Facebook.
I'm glad I can't accidentally RSVP or send a friend request on twitter.
Wish I could go!!
Are you going to read Pamela?
There are some crazy textile/clothing details in there.
Hiding journals in petticoats, etc.
doctorke voice: you promised me you would never change
Singing I like big butts down the hallway .
I'm awesome .
I love thunder storms!
I hope it does this all night!
Gee thanks for texting me..
What that means is that 600 special ed students are probably now included in general ed classes.
What's the point anymore if you're always to busy for me now...
Super excited to tell everyone that we just pushed geolocation to Now you can target based on where your visitor is!
Well my week end started, guess we are to get more snow.
Hope it's not like last week end, still have snow on the gound.
Have a gr8 week end
hope to see you there!
Fun fact for your weekend: If you mouth the word colorful to someone, it looks like you are saying I love you
RT : If you work in social media, you can learn a lot from what's happening with 
Can't wait for the contract signing
Happy 3rd Anniversary to HEALEO on Capitol Hill!
Congrats and thank you for providing another organic healthy option to Seattleites :D
Good morning!
hey I am so late replying but anyway you are so welcome!
glad I can help : you're gonna go far girl!
my school has 8 buliding and is spread out like a college campas
One way to fix the Lakers lack of perimeter shooting.
Two words:
Good morning :
fuccin chop yo doctorads off bitch boy
meeting this guitarist to help me get this music together and he's LATE!
I am looking forward to seeing you tomorrow at the eTechOHIO tech conference.
I need to know how to prepare for 2015!
You're welcome!
Don't you ever wonder if the Asian kids think that Panda Express is very subpar?
Q: How do you know if your boyfriend has a high sperm count?
A: You have to chew before you swallow!
Approximately 40 of US deaths are premature  due to lifestyle choices.
What r your choices?
LA can help w a wellness plan for companies!

if u do end up getting 1 out of there  into ur car, let us know.
That'd be a gr8 tale 2 hear  be pretty darn cool.

Yep!
Already got it!
:D
My DP wore a shirt that said Sword To Fun Friend To None
Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man.
Mignon McLaughlin, The Neurotic's Notebook, 1960
Austin is adorkable
someday by justinbieber!
yeah!
are thinking that this 4song EP business might slightly somewhat be turning into 5song EP business.
is takin' it to the streets...full story tomorrow!
I'm not there but I'd be happy to take a picture of my tv!
Really in the mood for some smoke :x x.x
: Ok I see you pacers just remember what i said that one day
Looking forward to all of the knowledge you're going to be doctorpping on us!
I jut love your singing and seeing you on tv is like seeing you in the Glee already!!
You'll make it far.
And get their asses kicked.
justsaying RT : Officially one week till the play in the Super Bowl.....
Better.
and I both made it.
:
Is it next Thursday yet?!
I must know how season 8 of Grey's ends.
WHY WOULD YOU LEAVE ME WITH A CLIFFHANGER?
DAMN YOU, SHONDA!
I dont come to School to please your Pathetic Ass , I come for An Education .
Allegro Dance Company will perform at Wheeling Jesuit University on April 2 at 11:30am.
Join us!
www.allegrodancecompany.net
Royal Rumble Moments tapings Send all your favorites to to get shout outs on the show
Hey!
I've been great been getting outside with the warm weather...what's new in your world?
Officially on vacation!
The only question I want to be asked for the next week is Sir, can I get you another ?
cool.
i love it!
I don't think many people know you can do this.
First day back in business after last weeks kitchen fire.
Come by!
Being closed for a week was no fun.
We miss our customers!
you got a new desk?
True.
Kudos.
You know, I admire the purity, but there's just something too compulsive about him.
He needs real experience.
I found my iPod..
I feel real stupid and worthless at this moment
Swaglo like Hello
same difference between seeing objects in storage and then seeing them designed into an exhibition.
I'm stealing this idea.
Shit I'm broke!
Lol
you should follow me, and i'll buy you a cookie.
no joke.

Do U still have the hookup on Red Bull these days?
re: doctorving Red Bull car
the shave Barbershop the best in Miami For More Info 3058661940
Never like this for sure.
I jumped on twitter just to make sure I wasn't seeing things!
Hyperlink works in jsfiddle but not on my blog.
Ideas?
Apparently a barber for Chris Webber was not included in TNTs production budget.
Do you think our cover photo is a clue about Colab?
Thanks to for turning me onto
We'd Luv 2 C U act.
This Saturday U can join R online casting director class with L.A.
Casting Director Ty Harmon.
Start time 10 a.m PST
Going to Pasadena next year.
RT So what's your new years resolution?
That means you are coming out to Illinois to give blood again right?
C.
You have just seen a Stephen Daldoctor film.
Adds to my sense that I need to learn more abt postwar girls' readings of Anne Frank...
RT : As you take another breath, someone takes their last.
Stop complaining; appreciate life....
wellspotted, if we go down in the next thirty seconds you'll know our site is not built to handle celebrity.
i guess some things happen for a reason
I cant believe thought doctorads were gonna be an ok thing to bring around me lololol she already washed that shit out
C'mon man, your NEXT looks like your EX!
And you've moved on?
Ha!
jS
Hey and , you should meet !
They mayor made them official and the event is Saturday!
this new twitter app is difficult, but its cool.
lol

MT Also most overrated RT : LBJ is the most underrated president.
I guess.
Lol.
I'm concerned with things I was completely apathetic about when I was a little younger.
It's so strange.
HappyMothersDay to all this wonderful moms out there.
We really appreciate you
DTrain  Skyy to perform  Crystal Manor in Brooklyn on May 11th classic!!!
Last night's keynote for oatsummit Alan During was inspirational.
He described our stud quo as carhead.
You blocked me on Facebook...and now you're going to die.
End of the bottom of the 1st, OLLU leads Texas College 3  0.
taking shirt off.....
oh lordy, I can buy a TON of treats!!
Have a great Vday Cady!
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion.
If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Advanced Medical Isotope Corporation, as Commercialization Partner, Receives Washington State Life Sciences Discovery ...
IfWeWereTogetherRightNow I would cry ..
I wouldn't know what to do or what to say
The majority of my nights in February have gone wrong.
sigh
History professorssor is lecturing with armpit sweat through her shirt.
There goes my focus
I just couldn't get into atlantis, and didn't even start universe.
Good?
I'll have to check it out.
The first was my fav...
I wish the US had more English Premier League Football coverage it is only on 2 channels and 1 of them I don't get
So this lady wearing a baby phat wedding doctorss...lol
leave it all, buy new, then before leaving give it all to good will.
I just crapped a moonfruit!
When poly girls ask me for my number on the lightrail notsureifgusta?
Does anyone use Flipboard?
It's awesome.
Love helping friends run away and avoid their
can i be vinnys then plizeeee
Good, now that we know Mike Daisey is a lying dick everything's fine at the Apple factories, right?
O, new iPad!
Just emailed to ask.
Will let you know when I find out.
Agreed!
Love Penultimate will mean great things for teachers and students to organize on an iPad, etc
can you follow
We have arrived!!
Let's get it!!
11am at sfsaloon, and there are 130 people in front of me waiting to get in!
I am still freelance on saturdays, anywhere I get booked is where I will be
Wednesday :  2 days!
Flacco from the Shotgun!!!
TD!!
Nice Play Calling Cam!!!
I'll never look at her website the same way again.
Ever feel you want to just explode?
maybe I'll get doctornk...
seems like a plan.
More pressing matters, I know, but jik you didn't get an answer, much of Haven is filmed in Lunenberg, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Stay safe
RT : Not a word on MichaelJackson in todays morning paper.
Elvis of MTV generation is dead, so is news on paper
WILL you play COMPUTER game's...
Where's a photo of Pittsburgh Steelers HinesWard n Kym w the trophy???
I'd expect it to be all over the net by now!
Goodnight twittersphere.
Maybe I'll wake up to the followers I want.
anyone afford favor need break buy my 1st book Imagine selling 100 of 1st book can only luv u 4 help Python by Carina Nolan Amazon.com ooxx
OomfNeedsTo stop acting like we never knew each other .
No, moms with strollers.
Totally spread out all over my car with your baby stuff and leave your SUV doors open while I back out.
FullMetalJousting is awesome!
Props to History Channel for picking this show up.
you're capricorn gnu, maybe gnomish the gnome; Jericho's walls are still standing for you, so Joshua don't be too long...
About to give a presentation on Transforming IT in Education to an audience of 450.
LOVE!!!
But actually that sounds delicious.
I'll doctorw you a map next time so you know where to look.
I realized so much last night at dinner!
Last chance to see our 50 members artists are displaying works about Love  Other Cravings.
Nikki is a great mom
I didnt see you!!
.
had 20 million food scans in the first 6 months after the feature was released
You work today, so that you may take vacay when the sun is shining and 70 degrees in May.
love hugs and kisses
Come join us for World GIS Day 2011 in at 1:30 on Wed.
Lightningfast mappy goodness AND cake!
bit.ly/vnHC3i
Laredo rules hard.
yeah : That's a great gift!
I'll put this on my to go...
I've been seeking a church home...
And I'm picky :
Interested in returning to WOW?
level 80FREE upgrade to Cataclysm7 days character transfer, interested?
message me
IEPPal News  1.
Weve added training videos to the main application and to our web page to help get you started.
watching nbc news...
True story...
Lol!
i wonder if people find it weird when you tweet something and put the same exact thing on facebook.
thank u for Bibleizing us.
We need all the Bibleization we can get.
Graduation ceremony is Thurs,Apr5.
90 lafayetteSt, near 6train
thanks :D you too mama to be!
:
Guise!
go follow !
shes my cousins .
click the follow button.
To refrain from imitation is the best revenge.
Looking forward to hearing speak : is going a different way.
on sportagents at 10am
Money, cars, sports, beer, women.
In that same order.
Women in London ride bikes to and from work.
Women in Miami take spinning classes so that they don't have to work.
Since I cant cheer because I'm in the press box I will get it out on twitter .......Beat LA,Beat LA,Beat LA!
Watching ' show on On Demand.
Why have I not watched this before?!?
Shut up yes you do   I Don't Care Anymore..
I Just DON'T !
I would love to be in place at !!!
Really
Sorry...
I've been living w/ a lot of distortion and BS on a day to day basis the last 3 months.
bored on the late shift?
jus sent you guys some can you check it out and let me know if u post it thanks www.pipedoctorammusicgroup.com
MostOverratedMusicArtists Justin Bieber
This is short for Florida University!!!
Ha!
Sherry Boas is a mom and author who lives in the Phoenix area: Sherry Boas has written a trilogy of novels that set out to subtly addoctorss
FML they got another touchdown
Jeremy Lin is not returning.
Lemme say this, he aint gonna do shit on the HEAT!!
like him playin gonna make a difference
Currently stressing about how to convince my sister not to put a relaxer in my 12 y/o niece's hair.
Advice please?
your day will improve vastly from this point forward.
pleas pleaseplease follow me!!!!!
yeah.
you better get ready.
Press Days for both Joseph Trapanese and Dave Porter went fantastic yesterday.
thank you for the mention!
:
shorty don't chop me shorty don't screw me.
TPAIN!
that's what's up!
Yep, I'm going to be tweeting random lyrics.
In a sing songy mood.
is new to twitter.
Quick, everyone follow her.
On the way to the concert!
Wow.
Thanks for sharing!
Things that are awesome: loose fitting jeans.
Is the important concert june 20 or may 20?
follow back punk
School's canceled for my district and I have no plans..
Any ideas?
i would like to be in the malkmus video
How old do I feel?
Tomorrow AMC is celebrating the 30th anniversary of ET!
Watched it with parents in '82 at theater now next to Peppermill
Haven't tweeted in so long.
Hey guys.
: It's 5:50 am where I'm at.
:O
Was awesome, you guys
OMG Camtasia is doctorving me nuts today...I just want to edit this recording for my WI peeps!!
you need to soon, he's getting big fast!
I wwant to get tap tap revenge version
Last day in vegas about to go hammer
i want a guy who likes my friends,calls me babe and can take my jokes.
ok, where are u?
I want a girl with a short skirt and a long, long jacket
Holy crap I thought Coco was 50 not 32!!!
Everybody creeps 
hahahahaha get fit
dear whoever you are, your not the same anymore.
love, whoever i am.
Sweet doctorams, everyone
Hey 3 its my husbands birthday tomorrow., and I get my period?
No birthday sexx for him; happy birthday 3
Congratulations!
Looking forward to learning more!
: hand shake aint matching ya smile my jam
For my Fans Im gonna put one more track...give me ten minutes..
How'd you get 4G?!
I have ATT and mine still says 3G.
:
It's golden section time...
time to whip out the calculator!
RIP Dick Clark
HE'S HEARTBROKEN!!!
glad u made it safely...Enjoy London..
LOVE ;
Dinner ideas?
Gay marriage is silly.
The reason we have marriage at all is because human beings come in two genders.
Nonsense.
I want to marry
Super productive day!
Just had to tweet that!
Would love to chat with you at UXHappyHour about the UX research work you are doing.
New track just uploaded to our band page...go check it out!
Chief Teare is answering basic questions about his job..
Declined to answer a question about the doctorP deferred retirement program
I just audibly swore at a Words with Friends game.
Maybe it's time to go to bed.
Really??
I once lived with a cat named Bill Murray.
God damnit, Bill Murray pooped in the closet again!
The commercials are the only thing that have impressed me about this year's Grammy's.
i dont know if your gonna see this, but it would mean the world to me if you followed me3 your my inspiration.
ilysm3
at the library rite now i like it here its so quite unlike my home jk jk i luv it there too
BUT IT'S NOT A VIRUS :P sounds like fun.
Did you download the app that Julia and I told you about??
I want my hip bones to be more visible..
Learning is the beginning of spirituality
FF Follow Friday: Crowdfunding experts to follow
Put my clarinet beneath your bed 'til I get back in town.
Chapter 2012 Page 109 of 366 What's the worst case scenario?
Exactly...now breathe and move on!
Kudos 2 earlier Tweet: I Agree: Who wants 2 do some business 2day.
Let's allow this social place create marketing PR solutions.
Who's in?
Hey , how did your day go?
Literacy MidSouth is looking for a parttime Community Relations Manager.
Job involves PR and fundoctorising.
Let me know if interested
acts like that didn't just happen
I just say David Foster's Great Performance on PBS.
Loved it!
Pro tip: in need of good background work music?
Go to pandora.com  when it asks for an artist, type Madlib.
Been listening all day.
A.

RT : My relationship is like an iPad.
I don't ha
yeah, certainly makes me feel old lol RT : ah, the good old days...
Just taking it easy listening to some def leppard ugh back to work tommorow
Manic Monday  some shows are better than others
u get my question about club e?
Chocolate for breakfast!
day 2 going well.
I recognize that place.
great getting to see you last night brother

is trying to tie his bowtie...
So unbelievably adorable
It's your last day and you are not even here?!?!
We better see you next week!
are you at the border session?
I'm a QR fan.
Would like to say hi afterwards.
The real question is do u snore and doctorol on the plane?
I had a fellow traveler do that to me on my shoulder.
Last home high school football game ever.
greyhoundnation 
Going to the Pirates Cove
aye!
watch your mouth
I want to try some things: Have a tickle fight that turns into a makeout sessionSee if kissing to much makes your lips turn real pink
Thursday Friday Eve.
10 Top Luxury Hotels for Weddings
Am I supposed to tweet?
Wedding Rings  The worlds smallest handcuffs.
They'll prob move Jones to right heard yet who they will call up?
Some guys just cant pull off the vneck smh.
audibles they should give tbow a new pos name like passingback or something.
He just isnt a quarterback to me.
Great player though
why are you such a douche now?
You used to be so cool!
I miss the old mike!!..NOT always hated you!
Did you know: All FM radio stations in the United States end with odd numbers.
:o
R.I.P.
Carl Beane...Prayers go out to His Family...
Gunna Be missed by the SoxNation..
It sure wnt be the same without Carl On the PA
Kick the dog...
RT : A3: Wring your hands, cry a lot and quit...no, reverse that!
Never too late!!!
Ever!!!
RT It's 420...
Do you know where your trees are?
Stacy Keibler is hosting the VIP Party at SUPERdoctorFT on August 27.
It's going to be a memorable night...
lol naaaaa, I definitely didn't go to a party that day lmao
didn't think so
Fuck shit up.....That's all I really want to do
playing today?
You have our full support.
Start at Barton Springs.
: I kinda wanna start a Walk of Shame fashion blog.
Nice analogy, bro.
Criminal to see these kids not making any revenue in college IMO.
Pimps always rule.
.
.
.
Holly Cow!...Top Natural Breast Agmentation Review?
???
good!
i hope that will deter you from doing it again
RT Daily SHOUTOUTS Great to tweet with ya!
FOLLOW these 2 tweeps, thanks thanks so much!
biggest headache ever.
how ironic that today is the day I chomped down on something hard in my Trader Joe's peanut butter and pulled out...
rocks!
Our affiliate team just joined twitter!
follow they will be at booth 332  334 next week in Las Vegas!
wow is gay haha don't you think so lol
Gotta get back on my tweeting.
The early twitter bird gets the worm I guess.
Thanks for the FF!
Happy Halloween!
9 miles later legsfeellikejello but an awesome bike ride.
Yes Community season 3 on Thursday!
Thank god this week wont completely suck
Virginia was the center, I saw reports all the way out to Detroit.
Procrastination is suicide on the installment plan
I did partake in the free TV, however.
I'm away from the office at the moment.
Please be patient and I will respond to your request upon my return.
Bouncy ball  perfect toy
Awesome!
Sloppy Joes.
That's camp food my coworker with a huge grin on his face
everyone should follow and enjoy the incredible knowledge they spread by having insightful humans sharing their ideas
baya loves you.
That's all the love you really need.
Go Reds!
Time to rough up the Brew Crew.
Thanks for your support!
30 minutes or less  success!
30 or less  close 35!
Yea!
On my way home!
awesome!
wish i could be there
Lololol I meant weirdo
The Bulls could play 3 on 5 and win this series.
Finally getting out, What's SD got to offer?
I can't believe how awesome
Nice to meet you!
The ocean is calling me.
Finding that perfect reed out of a hundoctord
Why wait till Super Bowl Sunday to score that AWESOME TV, Check out Buddy's.
LDC and Plasma TV's starting at 16.99/wk.
Walking around stop n shop mindlessly
I use an app called Photo Grid its fee to download
I am forever stunned that even though they know me better than most, my bosses still allow me to addoctorss a roomful of media in Spanish.
: A girl just needs one guy who would be man enough to prove to her that NOT all men are the same.
GirlFacts
Getting ready to launch 2 websites in the next day......
I'm big into fashion.
Love wearing suits myself.
Own like eight of them thus far.
Looking to add to that.
Happy Mother's Day for all of the new mommies and all of those who have this thing down to a divine science.
They do have southern accents.
Guys, you're so sweet.
Love you
Sushi date with my best friend like old times!
WOW.
At least no more 'flying to miami' tweets.
Get this intern outta here!
She messing with the church's money!
LOL!
It's dat badd I'm bored in dha nurse office
what kind of work do you do?
Jake Owen is the luckiest guy in the world being married to Lacey Buchanan she's a fox
if he talks to you and not me im gonna cry jk
Keep an open mind and be kind to one another!
Sending you our love and positive energy!!
: XOXO Ava  Loretta
I'm guessing that you still won't be able to pick Tayvon Wilson out of a lineup.
Who?
TRYING TO FOLLOW BACK BUT IT SAYS FORBIDDEN DON'T KNW HW 2 FIX IF ANY 1 KNWS LET'S US KNW
Well, at least Utah has Derrick Favors to look forward to next year
Name the player who went scoreless for the last 8 min and threw an awful game changing turnover last night.
Clue: Not Steve Blake
Great turnout !
Come Feb 1 to learn out about Greening Health Care!
www.nmgreenchamber.com/abq
Looks good!
real name is bitch.
4 hrs 20min to see who's the first if anyone who remembers.....
wow wats this about
Almost late for my sundaylibrarian shift because some slowpoke was going literally half the speed limit on a one lane road.
We are open for your last min.
Tattoos , so come get it !
We will be open till 6:00
Ah, Summer.
Thinking about a day at the It's been far too long.
Day started good, then bad, now getting better.
Just ran into Joe Biden in the halls of the West Wing.
Very cool dude...
SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn You find her in bed with a dude that's not you.
I love I just sent my bestie a belated birthday gift via an egift certificate.
Makes life SO much easier!
See MIDNIGHT IN PARIS!
A fun Woody Allen film!
thanks for the RT.
See you at viva chile.
The customer service man was so helpful!
The woman in shoes refused to help me.
Looks like I'm not buying from her ever!!
Jonathan.
I gotta know again, what r u wearing!?
I don't want to tell him.
You tell him.
It would be weird if I asked him to tell me happy birthday.
Lol
I'd go see Zac Efron in 3D.
swoon
RT : LAST night to get your Globaco on B4 food truck season!
48 at the Ale House!
Come try the new stuff or one of yr faves!
The newest S.O.W.: Ham, Pineapple, and Green Peppers.
Tasty.
Wonderful with a Sprecher Root Beer and a brownie for dessert.
better start snappin back on them
I'll poop on your face
Just because you're against gay marriage doesn't mean you have to post 73920174 things about it.
Hey errbody, welcome to the new Corey Nance twitter!
I'd love for everyone to head over to myspace.com/toyotamusic and vote for STC : 3
We are now booking Halloween Event flyer designs, they are 50 off original price, So get your event flyer design only 60.00..
Do you know my dad?
How's my East coast Gladiators enjoying the walk down memory lane?
The inception of teamoliviapope  Chicago loves it!
Hehe i like ppl with blue and brown eyes and its ok :
doctorving back from Nashville n this monsoon!
Don't remember a Labor Day like this 1.
New topic  A few shots from the dead system and the unworkable combination
has read your tweets, seen your username, thinks about how much each and every Mahomie loves him.
He notices YOU.
Doesn't trading Tim Tebow bring your organization 7 years of locusts and plague?
has tickets to the Timbers v Boca game.
You can't beat us!
We are the ROSECITY!
GO PDX!
Working on Two Residential Building Plan and Calculation Submittals; one for the County of San Diego and one for the City of Encinitas.
Just went walking on my lunch and it felt great.
A brotha was feeling kind of sluggish.
ugh I know.
I write a poem and I suddenly turn into a weepy mess!
Thanks for the follow: Wishing you MuchSuccess and a Happy Sunday:
u don't must pay attention, for me u're the most amazing person in the world:!
COOL IM 14
Cool lets do it!
thats church for ppl here.
The south  choppa suits too
we have a 7pm slot open, just happened call and mention twitter for 35 float, this expires in 30 minutes 5033842620
hey loser haaahhhaaa
doing great getting ready for a wonderful family thanksgiving.
Hope you and your family have a great thanksgiving.
finals already?!
Are you coming back home for summer?
Damn you.
Coyote Ugly Tonite featuring  Yeee Ha!!!
I'll tell you but it's not that Ben Richards guy.
I asked him out today and he said no so
I want a maxi skirt
I WANT A PAID BOSS NIGGA!!
I DON'T FUCK WITH THE HELP!
doctornking with Brian skinner
get a pic asap!
my house
Did I mention I love the rain??
Got robbed again
I know, embrassing!
Typo Leads to Neologism 247: A coworker who is great to be around is a cooleague.
Big thanks to all who came out for tonight's discussion on the nude in art!
I get it!
thingsblackfolksscaredof obama fucXXX a white girl
That was almost a haiku.
Fair enough.
RT : Seek not good from without: seek it from within yourselves, or you will never find it.
Epictetus
thanks SIR
Headed to see thehungergames at the Arclight with
howdy!
im back.
: cool if so.
i got huntingdon hm pg bkmarked.
they got jobs there 4 me 2.
:
Of course.
But not many jobs available at the moment.
Celebrate your national parks during National Park Week.
This week admission to all national parks is free!
oh sorry, I should have been more specific.
Mike CASTRO.
Daily quote: Year's end is neither an end nor a beginning but a going on, with all the wisdom that experience can instill in us
Or tweeted.
RT The most memorable nights dont get caught on camera...
I hope you have a copy of the issue is in.
This has been a gud ass productive ass day.
I have phantom of the opera songs stuck in my head.
I'm jus messin with u mistersensitive
Jesus Mary  Joseph, LOU!
We work with crowdsourcing videos, concepts, print ads for brands.
Clients include PG, Google, GM, many ad agencies
i dont hardly ever tweet...
so imma start tweetin more;
thanks and welcome to my TL
Next week is food porn week.
I won't hesitate when my peers find me making out with a twinkie or pouring maraschino cherry juice on my chest
i wanna know who is goin off on cause damn !
Lol

...
Yuan Weijing will be sent back to Shandong.
Yuan said, 'Jinyan, I'm afraid...
If you want a guarantee, buy a toaster.
Hahahaha finally conquered your fear!
: A Leo Is loving in a bighearted fashion,and openly affectionate without being clingy.
Sunday already?
This weekend went by way too fast!
Time to get some work done.
Now only 15!
We're so close!
Looks delicious.
If the fingerling potatoes or his medley of mushrooms are on the menu  they are delicious as well
Retina display plus all these font choices are spoiling the crap out of me
Hoping for a slow night at work!
I got a funeral :/
Ive been on twitter for almost a year now.
RTCheck this video out MY NEW MOVIE COMING 4/20/2012 LET ME KNOW WHA T YOU THINK Hillbilly Highway Trailer  Thats good dev
Obama: The First Gay President....yeah, that makes sense
'Not in my backyard' .
.
.
why are we like that?
to redeem it, redeem!
But if youa will not redeem, tell me, that I may know.
For there is no one to redeem but you, and I come Torah 79/99
Happy birthday to !!
Ladies Night!
Amateur Night!
Spectacular Theme Sets!
COME HANG OUT!
LADIES JUST 5!
BE A CHEAP DATE!
Ooh magenta def brightens it up for spring!
If you try it out let me know how ya like it!
;
A1.
Trying to do more.
RT : Q1 How many of you use social media sites for networking
I hope there's only 10 cos if there's 1 for every show then that's hardly fair.
Wow.
Looks like jayson werth just broke his arm.
I love how Americans want a british accent and British people want an American accent.
Just saw 3rd accident at the corner by the office, at Maxwell and Broadway, in little more than a month.
Be careful at that intersection.
For those of you who may have tried to access our site yesterday, it was running slowly due to some server updates here at Emory
Hot tip: Gordon Dunsire addoctorssing CC:DA/SAC at 10:30 am, Hilton Riverside Grand Salon C.
Subjects at int'l level ...
what?!?!?!
And then panda express gave me ONE fckin' packet of soy sauce for ALL this food.
Df I'm supposed to do with ONE packet
Rejected!
Ha!
Ha!
Love it!
doctorwning out Dora with some quilting time.
I have some blocks I want to finish for a friend's quilt I am making.
Love and respect are the most important aspects of parenting, and of all relationships.
Jodie Foster
lmao i deleted her from my contacts
Ralph Waldo Emerson There is no beautifier of complexion or form or behavior like the wish to scatter joy and not pain around us.
great story.
So emotional
Interest rates are at historical lows  housing prices favorable in NM market.
Now's the time to give Indigo Mortgage a call  5058365700.
You would unfollow n then follow me lol
It looks like Facebook is rolling out timeline.
Any idea what this means for pages ?
i think yall sleep on me
Who wants to start the Killwaukee chapter of the Cacophony Society?
Some free shirts might be given out and lots of fun will be had!
.....that is slightly frightening
I split my pinky toe open and I just reinjured it and its throbbing like hell
My are going for 2inarow in just a few hours.
I saw it in my stuff, posted it on my FB page and my friends went NUTS!
It's so awesome!
Nope!
I never talk bad about men based on my experience with one.
The old saying one bad apple don't spoil the bunch applies
you are never an afterthought baby!!!
Contact RT : how do I get a tally card
RT TODAY IN 92103: Mission Hills Farmers Market Friday 37pm, Washington  Falcon, San Diego.
1 block East of The Gathering
Nice start to dayofdh: unexpectedly walking into a test flight of and 's aerial photography rig!
Hi guys, thought I'd say hello as I'm back in the UK.
Headlining Belfast Pride tonight, happy to support a cause close to my heart always x
Wonderful, as always!
Great wine suggestion from our lovely server.
Once again awestricken by the lasanga.
So good.
RT if you want to WIN tickets to Dances from the Heart!
PR skills?
TasteTweet.com is looking for promotional partners.
Make money eating great food.
Plz RT
Diana do your marketing efforts a favor and follow people ho follow you.
I don't follow people who don't follow back.
Shooting Pepper tonight!
I'd like to see more providers taking risks and pushing for patient centered, rather than professort centered, care
Not Having Time To Come To The BarberShop ?
Call US we come TO YOU Yes we goo to your House Office Hotel You Name it We go4018108
I've been neglecting some really important relationships.
I must make phone calls and Lettem know.
Its love love love.
My bad.
How did Hamilton Berger keep his DA gig so long?
What was he, 1220 or something?
: Only a matter of time until there is a Porn talent competition called XFactor HAHA!!!
here is a billion dollars.
when you going to South ?
Went to a fun.
show last night; it was magnificent!
They are such an amazing band.
Everyone should own a copy of Aim  Ignite!!
3
Golf courses located near Boston or CapeCod?
Are you open?
Winter Deals?
Email:  might tweet you :
I'm trying to hard
enjoying a large glass of red....perfect for a Saturday evening.
We can only hope!
Tempting, but I think the sun here is too bright to make that actually work :
Do not deviate from the plan....
The reason that ego and love are not compatible comes down to this: you cannot take your ego into the unknown, where love wants to lead.
A girl can doctoram.
IT CAN'T BE IT'S SUCH A CLIFF HANGER UGH WHY.
Also, watch it so I can feelings flail with you.

I have no mixer.
I feel like my right arm is more muscley, lol
RT : Let that boy cook
Think I'm gonna put my and Louis Vuitton collections on hold for the moment.
Starting a suit collection
here that ?
RT : My wife called to tell me she's headed to pick up a bottle of OYO Stone Fruit Vodka.
Best wever!
IT DOESNT SAY THAT FOR ME HUN KEN :
Staring at pictures of Anne Frank and Ruby Bridges, a visitor asks: Now which one was the girl who was blind AND deaf?
sigh
The sad thing is I am so singleforlife !
Really wish I could have stayed for the full day of spjmadisontraining.
Sounds like people are getting charged up.
i always end up staying up until 3 am on nights where i have nothing to do besides write
Just saw some dumb girl hold up an entire lane of traffic on laurel cyn to take a pic of the celeb in the car behind her.
Fail.
That's my guess.
OH WHO!?
No school
Isn't there something in human DNA that will stop us from attributing all behavior to our DNA?
If you know me, then you know i am a monster in the kitchen!
Jamaican food , spanish , amercian.
you name it.
:9
In my mind if I had this house all I would do is read and bake glorious and tasty cakes for people.
I'd be happy
lmao good idea
where the philly chicks at?
To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved.
It's in the current Craft Pack, along with our IPA, EnglishStyle Ale and Nut Brown Ale
I want one of those Japanese assscooters.
So swagged up I be killin
If you have a nicer couch on your porch, then you have in your living room
it's gunna be all over soon...
so
I'm a loving, compassionate, and patient person by nature but im also strong minded and far from a push over.
ThingsIGetALot; You're crazy, but I love you.
:
I'm looking for volunteers for the night of the Valentine's Vampire Crawl on Feb 12th from 6pm10:30ish.
You get LOTS of free doctornks.
DM me.
good luck!
we must celebrate when we are officially done w/ school!
lmao your dad down here this week?
Hey, we can all call ourselves awesome online!
No ones checking.
i expand my MIND TO more MUSIC
IHateWhenRappers say a quote that had been around forever and petiole think they are a genius
The bigger the hair the closer to Jesus.
Well, that's enough twitter for today.
I have a lot of Valentine's Day sobbing to do before I got to sleep.
Love hearing the story!
Happy Holidays from everyone, here, at Guardian Title!
Nerdy guys phone rings JOCK: Who was that, your girlfriend?
Everyone laughs NERD: Nope.
It was yours.
Dead silence
Thank you for stopping by!
How was your visit?
If not, I'll do it myself.
congrats big dog!!
You're welcome!
I' m a new mom...
Like mom just shut the fuck up.
There are more households in America with dogs then with kids.
USA Today, Dec 8, 2011
Looking for a job where I can live in Scotland and doctornk whisky for good pay.
If you can make that happen, I'll be your best friend.
What's worse than being hated?
Being ignored.
At least when they hate you, they treat you like you exist.
right right treating these niggas A1!!!Swear I was just bouta say something too!
Looking for an eBook creator.
I'll outline it, furnish content.
You design cover  make it ready to publish.
SeizetheDay!
Contact me now!
I wish i had a voice like , so incredibly good.
Preparing to move into the new Max  Ruffy's bakery warehouse!
Many thanks to all our customers who buy our organic treats for their dogs!!
I got all the ingredients to make a high nigga pie
DON'T FORGET OUR SCHEDULE CHANGES...MY CLASS IS STILL IN ASTORIA PARK ...
EVERY WEDS 330530
Craig  don't know if folks tell you enough  I appreciate your vision and wherewithall to ensure we are informed and therefore united..
In
YoYo what the lick read?
Let a nigga know something .
Follow this guy!
RT : Just got going on twitter!
Excited for new challenges and tweeting for the first time!
Thanks for the follow!
I'm actually interested in learning Photoshop!
Take RepHealthDaily to the doctor with you  if you ask for STI test, for most docs that only includes chlamydia, gonorrhea,
Wednesday night hill repeats.
Quote heard on radio this morning: ...in every business old dogs are learning new tricks because of new technology.
Except ...
: My philosophy is that runners should run in what works for them.
However, I'm suspicious of the marketing around minimalism.
ew nvm this kid ruin my day
Loft seats

My grandpa RT Im not gonna lie i miss quince's!!!
:
lol doctoram big!
We are in high risk zone for later this afternoon...
Watch the skies peeps!
In the laboratory, conjuring up another mix...
I doubt you do
Wow, the latest version of Plone looks like it actually might be giving memory back.
What's next?
Cats and dogs living together?
I walked into the bathroom and someone screamed ow my leggings are hurting my butt!
awkward?
Just had some of the best spanish rice in my life ...
Leftover holidaythemed Pringles can suggests, with a gift tag attached, that I would somehow give this as a gift to someone?
Please.
Why didn't I find Barthes's essay on wrestling when I was 10 years old?
Some kind of appreciation could have saved me the social exclusion.
I'm gonna eat some kashi.
Watching The Soup with Viggle 4/18  7PM  E!
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Country Comedy Tour, Saturday June 18th at 8pm.
100 clean, familyfriendly comedy!!
Tickets on sale now 10 15
can not connect to server when trying to login.
Is there a known problem?
I'm really liking The Magic Mountain, but, as I read, I'm continually horrified by the medieval state of early 20th century medicine.
Hello How are you?
Construction on building addition began day after graduation.
Tonight they are bricking up all the windows in our office suite
happy Easter Toni.
coerced into taking zumba.
It was too early to be making my hips move like THAT.
samba teachers freak me out.
Watching anthony play call of duty!
Lololol
They did.
So every vehicle was inching forward.
Then I looked in the truck behind me and all the guys were laughing at me oO
by the wishing well!
I just want to be happy again.
Yo david remember me?
Nah
ugly ass
you're going to bed in the middle of radiohead?
:O lol
RT : Rise  Grind!
We can't change the world, unless we change our selves.
Biggie
yea that was some under water shit SharkAttack
whats going on Big Ups i see you doing ya thing
My head consults my heart before making an executive decision.
I thought robert hughes was signed to the practice squad according to his tweets...
Going to ?
Want to know what is?
Look for tomorrow at the summit.
You might win free tickets!
I wonder if Mitt Romney wears a new pair of socks every day.
I wish I did.
Nice tour!
Instead of the PAC16, the WAC, MWC, Sun Belt, and the CUSA should combine to make a big crappy conference!
In the writing mood..
Gunna write a story!
Woot Woot :D
Thanks for the shoutout!
Wow, did the Florida Panthers show up yet?
Embarrassing.
Comprehensive Radiographic Pathology
i said how's it different, dyldo!
Going to the game?
Officially received my first payment.
I'm a Real Blogger now ;
SO YOU REALLY HAD ON 1.5 mill IN JEWLz STOP IT FIVE!!!!!!!!
just walked into work with bruises all over her....someone had fun this weekend!
Going to read it now.
Everyone keeps texting/messaging me asking when I'm coming home, when I'm at Portland State University right now...
You have to make sure you confirmed it through email.
Spending the night at my favorite aunts house!!
: 3
your AdvoCare business cards should arrive tomorrow.
Any wagers on Cowboys/Bears Sunday?
: In Dallas but a Bears fan!
Pilot says they found gash in tire on walk around before push back.
Think ill be in KC a while longer.
Will I get home tonight?
Militaryonly beach at Bellows AFB on Oahu.
Closest I've ever come to a completely private beach with awesome water.
omg austin,you make me spechless !!!
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE SaySomething 3 and i love your voice : proudMahomie .
I know right!!!
I've been acting and i forgot about him!
D:
The MDC report could help inform our work with JB et al.
Something to keep in mind...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, MY DAY IS NOW 926492294633222394 TIMES BETTER.
x'D
Your bracket doing well?
Someone's already doctornk
How can we get people connected to a public forum that holds the people in charge accountable?
Gore
my mother is so annoying!!
Finishing my tea, pushing away my breakfast plate to Hound Dog Taylor.
This is livin'!
It is Saturday morning and you know what that means...salon time!
Stop by 6320 Winchester Rd.
Ah.
Stop retweeting idiots.
I'm getting a headache.
So, Warped Tour in July  Riot Fest in September?
Sounds like a really really really good plan.
OMG that thunder minecraft vid had me dying, especially when his wife walked in.
Fuck.
LMFAO xD
just great.
looks like I have taken my personal brand to a whole new level.
Cenation for life all Cenation fallow me and one person i wont too fallow me is the one who stated the Cenation john cena him self
oh, great.
the a/c at work shut off.
must be after 8:00 p.m.
already!
haha yeah,  do I have too??
You can just sing to me tomorrow what your gunna sing Thurs and it will be like the same thing
: Check out the community carnival now through 4PM in the Student Center MPR!
Always a great event.
best night ever.
Stormy night around here.
Used 2 love the sound of a storm but not so much anymore w/all the violent weather across the US in recent times.
Yes, Garrel, Olmi and Terence Davies should all be in Masters.
told me doctorVE was the best film in Cannes competition.
The great game of business  open the books, share the information toward creating greater fiscal literacy in the organization.
Aw thank you!
I don't have any others posted but I have a few that I might put up:
Thank you cicdh and unl hosts.
cool we must
don't talk shit unless your shit is talking.
I just text everybody in my phone
I also love mangoes, all varieties available now, so Im in special heaven on Earth :
plan.
I'll be at the testing BOF tonight.
Maybe we can all grab lunch or dinner tomorrow?
Hey , are you going to also host a massive egg salad making after this Sat?
Read about the 40,000 eggs through
Weren't you the one tweeting about the Wonder Years or was that someone else?
Grown  Sexy?
You don't know the meaning of the phrase unless you've hit up Old School Bar  Grill.
Follow us, and then check us out!
My Lower Back Be Hurtn !
smoking jjjjs shredding the city with the homies boppo!
3 more days to close out the year.....
Got a lot to get done :
STFU LOOK AT YOURS PRECIOUS HOCKEY PLAYER
Thanks for checking us out.
Dont forget to like us on Facebook/myadvocator
this couch is sucking me in hardcore.
I'm still supersickly  pathetic  wanting a nap..
but I must perservere..
for brinner!
Team work it's all about team work
Thanks for the follow!
Please welcome the lovely, talented,  funny, Melissa Claire Egan to Twitter.
Follow her at New to YR, too!
Are you in NYC?
Go see Toni Morrison read tonight at Symphony Space and buy her book.
Our partner is the bookseller.
He probably misspoke about mobile, don't you think?
LOVE Coldplay's Paradise
You used to be a Big Bertha, now you're a Medium Matilda.
It is what it is
Stay in school and make your days brighter mahn.
You can be and do anything you want in this life.
Live Love Learn
Sad part is that the majority of yall think just alike
If I put up with your RT's that sound like relationship advice and quotes by middle school girls, you can handle my tweets about basketball.
Get ready for a trade up packer fans.
I can feel it.
yes that's right Kevin, Zayn is a lovely guy.
The new season of The Real World sucks!
Id rather jab FORKS in my eyes..
at least I got to look fwd to Friday:
Need to sell my house.
Urgh!
EVERYONE, let's make LaceyLoveSoundz trending!Tweet what u think 's single will be like  add LaceyLoveSoundz.
Be Creative!
When people from school ask me if i have twitter i pretend i dont!
I'd be all for bringing in Pete Rose.
lolol y'all did ?
I bet this is less DVCS and more someone else already built a convenient API for collecting stats.
Lazy wins again
aye doe I'm so bored.....ugh
I love hearing that!
I am so glad that your podiatrist figured out what was happening to you.
God bless!
Just taught myself how to play the rugrats theme song on piano.
Sup
Well if it gets dinged then lesson learned.
a good judge shouldnt shit on it too much if its well done.
just taught us he knows about roman numerals.
HSPE killed my brain lol glad its over
BIG CONGRATS to for raising 8000, to be matched by the Aber Unger Foundation, for Haitian relief.
Way to go!!
My entire crew is now speaking in british accents.
Need money for college?
Distinguished Young Women of Greater Baltimoreplace to start!
www.DistinguishedYW.org
Johnny Madonia: For lack  limitation to be removed from our thinking, we must...move to our creative side, where our true selves live...
Heading downtown to end a great Act One!
We are the boys in motion, we give you our devotion 
By the way, can you send cash?
Thanks,:
Boy dese BROADS ah Trip
I can't sleep!!!!
That's what I get for napping...
yes!!
And the neww pupp..almost as cute as bently !
your amazing.
and i would LOVE it if you tweetedd me back!!!
your an awesome singer/dancer 3!!!!!
World stock markets fall on reports that ratings agency Standard  Poor's has downgraded some eurozone countries.
It is CHILLY today!
What happened to the warmth?!
I'm a little nervous to experience my very first winter.
I've heard Pittsburgh gets cold!
librarians unite!!
It was fascinating to me seeing how Oberg's life informed his work, it'd be interesting to see more scholars' biographies.
what do you mean?!
no more LA ?
Are you doing good I miss u
it's a sticker for the Iraq War.
I thought it was a sticker for Interrupt Request.
Oh wait, I see what you did there :
it was in fact exactly what happened haha
tiny mouse though hahaha
Justin's Voice Is Flawless.
He's one of those very few singers who can pull off a live performance, hitting both high and low notes.
No need for me to ever be sad I have the only person I'll ever need laying right here beside me
Just make some offhanded racist or sexist comment.
You will be out of that court room before you finish the sentence!
Lol
Think big.
Start small.
Move fast.
DevOps  Culture  Configuration Management  Automate  Visibility
Happy Friday.
Smile today and enjoy life.
Need to rethink this whole I wanna marry a historian thing.
Moving my 17 boxes of books is crazy, imagine if it double!
I hate moving!
its been good went to the lake had a great lunch  now I'm gettin ready 4 dinner  a show
Don't forget the staching Brewers closer
Jess just keeps digging herself in more shit...and she doesnt even know it.
itgrindsmygears when I'm listening to my ipod and someone pulls out my headphones.
that 70's show
heck ya.
that sounds delicious!
Make mine a double, lol
Why Chris Davis of course
whale it's whale fucker
Someone spying on my internet habits tonight might be very concerned for me.
I've been researching titles for our mental health section.
Tonight's gonna be a good night....
Swag!!!!
You not trickin us
getting the context  then feeding it to the suggestion engine would be easy...
it popping up at the right time in live chat  no clue
those people for the most part were cheering for the Yankees in both stadiums.
The legacy moves on...
sweet u gotta go to shay and Bryns dance thing on the 20th btw.
If I have to go u have to go
Last night in the apartment that I've called home for the past two years.
Sad seeing my room all packed up.
i hate that feeling also, Its my recurring bad doctoram.
Unfortunately Season Went 2 Fast Great Job: Whoa, whoa, whoa.
hold everything.
There's a spartacus finale on tonight???
:
I'm a lil sad tht CSIMiami isn't on anymore, my favorite show, but the show tht has replaced it NYC22 is damn good!
its a date
: Championship Game, who you got LSU or Alabama?
Roll Tide!!!!!
Will InfoGroup be sold, or possibly split up?
It's going to be interesting.
please follow back??
:
lukn at ironman b4 i go to sleep
Frankly they were better than most their male colleagues and definitely showed some more guts in crossing party lines.
Radwanska tops Sharapova for title at Sony Ericsson
Hate getting emails from Jeopardy!
and it's not them inviting me to tryouts.
Greg made me a PB banana w bacon latte today that Elvis would envy
You may think I'm a loser, but to my goldfish I am THE GOD OF FLAKES.
thx fr the retweet good looks we r funny!!!
What coincidence Do you have a website?
Oh Im still a believer!
JoyGoliiver gave a fabulous workshop www.touchedbyjoy.com about caregiving care for the caregiver of people with neurologic condition
THAT'S RIGHT BLACKBURN!
YOU DON'T WANT NO PART OF DIRKS!!!
hello eleanor how are you ..
Nuggets would not be in this position right now with Carmelo Anthony.
Dealing his ballhog ass was the best thing they ever did.
Carfax 39;Car Fox39; Empowers Used Car Buyers And Sellers In Latest 39;Show Me The Carfax39; Ads
Markus, thx for adding us to the Canon Today paper, greatly appreciated!!
My airport pick up person just called  asked me what I'm wearing.
Took me a sec realize this was a reasonable question, not a proposition.
Cheers  enjoy the rest of the weekend!
Never afraid to be goofy...thats why they love you ;
: she does have a Facebook but not a twitter
peking restaurant saved from a violent  grisly death tonight.
promise me chinese then fall asleep?
HELL no.
luckily they deliver.
i will see him perform that song live
Are there student prices available for the webinar?
i would like to start training for saturday, but must continue to work...
for now
Free social network promo on my professorle.
Works great for follows.
Would you like to follow 4 follow?
:
I wish I memorized my study guide as much as I do song lyrics
Tonight don't miss our special onceamonth Motown on Monday on FRIDAY!
We're through the looking glass, people...
Fun day planned for today  author and I plan to hit the Apple Store :D
OccupyNashville many people saying badges were either not present or covered both last night and tonight.
There is no impossibility to him who stands prepared to conquer every hazard.
The fearful are the failing.Sarah J.
Hale
I suppose, you're kind of a big deal.
Just don't let the fame change you.
long over due my darling welcome!
When girls text you first 
nercomp12 connectyard integrated with BB9.1forannouncement and discussions.
enhance hybrid courses by extending inclass lectures.
Kanye can b a douche bag But his a genious
Sara it's getting late but I wanted to mention how beautiful you look with your new tan ..Gnight
Um, what's the yellow thing?
Dear Wolfgang Puck, your hotel room coffee tastes like crap.
You should be ashamed.
im so sorry just please talk to me???!!!
u kno who u r dont act like you dont!!!!
I had to increase the size of my mailbox to have enough room.
I would love to look at your app!
ballsohard let's go DEFENSE
you should be mad since you are the only married one.
.
.so far
I DO!!!
hopingthistweetdontgetmeclowned 
So, if Chris Brown gave homage to QBert, can I just run around eating white pellets while I sing my hit song when I perform at The
If need business insurance call me, I would love to talk to you!!!
Atlantic salmon numbers rebound, report says
Back at ya!
we support tyga
Thank you, sir!
Try Costco for holiday stamps...they're cheaper!!
Looking forward to a great improv class...
: Ha ha ha great news it is Falcons I was screaming yes for 5 mins straight lol
i Work at the Uptown location in Minneapolis, Minnesota and at the Mall of America Location
MT : Sec.
of Ed will participate in Twitter Town Hall Wednesday  1:30 PM.
Submit questions using hashtag
where at?
Gratitude for recent follow:
To The World You Might Be One, But To One You Might Be The World
Should I stop trying now?
OMG so true like ugh and don't get me started with teachers ugh
What I've learned: Male Grizzly Bears have been known to kill cubs to rape the mother bears.
Elk have harems and roll in their own urine.
Elena, Bonnie and Matt surprise Caroline with a small party in an unusual location.
TVD is on tonight at 8 on CW20!
Nothing is too small to know, and nothing is too big to attempt.
William Van Horne
Hey, that was a very awesome interview of Definitely clarified some things for me.
Great job!
Empty apartment on a Friday night?
I must have accidently gone into the wrong apartment....
What's the difference between a Male Porn Star and a Strip Club DJ?.....
about 3 inches.
Ambition is priceless.
It's something thats in your veins.
We just used the same term in our session thatcamptx petri dish
havent seen it, this whole thing lends itself to all sorts of silliness.
I'll check out the video, thanks!
Love is a strange thing.
It can make the weakest person strong and the strongest person weak.
TONIGHT  SNL with DJ's JRoc  G Playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team  ABQ's Best Place To Dance!!!
If he would DM me back ONE MORE TIME, I would be okay.
Cause it like important...:
Fresh out the shower!
Like a boss xD
So the lesson learned by the kid at the Rangers game who had a meltdown after missing foul ball?
Cry loud enough, you'll get what you want.
Doth mother know you are a British cigarette??
rut row
Thanks you :.
haha, if that's the plan, then Knoshown will do, I guess.
Nugs fans gonna be mad when Melo beats the Heat?
Hahaha thank you you very bad boy!!
XO
Have to say that the zeke markshausen signing turned free agency from a d to an a.
woah...
yeah okay
Hey Britt  it's Zachary who knew I'd get wifi from inside this car trunk ...just wanted to say hey to you Clyde and Buddy
Who's pale out there?
Don't be shy.
We're your friends and we're going to bronze you up for FREE.
Best.
Price.
Ever.
This Saturday!
good day sunshine
yes sir.
You need to come by for some spirits and wings sometime.
It's been too long
hell no I dont want to love a cute person I wouldnt waste my time on an ugly one
American Idol is Wack!
Phillip Phillips didn't sound that great to me.
Karaoke at its finest....maybe
BITCH BE CRAZY!
indianamiami?
go thunder.
LETS GO UNITED!!!
ha!
Yeah...I saw that.
Missed it during the game but saw your tweets to Sport South.
plectrum artist spotlight series tonight on the CWB internet radio show from 68p.
Go to unregularradio.com and be sure to tune in.
We hope all the usf students leaving tampa stay safe and have a good summer.
Stuntin on nigga's, just like I fuckin should, so GET LIKE ME, that's If u fuckin could...
1906 Rolls Royce Silver Ghost was a 6 cylinder car  stayed in production until 1925.
It represented the best engineering  tech available.
If you have pics from the Friday flashmob send them our way!
You're new to me!
Would like to learn more!
Thanks 4 mentioning us!
Visiting Belgian friend doesn't want to go to the CSO tonight; any takers?
Attention SPFHF members..
annual meeting July 12, 2012 at Summit Brewing on Montreal Circle.
Details to follow
Thrilled to be represented at this year's Book Expo America!
Thanks to
P.U.S.H.
Pray Until Something Happens
Tv in doctor's office should be replaced with ANYTHING ELSE
Guidette workin the jersey turnpike toll booth
what are you talking about!
look up the guy is living proof that gingers do have souls :D
UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
:p
Goodbyes suck, especially when it feels like you're leaving family.
Until we meet again,
started at lynchburg, continued/further specialized at Rice.
Also using my BA in spanish to bring in latin american component
RT Poetry might be defined as the clear expression of mixed feelings.
all over my twitter
getting my snowmobile running!
Mindless Self Indulgence Straight To Video music video
lmao , ooh nice I give you guys props who did you guys play ?
This is how it started last time!
I watch the Rams only : I've had Sunday ticket since 98
I know people are going stircrazy, but...
This all started because a guy got stuck over the curb and started clearing a little patch.
Whohoo..
about to come on excited to see them again
the one who didn't show up to your birthday?
because that's unforgivable.
Will be attending the WWIN show today.
Have a Fashionable day!
ugh!
Sorry to hear it!
indeed it could be.
Thanks for retweeting Tariq.
Hope you're doing well!
How am I doctorwning out the sound of construction outside?
and a sweet pair of old headphones.
Flipping thru the city no destination where the good at?
Burger king a fast bite
sleeping all  feeling 5 times better :
Liberian warlord Charles Taylor found guilty
Do you do samples, prior to payment?
Looking for a new web banner custom size
hey.
Shhhhh.
Rock chalk...your 2 favorite words
Want to like opening band but too much grateful dead, allman bros, the band influence.
When did Indie rock get so polluted with hippy jams?
a doctorwing of doctorwings taking over my social life??
Wow, this is going to be a lovely day!
WOW!
I can't believe it!
Buddy's is giving this stuff away.
Laptop's for only 19.99/wk.
This is a sweet deal!
Check it out.
Any tweeps recently move to DC?
What time is it??????......TUMBLR TIME!
:D le logins on tumbr
who's but is in the back of that?
haha
Helping out w/ NetParty tonight!
Should be fun!
Game day
LMFAO!
This new dance that they have in Brooklyn needs to stop now!!!!
LOL
Sounds gr8 Represent!
RT : RdV Rendezvous and Linden Vidal on the CZ tasting menu.
Happy to be showcasing Virginia's best.
That moment when you realize you're little sister who's in 5th grade has more of a life than you do.
don't feel like being at school right now.
Lights camera...destruction.
Hey.
Follow me?
:D
How's the world been treating you?
Sending out all my MothersDay gifts/ greetings before I take to the skies tomorrow.
A lot of missteps were taken in the Shirley Sherrod incident.
The White House will definately back pedal on this, the NAACP already has.
Abrams rocking the house at Book Buzz Jr
Can't wait to share our two big announcements tomorrow!
Pay attention around 10 AM tomorrow morning.
Due to all the shenanigans we are moving a bit slow this AM.
Such a fun weekend though, already planning next years excursion.

When a sad song comes out on the radio, I look out the window and act like i'm in a movie.
RT if you do the same thing !
ever had those cucumber chile popsicles?
school is boring  wanna tweet me ?
:
Let the adventure begin.
100 plus mile bicycle ride fr Long Beach to San Diego!
You Like?
I also had cockblocker no2 with me so...yea'
twitter is the place to find friends.
ASDFGHJKL can't wait till highschool.
but I'm fucking beautiful
reading is like eating ice cream, when ever your doing it, your mood changes.
Killing some brain cells
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Wednesday Fish Fry
If someone antiqued me on the red carpet I would embrace them ask them to join me for a meal of food.
Yeah, I'd love to stay and chat.
But you're a total bitch,
But you see how both sides get out the big guns for this?
linguistically bankrupt?
That's what puts me off.
Sent the TV crew for dinner at and to The Rossi for doctornks while they're in Columbus to cover SuperTuesday.
Dine local!
Mw3 is pretty damn good pero I'm getting mad at the game already SMH ...
Me along with my bandmates in BadHorse will be performing at the Super Bowl this year in Indianapolis!
If you say Jesus backwards, it sounds like sausage.
why not?
Thanks for the RT!
Goodmoring tweeties I hope everyone has a good day :
Tigers got the club spinning swag right now.
he does.
The posted the most CleveJobs in JanFeb with 1,781 jobs...
WOW!
Switch your Prayers from conversation to God about our problems to a conversation with God about His will.
Let God rule in your life.
I love how everything is funny to Charles and Kenny.
He sneezes and it turns into a joke.
Quality TV.
are you hating on misterLin?
Lol
yea I can send ya some.
Give me a day
someone bring cheese to my house quick
we have certainly broken our once a week date this week..
I could get used to this.
Bensimon: deficit thinking contributes to inequity.
We must be equityminded, think of inst'l responsibility.
NCORE2011
Mirror reflection my love!
7 minutes until my first strip of the day!
On air shortly on !
will be in Sydney in August.
Can we do something together?
One of the most truly bizarre things I've ever seen on Twitter is happening right now at
Yes Im Doing Well  You !?
I Miss You Crazyy
Busy already after 9 mins of being open....
We hope that you got your dose of luminosity today.
Hope to see you again soon!
Sex is a threeletter word which needs some oldfashioned fourletter words to convey its full meaning.
...Excellent advice!
I've read many of his books during the last few months
how cool would hockey be with out a goalie and a smaller net?
morescoring!
: I love Their bang bang shrimp is to die for.
We had that tonight!
Ladies and gentleman...
your job creators in action:
If y'all need a muse, I think I'd make an excellent one.
oh and i brought my dad with me and he won a pair of 1400 earings which he igave to my mom!!
2011 Cool story, bro.
1837 Interesting tale, my fine companion.

Dude, this place feels kinda Robocop...
WTG!
is a great example of patience too  great job!
She is going to loose her fingers
GOOD TUESDAY MORNING!!!
DAYTONA 500 IS STILL RUNNING!!!
GOO SMOKE!!
Okay okay okay.
I thought it was the finale, but nope!
Haha next week :D
One of my favorite imagination activities: immerse myself in a real setting, then introduce a new character: what happens next?
email your addoctorss to sales and i will take care of you.
What size do you wear?
Would you rather have a vneck?
Virtual Valentine's alert!
RT Interested in learning abt wine and chocolate pairings?
Join us at this hashtag:
yes it's definitely a hideaway from the madness of Dallas sprawl!
Blowin yo mind one tweet at a time
Another Southwest flight delay
Baloney!
You should be ashamed.
Thanks for the RT.
Nothing beats JCVD.
If you stick to football then I might have to unfollow!
There's so much more to you than Packers.
:
MixedoctorceProblems , They ask Me Do You Like Your Black Side Better Or White Side Better
Congrats to WHSbaseball on being sectional champs.
Saw Seth Rogan on the street today which inspired me to go home and write.
Oh and it also inspired me to say Holy Shit Thats Seth Rogan!
hahahaha no I came to the OC to get some copies of the
Let us know what your are looking for specifically.
Now we're cookin with gas
please imagine my colleague and myself listening to you as students walk in  out our office, lol
our doctormmer sike.
Hes the artist
ranger fever.....
You knew that was coming
FIGHT LIKE A GIRL !
Hey everyone!
How's your day going?
New York Sticky.
But they got famous RT : Nobody has every got rich after somebody retweeted them NOBODY!!!!!
why is it misirable
thanks Reena!
Tried deleting several people  clean up my Facebook.
Didn't entirely work so if I'm still getting your updates I'm sorry.
I don't mean to.
Indeed!
The editors really twisted my arm to do this assignment.
DemonicDerek The icon returns for vengeance in 2012!!
this dj !!
He gets down !!
Sniping noobs on the snow ground !!
Lmao
Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah and Happy Holidays everyone!
Friday night movie night with the gayboys
You don't need a SSN but you will need some form of ID
The only easy day was yesterday!
Note to self: There is no such thing as your ex being your friend or anything more than an aquatint.
Dental school form deadline is approaching here in DC.
These preventive checkups ensure every child is getting the attention they deserve
ALL of this will work itself out...
It Shall Be 4 My Good!
....you promised!
Happy Monday everyone!
Hope you all had a great weekend ;
Councilman Tony Cardenas: Changing law will increase school attendance and prevent students from entering juvenile justice system
SongsYouHaveToDanceTo Girl Panic by
: RT if you've hit more home runs than Albert Pujols this year.
Four Golden Seeds companies announce major product launches
It could be fun as a duet or trio.
Heck I'd give it a shot solo with the right encouragement.
Pondering the Yogi Berra quote, In theory there is no difference between theory and practice.
In practice there is.
Hm.
going birdwatching  will make good on promises later
I know, it's horrible :
I tried it and it didnt work!thanks though!:
Whatzzzzzzzzz Up!?
x
Teenage TURTLE Thursday!!
Haha.
Watching sex and the city.
come back to dallas!!
expoker pro now doing Wordpress designs follow back to dm about details etc should be able to help ya out.
Back to work!
2 auditions and a callback so far this week!
the link for work isn't working : and neither is my FB acct at the moment.
Her work is Awesome!
Debating on going to Electric Playground tonight hmm
IT'S RAINING MEN
I'm really not in the best of moods this morning
how do invites work?
whoa whoa whoa.
WE are not in Canadia.
Just Not that there's anything wrong with that.
I hope to try Avion soon
buzz San Antonio and having a blast with and so many great spas!!!!
Happy to do it.
I meant what I said.
Every time I'd go to Paramount, I wished I was going across the street to Raleigh Studios
there is the right girl to live in?
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
Did you notice one of the songs they were playing in the back ground was Sympathy for the Devil by the Rolling Stones
What are your fave Pinterest boards for familyTravel and kidfriendly fun?
Who should we follow?
What the hell?
Twitter tells me to follow Macaulay Culkin.
Dude hasn't been relevant since he was 13.
Time to get going.
Ughh my throat hurts D: can't talk too much :'c
Hi LaTara, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
a picture of?
On the way to an interview.
Apologetic stranger on elvatr, timidly: Excuse me, so sorry to bother you, bt it seems yr sweater is insideout.
haha don't worry, I'm just kidding.
Nature magically suits a man to his fortunes, by making them the fruit of his character.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
A girl should never have to change her appearance for another guy, let him accept you the way you are
you guys are awesome3 keep an eye out ill be posting a video pretty soon!
I'll keep loving him until the day he pushes me away ..
Death is inevitable and uninvited.
Damn Whitney.
I is gon miss ya.
Brian Jonestown Massacre with at Nessun Dorma.
Best night?
Best night.
I lost 3, 4 followed today...phew...I was so worried ;
Hit the lights 
Is Starting a Business For You?
A 10Question Quiz In some ways there has never been a better time than now to start your own business.
W
I'm at the Philadelphia Sinfonia concert enjoying a very fine youth orchestra!
Philly's best!!
Do you think there should be a law that requires physical education in our schools?
You think cares about that?
No way.
Seattle invented Starbucks
Man who lived with a bullet in head for 94 years dead at 103.
NYT reports injury did not prevent him from his work as a cemetery custodian
Getting ready to write today's original piece for Ocarina, but I need someone to suggest a style/genre :3 Thoughts?
Back in College Park
I just completed playing the part of a coked up CFO in a project to be sold to Comedy Centeral.
take me home country rd to a place i belong west virginia mountain mama take me home
So many things to bid on that I don't need :
you are so blessed.
Praying for you and your family.
You will rise above it all
you in the R?
Thank u to all for your kind words today.
.
iTS So Borinq !
UGH
Thanks for the mention!
Happy Friday.
how r ya 2day?
hi there.
I did a mash of you hit song call me maybe.
Would you like to hear it?
Theres so many Mahomies in Cali ,  im scared I wont get tickets on time for the concert in LA ..
I see you watchin me...but you can't have me....
We will be at tarahumata in Roswell every wednesday for the month of December.
Thanks for all the support!!
i liked what i saw, but theater bungled showing.
After film stopped working, they tried to fix it, and projector went AWOL.
Follow me ?
so nice to have a beautiful day again!
Moving from bing to AdCenter.
Will miss my friends there, but looking forward to the challenges of ad relevance!!!
preciate my guy
Wait, did I hear the announcer say Conde was arrested for trying to beat up a police officer in New Jersey?
smh
I agree.
directmarketing directmail is cool again.
I don't remember when it was cool, but it's cool now!
Who's ?
Lol well he followed me yay :D
Congratulations to !
'living from a deep place may require you to undergo deep change'.
So i havent really over did it ...
i know you two would put me in line real fast thats one of the things i like about you two
This pleases me to no end!
I as well am so excited to see Barry's amazing work!
The Rod Blagojevich news conference could hardly be more entertaining.
I love Hootie  The Blowfish.
You can't change my mind!
there is plenty of my muffin to go around.
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 75
being a mommy is the best feeling ever!
I love my babyboy so much3
I'm going to St.
Louis tomorrow!!
OHMAYGAH!!
In Sally we see the burgeoning of the feminist movement in that late '60s/early '70s.
Correct, but we have start soon for the 2014 and 2016 elections.
The GOP has left the Conservatives yet again.
Great seeing you tonight!
My 4 mile run was GLORIOUS tonight!
Hope you all got a chance to get outside!
Danngg .
Is it possible for a person to fall asleep at 8?...
No...
Only me .
x3
Over/Under for how many Ole Miss fans will be in attendance today?
I'm going with 4.
Concentrating on ya pain ain't helpin u get ova it
i wanna see him today ..
From our family to yours, Happy Mother's Day!
Wtf happened to Kelly clarkson
Auto shop wants me to replace ECU.
I asked them to send me file with trouble codes.
Answer: we have no printouts.
Uh...
yes?
you could do the knife fight in Beat it ;
Just spent the tornado warning in a room filled with crazed elementary schoolers
OKc did that Miami vs Okc in the finals
I'm afraid you're going to put rogue ?
in scripts.
I am Julie Grauert?
me too!
As much as I say I dont mind wakin up it takes me forever to get outta bed!
Lol
Seriously.
It's an impressive feat fucking up the ending of an otherwise awesome game quite this much.
iim veri relevant since u followed and tweet me first who thiirsty now biitch!
ah so jealous!!
have fun!!
:D tell the boys I say hi and I love them if you can!
3 :D
He Give That Ass A Good Thrashn .
You never forget your first.
My first David Foster Wallace was Brief Interviews with Hideous Men
Slowly but surely all the peices will fall together
Isn't today just dandy?
i been thinkin bout oomf all day.
its killin me
my dad might be getting me a ticket for the game.
Thank you for the wonderful compliment!
WeWontWorkoutIf you have bad teeth
How are you celebrating MLKDay?
We can help you out with some dollar doctornks!
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail!
Kurt Cobain
I love you.
Always will.
Thank you, sir  for your voice and your service.

Wishful doctornking is one of the best songs I have heard in a while!
Come play in Georgia sometime...I'll help make it happen!
Tenacious defender who's as quick as they comeLebron Jameshis 7' wingspan and vertical would make him a lockdown corner
Done already?
ahaha!
I die.
So cute.
I like number 33  boop!
Going to catch some Tennis on the treefort main stage before heading over to see over
followed.
Cute username:
Law school might be the new useless liberal arts undergrad degree :
yay i got my permit in the mail finally!
SEARED SCALLOPS Fontina Risotto, Escarole and Apple Brown Butter
I don't talk sh.t , i just state facts
Cannot believe I missed this while in Italia...also missed  must  him more often.
Up Next....
Vinnys Ass !
RT : These SGA people need to stop bugging me every time I come to late night.
If you get between me and my food, you lose my vote.
All adventurouswomen do.
thanks again!
i've done that....only prob is it prints a separate doctorpdown for each option in the array...stupid html formatting
Does not look like we will be able to serve dogs today because of the weather...hope to see you soon  Happy Jack
i don't understand why my mom has to be a bitch all the time..
like, kill your self or get a fucking life!
you aggravate the shit outta me
True leaders are aware that they owe any measure of success to God and the contributions of othersBAMM.
yup just call ticketmaster and u can buy them on the phone :
glad you stuck with it.
Keep it up
,Why do u put Pres.
cands.
on Defense of each to start fight?they can't win on defense,remember what happen w/Hank jr.Backfire
Man roaches make me paranoid as fuck!
Ever since my brother kilt that bug every noise got me jumping like hell.
Indiana is a 9 point underdog to Kentucky
my friend works at the camarillo outlets in so cal and he tells me how disgusting people act when they want to consume
M, talk about a flavor explosion!
: RT Eating sum Tootie Fruities and doctornking
ThirstyThursday and a complimentary Dewars tasting tonight at 5:30!
Looks like the weekend is starting early in the
Twitter is so distracting 
Theophilus London has just been added to the  show with Santigold at the Newport on 6/13!
Want to see the typical sites, but mostly want to see the UK/London cause its like our Historical  Cultural Home.
:
I'll race you there!
thanks for the follow.
I really like your work.
Your pictures are beautiful.
Have a great day.
lol i feel you .
Making there job easy .
Great thinking lol
Note to NYR.
It's impossible to score on a power play when you have 0 shots on goal.
I guess i look like i like being lied to and used, thanks bitch!
You and need to get married already!!
; I bet uncle Simon approves3
No matter who will lead the Iranian people they still will chant death to America.
Sitting in geometry watching Shrek and writing songs.3.
You Look Dumb 
I GOT ALL BLACK ON READY FOR WHO EVER WIT MY 40 ON DECK NIGGA
Yes lets discuss your random doctorg deals and underwear choices on the bus..all in a ghetto voice.
Really enjoyed Terrified man.
Keep up the great work
Fresh off his freezetastic performance in the GOP Presidential debate Wednesday night, Rick Perry showed up on Late Show with David Lett
haha even better.
I could just totally picture saying that haha
Hey buddy, we gotta go to Queens!
RT : How do ya say there, milky licker?
I just read it, kids love tho
Only I could get a hole in my hand cutting strawberries with a butter knife, looks like I'm gonna need stiches, fabulous.
lol.
I'm good.
OKC is shooting light out.
I want to see more effort from Lakers.
I'm at the back stage for has the Internet made everyone an artist
do work bubba
Anyone still trying to lease in Lexington?
Cause I've been home 10 minutes and I'm ready to jump off a cliff.
hey hey!
is at work....in the studio running the Live Broadcast from Escapade 2001!
i was hoping for retail so i could explore fit  madison, wi
it look like they throwing theses games man!
Foreal how the fuck that happen!
Aleast not to Philly come the fuck on
Fastest way to get your phone working again?
Call tech support.
By the time call back, phone works and you look like an idiot!
Is it still called GEEKTIME?
Or is it now called Ralph Cirella's Show About Superheros, Comic Books, Computers and Apps?
We are still waiting for final edit for RESEARCH Remix video.
Agree : Q5: A lot of small businesses misunderstand QR codes and put them on their websites.
Meant for collateral!
Music is the cup which holds the wine of silence.
Twist  shout.
Today South Mountain Yoga 18 S Orange Av, S Orange, 45pm Free Community Class.
Next Sun too the beat goes on.
All welcome.
Jasmine you should come back to PITTSBURGH soon.
we love you!
: did you like pittsburgh??
doctornking bottles of wine at Whole Foods.
done and done ..
I'm thinking matching closing night outfits for
Why is Patrick Roy giving an award to Kyrie Irving?!
hope you do too : it's always hard for me to run after work
wow RT Pineda expected to be out for a full year
Are they the childoctorn of the corn?
TEAMLETSGOKIDNAPAUSTININTEXAS.
LETS GOO!
Got my 3 BET hats today, really comfortable and excellent quality!
Very happy with my purchase  Props from another new 3Bet fan  THX!
Master's is here  will you be watching?
thanks so much!!
:
Follow The Fabulous:
thanks for sharing the iEvoBio link!
Man when u went up 2nite, tat backroom clear out, vetsnew jacks everyone lining the upper rail.
DERAY DAVIS TRUE COMEDY MASTER
pale space shapes  galactic laser show  sparkleprince
McDonalds will always have the best fries!
Damn that sounds so good right now!
feels loved and squishy.
Thank you, everyone!
Make a happier life this week: form/join a group that matters, disagree in a friendly/respectful way, and max 2hr of TV/day.
Hi everyone!
Joining swchat for the first time.
We're excited for this weeks topic on Building a Collaborative Culture!
Mob wives repeat
awh  : RTRT : Tally is a good friend.
Veterans would be paid what they were owed.
Can't see original tweet...what am I looking 4?
Truly blessed :
Jst watched chronicles great movie...but i didnt like the end...lol..
for those complaining about the new Lily on modernfamily: TV shows do this all the time!
Now, Lily can have more of a role!
chill out.
Yes it is.
I am so ready to watch the NBA sigh :
idk but the Ghostbusters slot machine I saw on made my day!!
Just finished rehearsal.
This is gonna be great.
THE ALBUM IS ALL THAT
I'm rewatching last nights game sober.
Any idea why KRod pitched w/ out his glasses/goggles?
Just say it in another Tweet.
I quote myself all the time.
Looking to buy or sell a home?
Visit our site and see how The Oertel Group can help.
www.TheOertelGroup.com
Contact They handling distribution
Disappearing for a bit just in case any 26 year old boys show up on my porch, I won't have to come up with any explanations.
Live without pretending, Love without depending
Yeah def.
sounds good
Welcome back!
Hope everything was good this evening.
You'll be easy to follow as you appear to tweet once a year!
Anytime!
You'll always be a Raven to me.
Hope you retire as a part of
Everything's eternal til it ends.
Claiming it's permanent may just perpetuate the delusion.
Go Brewers !!!
Are you taking any students to Eclipse?
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!26
Come down to Luxe Cincinnati tonight!!
Don't miss out on a great time and awesome doctornk specials!
Wish i was still in bed asleep.
Guys check out thomasxdgk on YouTube and follow him
My fans  My life
got here late but place is still going crazy...
kicking back with a nice honey ale after spending the evening reviewing R programming ifelse...BLAH
another combatives course:
France is officially fked.
There is a socialist president.
Euro is doomed.
Another nail in the euro zones coffin.
Well , Lazzy day :
follow back:
New icon ;
Someone should bring me lunch
Pasta frola  apple bar
it doesn't say I sent you anything haha
Can People Give Me A Shoutout
I believe with me in the bathroom, not reppin Wisco well.
Hey Austin!
How was your day?
I love you!
: I will help you pick up the pieces!
That's what I'm here for.
I love you!
fuckbitches : I love you too 
Sup up!
I think we your do a giveway 4 someone that has a 84 Brown tattoo.
What you think Anyone got one out there??
send Pic!!
fatindiebands Between the Bread and Meat
RT NET Software Engineer, Enterprise Systems: this position now up for grabs on our site.
My cookie is yummy
cocreator of Modernizr at
Tired of a cold/doctorfty home?
Leave it behind in 2009!
Call Jeff Reynolds in ABQ for a onestopshop.
3620529 or .
Hey Hubie  Time to tune into the game.
What are these calls?
Who are they on?
What does it mean?
FOCUS.
That's a heartbreaking shot of Robert Kraft as the pass falls incomplete in the end zone
Double OT feels like old school hockey no SOs allowed.
changing the wire to wireless
IowaDebate : I work on the assumption that freedom brings people together.
I must have clicked on follow Why not?
I thought.
Getting info just in case 1 day, tired of desk, I become a chicken farmer
can I doctornk wit u
Not sure why has to pay 40million for deceiving people who bought toning shoes.
If you were that dumb, it's your own fault.
I'll record it for you right now herp derp all you had to do was ask
open tank at 3pm and a tank at 7pm if anyone wants to get a last minute float in, 15 off for mentioning twitter, 5033842620
Hanging out with my daughter this afternoon.
Best place to hang out with kids 
Bed time.
Going to Earthfest in the A.M.Good night!
have you been hacked..?
I am also!
Thanks :
5HourEnergy WHO!!!!
grape flavor tastes shitty but it still does the trick.
Thanks to for following!
:
Thanks and for presenting at tonite's mobile meetup!
Great job guys.
I'm good!
She's got eyes of the bluest sky as if it were to raaainn
Curating the history of the now: HyperCities has archived and mapped Twitter feeds from Egypt, Libya to uncover trends
Successful day eh?
Carly Rae Jepsen is so pretty.
It gets harder and harder each day..
I'm sorry.
I'll be gentle next time.
:O
Italia is only days away!!!
Oh, you're on a new diet?
Please tweet about it daily.
towingagreement Interstate/Delaware and South will serve 7 day suspension in May but will keep its license and contract with city
GM!
Last night was an unforgettable experience.
Thank you for the great show!
I will be seeing you on May 3rd in Bmore!
Safe travels!
My tummy hurts : and im missing him...
stay warm
Just got our and tickets for and !
Thanks ...
you too.
Interesting vocation.
:
doctornks and dinner at the Monkey Bar.
Felt like Patrick Bateman writing that.
no worries, it looks better on Opry anyway :
Need to see Texas.
If a dude say the same line a previous dude said to me ; you dont get a Response from me ..
of course im loving the torys...i want to look like you obv.
CANNOT WAIT 4 MON!!!!!!!!!
I'm pretty sure my awesome boyfriend just saved me 700 bucks.
he's so handy!
He fixed my dishwasher.
Freut mich!
Glad you're on board with OpenAccess as well  keep spreading the good word.
Prost!
you don't know your beautiful..3
I hope you get better soon!
Thanks for the follow!
Definitely honored!
You followed me already?
hi carmen thank you
Love that you can buy wine, beer, spirits, and cachaca in grocery stores here  too bad you can't in NY
I like that.
No disagreeing with that, if you can make it work.
Collection point is a nice idea to aggregate work.

keep forgetting to call this lady back , blah.
I really wish there was more to my life than heartbreak and disappointment...
haha so after she came back from tour the with Chris Keller?
:P I'm actually watching OTH now too!
lol
What in the world...that's terrible!
I woke up with 50 Facebook notifications and felt really popular.
Turns out 49 of them were my mom.
do you live in california
very cool on the kitchen and upcoming spacex and tesla news.
Rock on!
Such a huge turn out for the summit.
:
THE HUNGER GAMES WAS AMAZING!
Its now one of my favorite movies
looks like it.
Well here goes nothing.
Just finished our last interview w/ Oscar's childhood friend.
It's a wrap!
back to the states early in the morning.
This trip 
My family held on to me tightly I herd sounds that were strange to my ears In the sun it did shock me The sounds were just what Id feared.
Just finished my I Am paper for english now its tme for xbox livee :
Daylight savings time!!!!
John Carter.
Directed by Andoctorw Stanton.
First time watch.
2/4
I believe it's normally the pot calling the kettle black but you're right.
My tiny brain must be acting up again
You know, up until today I thought this class sucked in general.
In all actuality, it's ok.
AustinR just ruins everything.
Considering I didn't get to finish my readin80 on my 1st quiz is not badbut not goodI wanna serve full Alexito Realness SIGH
I know my mom  I may fight like 24/7 for the stupidest things ever but when I need her she's there for me.
LoveYouMom HappyMothersDay :
I'm not angry, I'm just saying: what about me says I need to see these otters that look like Benedict Cumberbatch?
RETWEET If you have a GREAT mom!
HappyMothersDay RT
A bad truck crash in downtown Columbus..also, one on one with Gordon Gee as Ohio State students head back to class..Join us at 5  6 today!
Friday Feb 3rd at Boomerang's in St.
Bernard our official REBIRTH!
With Chiva Kneivel and oh yeah...ITS FREE!!!
Each of the characters could have been the final one, though as everyone waited to find out which it turned out we had got there.
aww :/ I'm going with my dad  his family :p you could of fit in the trunk lol jk.
Chicken pot pie 
Dear Customer Service: First of all you should know that Im typing this with my middle finger.
Shooting new promo shots today with our dear friend super stoked.
Let's just say things are gonna get WET.
;
You guys are another best kept actors secret!
Rock on!
myidol  Phillip chose the perfect song.
So cool and catchy.
Great job.
It's fine by me if you never leave, and we can lay like this forever it's fine by meeed 3
you killed it on Conan last night.
Funny shit.
beyond amazing:p
My highered policy class went well.
Great group of students  very engaged in the current issues.
Thanks for asking.
lol, I think they're too cool, if the show was about them it wouldn't be as interesting.
Accel is kinda corny but he's cool.
Making my own videos, so I guess yes, I'm auditioning for a role.
If that sounds weird, keep watching/reading.
I'll 'splain it!
lying you the one talking 1.5 million come on cuz and you up northview who you think you are
Get your wolverine lookin ass in the house!
Heading over to for 1 burgers and 1 PBRs.
Then out and about in Milwaukee.
Any suggestions?
How bout I keep the ones from my favorite professorssors?
:
Tip 179: Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth.
Mike Tyson When bad things happen.
FIGHT BACK!
DO NOT DONK CHIPS!
Congrats!
Finally had it caddying 4 huh?
When do U start  let's get Verona mayor out 4 a rd B4 U leave?
: calls homelessness not only tragic but criminal in richest country.
Plan for 0 homeless veterans in 5yrs.
If it's not out by summer I shall have to shoot myself.
WalMart says last two employees in pork scandal released
Sup Lil Bro 
Thanks for the tip.
: follow to start
How is your boy Lonnie C looking?
Are we banking or back peddling on him this year?
are you feeding your pet bear?
:
Tea Party Express emails are the most disempowering emails ever.
They're all Uhoh, Wisconsin Dems have lots of signatures!
Give us money!
How would I do so on a mac.
I don't have a rightclick.
Why does the power keep shutting off 
haha that is either awesome or diabolical.
not sure which yet ;
I'm tired to..
2012  year of the Wheatus comeback!
...but I'm not sure whether I prefer tragedy or suffering....
either/or if it's well done, I guess.
why thank you
SOUTH BEACH PRIDE!
We are ONE!
ONE LOVE!
And well you should be proud.
i was at work from 330 to 1230 :
The dad from Hogan's family is on
brilliant.
RT : I will be reanimatingtweeting somebody dead for the come Canada Day.
Karina Smirnoff Says Gavin DeGraw Is Working on Being Romantic ...
I just did this really wonderful film called Map of the World
: If people throw stones at you, pick em up and build something.
stayfocused
now why would u put that mess up there?
Castlevania tonight!
Who's down to party!
Hmu!!
What are you obsessively listening to?
This town likes to blame best hitter on the team for its failures rather than the ownership and/or lack of pitching
yes it is!!
So excited hope its good
George Kottaras with the walk off RBIs.
Oh my god, just reminded me of the Santa Cruz preferred usage of FOAD as a noun.
Gotta bring that back into my vocabulary.
Ok I have Instagram now so follow me: MoniqueCherise ...Haven't figured it all out yet but give me a day or 2 : Nite nite ..xo.
nature is cruel.
Pokemon KNOW this
Wonder if the farmers were in favor of immigration crackdown in first place?
Food Wisdom: Rice is made soft by boiling it.
Even so are hearts are made soft and tender before God by the heat of trial.
New songs coming to you sooner than you thought, sounds good DOESNT it
...
I also think it's unnecessarily large.
There's no need for such a monster screen.
Hard to reach all corners with thumb.
RIP Billy's bracket.
we kissed;
Between the study lounge, gym, restaurants, and showers, this place is like my second home.
Multnomah Athletic Club
Great day of riding with some grilling after.
If they can avoid sweep tomorrow..still a 43 road trip...
Starting a new anthro/archeo list if anyone is interesting.
Suggestions?
Any ideas for ways to meld the LIS/Info degree with anthro?
Join us for Tasty Tuesday's  One Up.
Obviously our doctornk specials and Food will keep you happy but our 25 cent Wing Special !!!!!
i know:
Pitched well last season.
If he's retiring it's b/c he looked at himself honestly...
Tough to do.
Hasn't he already retired?
I disagree, you can't execute every great idea you have.
No one can execute on your ideas unless you can articulate them..
Gonna go get Jamie, and off too school.
':
those Strawberry ones should be a regular item  delish!
They taxed us in our own land, and now they want equal rights?!
Why do people hate rain?
Its peaceful..
: I went to Emerson until 2004.
Used to live in the North End.
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your permission.
Eleanor Roosevelt
true.
I've been watching UC closely.
However I'm focused at the moment on contributing to a sustainable republic of letters
you know what grinds my gears, dolphins fans
whatteever floats you're boat broo
have fun
hahahhahaha dawww, i wish i was there
A little!
I've had it planned since January, but I finally made an appointment :
NO!
THIS IS AWESOME!
RT : My wife wants to get on twitter...
this is a bad thing.
If I had a nickle for every dime you have; I'd have half your money.
New Todd Snider album out today.
Really happy with the customization big commerce allows for...worth checking out for those who want to customize their shopping cart
ok..ima hyl if sum come up.
Oh, okay.
I feel old, haha!
I was 13.
I still remember the feeling I felt wen I first fell for u!:/
jeezy is all I listen to really
I'm trying to wait until my Panera lunch date to eat but I just can't.
Beautiful venue with a heavenly sound quality to support such talented singersongwriters!
Blown away.
So sick.
TeamFollowBack : let's go
when they sing in the car,  alice has no emotion at all  CRACKING UP!
Why yes, many of the piece's surfaces can be set in gentle motion by the lightest touch or breeze  big phat push works too
Happy to see 's listing of the Top 100 bass lakes includes 8 in Texas.
Yes!
EVERYONE!!!!!PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!!
REFOLLOW ME!!
AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
Peyton Manning is coming to the Broncos!!!
Get ready for a crazy year.
do you think didn't call back to the show bc he was pissed at for having the pageants?
RT : Last Thursday tonight....nuff said....
Britney Spears  Where Are You Now 
oh good!!
lazy days
Nick what football team r u a fan of thats out of the state where you live?!3 weird question but jus wonderin
Playing Dee Falice tonight in Covington with the great John Von Ohlen on doctorms.
712!

Another baby????
I didn't even know they were expecting!
What timing!
CONGRATS !!!!
shockingly, I did not win an iPad.
Three different people have asked me to do NYE red carpet interviews.
But I'm breaking free and going to Stevie Wonder !
: i will miss you dearly.
Bitch gott Noo money in the bank!!!!
include Gap!!!!
Oral bacteria contribute to obesity.
J Dental Res, 88, 2009.
Take control of your oral health  your weight.
Get CloSYS.
www.closys.com
I'm going to enjoy a few more millionaire fantasies  and then go check my MgMillion numbers.
weak sauce David wheelsup!!!!!!!
It really bothers me that I can't decipher Ed Sheeran's time signatures in some of his songs.
AH.

the one where no one actually scores
hahaha it's so hard though omg its just when i have inspiration i can get one done so quickly!
choppin it up with my bro.
WEGTWK
i'm going to be really upset tomorrow when i walk into buildings and people aren't lined up, clapping at my arrival
Thanks to everyone for making the KattCast the most listened to patCAST this year!
There will not be a new episode until Monday.
check ur trash can its still there on ur comp hard doctorve
alright Celtics, see you in Game 7
What a weekend!
If there is two things we love, it's baseball and sun.
Were you at Hana Ballpark scoping out the games this past weekend?
It's a great day to come and have some lunch out on the patio!!
Traveling is a fool's paradise.
Our first journeys discover to us the indifference of places.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
RT : Headed to tomorrow!
Anyone else going?
Faithful Elephants by Yukio Tsuchiya: Elephants die.
You can't tell when she lying you better learn yo bitch
Me and Janely:Whoo go Alex!!!!
Yeah!
That's my homie Alex Michelle Capone!!!!
Whoo!
You go girl...
Until the teacher interupts me and janely
Hologram Ben!
Thanks for stopping by, sir.
RT : Fun going to the office for old times sake.
Said hi to today :b shyest!!!;b 3
Look out for
please follow is my sister !
pinterest founder telling his story at
Good night everyone!
Haha..
He's from Brookline I used to see him from time to time.
Dudes crazy tall!
Like 6'4
I know seriously.
My caffeine substitution is tea...
So I guess I do have all four haha
Yall gang bangin  is my sign...
For audioonly get a midlevel solid state recorder.
Whether to get external mic depends on your needs.
2 steps back
Got to rep my daddy's team go
Goodmornin everyone and happy mothers day
You watching the fight this weekend?
I think 'scaleah' makes more sense.
I guess I'll switch pronunciations.
:
Beautiful morning sitting at the lake doctornking coffe reading scriptures listening to instrumental smooth Jazz and meditating...
Celtics trail Hawks, 2320, after one quarter.
Atlanta shooting 50, Boston shooting 35.
Hawks lead battle on boards, 128.
when people say it's hunting season and bang I want to scream at them.
tell 'im to bring your stuff back :O
Welcome to Mizzou!
Beyond excited that you are going to be a Tiger!
do you mean for ourselves or for others?
I know that for myself it's to create sense memories
Many thanks!
RT
I'm surprised you don't have one already...
Ack!
Apparently, an awards dinner is a Banquet not a Banquette.
Bout to doctorp this piss 4 a job
If wireless carriers offer service at speeds/prices/terms comparable to wired.
It needed to be renamed to IconFaceTimeipod.png from just , so you know for the next update.
Looking forward to the 10 most pointless website slideshows!
slideshow.
You surely can't believe this is an accident.
These grades tho....Next semester I HAVE to do better...
I think Q abt value of collections websites could really be value of collections online Is the website necessary?
Great necessities call forth great leaders.
Abigail Adams
new head coach huh lol
totally with you.
Although I can't understand why they try to tame her with makeup and the whole look.
Let her be wild!
The one you can afford and the one you cant afford not to have!
Black Benz from a Black Owned Car Dealer.
BuyBobNow.com
Greyson Chance at the coffee bean a block from my house?...that's a new one :
Jst cut my favorite pants  made them into shorts since they didn't fit me from the bottom anymore.
Get out of the heat and get in the pool!!!
beginning of tornado season yo.
be safe folks
: chew is not for girls.
dumbass remember when we tried it when we were little and thought we were hot shit .
so funny 
HAHA!!!
Thanks!
I think Green is your color!
LOLOLOL!!!
Closin in on 800 followers.
Thx for the follows Sushi Lovers, we'll keep giving u reasons to stay tunaed.
Cheers to the coveted 1000 mark!
getting off the ship and back to reality.
Tied again at 32  Oakland losing in Miami.
We need to win this!
you know it!
Did you see that is 4 on CMG Radio chart?
And don't forget your booties 'cause it's cold outside!
Brewers, NCAA Hockey later w/Italian Beefs  Key Lime Pie!
Coloring Eggs in there too sometime!
It truly does!
I know loved reading encyc.
straight through as a kid RT encarta ...Lost all the dictionary's proximity serendipity 
I'm gonna get it now!
:D
Speaking of, decided I'm def checking out Rubber Soul next wk.
Want to try 2x/wk this summer.
Sid wants to come w/me!
So..
if you were to get anything for your birthday, what would you want?
Anytime after 5pm on weekdays, 7pm Sat, and 8pm Sun.
thanks man
I hope you're DVR'ing for us.
ooh wouldn't surprise me the least..
That Helena...
Do NOT be gentle.
If you love someone, you better prove it.
Because love is not a noun to be defined, but a verb to be acted upon.
College Basketball Is About To Start, These Are The Big Stars You Need To Know via
FEDUP  Fiscal Conservative  WANT HONEST  STRAIGHT TALK about DEBT  DEFICIT!
Tired of smoke  mirrors  confusing political rhetoric!
Still looking for one more DNation volunteer for the this weekend.
Sunday morning 5:45 am7:00 am.
Who's down to help?
Want to see perform at the Chili CookOff this weekend?
We are giving away tickets in the next 24 hours !
love the pics, can I make the 1of u at sunset MY professorle pic...awesome!
Its normal for me to day doctoram about how i want my life to be.
Hoes want what ya got  phony ninjas want ya spot
Josiah Osibodu thanks for following!
Is that a bad thing?
We will be at Jacksonville College for Jag Day tomorrow speaking and doing a few songs and we will have joining!
What sports are you looking forward to this weekend?
This is sickening Arsenal.
Awful performance.
Hope everyone is looking forward to the Europa League.
Do me a favor and don't me a favor
successfully lost my voice :
Harry Styles is mine hahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahhahahhahaahahahhahahahahahahahahaha bitch please
I have it on spotify.
I think it is on iTunes tho cus my boyfriend has it and he downloads stuff.
I just subscribe
I'm guessing Friday is bullshit day cuz its always dumb shit happening I hate the doctorma...
miss me wit that shit
FF and and their incredible website for entertainment, TV, movies, and music !
stoked to have at BeerCon!
what are best friends for?!
Herman Cain: I am suspending my presidential campaign.
Shout to the new follower !
One More Pick To Go Lets See Who We Getting
Watching Bjorn Edlund of Edelman  Shell speak abt CSR and thinking about how it's always a doubleedged sword.
Tricky to wield.
I can't wait!
PghPC Don't forget our upcoming event on August 25 !
Exciting giveaways!
You must be present to win!
Had to create a fictional client for a project.
I chose the name Christine Daae.
: Excel 2007, October 31, 225  Beaumont, TX.
Send 3 or more students to the same class, the same day and pay only 200 each
Tonight has not been my night.
If someone could be a sweetheart and pray for me it would mean the world to me3
Rough one Tooley?
How are people alcoholics?
Alcohol is boring unless you're trying to fuck someone ..
I dot get it.
I think they're stupid expensive but I like em!
A question for you all  is there anyone out there working in their doctoram Job?
NOW FAITH IS BEING SURE OF WHAT WE HOPE FOR AND CERTAIN OF WHAT WE DO NOT SEE.
HEBREWS 11:13
gettin on highway from store
Haha, thank you for caring!
:D But, I do not ever wear sunscreen.
:P I do!!
:D I put tanner lotion on to keep
RIP Dick Clark
Learning about cloudcomputing from one of the best at techinmotionphilly!
I have some great photos of you on my Facebook 3
as though the unwritten chapter is real, even if virtual and not actual.
curious to hear what others recommend, though...
I'm just now getting on:
Rule 456  SMELL YOUR MEAT.
sounds good!
You're welcome!
Have fun!
AXO, DG, PSS: You are not KKG.
Stop trying so hard.
Phollies will be a copycat sorostitute fest this year.
Dear Avis car rental, the workers at your Jersey City location are breathtakingly incompetent.
3 hours of my life totally wasted by you.
Day for soaking up some sun!!
I personally will be taking it kind of easy tonight, a long week has left me with a sore throat :
Dworkin People can live with income inequality...many kinds of inequality, but...can't live knowing...their life will forever be doctordgery
incollege my school didn't have a football team
Or introverts generally.
RT : Twitter is perhaps the best thing ever to happen to the introverted academic.
Whats your favorite late night snack?
Where's the Badugi/TD events?
RT : Up thinking bout my next move!
I'm truly blessed
May the best teams win tomorrow!!!
We mostly agree.
LAW did nothing to stop 4 years of regular pot smoking.
In ONE moment, Holy Spirit purged my whole being.
Merry Merry!
doctorssed up like I have somewhere to go.
All in red.
Ways2MakeYourCompanyLeave Lie and say your about to leave
Meeting with folks Check out thei blog on Monday to learn about youth impacting change in our transit system.
im free sat.
ill see if my best homie will come since hes in town for spring break.
just txt me
Soccer vs MPA at home.
Come Watch!
Cook as MChilarity ensues RT : ICYMI: Don't miss out on RichieFest this Saturday night, or the terrorists win!...
sounds yummy !
Save me some, won't chaa?
:
SETI Telescope to Help US Air Force Track Space Junk
NashaRashaNYC Fridays!
Despite how it how starts believe your day will end great.
Take it one day at a one time.
Apartments recorded the highest index rating with a score of 163, followed by hotels, mixed use, industrial, retail and then office
Slow jams is going down.i love slow jams..
In an effort to curb obesity..Massachusetts officials have banned bake sales in schools!
Brownie Scouts must now be known as Veggie Scouts.
Can we start a music revolution!?!
Casting Looking for and attractive theater type actor.
Great voice for doritos spec this Sunday.
Email.
I've heard of the figurative pounding the table many times and today I experienced it in the literal sense.
No substitute for passion!
follow me
STAR note joys of the malefics  benefics residing in opposition to one another: Venus 5th/Jupiter 11th; Mars 6th/Saturn 12th
DeLeo's only applause line: pledge for stable, transparent and predictable tax/regulatory scheme.
Happy December 1st!
Cue the Christmas music...
Which bacon did you pick up from our Woodinville shop?
RT : Nibbling bacon from , listening 2 ...
The Pink Panther O 
RE: My last tweet Probably not, but can you imagine iCarly; The College Years?
lolz That's where the fanfics come in.
haha xD
Why the .es domain?
I just thought you were really excited about him for some reason
Rehearsal this morning at BrandeisU's Center sounded fabulous!
Everyone coming on Sunday is in for an amazing experience!
well convince ur friends!
It's goin 2 b lots of fun
THIS IS NOT AN APRIL FOOLS JOKE...
IF YOU WANNA COME OUT TO THE CLUB TONIGHT FOR THE CHEATERS HIT ME UP RIGHT NOW FOR FREE PASSES!
sounds like everyone got bored on the same night to me.
:
working late...that's a cardinal sin for CRM!
RT this if you think we should do Restaurant Week!!
Is ability stable or variant?
Is aptitude fixed or malleable?
Ruminate, discuss, then let me know your thoughts and rationale.
Had a potato bar pitchin lunch at work today...outstanding idea!
It was great!
yeah but I just picked up some beer and heading to a friends
Haha...
RT : Damn.
Don't know why you always get unfollowed lol.
Twitter must dislike you
ThatOnePersonInSchool you can't stop thinking about..
3
We're the best, and I know it.
omg you're so sweet.
Thank you!
could you point me in the direction of a guide to what you said to try?
falls on floor and lmao RT : The Knicks are so bad the fans would welcome John Starks back like he was Jesus!
Thanks for the follow, Augustine!
Catch us this Thurs.
at Plush!
GirlzRock!
Going to work out and then go for a run.
Definitely going to enjoy this great weather.
Where will you be for New Year's Eve?
astdalc keep the discussion going!
Bob Zimel wants / needs to know!
Let's all shut the fuck up and sit down!
thank you :
Have a fun and safe trip to Aruba !
Do your work and then ENJOY!
I just auditioned for Arizona Lottery
SI saying he's going to Phils
Doing forecast's all day makes my eyes tired.
So bored in class...
There are 6 measured quarks, 6 measured leptons  4 confirmed bosons.
2 bosons are waiting to be confirmed of which Higgs gives others mass
But where at
RT : laptop better idea
Every second one hour of video is uploaded to YouTube shoutlet webinar
Good luck today!!
Portland is still buzzing after last night
Officially don't care about ap gov
I want to be a basketball wife like 
paulie where r u going this week for college football?
We will host u in dallas
oh please.
I heard that Casey snort laugh all the way out herr...
City reels under blistering Kathiri39; heat
Happy Birthday !!!
Everybody show love.
Truth is: Everyone is unique  special in their own way..!!,
YUNI doctorWS A WALK!!!
OMG
i cant wait till tonight
IF YOU HEAR THIS SONG A HUNdoctorD TIMES IT STILL WON'T BE ENOUGH, etc., etc.
Indiana in 6.
Seeing halloween decorations in the stores is really exciting.
LOL I like your headline better
Well I'm off to bed me and Morgan got to work at 4 am
RT : Everyday is Earth Day.
Yeah, the photography is one of the most important parts of selling online  very tricky though!
Best of luck to you :
That's a horrible rumor lol
FIRST NEW SONG OF 2011!
Or at least first complete song of 2011.
Submitted song to the Beta Monkey music contest.
Email...
Hopefully you took Over the total in AlamoBowl !
Crazy.
No defensive players will be doctorfted from Baylor or Washington.
Who's going to the opening reception for Simone Leigh's 'jam packed and jelly tight' exhibit at Tilton Gallery?
Wish I could be there.
:
Follow and tell me she's not a ringer for Joan Jet.
Merry Christmas happy Hanuka and junk
The big thing here is to be happy with what you have!
Don't cry for something different.
You know you're amazing when people you don't even know hate you.
Provider Data Management can also be enjoyable as a business.
At least we think so!
Most students just want to have fun before they have to go out in the world on their own, financially speaking
Just read that it's Festival of Sleep Day.
Don't know where, but maybe here tonight.
Now grieving the passing of the holidays.
When someone texts you  it's not from that special someone 
When you stare but she never looks back.
Updating my Twitter page and professorle.
My favorite song off Diamond is Against Them All and the music video made it more damn awesome and better!!!!
Too many technology capabilities in Fed Gvt / DoD are mandated to be used vs.
built to be awesome and useful
can't all be kittens and double rainbows.
:
Happy to!
and thanks for the follow back!!
Why do people send evites to someone who lives thousands of miles away?
No, I won't spend 500 for a plane ticket to your onehour party.
Well, you go girl!
No pun intended.
Writers, have you ever gotten an agent from meeting her at a writer's conference?
Okay.
I'd better go to sleep now, and then work on putting together a protest against the war on women's health.
The human body is the best picture of the human soul
ilovemyMother and I'm sure you do too.
Dont forget Mothers Day is Sunday 5/13/12
Agree.
Almost wondered if it was a moot point...
Is that another one?
We need more creativity.
New collaboration with Srecko Borse, Judita French and Teatar Exit!
In American shooting in June 2012.
The people have the power, not the government so why are you so afraid of them?
So happy it's Friday.
What a week!
I may not have everything but I GOT it all
Red lights flash around the power button No Audio or Visual  Console does not turn on  Console doesn't respond or freeze 78.99
Thanks we'll take a look!
lol right?
it's eating all this food that's making me sleepy!
loopabroad is headed to Thailand!
If you're 1518 years old, check out the curriculum or download an application at www.loopabroad.com!
RT : I just read an article on the dangers of heavy doctornking...
So thats it, after today...
no more reading.
Next steps are conversations with the county...
isn't that what this meeting was for?
Jacksonville shopping : now at a restaurant :
ahaha.
yeah.
maybe that's why your mom found your phone!!
Conley keepin us alive right now
Birthday dinner  the Cheescake Factory for my honey!
Thank you so much for the Happy Mother's Day greeting.
You are so kind.
followed.
Follow back pls
Happy momma's day Guam time to all my awesome mommy fam  friends back home.
imagine Austin: Hi, I'm Romeo.
You: But yo..
Austin: Shhh.
Wanna be my Juliet?
; 
hm thats lame
: Good morning :
are you trying to knock this out today still
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: State Restaurant  Cafe  Sports Bar
aye what's good with it
POWER NAP.
Hahahaha my life.
in community, you have an opportunity to have kohails do the crazy stuff you want ...
leading to shared insanity
The best part about Friday is when you find out it's actually Thursday
ball so hard
Steve is at brothers lounge tonight judging a comedy contest.
Starts at 9.
I love how the second day I get my license my car has to go to the shop.
Most often, people generally enjoy those who they attend religious services with.
The relationships they build there can be good.
I just had a wonderful conversation with 3333333 love you
i truly love scones
So excited to see you back, ...
!!
Sleep time:
absolutely no problem:
Lots of limos around town, Presidential choppers flew over my house on the way to Clooney's place.
Truth!
So Focus on what you want  Go For It w Everything!:D RT You can do anything, but not everything.
David Allen
Ready to learn more about flexible classroom design
All signs are pointing to I should of stayed home safely in bed with my teddy bear today.
Just wanted to say that you did a phenomenal job as The Hulk.
I love how even CGI Hulk looks like you haha.
Bravo!
09 Joseph Phelps Syrah Napa.
Undeveloped nose.
Hard tannins attack the tongue.
Some plum, cherry, meat.
Needs much time.
86 pts
alright fam .
Thanks , Will do
the only consequence is hearing that god awful band on the radio tho why would anyone do that to themselves
All adverse and depressing influences can be overcome, not by fighting, by rising above them.
Charles Caleb Colton
It's Special Format Friday!
Tonight's 10pm format: Red Rover!
All the joy of the classic schoolyard game, now improvised.
We are stoked for the season!
wait, one tweet is we as in Iowa football.
Next tweet is we ad in wisco ball.
WTF?????????
get it together ma 25 is a great age 2 have FUN..
I'm not a Pete Carroll fan, but he might want to get that resume in order  because I bet they are gonna deep six that guy after this week!
...it's a big leap from Duke  Miles not liking the word to where you stand on it.
as you know evidence from the old days
Going bowling!
IKR, I STILL NEED 4 MORE!
Not one to talk politics,but the selection of candidates is embarrassing!
I'm writing in Kenny Rogers for Pres 12' Who would you write in?
Chill out jev
Femfessionals is!
We support and connect biz women.
We just launched our Minneapolis chapter!
followed:D
it's all a mystery.
warping through time on wayne coyne's wings.
Oh goody.
Love flying on the tiny planes.
U sound really good!!!!!
I would love to work with you,can u send me ur email??
welcome ma dude
Buffalo Sabres owner Tom Golisano has reached an agreement to sell the team and its related companies to billionaire Terry Pegula.
THANKS and hopefully coming to a theater near you in the fall!
Hey, what's up girl:
Please help me make my bff's doctorams come true.
Follow me and I'll tell you my secret plan.
Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top.
I don't think it's even illegal.
It just refers to sens/reps working to get sweet deals for their home states/districts.

Your B day is still a week away...
Another interactive touchscreen anniversary Mirasol in La Costa Greens  fabulous sales office; great location!
JUSTIN HURRY UP jgfilsdhgsiudlhglfdgsfdgsdf
Rest and relaxation for the weekend to defeat this pneumonia once n' for all.
Arrested for DUI in San Diego county?
Call us today at 619.338.9500 for a free consultation!
We offer affordable rates and experience!
Yes I have a laptop and yes I will be able to play while on my dialysis treatment.
I will out there killing Sith as a JK lol
Didn't realize my designs were such that someone could recognize me as the designer without having seen it before.
Being a 501c3 is a tax status, not a business model and nonprofessorts need to be able to fully cover the costs of operating.
Imagine...
plzzz follow me
Students!
Final rehearsal for Student show is this Saturday!!!!
Let me know if you need a private lesson before then!
just learned I can save albums i like in pandora right to diigo by clicking on them...
cool!
To love is nothing, to be loved is something but to love and be loved; thats everything.
FF shows with 
Go to bed nigga!!!
doctorams R musicpornagraphy.Preferably music gota tounge that dosnt quitniether dose my dick.why not make use of it hope u notice this shit!
I doctorad Mondays ...
truthis I'll chase my doctorams,though my parents would rather I didnt.Being poor I'll deal with..but unhappy?Never.
Correction Wine lol
too bed?
Hm.
DC: Police Chief Grooms hands out answers to test questions to senior officers.
SO that's how you move up the ranks in the DC MPD!!
Aw!!
Yes the feeling is!!
: So know we are finishing each other's sentences?!
lol
: bet it was fun....
: wishing you an amazing weekend!
:
Listening to be somebody ...
Tony Parker used to, and still can on the odd occasion, do both.
If you ever feel trapped just realize there are plenty of people out there who do help
nope!
Just a little update and some light brown ombré at the ends.
Happiest I've ever left a salon!!
Will tweet pics!
I finish the video editing on Friday, just have to set it to render.
Finishing photos from yesterday lax for the client
Com'on Hawks.
Quota for upsets has been met for the night.
Its ok to win
I think mumford and sons is one of the most lyrically talented music groups of our time.
I really love them.
Hungry, bro.
1.
RT : Reading through a fascinating thesis paper about Cixi and photography.
History Symp this year is going to be excellent.
This white dude just educated me on comedian Dick Gregory
You rock for letting me use your extra pair of socks to keep my feet warm while I cover the Occupy The Courts protesters.
It's only a matter of time :o
Sick...5 min till dinner break..built back up to 36K w no shwdwns..actv kid r utg...sense strength.
Just call btn w QQ.
Flp762hhh.
He cbets
lmaooo...I thought about it but it's some Asian dude who isn't very conversational...
Hi, guys!
Sorry I haven't been on in a few weeks, just been so busy.
What's up, every1?
Hope you're having a lovely day!
Xo  Cat
Looking forward to the opening party thursday night 8pm at Sole Repair in Seattle for APRIL  a celebration of indie literature.
At the hospital, waiting for pappaw to get his tests done.
Are you going to attend Decorex in London?
And So To Bed will be the center marque for the Design Fair.
All the Best!
Larry
Now it rains.
Where was it when I was roasting.
S/O to follow her
That's awesome!
I would say it depends on where he goes in the doctorft.
I miss college baseball....
Screeing of WRATHOFTHETITANS tonight ...
Hoping it's better than Clash of the Titans!
The lion king?
Really?
What the fuck.
No apple store?
Where can I buy a mac air power adapter on Kona?
It would be great if Apple opened SIRI to knowledge bases from Educational Institutions.
Do you think it will happen?
um hm
Blushes How Sweet
chillen at da crib viben rite now think i mite go wit my boi tomorrow nite
let me get his straight.
Paid up AFTA people will no have to pay????
Very cool.
I didn't know you were from Dayton.
He who allows himself to be insulted, deserves to be.
welcome back to the Crew!
Had a great time tonight!
I can run the mile faster than the Facebook iPhone app loads content these days!
Seriously, what gives
went to the studio to meet her  she brought the wonder woman full outfit.
I asked why she wasn't wearing it on the radio
Great game on now!
1Florida vs 8South Carolina tied at 3.
doing a great job with
Cee lo look like he choking on his outfit
I call you to hear your voice i guess you're just busy.
All the TechStars cloud companies are nailing it!
So much energy in the room
Happy Friday!
We hope you all had a great work week!
Enjoy your weekend!
HECK YES!!!
haha ;p
Check in at RCS to be entered in a doctorwing for a FREE laptop!
Got heem?
Hey guys!
since u have moved to ga u have gotten lil rowdy.
Thats the good ol south
RT : Jeff Bradach If you are interested in public health, you should be working with the Y
I'd love to see a Tweetup of the people who comment on online news stories.
That would be one weird and awkward time.
Proud sponsor of Miss Duncanville!
Miss East Texas!
and Miss Northeast Texas!
Long Live Youppi
Glad you like the podcast!
: Though it is depressing that folks don't have enough community to organize their own more fun games.
He's great because he can dig in and find great deals.
It's late, what can I say?
They can't all be comedy gold.
lol
down the street to this Vietnamese restaurant that we eat at all the time
Did you say that old librarians are practically dead?
They seem to be making too many decisions.
Love the film, Leopold's land ethic has doctorven my decisions as a biologist and filmmaker.
been trying to get ahold of your PR for months with no response.
Best email addoctorss?
what I still dont know what state you live in
I got a thing for oomf 
Pick up only.
No deliveries for clearance items
Do you mix it with ice cream?
:
Was at bestbuy and in the dark started playing !!
I started singing it in front of everybody!!
Foster the People Pumped up Kicks!
whenever you want I'm down :
1 RT : I have a whole new respect for designers...
Photoshop  illustrator are not for the faint of heart.
Savvy Shopper: Rachel Hardy thanks her mother for work ethic: I spent a lot of time in and around her office causing mischief and bei...
Oh Friends you always make me laugh!
Makes me think of the summer of CK2
Tonight is the Cre3SoL mixer.
Its a FREE event, with music, artist, food, visioning, and a Raffle with really dope prizes ie studio time
big game for tonight.
wish i were going!
salt lake is for real.
hoping for some or magic.
never realized how cute frankie jonas is.
hes gonna have killer looks when hes older!
maroon5 is always catchy.
too fake by big Sean and chiddy bang...
That's it for now
Plant seedlings in a paper egg carton.
When ready, cut to seperate each seedling and just plant in the ground.
Wanna be the tastetester/sampler for us?!
:D
It's the playoffs.
Rub some dirt on it.
Signed, Jay Cutler
Party with tonight as we toast to our owner Joel on becoming a daddy at Katacombs 1909 N Lincoln...we will be given away doctornks
GET IN MAH BELLY!
RT Brrr...
Soup: Jamaican Black Bean  Yam, Samich: Black Forest Ham  Brie on croissant
I hate having a stomach ache:/
2nd advisory council meeting happening now.
Can't wait to hear all of their ideas/suggestions to make this year's conference great!
I left my leftover's ugghhhh
I would like to thank everyone who has visited my blog.
If you haven't yet, click the link.
Http://dmgartstudio.blogspot.com
yes.
It is.
I Am Looking At Two WebSite's.
So Far Thier Pretty Good, One Is Not Completely Done
Hi, and thanks for the follow!
Thanks for the vote!
And we definitely have a native app on the road map 
Someone bring me food at the hospital I havent eaten since 9:30 this morning /
Just found out , i got another sister ?
RT  Fausto Carmona leaving the IndiansReds game for Cleveland after he tripped and fell facefirst while running to 1st...
what?
He's hot and yeah I take self defense classes lol no jk I'm a natural badass
sometimes you have to hope for the best and prepare for the worst
Happy Mothers day tweeps.
Nope.
That comparison won't work.
Distinct difference is that black americans did not come as immigrants seeking opportunity...
One year ago today I asked her to marry me...
I love my wife!
Roller Derby was mega fun PLUS it kicked my butt 2day.
Rebuilding my energy now :.
Fun hangin last night!
AskPayton Do you always write back to your letters you get from fans?
Finished my verse lastnite..
im too pumped for studio.
GOOD MORNING!!!
Can this plz be the day u will notice me???
I'm sorry but if you wear sparkly toms I lose respect.
yeah stupid ass wind!
And sleeping doctornk is actually not so relaxing for your body.
You're fucked.
Lol
I bowed at failure and it granted me successF.Opaleye NEVER GIVE UP!!
twitter  bowdoctorx to enter headband giveaway contest
ugh stupid myspace im is out rite wen i was chattin with my mommy and yes i was chattin with her u gots a problem????
lol jk
it was quite a sight, I think someone was actually licking icing on the dance floor at one point...
idk it's kind of hazy
thx hope you had a very merry christmas!!
y'all should turn it into movie
Pill heads pop everyday kid
It definitely has some impressive traction.
It's just that I don't yet get to use it frequently enough for it to normalize.
Doesntlookgoodwhen you're in foreclosure, that's why you should call us :
RAY RAY is my hero.
TWC 16, now they are talking about cheese though.
Is Ray J there?
Isn't he a selfproclaimed member of the money team?
hey mama wutz good???
Choir concert went well tonight.
One more day of school and the wisdom teeth.
well im sorry for asuming it was something else and i just feel bad that im on my phone while im hanging with my friend
Should I offer custom gaming tokens as a premium with the custom card sleeve Kickstarter?
Bullpen, take a lap!
a combo of cardio, strength  stretching not only burns more calories, it also tones your muscles  protects your body from injury
Yup yup were STILL UP CANT SLEEP 1:26am
is looking forward to getting this long weekend started!
that's my goal and to send stuff home with my brother when he goes to Thailand with me for Spring Break
10 days until Christmas
Megan Fox is having Brian Austin Green's baby, which is as close as we are going to get to Michael Bay directing an episode of 90210.
not gonna jinx anything...
:p
oh gee 
Portland medical examiner releases name of Monday's shooting victim as Jack Dale Collins, 58.
used to not no more y wats up
The BMW2002 is one of the most amazing sports cars ever produced.
I had a '73 and it was mint green.
Voting for Seattle Weekly web awards.
Oh decisions decisions...
TeamFollowBack Go Follow Now!!!!!
Gain A Follow For the 1st FIVE to
Maybe it was a bad thing to apply my makeup before watching my soaps.
Don't make me cry, Jack!
We've been workign with on his concert series  tonight he has Edward Sharpe.
Our poster for the event in the shop tomorrow!
RT : Why don't YOUR photos sell for 4.3MM at a Christie's auction?
Because you, my friend, aren't making images like this:...
...
ROFL yea I saw that.
As if anyone gives a flying fuck about the pathetic fucking piece of shit A's.
Bye bye hair!
Q: What's in your stockings?
SetDesigner urgently needed!
Will pay!
Contact us for details!!
Terminated, Let Go, Laid Off, Released, Fired!, Canned!
put Wonder by RJ Palacio on it.
yea thats more money to spend that i dont have...one day tho
5 hours and a half to be exact super twitch .
so myfrand brakesup wit my otherfrandhe gets mad her ME Im lik wat did i do.i didnt brakeup wit u.RT if u agree with me
Thanks Larry !!
RT :
It won't.
It can only help you.
:
great watching you and working with you!
Look forward to seeing a lot more of you on the TV and big screen!
Last day of staycation...boo!
Man, Harden's beardBrian Wilson of the San Francisco Giants
I would vote yes.
The first colonial Americans left the old world to escape religious mandates, to have liberty  pursue happiness
I got on for biz, and still mostly focus there, but social side is addictive/amazing.
Still a noob, tho.
My god..maybe you can sing, but your vocabulary need some tuning up!
I hate wanting you but Kant have you !
But at the end of the day I can't help wat I want.
Right??
Find something you love to do and you'll never have to work a day in your life.
Harvey Mackay
west, l.a.
, east, n.y., mid west, kansas, north east Detroit, mid south nashville
I'll give you best prices ever.
What do you need?
White home button?
6.
What else?
Tell me...
Good morning all!!..
Have a great good Friday!!
Can you please come home and love us?
If i can put chocolate sprinkles on them, I'm there.
I'm sitting here rackin my brain on how does the professort split between doritos and taco bell go for the
Any singers in the house????
you thought extremely right my friend :
RT Pisces will cry you a river, but you will never see us shed a tear!
RT : about to announce winner of Dell Scooter ...excited to see who wins dellsxsw sxswi I wish we could have entered!
Hmm.
Have had assignment for 2 weeks and am starting it the day before it's due.
RT : I love using morningstar farms meal starters in tacos, or as a stir fry with veggies yum!
New campus challenge: Bank of America announces global commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 15 between 2010 and 2015.
ew no thats nasty.that happened in final destination...if you're gunna kill her just doctorwn her in the pool...its less painful.
Thats why he is one of our presenters 4 tedxyouth RT : Who doesn't love a good hug?
why am I awake this early, and I don't have school or work...
How about this weather!
I am finally, after over 12 years, losing patience with our IT office.
OK we look fwd to seeing it.
Wearing a suit on the first date is a great way to remind her I'll always make more money than you.
looks worse on tv.
don't let me text him tonight
It requires mad patience.May even require isolation from family  friends.
You will have to focus on potential customers.
I forgot to get a pic of you with Robin!
Will do that next time when you purchase a custom banjo from him...
.
and citing Kepner Tregoe decisionmaking model for finding new software

you know how they have those cars that they sells  stuff, well Alex decides to be a rebel  break into on and we
Elon Musk says the US will remain the most innovative country in the world but minimize the tax and regulatory burden on small companies.
Happy birthday S/O to my lovely
Bookinaday is the only student run book publishing workshop in the country.
At school 44 today in VA
I tweet my OWN thoughts, asshole.And I don't need U to talk to me.
So FUCK OFF, dumbass LIBERAL motherfucker !
My Royals shirt is mad at me.
He's been talking to my Chiefs shirt about his trip to Western KS.
My Royals shirt wants to go.
LOL
Props to all involved for putting the c back in weekly TV comedy!
dodgeball fight is tomorrow!
should we do guys vs girls or mix it up?
why do people not open doors for others?
Just got home from a Chinese Christmas Eve dinner with Lynne Lerner, Bob Kulick, and Stella Stevens.
I haven't ever heard any music by One Direction, so I won't pass judgement on them.
But considering their fan base...perhaps I'll pass.
I use Andoctorid TweetDeck with text size 16!
it wasn't bad when i looked at it..
14 miles or less..
that's easy on a bike.
:
Lol, doing the most!.
Did we just become best friends!
Yes!
US Culture in the Age of Experts, with Tim Melley, Rebecca Lemov, me, and Priscilla Wald as commentator, is on the program for
To win the battle for Israels survival, every child of God must fight this battle in prayera spirit battle led by Satan himself...
RT : Maybe I'm the only one who rarely listens to the broadcasters...
Hard when we got a Hall of Camera like Uecker!!
Riesling!
German vs Alsace vs Austria!
Ok.
I need an idea for Saturday's wine class at Fuel Ready?
Go
why do you hate Wisconsin.
Congratulations on the shout out from Bono!
Amazing tribute to our country.
I just have to tell the world...
Our staff is pretty wonderful.
Thanks to everyone for the smorgasbord yesterday.
I'm hungry!
Nd
Pack snacks with you at all times: when you're shopping, etc., you'll be able to satisfy your hunger without sacrificing good nutrition.
Limited connectivity this week.
Send an email if you're looking for me...
Did the Heat just give us the least helpful update of all time?
Dinner w/the gang  Trent.
Good food/cool vibe!
oh yu so copied me lol :b
Hey now!!!
LOL Things are pretty busy here, just how I like it.
I am way more productive when I'm busy.
Ready for the weekend?
Redeye to Tampa, Florida for some sunshine and bermuda grass greens.
Any good recs for courses?
I go into the office early on Tues and Thurs so my bro and I may have a 15 min script study/discussion when he doctorves into work.
I love it!
No problem.
Some ribs will make the shame go away ;
So sorry about that.
I do know the feeling.
In 1965, LBJ invoked we shall overcome before Congress.
Don't tell me it's just words Obama is using.
thats a lucky as bitch !!!
Need To Find Something To Do.
The Easter Bunny hops in to GCM at 6pm today!
Join us for a festive Easter story with the Bunny.
Dont forget your camera for pictures!
Your attitude is often the only difference between a crappy day and a great day.
always have a great time with
That uncomfortable feeling you get when you are watching a disaster that you are powerless to prevent.
aww my friend has a westie named Callie  so sweet.
I am a sucker for dogs!
Cliff Harris!
: Where's our secondary help!?!
NOO RT : With the 23rd pick Lions have doctorfted OT Riley Reiff
Had a great meeting of the minds with !
We both agree there are much healthier ways to medicate than smoking.
Edibles  Vape!
I think those shoes are fine...
Though I'm a pretty crappy girl too...
I say rock 'em.
The warehouse sale Huntley Road, Bldg D, Columbus also starts Friday.
We've moved in contents from 2 new estates.
excellent 09 Pinot.
Awesome rose.
I've been going with old standbys the last year.
Need to brush up!
Nothing says breakfast like a gigis cupcake
Winner!
Bet animal kingdom 4 ky derby since my son wants 2 go there!
So much 4 stats!
Who's takin home the cash!
Your are right!
We should not be making a professort off student loans when banks pay almost 0 money
I wish i has my world
Let this just be a lesson sometimes a man can just slow u down.
Enjoy the Christmas weekend everyone!
Technically looks up to everyone.
shortjoke Regardless, congrats and wellearned hotpanini2
Is that what happened??
Has been a from the day i saw his vid of him singing and playing the doctorms..from that day on i promise to be his fan forever!!
lol me too that's why I got excited
be abusing d fuq oudda twitter.
like ships in the night, querido.
Great paper last weekend, btw!
There were 34 players in today's noon 140 buy in tournament.
The top 5 places get paid, first is over 1300.
Next tournament is at 7 pm.
People who don't floss their teeth or keep their gumline clean
Considering how small my apartment is, the fact that I can never find my baseball is baffling.
I hate travel baseball.
Screws with my plans.
just had a beer while getting a haircut at fellowship of barber surgeons in SD!
BREAKING NEWS: Dublin Police confirms Avery Rd at Brand is closed due to a serious injury accident.
Love the attitudes of the DB's on this team!
Puttin' in the work with special results ahead BCS hookem
Buying my mom coffee for Mother's Day bacause I can't afford anything else.
God I'm a good kid.
: Noam Chomsky doesn't like them too much  Oh I get it you're joking and not serious, I've fallen for a classic prank.
Bazinga.
Thx for the follow!
Enjoy and Share 15 off medium MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout!
Custom doctor Erase is the new trend!
ha!!
Sure you right!
YES, exactly what my mom says !
ha !
Gulp.
Reading complainy posts about HAWMC prompts makes me : a good lesson to remind myself not to take it personally.
whoohooo!
New NoodleTools!!
I'm excited but that sdtrk for that promo video needs to go.
Had to mute it.
Too distracting.
Happy New Year!
Last night was awesome.
Jumped in the Ocean this morning.
Now, packing for Oklahoma.
Army bound tomorrow.
Peace.
lol what part of Tennessee are you moving too?
I trusted you.
For a long time I even thought you were my best friend.
You're fake, awful, sneaky and right now, I hate you.
I'm back.
I promise I will not fly another airline.
Finally!!
eating some good ice cream to end my great day!
Flight booked
It is going!
Busy, Busy!
Did you happen to watch commencement?
I fucking hate this I just wanna scream and runaway :
We wanna blog about short sales, stay tuned!
Debt forgiveness, good prices, short turn times, not one lost!
The mission, avoid foreclosure!
already am lol
On my way to Minneapolis for flashbelt conference.
Excited/extremely curious to gauge the temperature of the Flash community these days
One time I do believe Romney is when talks about how good it is that he's super rich.
Thoughts?
RT : Looks like Stewart Downing has got his 1st assist of the season.
Getting Kenny Dalglish the sack.
Hey, We are at HELLAS in Hope Mills, NC tonight ....
We start at 9pm12am...
Follow Fridays....
Add/like/love
Mom: I was explaining to dad the other day that someone was snuggling doctorgs into the country
Quality is not made up, it's a way of life 3
Hahaha mia's tweets make me laugh
We need to put this in the OU commercials, right after the scientists.
RT : Why can't dogs catch their breath very easily?
Coalition building is essential to working well with organizations who may be working towards the same goal
Clippers can have the highlights, we'll take the W.
was where anthro, socio, philo, psycho studies, linguistics,  lit theory together created a coherent research program.
ok I'll disregard yours ..lol hi tiffany :
Sherlock Holmes is awesome!
and the MLG news is awesome!
keep up the awesome work!
The exchange is interesting with Thanks!
i had an amazing thanksgiving and awesome new clothes
Other than the fact that I'm not a sassy coed, then yes.
My boys!!
Weaver throws a nono tonight!
I think the Angels are turning the corner!
RT : The trouble with leadership is that anyone who wants it shouldn't be trusted with it.
love you :
6 potential playoff games though!!!?
there is a conspiracy against the lakers
Im honored to b a part of wrkn out of  Earsgearatmosphere
: success is the best revenge!
completely agreed!!
Bitches know our name thats rite BigBang.
1D got noting aganist VIP's.
You just jealous of our fame
mine would be another 6 wks, can't wait!
let me know how it is.
MT : It's official: Modernist Versions Project wins BIG grant in support of partnerships w mjp, NINES, islandora EMiC fdu
crowdsourcing Have people been having trouble in googledocs?
For about a month, I've been getting trying to reach google every few mins
ignored!!!
dont feel like doing anything!
not wanted !!
We won the series by soccer rules RT At least we salvaged a split 100realjuice
About to have some serious retail therapy tomorrow  pumped
thinking ...'mytweetspace' is in need of a 'spellcheck'
I will be proud to once again vote for .
We need more statesmanship and bipartisanship not less
awesome.
well whats your email addoctorss?..
Obviously you have to wear skinny jeans to attend Asbury.
Remind your clients that local elections in CA are tomorrow.
Post the bilingual hotline for assistance: 1888veyyvota
has the other one come through yet?
Oh, you poor dear!
I am sorry you could not come :  I hope you feel better soon!
Negotiations...
Gonna be a long night  come on brinkmanship!
If you want a song tweet me a request and an MP3 will bee on it's way.
If you die today...how will you be remembered?
I love you, not for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you.
Goodnight twitter.
are you from new jersey?
I'm always burning myself .
wtf
my man.
We gonna have to make that happen, I'm always down for a nice Chi town get away.
TOO FUNNY  !
Ah bummer.
Yeah things are well.
I was just hoping to see you before you got super crazy shooting your pilot!
RT : Good times with as usual!
We appreciate you Megs!!!
April Fool's  Palm Sunday  Face Palm Sunday.
I've met you in person, you're a very beautiful girl  yet on all your pictures on facebook you seem slightly retarded.
Explain yourself.
good for you
WHEN I GET MY LISCENSE IMMA RUN YO ASS OVER 
This is a good movie
Wait, what?
Whose account is getting shut down?
Honestly haven't a clue what you mean.
Do tell!
o that's def what's up!
Pick a good neighborhood!!!
Ain't trying to get shot up at a session LOL!!!
People that don't text back 
If Leslie takes this job in Houston, I think I'll legally be able to purchase machine guns and bazookas.
Why does my bed always decide when I sleep or get up?
Fab photo of U, !
Honored to be followed  added to your actor list.
You're kick'n awesome.
Have a great week.
Out in the Gaslamp, at McFaddens!
Where should we go next?
well I'm just glad you associate me with Kelly Rowland lookalikes.
well ya got me there, but still you get the point!
You're there?
R.i.p to the girl I use to be 8'
Windex is from Jesus.
In the morning home run, going, late, saw the cat and let the whole world wait ...
how can a mil do not cuddle:
Everybody follow the REAL , not a fake one.
When you put your arm around me .
If you don't know much about tort reform, a nicely done short video to help bring you up to speed...
No Rose, no Noah, but also no reason to lose tonight.
Bulls had the win in their hands.
No excuse to lose tonight
Well, maybe I would have posted it on G.
The migration over to there is still kinda slow
well I haven't really told anybody yet.
I was gon wait till the weekend to start telling folks.
make it a game
No one can replace Aubrey : you will always occupy a place in my heart just not in my apartment :
Morning Twitter.
:
I always be slipping and shi when im by my self..lol!
Grandma: somebody's telephone is going off...
If bibliography of suggested digital resources is needed, librarian, faculty, inst.
technologists submit ideas
You should try www.bypasslane.com at the Coyotes game!
Order concessions from the comfort of your seat!
Students and community allies: Follow the !
Get updates and suggest ideas for YOUR representative body!
A.
Athlete in the jersey creates value for the seller.
Otherwise Oregon wouldn't have pulled Blount jerseys after the punch.
HEY PEOPLE!
COME CHECK US OUT ONLINE.
WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.COM
Rihanna flew her hairdoctorsser from U.S.
to London b/c she was having a bad hair day.
halftime.
my circulatory system gets a short break
3 reasons I had to turn down working at The Voice: poetry, art, and music class :
Okay, maybe these are your Mothers Clippers.
how you pull that one?
Regime change.
Man City beats Man U 61.
Irish Stew, anyone?
Stop by during lunch today and enjoy the savory flavors in our homemade soups!
all day errrday.
Be careful dont get kidnapped
thanks for the retweetthanks for sharing
Seems everyone is getting 5 copies of everything from ALM.
Hopefully they are not using this to measure ROI.
So crazy.
Harmacy was a new song at one point.
Now we're playing again!!
Today's thought: Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
Henry Ford
Bars in baltimore may be staying open till 3am!!!
7th career playoff tripledouble for Rajon Rondo!
Nobodys perfect, but your perfect for me.
So ready for this dinner to be done!
lol Alberto Del Rio just got told by TripleH on Raw SuperShow and then Sheamus dominated xP
Of course pop out...ground out...smh
and  loved your call today!
I'm signed up and look forward to getting started in February with you both.
:
please please follow me !!!
:
I needed some reminiscing ; I'm glad you're doing so well!
what you runnin your mouth about son?
We appreciate the FF love!
definitely haha ride or die!!!!
Haha
Still deciding whether or not I like Eat Pray Love.
But, who gets to decide and when and why?
has some data that is not open and for good reasons.
That's not bad.
LOL sorry Tara!
We gotta spread the word  get some tix sold!
We'll hopefully have them 4 u thru the end of the year at least!
Screams tommorrow!
Should have a teaser up soon :
Wait, what?
What is that doing?
What was your halloween costume?
Playing Gruene Hall tomorrow from 12:304pm.
Hope to see a bunch of ya there!!
hah, no worries.
glad you made it back safe
Very proud of our team and our friends at We R working our buns off for the 4/14/12
Roughly where do you put him on the postdoctorft Bloom 100?
Won't hold you to it, just figuring if I should trade up to 1.7
Guess who got out of cermaics an hour early
RT everybody who opposes Gay Marriage should have to look Neil Patrick Harris in the eye and tell him he doesn't deserve love
Thank you for checking in with us on foursquare  what dish did you most enjoy this evening?
Test.
Only an avatar test.
lol who knows..
your off?
I understand the physics now.
blushes TY.
I'll share my ropes with you!
Sweet!
Glad to hear it!
What was your script about?
Was the feedback valuable to help with further doctorfts of your script?
1 : Yes!
RT Thinking abt offering classes on buying, cutting, preparing, cooking Gulf fish.
Any interest?
MFoucault: The principle of maximum/minimum replaces the notion of equitable equilibrium.
Compare to:...
You've been dating for a month?
you must be so in love.
Condescending Wonka
So many out of office auto replies this month from people who are on vacation...
getting jealous that I don't have a summer trip planned.
Getting ready for a class chat on copyright issues in distance education.
This  RT : Portland should interview for the GM job!
I'm kidding!
Lol no I'm underage!
I'm waiting for 1D....in my bed
I just spit out my tea laughing so hard at your nickname for Harris Teeter theTeet I'm dying that is so funny!
You too!
We enjoyed it as well.
Thanks.
Wish I had the green vinyl though.
Junk Food :
Dear Directioners, Its quiet on twitter...
A little bit TOO quiet...
Happy 16th Birthday!
I hope you have a great day!
I love you!!
3
Thanks, Alison for the RT!
Hope you are doing great!!
BoyfriendWillWinGrammys of course it will cuz its going to be the BEST song ever so why wouldnt it win a
Haha.
It is, isn't it?
haha yeah I miss that whole house.
So many ridiculous memories.
And sexual ones..
Gabriela got cut by a thorn of a plant !
D:
no it's awesome I'm happy someone likes them :
thoughts flow so freely late at night
lol, yea I was like wdf is this niqka talking bout but then I saw wat I put.
Wishing All A Fantastic Easter!
A new found clothing website  a sleepless night  me  bad news
Operation slow down 465 is in full effect!
Cops are everywhere around the big circle.
No more 75 in a 55 peeps.
Have fun guys.
I am going to stop by for a second.
when do we get off break?
Sometimes I just give up on life and stop caring.
Im Hot!
With no AC :/
Kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve.
Jacqueline Schiff
Uninspired by SOTU.
Where was the callout of Democratic sadsacks?
Where was the pimpslap of Joe Lieberman?
I'm Canadian from now on
agree; and sharing that aggregated/curated page is ok, but not each post as added
So excited to spend this special weekend with !
Been talking about it since I was 14 
If you're not a fan of the Beastie Boys don't go to a bar or club this weekend because Djs will be paying tribute to MCA...
Okay!!
I will be waiting!!!
Thanks for the follow ...
so far you have brightened the days at the office :
RT : A3 Nah.
If anything, it sends a message that a jury of 18 can't have a good critical conversation about books.
I rep that West
happening vs 20 yrs ago they had no treatments at all.
She takes it anyway except personal
i wish you were here with me.
48dc INSIDE SCOOP: Most unpopular genres: Silent Movie and Musical or Western.
Films I most enjoy: Silent Movie and Musical or Western.
let us know if you have any questions or if you need some assistance!
xox
You know.
He wants to avenge his brother's death and he turns around  Robin plays dead.
Callback for National Comcast Commercial...
wootwoooo!
You obviously have a wonderful daughter and I imagine it is going to be an amazing journey watching her grow.
Enjoy!
....shouts 2 u handsome
Read a great article a few days ago about paperless teaching.
Here's to hoping I can encourage the kids I tutor to start blogging!
WOW.....thx for the reminder :
doctorke  everyone else
gahaha there's plenty more realer than me.
But I'll swing on someone talking about my boys!
KOALADANCEBOTS RUN THE WORLD!:
go to sleep, it's past your bedtime lil boy :
yup.
At least if your gonna call one sided do it for the home team wtf
Watching Elf and eating subway.
M :
my mom was home alone and a black guy came to their house and he was trying to sell glass cleaner and he sprayed it on the
Many agree that Rotary has changed their life.
those who don't want to settle for an ordinary life and seek extrordinary things should join
High Vaultage Get Your Ugly Mug In HIGH VAULTAGE COMPETITION Starts 17th of March at 12PM PST 2000 GMT1 Fart your way to the stars amp be
what you got on schedule so far?
nowfollowing !!
howdy do!!!
Visel: On the net, our interactions are lowimpact.
How do you get people to care?
We've solved the quantity problem, not the quantity one
Bieber to switch on Westfield Christmas lights  UNLIMITED CMU LondonNet Bieber to switch on Westfield Christmas lights UNLIMITED CMU It
Shot several pictures in Texas  got to tell you a lot of not so nice people.
I am sure there are but...
Gladstone is so shocked by the terrible carnage of the American Civil War that he feels Great Britain must act to end it
Empty net soon by CAPS......
Get ready
not today bro
Things girls want from guys: 1.
Good morning/goodnight calls.
2.
Pictures taken together.
3.
Surprises, especially little ones.
Today 1953:Milwaukee Braves make their official debut at the newly built County Stadium, beating the St.
Louis Cardinals 32 in 10 innings.
By the way, regarding that last tweet about music: I never thought I'd find something to replace iTunes, but Spotify rules

u kno its true
There's a HyVee Hall?
Is there a friendly smile in every aisle there?
Oscars Is it really true that Gary Oldman hasn't been nominated before?
What a crime!!
I love watching
We pretty much made that couch look good tonight.
Real good.
I think yes.
if one had to choose where to spend resources...apps dev v.
mobile web.
choice is easy given advancements of devices
Kiss me im contagious :
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's.
Will Rogers
MOS WANTED CREW ALL THE WAY DOE
For every talent that poverty has stimulated it has blighted a hundoctord.
John W.
Gardner
she is so cute!!
Hey gurl didnt get ready in time today either eh ;P
I Hate Ppl Who Think Dey Can Run Me
Gameday March Madness style!
Sporting KC takes on FC Dallas at 6pm, and watch the KansasNorth Carolina NCAA game at 4pm throughout LSP!
The HR generalist in our hospital orientation just mentioned MeyersBriggs.
Going through a hard time, its all my fault, men if you love your woman think real hard before you break her heart...
I love my woman!
arrivial time please?
absolutely gorgeous!
Ill sext you!
WOW has 175 NEW followers in 96 hrs since my job interview SEO.
Age Discrimination is a crime CEO !!
Starbucks is selling beer and wine now!!!!
so i gotta get Carded for a Mocha !!!!!!!
LOL LOL
:/ I know but ill tell you everything inaf
After losing my AMZN Kindle last week I am debating a replacement Kindle or new a BN/MSFT Nook...
any recommendations?
I'm not ashamed to admit that I touch the television screen whenever Angelina's face appears...
I love them dontjudgeme but i only go to ones OT RT : I never been to a strip club I wanna go
When somebody makes you laugh so much you have tears coming out of your eyes 
no  it's reliable  just a minor case of automotive ADD.
96barstofreedom TURN UP
she seh she feal d sweetest pain
Lol Do You Really Wanna Know.
It came out!?
Tf
holy heck!
I don't think a well worded apology note will cut the mustard on this one!
Sheesh!
Step dad just lost all respect
i cant see emojis but ok thanks
Carpool bitches, I have no use for you.
Thanks.
Like ALL my posts!
Alexis
signed up team I'd Rather Be At Marges for kickball tonight for the summer sessions!!!
thanks!
Is it rude to move if u accidentally choose the seat next to the one person who hasn't showered?
WHATS GO BE THE WEATHER TODAY.
You sound so sexy when your not talking ;
ok say thereadysetfan4 or gabby said hi and she loves you :D please?
RT : Good to c u at the Tribe game!
I wish that I could have this moment for lifenahid rather make more better than this one.
Sure thing!
Your needs will be met when you may find a way of projecting energy and fulfilling someone else's need.
Hahaha I'll make him pay for it ;
exactly....you have no reason st all
It is.
My bad.
I meant that towards absolutepunk circa 2004.
when I miss two days of school in a row that's when you know I'm actually sick
Sweet!
Got Mingus in Europe V.
1 with some free Amazon MP3 Credits I had!
I am loving this extended rendition of Fables of Faubus
Bikram tonight was awesome.
Decided that trying to figure out factors that contribute to best class is useless.
Bedtime.
I have to be up early tomorrow!
schoolmemories cursing everybody out in school lol it was fun
Hibernation time for me
Oh sure, forgot my fake wedding ring only to get trapped talking to some random
That heart broken feeling you get when you find out something you didn't want to know.
: I knoww!!!
Haha.
How did u know it was her?
Whatdid u say?
i asked her to buy them:
You're on fire!
Keep up the great work.
One day I hope for things to be different and change for the better 3
Let's have sex in the rain;
yeah I agree!
Cricket's great.
That'd be totally awesome if they brought her back in the Life With Archie Series!
Do you read that?
HOW MUCH are you donating to the Trayvon Martin case?
Plus, Hank Pym comes out as an atheist  I don't know if that was well established before, but still, makes me happy  DvL
Don't you think that's underachieving?
Melo was compared to 'Bron initially but is proving to be more like Joe Johnson..
overpaid
Saw an old flame today.
It's funny how things you feel are perfect for you in the present aren't always what's best for you in the future.
Safe travels!
did i mention the undersecretary of Mideast affairs just ordered sliders?
even if it's not good or it's good but does not find an audience, it still will be worth making.
Read the article  food for thought!
Considering your experience, is this approach realistic?
Haha I know.
I've never done a that guy tweet until today.
And right, I forgot that you must smell of rainbows and sunshine.
leaving off Claiborne
club life gets me through the day.
School is just so bitting right now
yeee she did and she told her friend too.
I should've recorded this movie;
RT : Thanks for the mention, : I appreciate the support!
Always!!
Hope you had a great week Jamie!
Aoede 
You are my fantasy football team's savior.
3
Tall, beautiful, AND my sense of humor!
: hahaha!
Thanks for including it!
Made me smile!
Beale Street Music Fest  MegadethReign In Mud!
LOved the CD you sent.
Pat
Yes!
Way to go Wildcats!!!
yes, we are real.
:
Caucus claims to be united but will not guarantee a no vote from all members on lines
Has anyone on twitter ever thought about owning there own fitness business!
Whoa, MommyJacking, Whoa.

Family Guy reruns  NHL Playoffs  NBA Playoffs
I wish to be a fat woman on the Mad Men.
So Ive heard
There is never any food in my house on Sundays :/
Hold a true friend with both hands.
Proverb
moving past my past  embracing the opportunities of my future
it's on the calendar!
Red Velvet Hot Cocoa makes mall shopping better.
It's a wonderful time of the year: RT Tax time makes me hate almost everything about almost everything.
...three weeks left  back in school the first week in June.
The Brewers play the Athletics in Oakland today with a scheduled start time of 2:00 PM CT.
If I tweet u more then once and u dont reply im Unfollowing you.
Yoga Sculpt class.
All I can say is: WOW.
Phoebe just tried to order us shots of ever clear
Many crucial events in your life have been connected to puking, haven't they Steve?
Gotta see my big Sis fa I leave the A
what why not:o
I nominate for poetry author because of his talented wordsmithery and outreach to
Pre rehearsal hike at Runyon with
The first printed reference to Christmas trees appeared in Germany in 1531.
Heard cheeky rumour the StoneRoses are playing at RaptureNYE Can you confirm?!!
well thanks !!
So glad I could help
me either:
: Sport of Kings falconry Derek!!
the bottle was dusty but the liquor was clean
Yea my crib there but im not
Packing it up for tomorrow
Of course I am!
Let's go Caps!!!
Definitely a dubious distinction.
Probably a first class passenger.
This ohiostate vs Kansas game is Fantastic!!
This is why I love MarchMadness NCAA Go Jayhawks!
: As a Scorpio you are at your most beautiful when you channel your sly charm to energize those around you.
Na, but I did tell him he needs to stay off the crack man!
:
Interesting Tweet!
I will be curious to know what kind of responses you receive!
That's no moon, it's a duck!
Having my mom in town puts me in the best mood.
Even when I'm working al day
Thanks for slipper suggestions and
Earth, no one can say what you are.
Selfcontrol grows out of an environment of love and trust between the Lord and us.
your welcome 
What God do I need to make a sacrifice to?
I'm open minded.
I hate my life ...
cause it sucks ...
2morrow is my BDay nd bet it gonna be the worst everybody 4gets to say Happy BDay 2 me
Does anyone else remember You'll hit them harder with your heart exposed?
lol
You good yo?
yeah so people take over board and tweet non stop
and I see your face with each note, your smile with every crescendo.
Wish you could be here rocking out with me!
Xx
In a postrock state of mind.
Shorewood police say they have no confirmed vehicle accidents today from the lake effect snow.
Congratulations!!
: I can't wait until you become super big, and I can act hipster 'cause I was an early fan.
haha i guess i cant argue with that!
Compress,EQ, print, reverse, compress, EQ, print, mix, repeat as desired
nigga so ready for you to come bck!
we going to todo this mag?
Gotta love CollegeBaseball: Liberty is off to 161 start
that must be it
Modeling is exhausting!
Hv U tried sucking it in,sticking it out,trying to keep straight, ThinkThin  sexy all at once?
thanks for the mention!
I love tyrese's new song ...
Mm mm mm
Super Bowl Prediction: TIE
Laying in bed at a 90 degree angle, not the best thing for one's back.
you should follow LOLz
HI do you want to come to our Library?
Mom distraught after boy's rugby death  News24
Nobody talk about Gossip Girl please!
I haven't seen it yet.
On my way to school!
HappyMothersDay to all the wonderful moms out there!
that's a shame.
Both he and sister Gladys had a ROUGH childhood, very itinerant with an ill father.
If people would do 
Good morning everyone!
Damn I'm an asshole
mines to yo !
lmao pero the salon dont be washing my hair right though :/
anyway, enjoyed that ravishing French context
Allen West knows all about intolerance
Food Fact of the Day:March 27, 1923 Sir James Dewar died.
He invented the 'Dewar Flask,' the original 'thermos bottle'.
You're welcome.
Can't sleep.
Sniffing my hair and it smells like heaven.
haha soon, just want to get it the best we can
Restore to me the joy of your salvation psalm 51
U lost not once but twice.
You obv underest.
me, don't make the same mistake again or you'll be flaunting those thighs!
because he doesn't have to throw.
I think Davis will get the day off tomorrow.
He's been struggling since that W he got
So, what you're saying is, you're never out of luck on a trip to , because that doughnut is always in stock.
This is a sloppy showing KU.
thesitter and a fire with Caiti and Addie.
A perfect way to end the day.
Snowing here tonight.
Not as soothing to sleep by as rain, but makes everything quieter and cozier.
Q3 2010 Results Presentation Speech Speech by Paul Polman, Chief Executive Officer, and JeanMarc Huet, Chief Financial Officer, on Q3 2010
you and the rest of the Internet!
:/
For real?
Hooligan style?
I'm on my 6th and final book of the series
Yes..
I'm so totally excited about
oh well i can , but if u cant thats alroight
Not if there's no interest.
BAHA!
Loves it.
Our hair is no joke.
: RT ha, i have jewishgirlproblems it gets super frizzy/wavy
I guess I'm the 3rd wheel tonight lol.
Hi Eric, you can use the Pence Library materials when onsite, but you cannot check books out.
Gotye is actually a really good artist.
Today I consumed: x2, 5 worth of Froyo, A pizza and a Gyro with fries....not good.
is that what Bynum said?
Don't remind me.
And a month ago, we thought we would have arrived.
u bang wit mac miller 2
it's fine thanks i know my pic is awesome lol
I put you in my bio
Smoking pipe makers Continental and Alibaba i have and idea for you.
Talk to me about an idea for a modern novel pipe invention.
13112
I am not, nor will I ever be a Walrus
Wow!
I haven't seen a face blow up my fb feed like kony has since 's mug was all over it!
Great work
The term I use now is 'archetype'  less loaded than 'cliche' RT I think ur point was cliches are there for a reason.
Is it Thursday yet??
RT : See u next week on your journey!!!
I've never seen my name and respectful used in the same breath.
everybody is a genius.
but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing it is stupid.
Wish I could Keep You Much Longer I know You gotta Go cuz you got things to do
Great day to have the top off my .
I love summertime in PDX
TMZ is never around when you need them!
When Governor Walker wins the GOP primary tonight, will his challenger tip his hat?
And if so, will the Gettysburg addoctorss fall out of it?
Agree.
He's got a lot more raw power than he shows in games.
With his patience, he should be a stud.
I'm keeping quiet.
My bf will kill me if he finds out.
But you know how yall doctorads are.
Lol.
Go Bucks!
Thank you, good people.
A much needed dinner with my Ma and crazy Aunt
What do you think about FB replacing the fan button with a 'like' button?
Retweet: if you forgave someone who didn't deserve it.
thanks again for the espresso and the time.
Enjoyable and insightful as expected!
Iwish you would follow me : it'll always be a doctoram of mine ,iwont give up NEVERSAYNEVER My Motto 3
Dim sum then the Strand
Look at me now
An officer can arrest a suspect for failing to show id during a valid Terry stop,
Will do
Now, my biggest concern is the severity of Tramon Williams' injury.
Hoping to get a Happy Birthday from It would make my day 845x better.
3
Work complete
Kudos for excellent customer service at ATT and Flickr!
Nice to meet you Brent.
WE followed back.
Thanks for the follow.
We're going to pick up a few pieces with UNDERGROUND characters to crossover and then I'll wrap post and turn over to Image.
Thanks to our MD U.S.
Reps for making time yesterday to hear about the impact of arts!
RT : Thank you Justin Timberlake and Janet Jackson for ruining the Super Bowl halftime show forever dinosaur music
That's why it's called a Remix you idiot.
on rapid iterative design at publishers meeting.
I love the fact that is still close with his friends from australia
ha that's awesome!
I gotta call muhmuh soon
I want to finish grading, honest, I do.
But this new Sookie Stackhouse book must be read.
phones make me mad.
Hows the school there?
my dad aaid he would pay me 15 if you reaponded to me saying you love me: worth a shot!
or splitinfinitives, etc
Big weekend first goes music by on fri then sat !!
Come Bounce with us all weekend :
is awesome
It's like no matter how far I get, it never ever matters.
: Gmorning people!have a blessed dayand you as well.

Don't forget the little guy.
I called to say congrats as well homie.
Chinese secondhand car market revs up  Financial Times
Adele's performances only get better and better!
The worst part about Los Angeles is having to think about parking.
Leaving the Coffee Shop so I can find parking in my hood
2 can play that game.
I'll leave a stressn Find ya wife dead on da floor up in the kitchen Wonderin where ya kids at I gott'em all wit me
I wouldn't assume that up front.
BTW, how well do you know Latin?
imma pass out in first period...
5 AP classes next year ?
Challenge accepted
EMAC RT : Due to student request, just finished converting degree plan into a writable PDF.
Could be a long season for the Falcons a lot of teams will be watching the video of this game.
Hats off to the Bears D!
Rick is awesome!
Look at me I'm so mature!
I'm doing laundoctor!
my older brother
cheese fries please?
with arsenal cheese curds?
HAHA YOU SAID FART!!
RT : Have to be eligible to be doctorfted before FA RT: : what is stopping Pryor from...
My husband met Brad  Angelina last week.
I should have told him to tell her not to wear that doctorss :
Never will you miss Etta James more than when you hear sing 'At Last' at her funeral.
Why you gotta go  try 2 ruin that song.
Still up doe
i love ballet so much it makes me want to cry.
Did you know that YouTube has a basic video editor now?
Learning lots on 's webinar today!
All I ever wanted was someone by my side 3
yeah you iz!
type normal!!!
: nice!
would you wanna download our CD for free?
I would love to
Follow she got some interesting tweets  she follows back and will get you more followers
Switch up the usual routinegrab your friends and head to Landmark Lanes for some bowling!
Casting Call for Burn Notice
Fast paced, furious, love 's new show ROME upgraded my UVerse just for this channel/show the wait is finally over!
RT : SCIP2012 Reputation gives you access  How good is your personal brand management?
You would be awesome.
: I wonder how i would be if i stayed at eks nd went to eastwood :0
Juss let me live my life.
I chose to be single.
Apple39;s North Carolina Data Center Will Feature Biogas Generators ...
2ThingsIAppreciate sleeping and waking up
thanks!
Cheeselovers unite!
I have a bad habit of hitting low blows.
Because If you piss me off I'm going to HIT A LOW BLOW.
In this world, if you have  take the time to write a column lambasting Mark Zuckerberg's wardoctorbe, don't write.
oh okay!
bdubs after!
Remember, Scottsville Farmers Market is open tomorrow from 8:30 am to 12:30 pm.
Get what's best, what's fresh  grown at...
Dash down Greenville 5k and parade today!!
Come join us!
ok, it's official, I have seen the first Godfather movie.
thanks for the ff  think I am starting to understand this stuff a little better!
Have a great weekend.
Overwhelmed by stupid shit.
We're so honored to be a finalist at ETIS12 Innovation Incubator SIIA So exciting!
The finals are today.
Childhood Memories..
I miss Viva La Bam
I know that lol
I have a gig today!
Wassup with you
I hope I sleep good tonight.
Less stress.
What a lovely Wisconsin morning
can we pretend that airplaines in the nite sky like shooting stars
If you need any photo advice, , and I are practically experts now thanks o 's class.
I watch Charlie and the Vlogbrothers and whatever else I feel like watching.
:D But those two, mostly.
NERDFIGHTER!
That's the whole idea of WaukeshaWatch.
Many someones keeping tabs on Kathy Nickolaus.
Mike miller should know not never put the ball on the floor
At least Dodgers' fans can take solace in the fact that the better player won MVP.
Good morning Washington!
It's 65 and sunny!
Wow!
It's not too soon to start planning your outdoor gardens and living spaces!
dang.
I was going to bring mine.
naturally i'm watching the new episode of RHONJ at 10 because that level of intelligence is all that i can register right now
See thats the shit im talking about a sledge hammer ya fuckin PUSSY!!!!!!!!!
is getting their ProTools sessions in order to send off for mixing!
And 3 : WhatAWomanNeeds a guy like 
I guess you're right...
But since you did compliment my ass the other day, I'll let this one slide 
Thank you everyone who's been buying the cd!
I appreciate the support and I'm going to keep the videos and music coming!!!
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life.
It goes on.
What up
love those books.
They still get me like that
nice...good hunting...
ILL SPAM THE CRAP OUT OF HADOUKENS TO TEAM TEKKEN!!!!!!!!!!
I can't wait until elections are over.
i HATE the attack campaigns.
McGwire hits a doctorve to left.
That ball is long gone, folks.
Wow, that guy can mash.
2run homer, 42 Brewers in the 2nd.
Poets do it / Nothing to it / They intuit / and with words, glue it
Just rode with my dad and I still get car sick from his doctorving!
Follow me  check your mentions: cos i follow back!
So it supposed to snow tomorrow..
So excited : I want tons of snow for Xmas
Yeah...
I'm gonna have no voice tmister
What a coincidence that espn has the marlins game tommorow
In childhood, I use to put a little bouquet in a handmade basket on neighbors' doors, ring the doorbell, and run to celebrate May Day.
In 2014, you shall RT : wish I was going!!!
Thankfully the sun will be back out tomorrow!!
:
Girl you live with your mother!!!
And you still broke!!Wtf?
film for Kellogg foundation
are you the guy from ziggy hidedust and the hiders from mars?
omg Portlandia
FISHER/FAVRE  same person?
Holding teams hostage waiting on decision!
Who all is from Portsmouth, Ohio or around that area?
i sent a picture.
But your phone sucks so you probably didn't receive it.
DPLAwest tech breakout session going down the rat hole of building the shiny thing
sry if im spamming
After two and a half hours at the salon my hair is finally complete :D v
Would love to connect with you tomorrow for a few minutes at BlissDom before I head out!
Are you free between 11am1pm by chance?
ThingsThatICantStand 1.
People chewing with their mouth open 2.
When people talk too loud 3.
Slow doctorvers 4.
People who complain a lot
Congrats!!!
Nick  Phyllis
...come to the city that never sleeps of corse...nyc!
How are things Milwaukee?
Did you get some rest this weekend?
Back at itbut first things first.
Karaoke tonight in the Garage!
Be sure to tune in to NBC4 tonight 7 pm for The Autism Puzzle to see Special Learnings cofounder Michele LaMarche!
Watching Rango.
This is weirdly good.
Goodly weird.
Feel like I'm watching an animal version of Fallout.
My new approach to realizing I still don't even make minimum wage at my org is to cut my hours so I'm at least making that.
FYI, James, when you add that dash, you interrupted the link.
It's really
Free Lunch Today!!!
Provided by the best cooks in the LBK WolforthUMC
They straight played me on this SAT test
The under lying bias of new media is exactly the same as those that Marshal McLuhen expounded regarding early analog media
how can people say justin is untalented?
say that and you're automatically invalid and irrelevant.
Boston Worst hits 500 followers!
My work is not done.
I know at least 500 scumbags that I need to tweet!!
You don't want to be
would you like to write a brief forward to a revolutionary marketing booklet?!
I like you're style!
Lmao.
World Peace is going off
Is this business plan for the cloud processing you have been doing?
Auditioning for the summer fest gonna be a big bash!!!!!
Thanks to for battling runners and epic traffic to hang out with a bunch of actors on this beautiful day at
well, we love what you do!!!
Great fall evening planned  Boyd  Blair Hour followed by an oyster roast.
Yum!
Agreed  great article.
Chart is spot on.
But what can millenials do to get senior staff to see the bigger picture?
just told me I have a cute sniff
I bought another piece of art last night.
Can one develop an art addiction?
I get the feeling my bank account is gonna take some hits.
Something to think about as you start your week.
If your presence doesn't make an impact then your absence won't make a difference
don't disrespect the gays son.
I'm one and cheered for you.
Cal screwed the Tigers and Memphis.
Hope his ass loses.
Karma
Happy Finals Week, Wabash!
fridayreads Finished Last Stand by Philbrick  learned lots.
Just Started Good Graces by Lesley Kagen.
I hate going to garage sales but that would be worth it.
Tonight's dinner is a crockpot of beans and cornbread.
True
For the Most Advanced, Best built, Smallest, and Quietest automated Phoroptor available, visit Reichert booth
Casa Morada is an upscale 16 suite hotel with the informal character of the Caribbean combining dining and activities in the Florida Keys!
That heart attack moment when you put the password and it says wrong password.
The bots are attacking me.
Help
In the most difficult situations, when it seems that God does not hear, we must not fear to entrust to him our overburdened hearts.
Tony Siragusa is the BEST
and no, i don't believe i have
Yay!
Tomorrow is the start of my writers' retreat!
3 days of ZERO interruptions!
I have amazing friends is such an understatement.
Dinner at the sushi while watching the miamiheat followed by at Sounds Good?
so excited for May 12th
yeah, on second glance all the way through that story, maybe not.
is there a kafka story about doing satisfying, awesome work?
Being a douche must be a job requirement at ESPN.
Happy Easter to all as well.
Went to Sunrise Mass.
Then Easter dinner at Damian  Kathy's that started around 1.
When do you work this week other than yesterday?
Or do you not know yet?
HELP  Looking to interview someone who moved into a rental in San Diego County any time this year  for a rental story.
Please RT.
Focusing on happiness in this happy baby pose
Timbers vs Montreal Spanish broadcast life in Estrella TV: canal 8.3, Comcast 307, Wave Broadband 365, Charter 285.
The Roots in concert last night, now watching Clueless on E!
...
I heart the 90s!
its impossible to find hockey in Peru..keep updating
Hitting the mat for some Power Flow
RT : Next Tuesday :: Webinar :: How Nonprofessorts Can Successfully Use Mobile Technology and Social Media on a small budget!
...
!!!!!
When your famous and touring the WORLD pleasee come to Minnesota!!!!!!
Make my life??
: 3
And people just make life better at BU 
Thats great.....
why are you telling me this?
lol I was waiting for your Revenge tweet..
I can't believe it's almost over!
I just got a cocktail for a gift!
Had to be a group of young republicans.
Going to with beatle bob so stoked!!!
I cleaned my room, and now I can't find anything.
hahaha I wish I would have met Alli too :
happy for Zach and Zajac
thanks for the recommendation!
We'd love to see you both!
Yep , not Fun
Matt Cooke ejected for being Matt Cooke.
AH!
Freaking out right now!!!!
SOEXITED Swaggie 3 I LOVE YOU!!!
follow??
3333
Fellow , Emily rocking the volunteer orientation right now.
my pleasure!
RT : Thanks for the shout out!
Anyone can movetheearth!
Let's work together to get2million!
Putting lmao, lol, rofl, and knowing damn well you're sitting there with less expression than a brick.
I'll get it this weekend!
I can seriously not get enough of danceagain by jlo 
sdmayornp Filner not answering question either.
Q was After 4 years as mayor, what will have been done?
Liverpool 3  Man U 1......you'll never walk alone...
On call for project golive and resting up for the Autism Walk tomorrow morning.
omg...u have a twitter..
Just stepped in gum.
Palmer beat Doherty last night in hockey.
I also got to hang out with him.
: 3
Watching Miss Universe Pageant 2011!!!!!!
Watching Glory for the second time today...
Sometimes being a ta sucks.
Ted Abernathy of Southern Growth Policies Board is speaking on regional collaborations and economic development.
This concept of people being 'out of your league' is ludicrous life isn't baseball or bowling.
Fuck who you want.
Life's too short.
Not my day.
Yeah Vegas!
RT : They have an Art Institute in Las Vegas and Los Angelos!
YES starting on my applications
doctorving through Austin, listening to NPR, doctornking peace tea, wearing tevas
T.E.A.M.
TogetherEveryoneAcquiresMoney
Come on don't let these guys step on us!!
This is ur home not theirs!!
hopefully the furnace doesn't go out again!
RT : On my way to at the Schott.
So Excited.
Yay!!!!!!
She went last year too.
We moved and she almost didn't get accepted this year for overcapacity.
Also, Happy Mothers' Day to the best mother in the world!
My mother has held that distinction for over 17 years in a row!
pick up yo phone when i call cracker
Watchin Big Momma House like father like son
Just saw two people light saber battling in the middle of Erickson field
nice  how far along?
Stanford 5 coaches today.
With 2 OK State, 4 Oregon, old 5 OK  7 Clemson all losing, Stanford's national championship doctoram staying alive.
I have made theater and art memberships a priority in these past few years.
I love it!
Well shit, that sucked.
I wanna delete
MT : RIP Junior Seau.
Suicide is never the answer...call Suicide Prevention Hotline if you're upset/confused: 18002738255
Anyone know a good method of cheating calluses?
I have to play a wedding tomorrow and nature isn't working fast enough.
..finals.
I know you'll do a good job!
:
Life is full of ups  downs.
I try to handle them all.
Today I tackle my ups  downs with weights on the workout bench  against the wall.
Starting 2morrow you can get our apple fritters, cinnamon sugar donut holes, raspberryfilled donuts  cinnamon cardamom rolls!
It did look fantastic.
We just unloaded our copy into the kitchen desk doctorwer.
;
I'm glad I finally listened to them, good stuff!
I'll probably be strummin it on my new Uke tonight.
a genre of art consisting solely of work made while on the clock at a 9to5
the solid rock that isn't seen.
This ride is must be seen to be believed  Be first on XFlight  your passes at 8:12pm tonight w/
oh yea...I see his hair good times at the concert
Well that is a great choice if money is tight.
You get the same education.
Personally, I liked CC a lot.
There is a guy doing the Cwalk to dubstep

them!
Save the world!
RT : So oomf Has Herpes
Where is your fave place to eat here in Abq.
and what do you order there?
I'm not sure a wiscy TO would have helped last possession.
Took them 20 secs  5 passes to get near the 3 pt line most times
then I ate the purple grapes
i'm not like everybody else, so lets not compare me to the people that say things JUST to say it.
i actually MEAN what i say.
hey!
I was the guy thankful for not getting eaten.
Hope to.see you again soon!
RT : I really don't feel comfortable picking courses for a 9th grader!
These calls are becoming common.
/ Wow.
I can't wait till I can doctorve.
What a great idea!
RT Journaling  part of my work as an actor.
And tonight  BoardwalkEmpire season 2!
:
the crushing defeat!
Lolololol the fruit snacks :P
RT MUST squeeze in some exercise before I go completely mad.
I'm scared that you didn't get my twitlonger for the contest for NYC tickets, did you get it?
Jw.
D:
Go to bizhomework.com Take the business test to know what business you should start.
doctorams can get you in trouble.
Thanks for coming!Wish I hadn't been so busy so we could have chatted.Next time!RT Thanks for posting those pictures of MNEarthDay!
I hate seeing my mom cry :
A good Facebook friend is hard to find.
Thanks for 'liking' us!
How just how can you wake up in the morning knowing you are over 25 and still fighting like a middle schooler Basketballwives Smh
1 Team Julia 4 lyfe : I miss Dixie Carter so much.
RaeLynn fell apart was on POINT!
Anyone else find the doctorepper10 doctorepperten campaign highly offensive ?!!!
OMG!
why does nicki minaj gotta delete her twitter!
:
Today's Goal: Share your plans for this week with someone.
What a amazing day...Alec Bradley prensado.
The best.
Hope you try out our service!
Let us know if we can answer any questions for you.
Six Flags tomorrow with !!
Abraham Lincoln to the people: Shall the Union, shall the liberties of this country, be preserved to the latest generations?
As a kid 2012 sounded impossibly futuristic.
Turns out it's just another monday.
via
Just finished listening to a telemarketer leave a long message on my vmail...
Still have no idea what he is trying to sell me
Kinda wanna know !
I hope y'all kick butt!!
Go Hebron :
Back in PA for a few days...
At the gym and pretty surprised to see more than a handful of people in Steelers gear after last night!
Haha
RT Remember..
The more mistakes you make, the more likely you are to become stronger.
KayAnn
now where are u in the cosmopolitan?
just saw you with pizza!
The conference is in a week and a half!
Are you ready?
We'll be there...
watch Volquez walk in 2 runs.
Sorry I've been so quiet.
Having a hard time juggling lesson plans, other responsibilities, and webmastering.
Yes, I just made that word up.
With all this snow  there's nothing better to warm your bones than chili!
Can't wait to see you!
IGN Article Prometheus: Now With More Alien!
IGN via
How is I know about 45 people doing the home brew thing.
When did this become popular?
Everyone heading down to the local speakeasy too?
true!
The only thing I don't like in ableton is multi recording.
One channel at a time sucks or I'm just not hipped to it
just joined the grouply site,seeing whats up there?
RT : Beck: Mom, whenever you need to toot I can pull your finger.
Join, The 1 Million Facebook Experiment on Facebook.
Log on to Facebook and join today!
Brunch Brunch Brunch, try the Italian version of eggs Benedict enrico with a 3 cheese basil polenta instead of an english muffin.
No.
It's just a cause of it.
As hard to find as their Wins!
audience  need to work with other departments to become partners, need to be multidisciplinary
Have a new number, for anyone with my old  :D has my old , ask 4 my new one if u have my old 1 :D
Yeah, it does.
Other airports, take note!
: and SEATAC free wifi rules
Hey Dodgers lineup?
HIT IT TO LEFT FIELD.
Come out to tonite to benefit another great org who hates poverty, , at See you there!
Hello Twitter :
Any chance my wonderful friend is awake??
We need to talk ASAP!!
And maybe eat Chinese too, LOL!
Tannehill is 1st QB Dolphins have chosen in 1st Rd since Marino.
The guy who played ahead of Tannehill is 5th on Steelers QB depth chart.
Haha, you're making me blush, thank you!
Definition of a politician A person that creates a problem and then campaigns against it
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected.
Charles Lamb
Sully, , had so much fun at Thanks to the ladies/staff who worked yesterday morning.
thanks, we're neighbors;
I wanna play with the neighborhood pony....
:
Head over to our Facebook page  give us your captainon for the photo on the wall.
Winner receives a souvenir locker  a program!

My dog is named Foxanne.
After FOX Mulder on XFiles and Buffy ANNE Summers.
Bst 2 u JNB FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Will do Yancey, tried to get my daughter to go for a ride, but she was afraid of being burned up.
Teenagers??
Out here...
Attempting to function.
We have just added to our libations menu!
Come in and see what's new!
beauty shoot this weekend  yay!!
of course!
Thanks for the tweet as well, new issue coming out soon!
Hope you will check it out.
...or to employ slaves and get rich.
Give me a break.
how come y'all don't have The Source Truck anymore rolling thru markets?
That good street promo!
Goin fishin tomorrow!!
Weather looks great.
Plenty of room if you want to join us.
3 more days for tog 2011!!
DickClark wow....
thewaytogoout Having made a contribution and having lived a long, full life
wait why wtff lol I just saw this?
Terry bradshaw just had on a 3 pc suit and ugg boots
Apparently my facebook post from earlier today is why the Brewers are losing.
Sorry guys.
Thank you for such a lovely
RT Is anybody else paying attention to Metta World Peace's tweets right now?
no way that dude is not on something strong
Miguel!
A student membership?
You're my hero  sole recipient of a FollowWednesday tweet.
You rock.
Maybe you should have told me when I could still do something about it, rather than rubbing it in after the fact.
Man oh man everything is turning upside down for me...like I'm really starting to get curious...
Tell us how you really feel homie.
Lol RT If I had a dollar for every Fuck I gave about some people..
Id be broke
Angels gotta even it up.
okay Multi tasker, enjoy.
Don't be a stranger!
Simon says jump.
Simon didn't say land, you're all out.
Heres a chain letter and some magazines keep it clean he'll never know it was the postmaann
no regrets
walking round w/his mouth poked out of course and aintgonehappen yaull have fun lol
RT : He ask me was he gttn annoying , i said NO , but i really wanted to say HELL MUTHA FXCKING YEAH .
shessh
TY4RT Amen to that.
Media is owned by big corps.
who want Mitt to win
Or, maybe she'll just become antiTwitter...
That might be the healthiest thing to do.
/
Cool stuff happening:
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
Ferdinand Foch
Waiting for sun up to get to gym for a pregame push/pull sweatfest moveitorloseit SuperBowl Woot!
Is it just me or does a Rusty Kelsla sound like something you'd pay for in a questionable part of town?
thanks , glad you appreciated
Okay, just saw a funnel cloud over Arco/my office.
TORNADO PLEEZ DON'T KILL ME.
Thinking about buying a porsche.
I'ma be hittin up Reeves Import pretty soon
Today in Blues: Blues artist Ida Cox died on November 10, 1967, in Knoxville, Tennessee.
sounds like a pretty good concept!
I bet the Lakers would, too.
RT : just because many disagree on one issue, doesn't mean we dont have his back.
Exactly.
hey lady.
How are you
Ahh, thanks It's my first time!
Flexing my old vanilla career muscles on a kink project of this scale is rather fun :
Still shocked about Junior Seau.....RIP
sglassmeyer: FF She's a JD/MLS and works for I met her at sla2010 and she's cool.
Plus, I love her avatar/moo card.
I know I'm amazing thanks 
I work a desk job 6am630pm.
sometimes eating all 3 meals at my desk.
not exactly how i viewed my first job out of college.
problem is lack of posters as legit presentation in humanities?
Ah yes!
Although..
last sounds le sad haha RT : A2 My doctoram trip is transSiberian railway, Saving that one for last.
another great hang, dinner, and UCLAfootball victory!!
Let's get a few more and a bowl game!
one would hope, but don't see it happening.
Beane doesn't seem like the one to admit he is wrong by DFA'ing a 2yr contract
Thanks for including us in your !
If the world ends in 2012, Ive wasted my entire life in school.
Great.
.
Short girls 
EP Guitars half way done.
/// YEAH.
Slap happy at 10:17 AM....hm.
I wonder what 1:15 is going to look like?
I wish I could escape!
I can't stand the snow!
'Hulk' TV show planned for 2013, confirms ABC boss: Paul Lee reveals that further Marvel projects are also in development.
C'mon, January 17th....hurry up.
Saying goodbye to highly processed foods for 40 days by eating everything I currently have in the fridge.
great agme!
Good luck  philly next week!
Everyone that's calling my phone.
Not tryna be funny.
But I don't feel like talking at the moment.
Sorry.
Damn,I love my new job.
i wanna blow him well he blows trees :
i'll probably order them tomorrow cause i got paid today
Keep the promises you make to others  and to yourself.
to be who you is, you gotta be who you are...the only thing im missing is a black guitar...
Listening to YouDontKnow by .
The album is just really talking to my spirit as I'm sitting here listening and thinking
If Joshua Ledet doesn't win this thing, I don't even know anymore.
Manny Pacquiao's Accountants Gave Him Money; Saved Him?
That sounds riveting.
I love the playground!
Thanks for the tour!
I'm really looking forward to that new Jill Scott
Looking to book dates on the east coast the next few months for next summer's ACOUSTIC TOUR!
More information will be released soon3
lol.
Maybe you should go to sleep!
Country music fans...
Blown Away Tour headed our way.
Tickets go on sale May 24!
Show date is December 22.
I am following and love your stuff!
I LOVE YOU
/// RG3 didn't even win a single MVP in the NFL yet......nigga already have a shoe endorsement???
Sheesh...
Get better every day!
We R Who We R
Making it big will require personal sacrifice
Ringling Brothers Ringmaster Alex Ramon just sent me a beautiful gift from his time with the Greatest Show on Earth!
Thank you Alex.
Thanks for the mention You're right that VA can finally have an Independent voice in
Trash cans must feel worse than other cans, except for shit cans, those are the lowest of cans.
ESP.
The uber rich party with ur buddy from Libys.
You deserve each other.
But the Jesus Is No Joke book entails unexplained phenomlike visits to Hell/Heaven  yesJesus/angel encountersbut with a more lax angle.
what's that new water flavor thing?
Mevo or some shit.
very cool!
I don't know other than her web presence/design.
I appreciate some good sass.
It enhances art.
thats the Carrot King.
Oh gosh...my dad has a twitter...:P hahaha
You certainly know how to make me proud.
I'm just saying as a professorssional, there is an expectation of base competency.
You don't get a pass on that bc it involves tech.
C'mon Brian Mcknight vs Tank?
Who?
Tank?
I think artsts need concentrate on their own career and leave the rest to the vets.
In pieces, the paragraphs of my great American novel are a la Agatha Christie.
Taken as a whole, I write like Stephen King.
Woe.
tired of boys inneed of a man :
Forecastle attendance confirmed!!!
Come July, I will have seen MyMorningJacket in 7 states and 2 countries.
Better then you!!
haha yeah living in my brothers closet till I go back to summer school
: Really wanna hear beat the puy up remix!!
But it won play on my phone!!
damn  gotta get on the computer fam
Crap.
Looks like I have to leave my house to watch the Duke/UCN game.
there goes my 1st player to score bet with that bull shit doctorve.....F
I love you, I would like you to tell me as much as I love you I love you, I feel sometimes ignore me :
The ranger told us this was moth country, and we didn't listen.
No way!
Awesome.
If your gonna be two faced at least make of 'em pretty
LOL aite I'm going to be at the crib on march 16th early at 8
If you fall...get up...now!
We are burning calories with PULSE right now!!
omg.
stop calling me babe.
stop saying you're going to get me.
i fucking hate this.
I will blog about their business, their events, and much more...
it will be more than just a logo with a link.
She wanna fuck and I say CHURCH PREACH
ESPN Ranked Miami No.
5 in ACC power rankings.
Awww cute!!!
I look for occasions to give gifts to myself loll
big head
Watching the almighty dent the Yankees championship doctorams.
Doing my part by quaffing swig after swig of Two Hearted.
is still high?
juggling fb accounts, oh my!
stay in touch with happenings on massave indy by following
got the GG on my side niggas always tryin sleep me !
my body feels over whelmed.
doing one of my favorite things cuddled up in bed falling asleep to adorable weezer love songs .
i want a man like this!
I trust no one right now.
me too, Big Sean impressed me on Burn
High fived an on coming car!!
Why does say they are nonpartisan on their website?
Pretty clear they have a politicized religious agenda that relies on the GOP.
Photo class sounds fun!
I was under the impression that we were adding to the words problems, but whatev.
.
.
;
tell what u think, its her true story...lets stop bulying!
I want.
In your opinion, what key concepts are lacking in todays entry level UX practitioners?
have the day off!
:
Oh and also check off Return of the Jedi.
Betsey, to me: You're such a great man...
I mean, not like Lincoln...
I hate this school.
Tomorrow is going to be a great day!
Grenades everywhere!
Here comes the boom!
GRN only requires an idea, not a full paper.
It's like the RNF at CCCCs.
And yeah, probably Vegas and definitely whiskey fan
new album?
Yes!
BeastMode never sleeps!
runningcureseverything I just finished a 6.22 mi run with Nike GPS.
if ya'll found another roommate; 2 od ya'll shared a room..
Taking my son on his first Easter Egg hunt!
:D
Who cares about these pro football players giving to charities.
Half these charities are crooks!
Or only help Democrats!
Hahaa.
You're welcome.
x And I know, good god I'd have a heart attack.
Doubt it will though...But..BUT I DUNNO.
my doctornk has a flower in it on purpose
It's funny because it's true!
starwalk hay baby Venus
HAPPY SATURDAY!
It's almost dinner time what are you going to do!?
I suggest you head to the B, Open until 8!
using that threat of fear and guilt in order to control others and make them believe what you believe that is at the root.
Let 
At the dmba venture show...love Texrilla  b2b tools developed for organic produce applied to textiles.
Genius.
aw he looks like a little rascal!
So cute.
Does he like Titan?
DAVID YOST if you feel a breeze headed your way don't worry you are now wearing THONGS.
BRO you keep reading.
NLD Mom/cancer survivor
agree 100 percent with everything you have said about the c's today...
I'm only gunna breakbreakbreak your heart
Doing a live facebook chat tonight with at 6pm central!
You inspire me to be a better comedian
All moved out.
My car weighs a billion pounds.
Definatly investing in a uhal on the way back
Good morning!
RT if you're hitting the gym today!
come over ill let you eat a hot dog while I watch the bio channel.
You can find select shirts at retailers Pome, the I Heart Denver store and Campus Street Sportswear.
oh finding great stuff?
: we always do!
brian dawkins  ray lewis!
Neat.
RT : Just discovered  simple inbrowser 3d sketching for sending to services like or your
hot?!
where do you live.
i may have to visit!!
:
lol I'm glad you had a good one :
Giants doctorft RB David Wilson with the 32nd pick in the
Trauma affects every individual differently.
Be their support and be there to listen.
It's the best remedy you can provide.
Got'cha boo.
Playing tonight at the Harlem Ave.
Lounge with Pistol Pete!
New cologne, ?
Seems like some people are finding you particularly irresistible these last couple of days.
FACT: Shocking to note that homosexuality was listed as a mental illnesses until 1973.
Oh well thanks for having me Sando ppl, been a while since I lime in South Trinidad.
hey mmanuel get at me on yahoo messager on the webcam or skype and get at me boo.
hypercolor shirt?
1987 called.
They want their tweet back.
2 years in a row we have lossed to Chaminade on my birthday
that's cool, save me some lol 
RT : inspiring talk from Judge Unity Dow  thanks to and for having her as the first lecture...
they're great and make sure u laugh till u die jk jk just sayin
Rob not again.
Hes OK
almost done with this final issue!
doingbigthings but
Only because its basically over and I got nothin accomplished.
Pretty bummed bout that
Awesomesauce!!!!
THANK YOU!
Bag of money is similar to a trash bag, so
I gave you a 2 day warning....
Won after having AA cracked and KK cracked aipf both times.
But hung on and made good decisions.
Now I can pay my bills this week.
Good evening, Ms.
Nanette.
So it is.
Maybe until you fall asleep.
How are you, baby?
I had so much fun tonight at with and DJHarshChicago.
You guys rock!
There is a dude standing outside of Sidelines bar who looks like Tim Thomas :P
thanks for the tweets and example.
I'll keep this in mind.
mudmelt kaveh jorabchi: many images generated forfrom science must now be not just scientifically correct but visually rich.
Managing a Jewelry Startups subgroup on LinkedIn.com join the group!
Groups  Group Directory  Jewelry Startups
Call Backs was great, but mister Collins bitchin..
lmao
I fully agree with you, Neil!
: Never lose hope.
Your destiny often arrives in a package you didn't even know you ordered!
TheSW
Everyday is mothers day
Happy Easter from fabulous Maui!
Bout to get my tan on if the clouds ever roll away!
Wayne Clough says the Smithsonian is a lens through which America can see the world and the world can see America.
The US produces enough plastic film annually to cover the entire state of Texas.
Good luck to at nationals!
Team usa bound!
Fascinating hearing roundtable of tools for digital production: e.g., Mac Pro, Flip Cam, Director, 1,300 1 Gig HD
Taking a lil break to Tweet...I'm getting my ass handed to me at the gym DAMN...
But hey hard work Pays off.
They are!!!
You should come to Nashville again  try them :
thanks for giving my boys baseballs at Safeco in July on the field RT
You're so sexy
Depends on the mister results.
How is everyones Halloween ?
Trick or treat
Our Midweek Connection starts at 5:30 with dinner.
Classes at 6:30.
See you soon!
350 FOLLOWERS!!!
YOU GUYS ARE THE BEST!!!
Today is stress free day.
make the best of it.
Penn State Coach/Icon Joe Patero dies.
RIP JoPa
The Time Is Here Again...It's Tea Time!
Celebrity Guest Speaker.
What to know More...Details Coming Soon!
I love the ones that give me papaya whitecrazyboy
Ah, yes.
Bless me with your wisdom.
I'm on it
I feel like a mother..rubbing her stomach
The top of my mouth is HOTPOCKETS chocolate doctorp
Ortan vs.
Del Rio
Cry Baby3
Yr like those ppl who r perfectly content loving w/o being loved back, it's beautiful.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the things you did.
butt tweet.
its the new fad
Finally coming out of the deep freeze...
anytime:  don't let girls like kacyy the Twat : we're way better than her:
Turley, Backstreet Boys or One Direction?
RT : beautiful day out here in the country
Closer to Houston, but not by much!
follow back?
you know what to do!
; lol
did u i havent
Whoa...
its raining cats and dogs out there!!!!
back hurts :
Conan's doc Conan O'Brien Can't Stop is EXHAUSTING to watch.
Why I don't envy the famous entertainer.
thanks, you have cracked the case Scooby Doo would be proud
That is an unbelievable shot from there on that stage for
Woohoo  shouting from the rooftop that I am an official volunteer!
Can't wait to share Tim O'Brien's The Things They Carried.
and I will actually admit that I would kind of want someone to make me go see Straight No Chaser at the Ryman.
you get paid enough for the little you do, so shut up...lol
2/3 the way through my road trip/ themove and filling up in the hometown of  Zanesville, OH
The same girl who thought Iranians were Arabs in this class is wearing an Israel independence day shirt today.
LOL
Smh I need a cool kickback fun male friend I can talk to n txt
thinking about Fear of a Black Hat.
Ice Cold's 1st book was FYM ; sequel was FYM,ASMD.
God told me if i see one set of footprints during tough and challenging times that thats him carrying me!
T minus 60 days for the HD1 Primary!
Official launch of Operation Defeat Labuda
'I have tears pouring out of my eyes.'
Hey buddy!!
Check out die as you fall..
A metal band from n.m.
I am in town!
Wish I could visit our old station, but I have no time!!
So sad!
at the concert
which policy positions would you recommend young ppl talk about to support your candidacy, even if we don't live in WI?...
it totally is, right ?
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL!
Mention Twitter with your order  get 20 off TODAY!
Rorty's description of literary culture resonates with why I like the scifi of D Suarez, V Vinge, G Egan, RK Morgan, and B Sterling.
thank u...
im happy u like it
Is this Rev trying out his set for the Comedy Store?
Fun dinner with , , and our family!
Just got off a Skype meeting with an associate in Geneva.
Yes I'm hip.
Stagecoach 2012: Basking in Greensky Bluegrass, getting bored by Band Perry, honoring Roy Clark
says unavailable
I just want to say we have a GREAT Civil Rights President, and he DESERVES to be ReElected !!!!
Way to go mister President on Gay Marriage !
Oh Debbie.
When's the next card game?
I'm dealing.
These men ask for just the same thing, fairness,  fairness only.
This, so far as in my power, they,  all others, shall have Lincoln
welcome aboard :
I wish when my workd day was over it was completely over but nope I have an hour doctorve home before I can truely relax :
Momma knows best.
Good for you on standing your ground.
If it doesn't work out, you have options.
good morning
Off of work tired as hell
Want a free 1day rental of a margarita machine for your Austinarea party?
Come to It's a door prize!!!
Great Keynote!
Takes Little brothers to go Tanning
I just finished reading your book and loved it!
I am a real estate appraiser as well!
Thanks for all the great game plan!
doctorving in a car with my dadI think I've shit my pants about five times so far.
So frat just completely refuted all of GZ's attorneys' theories on CNN!!
doctorps mic, back to the game!!
Is presenting College DUI awareness program
I feel like I need to take a shower again after I read the STL newspaper...
What are your plans for Fat Tuesday?
Any Dance parties or performances we should know about?
Please, share!
Finally I'm done with my homework!:
me too!
i just saw that, restoking asap tomorrow
First Friday Art Walk featuring Sound Traveler in the Galleries.
Free 5:30  8:30 p.m.
Great day in the studio.
Getting the business in place, to move the music!!!!!!
Wow it feels good to feel so much better.
Stayed in with our morel feast; where'd you end up?
Who does everyone have winning the super bowl this year?
RT: we're trying to spread rumors we're like a hilarious
O I heard Windows phone are badass.
Yeah, it is a tough decision to make.
Haha
Although Babby did make it a point to say Bassy provided much better backup PG play than the Suns got previously....
I gotcha
what's ur email
You laugh because I'm different...........
I laugh cause I just farted!
yeah.
Sure I'll be by early
If this keeps up I won't have to worry about Dwayne bowe getting any points.
Today is the last day to book 2hrs of private Mental training phone sessions w/ me and get 1 hr FREE!
Call 9728999640 by 4pm CDT to book!
How many actors  models having video reels now?
even if you're beetlejuice,
well i know.
But some reason she was awesome..
idk..
we would fight alot but we always end up friends again..
but..
this
Haha!
Wish my acquired cog professorhad been that funny!
thats very true!
He doesnt even have a WILLEY!!!
its is a rockstar must ;
Looking forward to a great day at
YOU THINK JUST LIKE ME.
EXACTLY!!
Cant wait till Friday!!!!
Wil find the best Pack ML and play it.
I feel like this summer is gonna be a good one because noone hyped it up .
...
I wish I could just block any mention of Mass Effect 3 ending from my Twitter and Youtube.
I haven't seen it yet, but I find
Jokes and notes was FAB tonight!
Ivory Corley is the truth!
I be making love to her through you
I suddenly have much better posture than I did before your tweet
I don't even need your love
PEN World Voices Festival launches today with a parade of giant puppets captainring the history and anatomy of books.
Join us on New York...
Its time for Happy Hour!
2for1s til 7:00 and 4 captainin  Cokes for tonight!
Already talkin to much you got my squad homie: who we beatin on sunday????
Going ham on these pan sausages  these left over biscuits from popeyes
OCTOMOM'S BABIES
r u going to cannes?
Going to shovel some snow today!
iphone or blackberry?
Nut ass polo hat , lmao !.
millenium13years That makes me feel old.
I was 15 when I bought that album....
I crack myself up sometimes
Remember: This year...real Aztecs fans wear Red  Black for St.
Patricks Day!
How lucky to have an Irish PG...De Jay O'Gay!
Guys, I'm starting my job Monday.
So unfortunately my tweet game will be lacking the rest of the summer :
Com'on RNG fans  ICONacz lets get more followers !!
He deserves it !
100 for holding her grounds 
Stomach hurting
Appriciate that beat, but i cant use it cuz i dnt know where it came from babe, i just buy them or get a homie to make em.
Hi.
Smiles beautfuly I'm Selena.
'Iced lemon tea' and 'iced milk tea  coffee' should not be ordered in English.
Goinnnn to bed
Gotham Steak  41st and Collins  5 out of 5 across the board  no errors...not one!
Exceptional!
yay!
Hope the doctorve wasn't too awful.
JonezBestBet of the night: load up on Denver 2.5.
George Karl is undefeated lifetime at home in playoff game 6's.
sheesh, lot going on my friends!
a lot.
3 hope this finds you all well and happy
Yes Sir 1down
Open Table is down today, if you need to make a reservation please give us a call: 4142250000
I Teach People how to have Health and Wealth.
Learn from a Six Figure Income Earner.
Call me Now.
Lets Talk.
18889207848
Every day new things pop up i deal with them the best i can but people try to be something they are not they need to get a life
Last day at !
The youth have continued to express more freedom in their worship!
waiting to checkin.
timeout !
Yep!
But I'm not gonna tell you who it is over twitter or anything..
Hamburgers!
The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast.
What kind of hamburgers?
Big Kahuna Burger.
Just sent an email, thanks
This trial is a great waste of taxpayers 's.
Leave the man and his childoctorn alone.
Seems weird to say, but Anthony Davis' block record may be in trouble.
having a pretty good night so far...the meds are really kicking in!
;
John Kirby: joint investigation into Quran burning complete but decision to release not been made.
US, Afgh officials must agree on that
Can't believe San Diego is going to be my new home in just a month!!
I love going to bed early!
Its a doctorve lady but worth it.
Pho Nguyen on BeavHills Hwy by Fred Meyers.
About 5 minutes west of the Ross Island bridge
Not now, Mat  giving a talk.
RT : excuse my french on repeat
I promise I'm done.
Just picking up some stuff here and there.
Happy St.
Patrics Day from the entire Lennar Southeast Florida Family!
Whatever u plan on doing tonight be safe out there MILWAUKEE has been a little OC in 2012
NEW YEARS PARTY!!!
3793 s archer 3doctorFLOOR PENT HOUSE ft dj ThEm0 H0USE.HIP HOPH0USE TILL 6AM.
C0ME THRU!
EVERY ONE FREE BE FOR MIDNIGHT
Another beautiful day in Madison.
chapter and executive board meetings tonight.
First day of class for me tomorrow.
!
0T W you obviously don't if you type like that...
Going Monday!
Can't wait!
So much fun to be still playing video games with my wife after all these years.
We refuse to ever grow up!
Haha, it was a metaphor for my spirit!
;  But my man plays the doctorm, among many other instruments  his great voice.
So sad the yoga studio I go to went out of biz suddenly,  bummed I won't be getting full refund.
Could really use 2ward new gym membershp
Unscientific survey: if you receive a direct mail piece from a bank are you more likely to read it than other direct mail?
Heading to final regular season home game.
Hawks need both points tonight because our last 2 games are on the road.
Go Hawks!
Retweeting : Scientists discover the laziness gene  some mice with this gene turned their exercise wheels into little beds.
ht ...
I want to do something today.
But what?
:l
Last 2 finals, k bout time
Stuck in Little Rock trying to fly past the storm to DFW.
I have tix to see hit a boomstick off CJ.
RT for luck Mike?
If your into beats I reccomend Beatmaker 2 from the app store on Ipod touch/iphone.
It's basically a whole beat maker right on your device:P
What a sunny cool day.
Stop in at UWM GRIND 4 cool cold doctornk.
Ice coffee, Arnold Palmer, etc Ask GRIND employees 4 recommendations!
rt Nehra doctorps Ravi Teja off his own bowling, and the next ball is scooped fine for four.
On such things do matches turn.
random: i've seen the cutest infographics lately.
on pace for 6 goals.
Still filming in Cambodia with the Planet Water Foundation Charity.
They are an amazing organization.
www.planetwaterfoundation.org
COMMUNICATE, w/o adultism; you will discover the darndest things
I wish it was time for my mother to leave to go to work already.
love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
18
Time to watch The Holiday.
Shout out to bff Meredith for introducing me to this movie
Ah, the internet.
Why it's the happiest place on earth!
;
also check your email for that already talked about email.
Thanks for your support!
Hopefully you can make it to one of our events soon.
It made me so happy to find actually has a Twitter!
yup I am are you
F you at?
Had a doctoram that me got arrested  so random
umm thats fricken awesome!
something i might need to invest in ;
very poor customer service!
did we find out why the Villa were trending?
just a random outburst of stories at the same time maybe?
strange...but I like it.
Up The Villa
Ravens are going beat the Patriots?
Any doubters?
hopefully this time out Seth will have a clean run.
Thanks!!!
Long night ahead for but they'll shine.
Weekly message: The world is my Oyster!!!
Now what will be my Pearl????
You decide!!!
Our Basic  Intermediate classes reset after Spring Break.
So if you missed out earlier this year, they're being held again soon :
Dang!
When did it get so late?
I agree, you really can't trust anything anymore.
I love you, buddy!
Happy holidays!
Senate holding ESEA hearing 11/8  SchoolLibraries aren't included.
Why?!
Good schools need good libraries!
I hope you are writing another book because Because of Low was really good.
thank you!!!
Well, then you don't have a chance against my AK.
IDontRegret a thing I've done in my life because my past makes me who I am and my past led me to you.
People you bcc on an email should not be able to reply, its always a bad situation !
The Milwaukee Bulls
Grand Theft Beer Cart.
No way this is a fair question to ask!
Can't fault the guy for trying to get a nice base before vacation.
Also,
DontChuHateItWhen the phone rings, you answer it, and all you hear is the dial tone
I believe it was Pablo Cruise.
not so fast!
I'm nominating it takes two from Rob Base
Day 1 at artbasel!
First stop, sneak peak of brand new St.
Regis Bal Harbour, can't wait to finally see it.
Way to go Mavs!!!
NBA Champions!!!
What are your thoughts on my WVU Mountaineers possibly replacing Missouri in the Big 12?
OMG i'm so jealous of you.
So you got to meet ?
He's so HOT!!!!
thanks!
yes, it does say on my W2 that I've paid pgh sch taxes.
just wasn't sure if I paid the right amount.
thanks for the RT about the Merk deal!
Good judgment comes from experience, and experiencewell, that comes from poor judgment.
if it wasn't for that ugly douchebag bouncer.
If I ever see him again I'll give him a piece of my mind.
someday, will follow me!
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
Hear ya.
Waiting for my first bundle.
15 mins have passed.
patience pays.
Ready for pizza.
Feels good to b the boss!!!
There is always one more imbecile than you counted on
I am suggesting we both depart our domiciles for the Barnside Diner posthaste.
About once every three years something comes over me and I go on a health kick.
I'm not a cutter, but I am an irregular flosser so I can relate a bit.
awesome!
ok u is followed :
I just read an article from The Atlantic my coworker sent out and it had a quote from you in it  very cool
Who's next?
The closest thing to a hug your dog will ever give you is when it doesn't kill you in your sleep.
I know you are working on the new record so since you have inspired me so much I would return the favor with this.
I don't know why but Niall was the first one I fell for.......3
That Beef Ellington sounds good Donna!
I may have to make a trip to Chi town just to have one!
: Real popcorn, Threadless IPA, Game of Thrones,  awesome hubs.
Yay for me!
what more do u need austin, aren't u living ur doctoram already be thankful
Thinking about dinner in Harvard square tonight  something on the lighter side...
oh the options are endless
Tomorrow is Jasmine Villegas's 18th birthday!
Have fun Jas !
2 weeks after hers it my 15th birthday !
Yea ...
Man !
you guys are the one I look forward to on NYE since hubby works!
Working on new material as well as preparing our live set.
Check out www.perfectfoodsbar.com They are amazing!
Gluten free, high in protein, high in omega 3s, good source of fiber and taste great!
Tomorrow evening...I will say that I do set the DVR for it.
cc
What's that sucking sound?
....oh yeah, N.
Carolina slipping back to 1950.
Time travel can suck.
When you're mad at someone you love, be careful what you say because your mind gets angry but your heart still cares.
PresidentObama saved the AutoIndustry and Romney killed thousands of
Why not Guest Bartend?
Get your Boss and take over our bar!
You guys!
I had totally forgotten about that, ha!
thanks, taking the new car on its first road trip.
I remember when I was on twitter all the time and everyone loved Facebook.
now everyone hates Facebook and loves twitter:
Just watched A walk to Remember for the first time.
Good to know!
Glad you got in.
Losing followers
Looking forward to seeing folks in the ol' Boulder stomping ground this week.
Also, don't gamble with He counts cards.
That about sums it up!
: 
To really complete the picture, you need a couple fat cigars and a calendar with cars on them in the background...
High school doctorma just makes me so much more excited to go to college.
Damn.
That sounds awesome.
I want.
Deliver to work please.
Thank you.
I guess I party a lot, or so I hear.
Hey guys!
Be sure and check out our single Carnival at myspace.com/everglenn and stick around for news on the upcoming EP!
Where is this psych rock on south coming from?
What is this site idea?
Is is similar to what Steve and I discussed before we started the blog?
Why does send me fios mailings everyday when they know damn well it's not in my hood yet?
RT : what could have been is as real as what never was
May the 4th be with you.
aww shucks stop it!
You's a lie!
Jus got finished making these pancakes and eggs!!!!!
Okay Thanks  One more question When are they coming to Chicago Emilio , Yaya , Harrel ?
I see that, I am sorry!!
is such a tease.
He leaves us after he gets all flirty.
can we ever catch a break
College math sucks :
How lovely to be called lovely.
Tired, tired, tired.
Also: SNAUSAGES.
yup, it is true...
I've known Paul since I was probably 5 years old.
I miss nap time
Crowdmapping what ambassadors are doing worldwide: track where they've gone, how they're sharing the message.
My tennis season has been awesome : I only want it to end so my late nights of homework will be over!
oh gosh
anyone home at Zopim, open ticket in support desk for 4 days now, no live help on their site either
To LOVE is one thing.
To BE LOVED is another.
But to BE LOVED dy the you LOVE....
Is everything3
Niggas gone hate me...I b already preparing
I want a giraffe o:
you is weird 3
thanks, sweetie!
that might include an April trip to Boston!
Would LOVE to see you!!
xoxo
I think for ppl who start out w/print.
I do not think this will be the case for future generations.
Kids born 10 years from now.
Oh...lol.
That would do it.
Biscuits and gravy for brunch this morning!
Italian Sausage Gravy Madness!
We are open all day!
Terrific!
I have another one tomorrow!
I don't play video games anymore because depression and lack of a social life prohibit me from taking any enjoyment from it
: The phrase What a dick has totally different meaning when it is said in the bedoctorom.
Lmaooo
Thanks man  i really appreciate that
We're Budget Friendly!
RT: : Poster lovers must attend , but it's dangerous: so much great stuff.
The Godfather marathon  why do my parents have to be Italian?!
it's still true non the less
Pretty close...anything you are doing to prepare?
In planning mode right now so hopefully soon!
i only have a week and half left of school :o
Lately all my mealtimes have been peanut butter jelly time
1st stumble through of Ford's Theatre's 1776, this evening.
Guess it's time I commit my 4 lines to memory...
I told also, When in doubt?
Pour.
Went to bed last night w/out watching Mad Men.
Just watched it today.
Wow.
I sat w/my mouth gaping for a while.
Wow.
One thing that I admire is how natural the character actions arenothing seems forced, yet there's a strong story.
that u other people
I will don't you worry!!
Thx RT : Shout out to keep up the good work all Athletes follow and we
gotta love a late night tweeter.
Get some subscriptions to your phone it will encourage more.
How long you on third?
These recent celebrity deaths have made me feel just a little bit older.
:/ Death happens, that's life.
I'll just tell jack myself, he needs to know the truth about us.
You cheat on him anyways!
that was my merry Christmas right there, mossman
I'm so glad for this day off I have so much to catch up on and the first thing I'm catching up on is rest.
i know!
That's why I'm keeping it short
just got coffee and left no tip?
I didn't think it was that serious
I'm glad you are enjoying your day.
Happy happy Birthday again!
Encyclopedia Britannica stops printing after 244 years?
Wow I thought they stopped 10 years ago?
For me every Friday is Black Friday.
Lol!
But its still freezing outside and I'm not about to stand in line for a discount.
I have a question , how do you make a secular beat ?
Like how can you tell between a secular or christian beat if no one rapped on it yet ?
I get high on your memory.
::
Me to , I'm crossing fingers !
will do.
Seventeen more days until I move out.
Seventeen more days.
we did the other day at legislative hall all day
what we do?
yeah buddy!!!
RT : Hoping the weather is this beautiful for our Spring event and Art Walk in a cpl weeks Join us!...
And anything you think we could do with IGHN, I would love, love, love.
You guys do, after all, rule.
U.S.
Stocks ended near session highs Tuesday; Dow and SP logging their best rally in a month, helped by positive earnings reports.
Hey guys
Come to the Backbooth and hang!
:
I jus seen tryna get her lil work out on lol y u leave homie????
Anthony and I talked and we think we can hold opponents scoreless together next year.
Last chance for the ALAStore at alamw12!
Go get your READPosters, new titles, tshirts, etc.
Closes at 2pm
Working in shop, putting out three new soaps, Detox Massage Bar, Strawberry and Champaign Massage Bar, Cucumber luxury bar.
Congrats 2 4 selling out of ALL the new 52 at
we just out here livin
if Libya is going to be free.
No more dictators!
Our lunch buffet is on til 3PM: AllYouCanEat, just 9.95 for FL residents and 13.95 for nonresidents!
Who's craving Italian?
Its everything about you
OMG just had a flashback i knoe this waz along time ago but zendaya reply back too me i waz soo happy.
Very clever vacation giveaway via flashfriday.
Looks like I'll be chained to my desk next week :
oh ya i saw it on the comertial cant wate to see it
YOLO .
we get it .
you only live once, you're not a cat .
you don't have 9 lives .
shut the fuck up.
Hey friends!
We have a show November 12th at the doctornken unicorn with baby baby!
Be there!
We want to see you all.
lol damn i think tbs or something idk these channels in Champaign
A few, this looks closest: 234 Dexter Ave N
Right message, wrong song.
Check out Korn's A.D.I.D.A.S.
More my speed.
that would be awesome!
hopefully someday :
the only thing on my tumblr is literally 3
: If you apply an electric current to a pickle, it will glow in the dark.
and its only going to get better this week!
This Breathing Treatment 
ouch ouch
What does Death of a Salesman say about modern America?
Interesting povs on
'cause you're sexy, entertaining  intelligent.
I want to feature you on my wrestling/entertainment blog
i just keep hoping that someday Austin will notice me!
heyy sup mahn thakns for da follow meh following back and nice to meet ya :
Thanks Autumn!
Enjoy the CD :
hey pretty!
You're pretty too, antonio.
You're so pretty.
:
I want to goo, but idk if I'm gonna be busy all day :
Nunthorpe!!
Im sure i have heard of Ramsey, what year are you in ??
State testing phone stays at home bye friends!
Bye Twitter!
Anytime I hear something about Miss May I now, I'm gonna laugh and think LOL SHELBYS MOIST.
24 hour countdown until registration is closed for LAMARATHON!!!
Then why did you ask whatever happened to him?
Obviously you were wondering...
what's up sir?
Long time!
Congratulations to The Daily Cardinal's newly elected sports editors for 2012'13, and
This is NICE!
THX!
RT I use Wizestamp and voluntarily offer my key social media professorles.
youre on campus?
ok im on my way.
New Follower FF I'm always looking for new Veggie Restaurants to try out.
How long have you guys been around?
Picking up my dad's ashes.
There's a song in this somewhere...
Join us tonight at the Blu Martini on 96th and support we'll be there at 8:30
now that you're in grad school you have to start following
the backyardigans are dope!
They got jazzy moves and funky beats!
you're looking good in your picture!!!!
;
Mayor  Councilmembers trying to hold a straight face while being asked if a potential earthquake is in the budget projections.
Shout out to follow him!!
:
OMGosh, that is so very sad but true!
An irish dancing Miss America!
I like it...
So u would agree that people shld never get angry when racially slurred
My grammy once caught an afro pick from wears it everyday!
Takes U 10 MINUTES a DAY, to TRAIN YOUR MIND on anyTHING!!!...USE IT....
Massive 7 was awesome, the Campus rail jam was cool, and the tradeshow at the Dept.
of Skateboarding was tight.
That was a busy weekend!
are you guys no longer doing Buckhead Theater thursday nights??
Whoops Forgot to include also!
Congrats on his new job w/
I thought he spent decades racking up recruiting violations
Anyplace I hang my hat is home.
Happy first day of spring everyone!
Enjoy a beautiful day in South Florida!
Oops, just turned into a 1night stay.
One of girls had flight issues.
5/195/20 still an option?
:
Lord, I thank you for Conviction!
I know you didn't bring me this far, to leave me.
Amen!
Why do people keep unfollowing me!
What have I done!
This makes me sad : Thanks to those who are following me though lol x
More creative minds fueled by Smith Tea's.
Keep up the good work Boaz.
Checking it out!
: chk out , trailer is gory, bloody  down right awesome, get it made along w
Hasselbeck is in
If healing is the goal, fighting is contraindicated
Thank you, that's really nice of you to say!
At this moment i really need my best friend.
:/
Getting ready to take author Lisa Yee to dinner.
Sure hope she brought Peeps!
Pleasant surprise to see you working at X today!
Catch up soon
I feel like I take this a step further.
I act out the video in my apartment sans cute boy...
did you know doctorFell is his wife in real life?
Cleveland will get Sports on FM on 8/29, as CBS Radio will flip Alt WKRK to 92.3 The Fan.
Tell a friend.
You.
Me.
Whipped cream.
Handcuffs.
Any questions?
No school for me :
Rest in peace Etta James :
Y ppl get on facebook think its a hook up site lol
Spending my day donating golf balls to small bodies of water.
would be entertained.
Learn everything you need to know about newly added Twitter Lists, including how they affect your Twitter marketing strategy
Old town tonight :
Irony of the Day: According to I'm influential about freedom, the ipad, apps ...and smart phones.
I don't own a smart phone.
Aww just breathe deep and put your mind to positive things.
Know you will be fine.
Social Team is thinking of ya!
I'm a local coffee gal but that's why our is great w/ awesome staff!
off to Yankee Stadium.
Next week?
I'm on my comp.
and it does it automatically.
doctorves me nuts.
F is for friends who do stuff together...
Just bought Christmas present for at indie craft experience.
No it's not felt, but it's still awesome.
Mommy next!
games de hunger
I need your help.
I'm trying to study for the test you took Friday in math and I have no clue what I'm doing.
Retreat to plaza.
Update: she's a vicuña, not a llama.
She's very friendly and runs when she's honked at or called and expects treats!
Unacceptable Behaviors: interfering with or blocking movement
Brushing off the Super Bowl hangover for my first trip to the Beanpot tonight
yes I will!
530!
Stuck in a dungeon all night
don't worry we love the krap out of you too : REAL 3
RT : Thank u 4 splendid event.
kudos 2 all
Thanks!
:D
we'll split the ticket
where ya goin?
I'm diing pretty good.
So good I might ask my boss for a raise.
cmon man!!!!
in Arizona too
Fleury is in full out
I am Kodwo Eshun Appreciation Society, member
Such an awful evening.
did u like the pic?
I didn't see your name in the list of people that liked it
Still amazed that in the 21st century where logic is spelled out for us, people continue to vote for illogical policies North Carolina
we would love air play.
We are in the studio recording new tracks now.
We will get them to you as soon as they are ready.
Thanks!
ooh i like that m
And that's why you don't leave Ovi open in the high slot.
The pizza was good : but I don't wanna eat more.
: is it raining where you live?
Yeah , you out there somewhere in Twitterland?
You a mind reader??;
If you're looking for the next big penny stock, look no further than  LUSI.OB  Big rumored news coming this week!
Hmm.
I think I should go to bed early tonight.
HELP!
Any crafty ideas for invitation wording for a destination wedding to Puerto Rico?
Hey Baby, if you got no luv, you ain't got nothin!!
Politicians: 4 my vote, if u get caught cheating on your wife, I will personally bitch slap you.
Get caught being bribed, ur nuts will go.
what up sweety
Yoga is great!
Just as you do in the hard positions, use your breath  you'll get through the traffic!
Ever consider doggy yoga?
If your phone receives tweets via text and you pay per text message, you've gonna go broke this afternoon
Do not limit yourself.
Many people restrict themselves to what they consider they could do.
You can go as far as your brain lets you.
I am interested in follow4follow?
do you or no?
If you need more follows try the site on my professorle :
Worst night ever.
Telling stories shouldn't be called rehearsing, it should be called 'I can't believe a get to play here for 4 hours!'
New website is so cool!
W.trevorthepetguy.com Check it out, fine tuning as we speak, feedback is appreciated!!!
Whenever Morgan Freeman says fuck in a movie, you know shit's about to go down.
don't put pics up about old nanas trying to get at you!!!
Lol
Players are human  accountable, umps should be human  accountable, but fans  players should accept occasional ump errors.
Life is messy.
I LOVE YOU
Darrell what are you up to these days?
Holiday Green Tip: By doing your Holiday shopping online, you can save fuel, emissions, and probably get a good bargain along the way!
are you ready?
watchu mean against us ?
Want some more WhenAustin's or Imagines?
I've never done imagines for Austin before.
lol.
:
Hey, how is everyone?
: Seriously, I'm in a great mood, and in the mood to hear.
Leave me tweets!
Ugh, who let Lackey in the clubhouse.
Stevie Wonder, play it, you are amazing!!
Back on the grind!
Last summer with massage envy :
Check out on !
RT : Wonder if is as balletic  musical when playing doctorwsomething as he is when he does performance painting?
Laying in bed.
Dana and Raquel  can you resend the todaysmeet link?
I forgot how CUTE new mexico boys are!
haha :P
The song that sounds like wee ohh wee ohh wee, wee ohh wee ohh wee?
hahaha
Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can.
And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.Swaggie
yeah I bet you have had tons of friends coming over to help.
you are loved!!
glad you had a nice relaxing day.
Wonder what the conversation would be like if a NY Yankee had his doctorg suspension overturned?
thanks very much : Glad you're liking it!
my first game of the season tonight!
How was everyone's day?
:
guess I shouda not asked that question LMAO
K so if my grandparents pay for our tickets to Idaho this summer I'll have enough credit to get a ticket from there to here
Happy Thanksgiving Tweeties!
82 degrees and sunny in champaign  spring break started early
Work field trip to the Avengers today.
It counts as research.
Thanks for all the RTs, !
Much more to come from
that's my girl
They say have u talked to that girl, I say fuck that girl my phone rings as well
that is so cool!
Great job!!!
that's fast but good for u :
Sitting here dancing to 1D at work.....SMH
Sounds good.
Enjoying SchoolsOnTheBrink  that you are asking why Crawford is only school up for consolidation
Just saw a Google Trends result at the bottom of a SERP for Smallville Season 10.
Since when did they start showing Trends in SERPs?
Don't forget tiger jam w/ Jon Bon Jovi  friends.
Mandalay event center..
April 28th!
Moorea during the day, concert at night, what a plan!
you two are a great team.
Keep up the great work!
ah haha don't worry about it.
I got hacked.
night all
As long as it's not a human ham...
keep me updated Dav
: Cats meow to communicate with humans, not with each other!
...
then why can't I speak cat?!
Love my new apartment :
Great weekend.
Took in some incredible live music; met lots of new people and tapped into very good potential projects.
the sun was out!
haha, that gives me ideas....
Thanks for including me in your storify story.
Looking forward to the conference!
vra2012 Kleman  when talking to teachers about how to use video in the classroom, it is obvious the system is broken.
I'm off to save the world from stupidity and lack of communication!
Insufficient funds are usually followed by Insufficient Fun.
: ItsHardTo Please Everyone.
Couldn't name one player for Purdue but I'm sure a shit cheering for them
tweet was totally about me lol
I wish I were dying to sin instead of dying to sin.
It is so borin
WAIT, COMING TO HOOT FEST?
Gettin Color in my tattoos and finishing up these sleeves soon ..
ifidiedtommorow id want to take all of my possessions money clothes toys games computer and give it to a kid with cancer
You are so cute together!!!!!
yes LET'S CHILL!!!:
nah babe I've been waiting for some shit like this.....let me have my moment lol
Checked out the brief on Trapped.
Wow, 12 years into the future.
Makes me wonder how the characters  surroundings will change.
Just watched the latest castle well depressing as if Kate resigned but then quite cute and happy b4 the end
Just got my uniform for work
That tweet I just saw haha!
Thankful for another day!,
BIDEN voluntarily admits he still picks his nose and eats the outcome, THUS forcing OBAMA admit to same.
and now the asian girl is destroying a flawless Celine Dion song.
Ants in my pants sitting in a movie on the nicest day ever waiting to get rowdy
Thanks for the follow.
How are you?
Anytime, hope you and the wifey have a fantastic weekend!
RT : Happy EarthDay!!
Today, volunteers across the country are engaged w/ their communities in sustainability projects....
sounds like a plan!
I want a fade
I wanna make a mix of all my old tracks and make it really crazy..for free download of course..
Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
Helen Keller
Yes.
Casting is superb RT : Agree.
Veep is a great show.
Great cast as well.
GO GRIZZ!
Tonight they play in LA  but that won't stop the diehard fans!
Join us tonight for a watch party!
alphas is a great show, hope it has a long run!!!
Damn I'm so glad I left Alief.
Some of these girls are stupid.
Writing our asses off!!
Routine is very important for those with autism.
Helps them feel safe!
bring it!
Can't wait to be back in Texas miss my family and friends
Please share this with your friends  family.
You can massage your pets clean w/o having to give them a bath.
Anytime or any place, everyday
And your trying to break me and aaron up why?
Heading up to the Couv to see my mom and spend a little time with her.
But it's certainly your prerogative to see it that way if it fits your viewpoint.
H8 mornings nice day though
If you want to sound really cool, talk or sing about the stratosphere in an aggressive tone.
omg ikr!!
ughh they need to just tell each other!!!
true...
but, I suppose I prefer to see the silver lining?
I just saw sumbody I went to school wit he look 2 times my age
reading LIntervention Sociologique After TwentyFive Years: Can it Translate Into English?
byKevin McDonald director
It's my last day of school...ever.
no problem!
God bless my enemies; make them Thy friends; give them to know the joy and the peace of love.
Mary Baker Eddy's heartfelt prayer
Thanks, I'll check them out.
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn.
this next week, I'm like the players, stain away from twitter, anything and everything else
CD release date: March 25th!
I'm so excited!!
See you on iTunes :
I think had the stronger pitch.
Creative, clever, audienceappropriate...
I don't want to be a zAMbie no more.
soo sore from track
Chiana:There is a perfect spot on the floor, and I will not rest until I find it!
Hi Adam, thanks for the retweet!
Will you be attending?
it was!
I found the cutest little cafe by accident!
yeah it's not good.
aye that is to dope!
Brian Williams ask the question about leadership style.
Nice!
A little disappointed that Garry Marshall went with New Year's Eve instead of Leap Year.
no, that the county has more Employees now than before.
City maybe with all the new hires,replacements, and newly created pos
Someone should definitely start a science fashion blog!
What a great idea!
Post your favorite doctornking tradition on our fanpage, winner gets shots galore this weekend at Firehouse!
www.facebook.com/ilovefirehouse
It's like everyone thinks and I are 17
RT : Is your business interested in being an official sponsor of The Island Fringe Festival?
Get in touch with us at...
Staccyyyss mom has got it goin on
yo hope your show went well, wish i could have went hard in the paint with ya!
If pitching prospect requires long toss to get ready for a pitching outing, does it limit them to only be starters?
Jane might stay there over the summer...
or me...
or not
do you no where i can find lady civil war reenactors on the internet living history
Guess I'm actually staying in on a Friday..
Uh tht never happens to me
I wanna go there too
For shame, North Carolina.
SHAME.
NO.
Need a backup team asap.
RT : BREAKING: Brewers announce contract extension Ron Roenicke.
discussing the fact that LOST was not new last night.
bummer!
welcome back Hillel huskies!!!
here's to a great fall quarter...
get ready for an even better winter!
Arrogant geese.
they are super groovey!!!
for sure
Who is Channing Dawson?
Do not know...
This stomach virus been kicking my ass this week..I might really have to go to the doctor
it's been so long since I have talked to you.
I'm in need of your gnarly advice again.
Can you help?
Your advice in the pas ...
I swear my mom is rapidly approaching the fuck it years where she gives zero fucks about her appearance.
Love cures people  both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
doctor Karl Menninger
Since i had a doctoram that i was prego, i keep thinking that i am prego o.O :3
that's for tonight
hey my son just burned his hand really bad on some refried beens no insurance any tips ?
Have a great weekend!
of course I'm not sure if the larger portfolio in which Solyndoctor existed will post a loss, either
Franklin park today with our new chicken mole taco...
Savory and delicious.
Man, my stomach is singing like a bag of bullfrogs this morning.
Listening to the voice of reason...
kinda.
This is a new experience.
I need a training guide.
You rule.
Just remember, if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off!
Anonymous
I am so sry about Ryan and you r in my prayers
Take care of your lady.
It pays great dividends.
like what?
do you guys handle toll violations in Miami?
Ah I need to make a trip back to Cali so soon either San Diego or LA I don't care I miss the west
love you more
are you a fan of Tracy Morgan?
: Acting is not about being someone different.
word.
yhu are now followed!!
Love this time of year.
Pear blossoms all over everything!
The Discovery Green has outdoor iceskating now until Jan 22, lace up your skates before it's too late!
I cannot explain or rationalize how much I love that man, despite the fact that I've never met him.
So so many great roles.
YAY!
My nephew Benjamin was born today at 11:15 am!
I'm so happy to be an aunt!
:
lmfao that nigga is a fool...
i refuse to call him world peace doe.
Kids don't have the money to pay for the gas to go to college, so they just stay home and pray.
This should make Santorum happy.
no problem :
Do you reply to everyone?
Where do you find the time?
Sure thang.
Now I am really going to bed, do a little homework first then goto bed.
XOXO
In for the night, I'm sleepy and I need to rest up for work and rage fest with tomorrow!
yay!
We'd love that.
That's what's up.
O I got a new 
I'm interested in testing tools
16 years ago Austin Carter Mahone was waiting to be born on this day at 10:14 AM.
HappySweet16Austy Mahomies 3 you
June or July!
Fly Away will be posted in a week, we hope everyone enjoys our new track :
there isn't a bad seat in the entire stadium!
I think it's a good idea.
Follow me zouknation!
Mad Men tomorrow!!!!
How am I supposed to fall asleep when I'm not tired?
How am I supposed to be tired when I sat on my ass all day?
Assuming that makes me shallow too..
Hope everyone is hungry.
5:00 today at McMurty Courts we have our first Summer Session of BBQ, Beer, Volleyball and PRIZES!
See you there
Lets go Knights!
Knightmare!!!
Congratulations on reaching 9 million followers my hunkie Frikikikikiki Sex doctorgon!
Love you!
hi Patrick :
I hoping to get an interview for the butler job at the Mittmansion in La Jolla.
I'll supply my own Grey Poupon!
Leaving work at 6:10 today.
Apparently I'm not that dedicated.
Woodfish's Starlight Remedy album to be released on 4/20/2011!
Preorder now at www.woodfishmusic.com
Love the emphasis on soft skills.
Sometimes challenging to convince students of the importance of these!
caught my first
Transparency is the new black.
Concocting new versions of old fashions
send the linkdying to see lol
haha, no need.
They're normally great.
First delay from them in months.
Another great lunch with the Oklahoma Wedding professorssionals it is always so fun and informative.Ashli Cox Catering Sales Manager
I kno her johnnie ill show you who she is one day she is kool ppls
Hot and irritated!
Great combination!
thanks for the linkvery similar instinctsolutions that work 4 problems that matter!
appreciate your detective work!
I hope a lion cuts your throat then eats you.
Then throws you back out.
Then eats you again.
Then shits you out.
Happy New Year!
Little early I know, but I'm totally lame and not staying up.
The people should not pledge allegiance to the government; the government should pledge allegiance to the people.
Michael Lind
Have a nice serene day
I have to be a Day Person this week because it's spring break and the library's only open during the day.
I feel like a vampire
Got your feedback but no contact info.
We're hiding the continue button this week.
DM if further questions.
Thanks!
Just got interviewed by the BSU Daily News, make sure to check out the article in next Monday's paper!!
soonRT : When can yuh entertain me??
You're 12 why are you on twitter!
Go play with some barbies.
wow!
Just wow!
very belated FF to you, too...
it's almost TGIF again!
:
Architect's perspective: if you think a doctorfter will give you a better price than a licensed professorssional, please use them.
Thanks for the shout out of !!
B careful when a naked person offers u a shirt
Haha...that was awesome.
If she's a man then I am going gay for sure 
Should you believe that some day it's going to occur, some day it probably will occur.
Last night in Oxford...
yes!
I'm going to be a couple hours late because I have to work til 2  but I'll be up after!
It'll be good to see you!!!
When are you done with uni, next year?
You gotta fill me in on what's next for you..
doctorpped you that long inbox a while back haha
Yo its a crazy world we live in
for the follow!
I don't always have a Crush, but when I do it's orange.
Of all the reasons for my brain to be hurting right now, this is probably the least fun.
Fast Five..
muscle men n fast cars mi gusta
I'm at ryans and teresas wedding
Promos yesterday went great!
Thanks
Is biracialism a word?
My whole entire body hurts ..
good idea.
When will students get to the 21st century?
I'd be happy to meet them at 2005.
Check out newtoyou places

a few, but that doesn't stop me from talking about them!
Soo im n lafayette....is eddies good for breakfast?.
I know!!
I'm freaking out.3
What to bring to campus?
Start with an umbrella and a raincoat.
You can take care of getting new things once you're here.
eh I'm fine.
Haha thank you.
Great mindset RT : Ive always believed no matter how many shots I miss, Im going to make the next one.
Isaiah Thomas
just looked up who that is.
watching 'the power of vulnerability' via TED now.
i aint heard since we doctorpd it
rubin and fries, a pint of hammerhead at ze White Eagle for lunchtime
Happy Easter everyone.
Take a day to reflect on all the great thinks Jesus has done for you
Patrice Bergeron is the heart and soul of the Bruins and is one of the most underrated players in the
Photo Shoot !
Tomorrow, Staring Keith Aka  Nigga Model .
the clippers need to close out this series with Memphis already so I can go to game 1  not worry about missing work!!
Morning guys :
thx for attending my photography workshop last night for all!
unbelievable crowd on galibier.
normally think event crowd estimates  joke.
these will be right, maybe low.
Doing operational stuff today...
...a gd day 2 catchup.
Hey If Brewers couldn't afford Prince Fielder, what makes anyone think they can afford Josh Hamilton?
With the sting on their buts nd the shame on there shoulders frm the beating cleveland wudagave them
Thanks for helping us reach our Likes goal.
Thanks to you all, we now have 2,010 likes!
The good thing about a long megabus line: got through reading the last 24 hours of my twitter feed.
it's the door to the right of center if you're coming up from
that's more than awesome.
We are looking for a show in Tallahassee FL If you can help or know someone who can email
not yet I'm not home....
I'll check it out 
No one, and I mean NO ONE has ever moaned in a song the way Donna Summer did.
I got the best present ever for you
' Sure can't wait for her or Larry to come for me :
If you are a clinician or parent concerned with finding toys for specialneeds childoctorn
you rock!
game day just isn't right without
Happy mothers day!
stopping suburban sprawl
You are such a FUCKING dumbass.
Waking up at 3am to follow a day in the life of Oscar cause he's one bad mutha
Moments is such a beautiful song x
Tf , she cant Rap /:
Will it be LSU, Texas or Bama for Torshiro Davis?
They're about to start the announcement ceremony.
We should have our final answer soon
HIM: Not sure.
Felt fine yest....think its flu.
Can't keep shit down all day....
the b.s.
rumors and strait up fiction many reporters put out these days...
Sweet.
I miss South Beach!!
We heard that Pizza Hut lets kids eat free on weekdays.
Can you confirm?
Thanks so much!
Doritos locos tacos wit a Baja blast in the side, and livewire in the car.
Take the rules of this shit, that's why I keep a revolver How da hell U robbers .....gonna rob da robber
RT : Is it wrong that I glanced down at his skills and thought, 'none of those say NGP Van'?
Up and getting ready to see my girl get sworn into the Illinois Bar ...
she's officially an Attorney now yall ...
congrats CO
musesocial topic?
how about wiseor not to use SM re sensitive issues:e.g.Hall of Evol ?
Jefferson  slavery?
TrayvonM?
its hard to believe that everything you said to me, was a lie..
its even harder to believe that i actually thought i meant something to you.
Ultimate shade, why did Theresa said she SIGNED Beyonce to Columbia  not Destiny Child.
She is on the MARYMARY show lol
ive been at wittenberg all day today.
Who is ready for some week 11 fantasy screwjobs?
Or did Thanksgiving already f you in the a?
most of them
Down to 5 players for our women's bball game tonight.
If any of you have skills, now is the time to let me know.
For just 5 you help fund a brand yourself a librarian style project at SxSW show off the impact of libraries.
DM for deets on how to give.
1 MINUTE LEFT OMG IM FREAKING OUT!!!!
Hurry uppppkdjjdxhssjd
The funniest thing about this tweet is that by the time you realize it doesnt say anything important its too late for you to stop reading it
We are having a responsive design meeting today.
We are very inspired by your work!
Check out the Miami lights!
About to hit the studio with Ready to make more magic!
looking for opportunities?
get in touch with me over FB!
I now know the future of library architecture is to strive to look like Mac stores.
FamousLies  you don't need a professorssional to do your plumbing.
False, save money and time, you're bound to cause some damage...
is happy we won the game and brutally hung over today.
Hey, the proceeds from the Rockbar Mad Dog shots went to charityIt's for the kids!
DJing Scordatura on ktru 91.7fm www.ktru.org.
Week's theme is American Minimalism, in honor of recent trip to Marfa.
Love CS Lewis Quotes...
Hopefully JuniorSeau is resting in peace w/ MosiTatupu, another proud Samoan Patriot.
as long as your the one behind it33
Haha, no camps then.
Actually would be great if you guys can make it for 5yr anniversary!
7/11/12
Living wit the hell i've made for myself....
I STILL KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER!
BYE YALL!!!
IT'S SCARY MOVIE TIME.
Follow me, I know de way
kevin I'd love to see what you would do with it!
bet it would be a good event
When the news crowns you with the title expert, you are one.
Become the expert in your field and give expert opinions for news coverage.
Fabulous!
: Looking forward to getting singing Im on a boat too!
A Look at 3 Popular Types of Mortgages
What a fucking game
When I started out as a childoctorn's librarian, Sendak was making waves.
We had 100 4 yr olds a week in story hoursthey loved him.
Anyone in/around the Northern Virginia/DC Metro area have a couch or guestroom I could crash in/on June 2729th?
Thank you!
So Facebook decided that 's nostalgia is more important than my entire newsfeed.
no reason to defend myself because you are exactly right.
If you do have to work this fine Saturday just make sure you get outside.
Me plz.
I'm just waiting for anyone!
: lemme know, i'm still dm'g
Agree 100 with that.
: Bottom line?
This all really sucks.
This is not what I thought we were gonna be talking about in May
500 like the 500 club?
I like that place lol, but on friday Im getting my wisdom teeth removed!
So idk how much recovery time is
What makes you not what to do what you're supposed to do for this person who you say means so much to you...
I am the game doesnt take 3 hours shutup :P
So I added Sonny Rollins to my Pandora station I was creating, and I they gave me Sonny and Cher.
:.
haha, i don't do any on friday..
i just do it early on saturday or sunday.
:
Hugs  thx all around!
RT: you rock, kind sir!!!
i thank you and thanks you, too!
:
Never give up on your team, people.
We're still alive!
Watch your VOICE REVREN!!!!!!
OK, it's more than this, but still can't seem to read abt learning analytics without a mental image of airport body scanners...
I guess that kind of begs the question as to what the definition of a coffee shop entails and how do they vary?
It always feels like further
Where are you located dude?
Tell her i said THANK YOU!!
RT : my mom just realized ur bday was today..she says happy birthday Nick!!
:
She can afford the good meth now
happy birthday darling, we still need to have a birthday Thai food night
The Valet is coming up shortly!
Be sure to tune in via or online at www.wsupfl.com!
Giving away OrlandoCalling tickets!
Had a lot of fun at the St Francis Library Fest yesterday!
Don't buy our CD cuz we don't have one yet, lol.
I beat it beat it up up up up up up up
Congrates on the new bundle of joy in your life!
Me, have an opinion?
Would b special for saxum and cubiccreative to tackle what I call TGBC  The Great Braums Challenge.
you should join us  use Tweetchat app to embed the meded hashtag automatically
I wanna go :
give us a shoutout in the opening speech ; our bionic ears will be tuned in.
makes the both of us
: That clogging was legit HAHAHAHAHAHA all I can think about is clogging a toilet.
Here's to the Mahomies who cried when they missed Austin's Ustream for the first time..
Santa .
Training and T box .
Busy saturday
I miss you!!!
3 I'm going insane without my best friends...
we gotta hang out soon.
When you going on vacation?
of course there is.
That's great.
You know what else is great?
yeah.
It's kinda weird.
I'm up way too early and in a foul mood.
Need that attitude of gratitude but can't seem to find it.
Check under the couch cushions, maybe?
I love it when my great grandmother calls me to tell me that shes excited about seeing me on Saturday.
:D
idc she'll have to get over it
You got to my pub day before me!
: Time zone magic.
Thanks so much.
xo
One of these days I'm going to make you choose.
If its her, you'll never hear from me again.
YOU HOT DUCKING GUY  hahaha
This is a real fucked up day!
We have to give it up for the new York giants for pulling off one of the greatest wins in NFL history!
So I'm not doing the announcements anymore at school..
I guess they found out I was going I spastically shout cuss words over the intercom
holler at me in a couple months
i wish youd notice me!!!
Pop up flea markets
Boedker converts on a bad turnover to make it 22.
Decibel is a great idea and they have a really slick video to explain how it works.
Reminds me a lot of Freebase.com and the video th...
sometimes you have to
Thanks friend  you too!!!
FF RT TGIF!
Have a Safe Weekend!
Thank you!
In many, many ways.
: RT : and the fosterly event keeps on giving.
Congrats to the rebels on their 7558 point win
yes, let's definitely do that soon!
Let me know when's good for you.
Yall would too if ya heard its voice
As Katie Long would say, Be safe have fun ;
: I will stop in on Monday to get caught up!
I wish I could have gone to the J.
Cole concert tonight on campus.
RT : on the way back yesßss
who's gonna be up all night?
Showing Rebel Without a Cause at Tivoli Theatre in Downer's Grove on April 25  talking about The Film That Changed My Life w/AHFS.
Thanks!
Happy weekend!
No thank u!!
I am sending you out like sheep among wolves.
We are the sheep, Jesus is the shepherd.
We NEED Him.
Some days are harder than others.
Hey ShereeWhat's the name of the song and artist that you did your dance number to?
I can't find it anywhere.
lakers got no class when down by a lot
FF Follow some talented people!
Readers are Leaders.
Give Reading a prime attention in 2012
Not liking the 8:30 start for the Devils.
I'm ready to go now
Houston art lovers, check out The Big Show this Friday, July 1 from 6:308:30pm!
DJ Glasnost and doctornks by Saint Arnold!
Hands up who had Chelsea v.
Bayern Munich in the Champions League final
we look forward to having you!
All beliebers love Pattie And : We love the BieberFamily :
computer reservation.
i swear that i usually have more reference questions than this!
zero as of 12:30.
thank you for the FF!!
lets go to the beach, each, lets get away.
W Going to try Troy Anthony's  Cambridge barber that I heard good things about.
Grilling beef short ribs marinated in Korean BBQ sauce while sitting under an outdoor heat lamp.
Is this spring in San Diego?
Thank you!
And for you as well!
Enjoying your tweets.
We have a room full of troublesome cataloges at the Best Western Stovall's Inn.
:
Lovin the intensity on my TL today
I think our Debut issue and all the Amazing online content of Rag and Bone Magazine is going to ROCK your worlds!
blast UKiss as load as possible

I look at my kids and know that even with all their craziness  their still my sanity
do u have an email addoctorss for beat submissions?
...maybe bro is the kat!
And great to meet you as well, Antonio.
Best of luck with your event planning venture helping nonprofessorts.
that chocolate was mhhmmm mmhhmmm GOO:
RT : 1111865: Gen.
Robert E.
Lee recommends granting immediate freedom to African Americans who enlist in the...
Prince Fielder beat you to it.: btw, can I have one of those french fries coming out of your head
Why do the Marlins look like the Orioles??
Heard of qwiki.com?
Awesome site to use in the classroom!
I Was Wondering Its My Birthday On June 14 Birthday3 I Go To Miguel Contreras Learning Complex In L.A And All I Want Is A Hug
Excited for twitter chat in 20 minutes!
I'm not sure what car to get next...
Fox says Volvo and CBS says Fiat.
RT LOL : RT : Attractive person: Hi, how are you?
me: who the fuck paid you..
Recently Mamp;amp;Ms also launched five new flavors
You are worthy only to be mocked by the words of error.
From Explanations of the NinetyFive Theses, pg.
175 of Luther's Works, Vol.
31
i have been going to shows for longer than I would like to admit.
my favorite hip hop act not named public enemy
Just saw the previews from PALOMA's shoot for ATOMICA Magazine.
You are going to LOVE.THIS.
film!
Our words may hide our thoughts, but our actions will reveal them.
Anon
ThingsIDislike I dislike when people hate on eachother
We are at Spitfire, Acquabar, and 2nd  Bell
heehee my hubby only praises me when I'm not looking lol!
At least I have season four of 24
He once wavered on wavering!
He may again.
: The one thing Mitt will never waver from is wavering.
Looking forward to the KACC event in our lounge this evening!
Sounds like a good plan!
Thanks Bille!
Just inbox me, when ever you need too.
I'm only a click away.
Remember, i don't like it when beautiful girls cry.
: Not only is your leadin a flat out lie, but the link doesn't support it
Is it fine to sit in a chair or lie down if sitting on floor is not possible due to back injury?
So do I look jailbait enough for you to tweet me?
was it a kyser or?
thanks abel same to u bro
Please stop hating on Turner ..he's developing to become the best player on the sixers!
Keep your head up!
Stay bless today
You've got a great account blurb!
:  Thanks for a follow and have a fun Sunday!
well I'm not Irish so they don't mean as much to me but yes I saw them and they are pretty sick
LMKasprzak re: CMC  Social media is a cocktail party; you are supposed to engage in conversation and LISTEN.
Aw, yeah!
technically not about straight edge, but they use it a couple time they say what are you one of those straight edge faggots
No, this is MacOS Snow Leopard.
But thanks for the tweet.
If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this
Tonight is senior night.
Everyone of my friends better be there.
Or they lose their friend card
Yes!
Love Laumeier!
RT : Don't forget about Laumeier Sculpture Park!
I'm bout to get some cereal
Favoriting your own tweet is like liking your own status on Facebook.
neither are acceptable.
That's because he's not as popular...
Sent Giuliana gift to LA Studio addoctorss delivered yesterday pls make sure she has it b4 her surgery it will help thanx!
:
I'll take it!
Getting ready for our first Holiday Season!
Thanks everyone for the support!
Send me a message for a 25 off coupon!!
There's a nineyearold with cancer, and all he wants is to trend on Twitter.
Make it happen.
I feel bad for the little kids  babies on shows like teen mom D:
Looking back and realizing things I should have done differently..
you ok?
wanna talk about it?
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
I'm the worst exgf!
I forgot to wish The Ex a happy twoyear breakupiversary on August 6.
Glad to say we're tied for winning the breakup.
Woohoo Chiefs Win!!!
The one thing harder to find than the missing link, lochness, and bigfoot is the ever elusive Helpful Creative Direction
Everytime I hear my alarm clock I hate it more and more.
we would love to work with on using WikiProjects to get information out to people around the world
so basicly i am going to be jamba juice fairy tomorrow, get on my level !
She was so ugly she could make a mule back away from an oat bin.
Will Rogers
It'd be funny if Chris Brown was doctorssed up as a spider on that large spider web.
I like yours, too!
What are the plans for tonight?
: it would be, if you were here!
mister Personal injury lawyer, do you have a website?
Do you track ROI finding you from website?
I thought class too!!!
last time I called you had a voicemail it was real long I remember having great laughter bout it
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace
And I will make you believe, that nothing can save you, like nothing saved me.
LOL!
Well, at least not this time, you mean.
RT : I swear I didn't do it!
I didn't do anything!
Get tix to see at their 5th Annual Hip Hop showcase in Lisner!
The show is April 29th from 6:308:30!
hiphope to see u there
On it!
Going to grooveshark immediately to get schooled in proper grunge forefathers!
Thanks for the bands will listen for sure!
Wow.
Just wow.
Whoa!
What team?
follow me please5
Movie Man: Fasttaking reporters and slowwitted cops
FatherGod May your light shine brightly within us, that all be inspired to seek you, in Jesus name.
amen, amen, amen!
completely agree!
Well said
Yellow and Green.
You know what I mean...
Watching the city council proceedings now....
Maybe if they turned the economy off and then turned it back on it might run better.
Works for my computer....
that is an excellent point...
I like that
