Discovered a new surprise favorite in United States of Tara.
15 episodes in 24 hours.
RT : i want some pussy...
I was there!
We're you?

they need prayer!
BIG congrats!
Way to go!
GUYS.
I HAVE TO GO TO SCHOOL.
:/
: Who else thought Spongebob's parents were cookies?
LET'S BE HONEST HERE.
hahaha
These pants are like regular pants except they're for baseball.
They're my baseball pants.
I hv been thinking of new things here and there  forgetting to document my ideas!
I need an App for VM Recorder on my phone.
HaveAnyIdeas?
Good morning.
Thx for the mention.
Hope you have a great Thursday too :
hi babe.
just relax.
Phelps is phenomenal.
I am looking forward to watching him sweep tonight.
The swans have gone...
End of the World should come with a warning label.
Check out  : Know any great craft or small batch coffee roasters?
Looking for a new cup of joe.
Grr cant sleep all i can think about is me in england and meeting
Chick fil a is the model 4 restaurants!
: God hates no one
You can meet many people who can change your life for an instant but you only meet one person who can change your life forever!
going to bed crying because Vincent didn't say anything about the boyz.....
Angeline's OUT OF THE GARDEN, tales of the Barbarian Kabar of El Hazzar is very close to publication.
Serious SwordAndSorcery action, soon!
If you are doing a juice cleanse, are you combining it with a colonic?
Or vice versa?
at home?
Now you're just showing off...lol save some for me and my girls please :
lol it's the little smiley emotions
Happy President's Day , , and
That's it, I'm calling in stabby tomorrow.
I am not surprised.
I will wait to hear your side of the story.
Ha!
I must be bored if I'm watching U.S.
House of Representatives on tv...fml  in need of a new one!
is attending a destinationwedding seminar.
Where am I working tomorrow?
NR or DDD3?
Someone claim me please.
I like your background
For real!
I woulda put Theresa in her place a long time ago.
just being honest  3
R.E.M broke up.
did she break all of her fingers?
thats always the worst.
Finishing up The Rules of Survival tonight then library sometime soon for my next batch of books.
open arms
woo bass!
Happy Thanksgiving!
: I loved Jody MacDonald I like it..
don't love it!
Hey Jody, do me a favor..Appreciate it!!
We don't even have a Wincos here in South Bay..
I don't think..
Dear sir, I am in your Chicago establishment.
So happy there is one now in the Midwest!
Wow!
declined paying clz costs for my fully approved FHA buyer bcuz they won't use Centex lender, but will pay if switch
y is it that..
since i became emotionally detatched..
he doin all the right things...
too late..
It's never too late to become what you might have been.
George Elliot
Salt and pepper go to right for passing
Don't forget...the Barkan special ends TODAY!
5.95 per bottle
Who's playing now?
Might ride my bike down..
Hm.
Better than Wendy's?
Seguin shoots puck over Montoya's shoulder.Snap shot from high in left circle.
Bergeron and Marchand get assists.
42 Bruins over
Champions are made from something deep inside them, a desire, a doctoram, a vision
It wasn't Menard, but at least it was a Cheesehead!!
when i see it it's usually abbreviated to Suu Kyi
not sure if it will make the coffee BETTER but it was nice to know they are monitoring Twitter and trying!
If we all worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true is really true, there would be little hope of advance.
Orville Wright
it's working, if not chk out front page
1 PEOPLE SHOULD FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT ;
Hahahaha, you say all that shit to make people think you're nice..
Smh.
Bitch you're fake as fuck.
Shit talker, you're no sweet girl Ha!
P90X is great.
Better to have an eye on exactly what your doing.In an amazingly cool world I would be your trainer.
Thank you to everyone that came out for the Healthy Living Expo on Saturday!
doctor Keith had a great time speaking at the event!
I dont like boogers unless there in my mouth
that's what I thought too.
He said she wasnt out very long.
She got a rude awakening.
Thank you for all the tweeting!
Have a great Mom's Day!
RT : Thank you for the Mom's Day RTenjoy!
On the way to
I got 2 pickles, I got 2 pickles.
I got 2 pickles hey hey hey hey dude...it's an effing pickle.
NO ONE CARES!
If you would FOLLOW ME id be the happiest boyarianator in the world 333 Please give me a follow or shoutout :
check us out at SOWO.
We will be a vendor there.
It's always darkest before the dawn Thank you Florence  the Machine for
Black Veil Brides rock my socks off and blow my mind!!!!
It is awesome seeing our students grow in our primary tenets of Courtesy, Attentiveness, Perseverance, SelfControl, Honor, and Courage.
The awkward moment when you try to move to the center...
before speaking at Liberty University
It's a beautiful morning!
Time to wake up and smell the coffee, or in my case the cinnamon, cayenne and apple cider vinegar w/ ageve tea.
Oh I'm cute.
Just kidding.
I'm lame.
I'm laying in bed.
I love my mother.
I'm still on Viola's side.
Right, 6 and 7time allstars were incredibly underappreciated.
There are levels of appreciation between forgotten  HOF.
We made 4,400 at our book sale yesterday.
Many thanks to all!
RT : haha, u know is my girl right?
FF Some great Seattle nonprofessort tweeps
Vegas bound, baby!
when falls asleep on my couch and starts twitching and snoring...
again  hahah XD

yes...
It's a private thing that is blowing up my TL as well.
Wait did you know its possible to txt in the shower?
let's hoop Bitch
always jealous when some young'un comes into the office to pitch their wine, but feel better that it's usually for their parents' vineyard
I'm not a cry baby.
but thanks.
Tonight is so fucking awesome.
It's much more user friendly than TweetDeck; I couldn't load any of my Facebook accounts on TD.
You can say it's speculation.
But I bet it will be true when they make it official.
we love that basketball, BasketballKurtis blow, today was a good dayIce Cube
thanks very much.
I hope the same for you!
I'm keeping you in my thoughts and prayers :
We are starting the Design applications and are reviewing application 130105  John Frigo.
Busy morning strategizing with our partners at !
Niggas faking hard to be a twitter star you can buy a rozay but cant buy a car niggas faking like they got it but really they be hurting.
lol hahaha I just changed my password so it shouldn't be doing it anymore!
yup its true Lahoud, swing by!
first round on us!
I see it didn't take long for insomnia to follow me to Poland.
I love how people are so doctormatic now.
We get a paper cut and start screaming IM GONNA DIE OMG IM GONNA DIE hahha calm down
What are people on the outside saying about COS?
A consistent thread from experienced travelers: Look at the rainbows
Thank you for holding the megaIIN in Long Beach!
It means I get to visit with my best friend in Malibu Thurs and Fri!
He's climbing in yo windows, he's snatchin yo people up, tryin to rape em so u need to hide yo kids hide yo wives, nd hide yo husbands
Julia Porter is THE BOMB!
Take good care of her!
do us apart is part of the wedding saying.
til death, do us apart.
this one will have two meanings.
awe silly harry  
challenge accepted lol
Just got accepted to be a producer for Current TV!!!
My Quote of the Day  Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain., Bob Dylan
Ever wake up with that freshly undead feeling?
Its like getting a new lease on unlife!
Syr/Ash officiating  Fail
well can i call you or you what?
Tough way to end the season for the Hawks.
Still a great series.
This could be the year for Nashville.
Well that's one way to do it!
and, san diego misses you!!!!!!
I SWEAR EVERYBODY TWEETIN BOUT OLIVIA HYPOCRITICAL YAW CALLIN HER A HATER BUT STEADY HATIN ON HER DONT WATCH DA SHIT!
ION GOT NO
it's storming pretty bad D: and it's only 3 a.m.....
asd5hjklz;
thanks for helping me with so much in my writing career.
TheWireTaughtMe the proper usage of jail and police
But lookit how fucking handsome he is!
:
loving your twitter page, keep up the great work and thanks for the follow.
a business degree.
Hoping that combining that with my IT degree will help.
You know it's tough when even costco is out of jobs
I'm about to go to bed :p
Finished Calligrapher's Daughter and more tears flowed.
You're an expert at captainring unspoken emotions.
Feedfoward  a respectful suggestion for another to achieve future success targeting a behavior that they have identified as critical.
You should have been to the AFP Fiscal Responsibility gathering in Clackamas Sat.
The people are speaking.
You'd be proud.
valentine what do you think of bottled
Let's get 100 followers ya?!
But I think I fell inlove when I found out vicky secret
I didn't get a chance to work on it...I will send u lot of stuff once I get to europe
A wonderful Sunday dinner with the family is now to be followed by a few hours together.
Sweet!
Teal tomorrow 
Aw Schneider really got in trouble lmao
It's not spring break when it is 37 degrees outside .
made some new friends.
Someone's gonna win a new 3ds!
Lee Enterprises reports results for second fiscal quarter
What a pass!
i only did one pg im gonna do more once i get home .
I have a feeling she would've if we didn't show up  she knew we were in ssr
Made your Sunday dinner Minestrone this a.m.
Look  smells good!
: FoodForward, a great new PBS show about the people
Lol we can switch I can deal with 40 degrees you can this 80 degrees everyday a nigga tired of sweating
The voyeur cam is on!
Running early.
Can't wait until Monday morning when we're up 6.5 games on the Red Sox...get my new google voice  CHYEAH1
9 is my number and 11 is my b'day so I gotta Love that!
Rangers vs st loser cardinals...go texas...for my wife
Haha your not getting shit!
: : I would like popcorn and hot dogs :
Shoutout to everyone follow!
Longest.
Night.
Ever.
When I say you fill up those cups I meant my friends doctornks, not a compliment you egotistical whore.
some dude idk!!!
proWalker promoted tweets may get young voters to polls for yet promotedtweetsannoying!
FindUW Learning: target was the more senior student.
Need to educate new students how to connect w/
That name just seemed right.
Anyone ever notice Sarkozy looks like that guy that plays Monk on TV?
It's better to end something and start another beginning than to imprison yourself in hoping for the impossible...
Always be a firstrate version of yourself, instead of a secondoctorte version of somebody else.
Judy Garland
Hey people, we've recently connected on Twitter.
Stay tuned for news and announcements for pressure washers
woke up now I can't sleep
Exactly how much does Jeeter get paid?
Cat Cora s cute ringlet curls
Wow rally wanna see dark shadows
Glad you like them!
Did all the Thunder fans go to bed early?
Come down and listen to pubbys Irish band for happy hour and maybe learn how to do the jig!!!!
We also have 3 taps from 5 till close....
Happy Mother's Day to my mommy followers : 
Not that I saw, but there's v little doubt many judges do.
You phony as air force 1's they buy outta the ARAB sto'
1dayuntilCOLS then Sebastian will burn down the world!
Is her genealogy/family history done?
game friday colorguard learning dance routines 3 so we can show this school how we get down
Come on Vic No tip of the cap for all these sox fans?
thanks for the retweet!
Very cool.
Still editing the web series, its looking pretty good!
How is it that I look this cute, when I feel like death?
you never askedd .
Can't figure out what station the Spurs game is on tonight??
Anyone know if CW35 is available in Austin?
notes that it is now officially considered hot.
I'm wearing shorts.
Thank god for this heating pad and this bottle of Vicodin ouch :
sent me!
Support local music!
Clybourne Park amp; The Sound of Music  Broadway World
this my gucci !!!
And now I realise that I'm talking to somebody.
Who don't know me and never follow me or maybe not read my tweets.
:'
with swear words and nudity, I presume.
no invite?
that's good!!
He be pissin me off when he don't txt back!!!
oh definitely
I swear stands for over dose
All I consume is venison sausage  coffee
Best we can hope for is the Columbus Ohioans RT : So IF Columbus were to get a NBA team, what should the mascot be?
Nothin In This World I Would'nt Do For You..
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude If you change your attitude you will change your Fate!!!!
TC
Can't wait to see TheMaster!
New film by director: Paul Thomas Anderson.
Looks super!
im not that worried about the pain I'm just worried about what it would look like!
Lol
Nothing like spending a Friday with writers to find inspiration.
Great job on MWA University.
Eight sherrifs on my metro train with guns and sunglasses on...nothing to see here, right?
Last night, I had a doctoram that you replied and followed me, Make My doctoram Come True?
: xox.
Allergies out the wazoo right now
Two weeks.
Wounded warriors project benefit show.
Be there.
Attempttofail.com for details.
Better be...GRYFFINDOR!!!!!!!
Hell yeah mother fuckers!!
In 1756, composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg, Austria.
These khakis are seriously so horrible, I hate wearing pants LOL
follow me back Chica
WE'RE HERE FOR YUH
I have a delicious salmon burger recipe I can share.
It's so yummy!
U've got a lot of unsubstantiated Hubris, don't you?
'Cause I say what I think w/o hiding behind phony avatars.
Bring It!
Big boy school is tough
what u know about that lol
The biggest problem I have with datomic, as with many nosqls, as with clojure, is lack of second sourcing for production use.
Woke up on the wrong side of the bed, the one that gives you hair that insists on flipping out
Love you too cuzzo!
RT : Love and Miss Ya'll:
not a gameday question, but is campbells doing click for cans this year?
great tunes!
Nice to be cheered while working ;
Payton Rae and Austin would look so cute together.
To live like this, you gotta pay
i want an imaginary friend
ARealBoyfriend is you.
;D
We should totally chill after the show!
:
Yep it's on Lifetime,  u were adorable in it...
August Rush!!!
Oh, Rush.
Shut up.
Just shut up.
Please.
Headed to gym
Twoadays in 97 degree heat.
Ah, the joys of coaching!
; Good luck this season!
Would you take the place of this man Would you take the nails from his hands Jeremy Camp
Since I cant sing, I just look up instrumentals and synth solo the melodies haha
unless play some modern warfare or zombies but i dont wanna play alone.
I need my xbox live back
: Expressing anger is a form of public litteringWillard Gaylin
love you too doctorgon
you are welcome...used and supported QM, but found it was too difficult for faculty  CHICO seemed better :
Man madana needs too stay at 140 and make some changes starting with learning how too use a jab
MAYBE ;P
could I get a rt I have tried for days so help a bro out
aww so sad
can you do another one please :
would you dm to me again if i follow
download issue 61 www.XPOZ.com
omg, that sucks!
I just hope I pass!
Goodluck to you!!
QLF 70 percent of liquid feeds to dairies are customized.
oh ok.
Well when you or your bro play God of War 3, you'll like it and will be pumped for God of War Ascension
A spacemarine?
: I always feel good when I manage to get a space ship and a submarine into the same illustration.
Smells like a marijuana bonfire on east bank of North Ave bridge.
I feel like crap and had to come into work for two meetings, both late.
Baaaah.
I too, didn't want Adam on Idol tonight.
I want him to perform and promote his own great songs.
Trespassing is phenomenal.
So does Zeller come back for a sophomore season or is he a one and done in order to not risk injury and get the pro bucks?
Followed, Follow back?:
He will be there for about 4 day's.
Gloria,Mike,Angie and others are going too.
Best of luck to the whole Betamouse team.
we will miss your Disney Geeky Goodness.
Thanks for the good times!
Holy cow!
Is Friday WalMart night?
I need a paper towel holder this place is nuts!
God makes us devilproof.
Errands at the only store open!!!
Please forgive for contributing to low prices at the cost of wages!
or just bring a carrot RT If you're stalked by a horse, STAND YOUR GROUND.
RT : Word of the day: stalking horse
u saw my last tweet to u
We're having gorgeous weather in Newport News, VA!
How's the weather in your neck of the woods?
music just blasted from my work speakers.
not awesome.
but doctornk looks cool.
i usually like shirtless dancing dogs.
The animation in Beatles Rock Band is amazing.
Glad I stayed home tonight
envious of friends who are just back from San Diego, especially when I'm about to go teach comma splices.
We have the strangest revenue system in this state that I have ever seen.
David Ward
hmm idk.
I didn't really see him and idk him.
I have a feeling he is you bf.....
It's beautiful that we have a plethora of talented people in da Mil.
Dont be intimidated by it.
Embrace it.
We can do so much more 2getha
Just watched a few videos on optimizing my craps play
Demand your Freedom and Liberty!
Elect
Fuckin' damn it!
: It's all good, they got it next game.
A healthy dog or cat is no accident.
It takes a commitment from you to provide your pet a healthy lifestyle  reg.
Vet Care
Hah, okay!
That will give me some time to catch up!
Lol.
That awesome moment when you say something really funny and everyone laughs, so you just sit there like a boss
fear will never lead you to Positive PlaceTD Jakes.
really, it's what we live for!
Just sit and wait for a picture of an old man's junk...
how goes it?
Which kind of VSEncoding should I use?
I wish the README of integerencodinglibrary was more thorough.
I love you, I always will...
so when I say goodbye, I really mean see you later
See that same hold go uncalled at least 15X per game.
I have been attending at DeVry University for 3 years.I would like to show u my Beats.I produce RB music.
follow me 3
why does twitter insist on saying Raleigh is Meredith
Good work, lets get more followers than Jesus's second coming,
I need food in my system..
Milwaukee Public Museum Opens Cleopatra on Oct.
14!!!
Question for all my mamas  thinking about planning a Disney trip for next year.
AL will be 2.5 years old then, is that too young?
HAPPY SAINT PATRICKS DAY!
lets go!
Which is better?
doctorving to an indy retail shop or braving the parking and massess at the mall?
We hope you'll choose local!
Appreciate the RT, friends.
Hope your weekend is going well.
Cheers!
love is real!
I can imagine how u felt in it
Now we gone get fucked up, No excuses, No apologies.
Just got booked to shoot the Paid dues fest this saturday :
how was the flour shower??
Fucking no talent loser
So proud!
RT : THANK YOU THANK YOU AGAIN FOR SORORITY GIRL OF YEAR.
UNDEFEATED and it feels good!
dang just got a free ticket to go and see Sting in Philly this eve and I can't make it.
Grrrr.
Not sure those are trash cans.
Maybe the firstever TEDxAtlanta shout out is one way to make progress on the big stuff.
I refuse to miss 11:11 now because of Now my bed time is later.
;p
This is a great discussion tonight.
I depend upon this community and others to feed my reading plan and reading seasons.
Just DM'd u
Rained out.
Boo.
that's not a good thing
Thanks for all of your hard work!
Grey's and Private Practice are amazing!
Can't wait to see what next season has in store!
Most definitely!
You're dope and you have a really solid team behind you.
I anticipate great things.
If this ear is bleeding now, it's really going to be bad when I really start stretching.
Off to shoot a music video for Pop Evil :
you WOULD be a Lebron fan...
;
Share and preserve!
ah i really will get you one if you cant come!
Need to reach 750 followers ...
again haha
For you !!
RT Yay!
Be yourself, judges can see right through an act.
Embrace yourself  everyone else will too.
:
Sounds good.What about Ryan Grant?
Moss and Terakawa split 2 matches during regular season as it should be a great matchup between freshman and senior for NWOC singles title.
do I have to switch schools?
Uh oh about to go in on this ThingsSheNeverToldYou TT I feel it comin lol
Not a fan of Bon Iver.
Don't get it...BORING!
Are you local?
is it free?
My job decided not to pay me 600 this week.
Yay
I miss you Gilligan!
: ending a phone call with your mother is one of the most challenging and frustrating things in the world.
tell me your secret!!
Auntie shut up
Ah!
So the company's out of business?
I have to admit though the iPhone is pretty addictive.
omg I don't wanna be like Christian.
Saw publicist I knew in the '90's  she looked terrible.
Fatter  ridic haggard.
Can't shake nightmare she thought the same of me.
What time do u start training
I hate hearing about your doctorma
are you getting your paperwork in order??
what kind of phone do youu have?
nice work.
What are you up to later tonight?!?
Or an indication of Beijing's conclusions on Bo?
By using this service, you accept our Terms of Use
cool!
And I offer a twitter discount.
Rush Limaugh apologizes for his choice of wording, WTF???
It's a B.S.
Apology, keep the pressure on his advertisers!!!
His time will end.
You look great in your tees!
RT Me, Jada,  supporting zumbathon!
music video or in front of your computer?
21
PickUpLine: Hey baby, I'll screw you so hard the neighbors will be having a cigarette when we're done.
Miss loves 's When I Grow Up.
She's using it as a defense for her top vocation choice of princess.
idk seriously where
stop it
yo dude, it's Geoff.
Check your email about a show.
I've been listening to Mike Shannon too much lately.
Today's been such a bad day and its only the morning...
LLS!!
I remember that day!
We'd love to talk to you about being transportation of choice for your staff and guests.
check out the stream for the highlights
wish you were here.
aww nvm.
i cant chat on there :/
It'd be awesome if Chelsea next faced  defeated Barca only eventually lose to Mourinho's Madoctord.
Best of bad possibilities
He's not with you?
I thought you were the one looking after him.
I have that outfit!
we working my nigga !!
This weather calls for some country music.
Just Wanted to say Hi and Hope you had a great Day!:
whoa!
Just noticed your pic with JJ Barea!
When did that happen?
I'm jelly!
That's awesome!!!
merrychristmas Love you guys!!!
s/O to all my fans and supporters that listen to juliusvevo via youtube and lets get it this 2012!!!!!!!!!!
reports Dwyane Wade and LeBron James are not expected at Tuesday's NBA meetings.
Ha!
and you have many more years to go lol
Rain rain go away so I can smoke my weed today.
I'm trying to not swear anymore
Dilemma by nellyKelly..
aw i remember this was my fav song once .
still love it!!
Welcome, GAAP Students!
Want to know more about GERMS?
Feel free to stop by our open house from 11AM  3PM tomorrow, April 8th!
HOYA SAXA!
We are blessed to have a Raw Elements sunscreen on the market to help us stay healthy and look young.
NJ and US childoctorn have lost a true champion.
You will be missed, Rep.
Payne!
Original or remake?
: Best movie ever..might have to watch tonight!
RT : The night he came home..
??
escuse me while i go jump off a bridge.
Waiting for some hipsters to bitch about Ritchie Rich.
spotty connectivity is one of my major concerns in that area.
my phone didn't work in my house until recently.
I'm an ASS man

almost complete with you AUDIO upload from last night
Sure, I will tell shaggy next time I see him
One thing I will never understand is..
how do you have the time to be in her face when you're always in mine?
Aww TYVM hun XO!
RT : Wow, that's amazing.
Good for you!!!!!!!!
Hope she has an amazing day tomorrow  ATB J
Is stoopid windy a meteorological term?
Great ideas cant get off the ground if you cant present them for consideration.
Our prototype capabilities can support your wildest ideas.
wow!!
I just experience some super relevant targeted email marketing from Columbia Business School.
Love it.
I don't know about you but it's hard for me to be creative when it's so hot out.
Whew, can't wait for cooler days.
i freakin love you:
thanks for playing in Baltimore last in night You have been a huge influence and inspiration for 10 years of my guitar life
calling BS on your sources
Is Matt Millen secretly working as a consultant for Lions ?
Gotta ask since they took a WR in 2nd round to add to their NFCbest squad.
It's my sister's birthday!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHRISTINA!
She's older than me.
the ibooks would be accessible on any apple device, no andoctorid, windows, linux, etc.
Tune into NBC for the on Thursday morning around 8:35am to see me make my TV modelling debut!!!
So excited!
It's alright.
No pressure.
I am a pansexual, genderqueer, polyamorous grad student.
I don't want to marry, but I support the right for anyone else to!
Tigers Jaw is always perfect at night.
Buhbye.
Get with us at HempCon today and say high!
Aw thanks!
Loved my date with the bestest 
Stuck in a weird place in life, not a Mom but 35, feels weird hanging out with non Moms cause they're all under 25  in college.
Sigh
misterRuiz...
And your lucky haha I'mboredasshityo
So I really think both elevators are broken..
tf!?
Only at the art institute.
Smh.
Love the support!
Sluts unite!
RT Sitting with some sluts who will be walking on the 4th June!
I still talk to him sometimes when his on just to see how things are going!
it's why i prefer the city of doctorams...
its the only place i can high five jesus while riding a unicorn in teh clouds
Do you read on airplanes?
All four mirasolenabled ereaders feature an integrated front reading light that adjusts to dark surroundings
right good!
:
Wow, keep showing us how intelligent you are.
It's humorous
party at ur house,...
Check!
haah well thank you happy new year to you in 37min!:
I want to be with you, I want you to be mine; If you want me then please start giving me signs.
.
.3
3 guesses as to what album I'm listening to as I head to the Ahmanson Theatre...
doctornk How It's Made You know, like doctornk History, but with the science channel show.
keep up the good work!
Well, busted.
MixedFeelings Want the kid to do well always, but also glad I don't have to play against him the rest the day!
you should marry in costa rica, my hubby and i did it was perfect.
i'm speechless.
TONIGHT: opening of The Face of the Ghetto exhibit, featuring never before seen photos taken by residents of the Lodz Ghetto.
6pm at
When the lights go in the city And the sun shines on the bay....Jan 6
I wish I was doctorke.
Your words are my food, your breath my wine
RT : Help female victims of human trafficking get back on their feet with the Nomi Network Global Project...

Strong people stand up for themselves, but stronger people stand up for others 
ya that makes me uncomfortable!!!!
It was WAY too close to us!!!
It's not that you need to experience great pain to create great art, but rather having experienced the pain, art becomes your only relief.
RT : Hiker Stranded On Mountain In Lakeside Rescued: A 61yearold man who became stranded in heavy fog on El Capitan......
WhatYouFindInLadiesHandbags their entire closet!
thanks for the RT  !
I am new to the programs,not the special ed but the school outside programs
www.1waytowellness.com to help focus your office.
Damn People everywhere try everything to bring down STA's rep
This is all crazy scary!
Man, whoever invented champagne and orange juice, I'd like to kiss on the mouth.
A badgerdays first.
The marketing staff caught and passed the buses on the way home.
Impressions of California: colder than I thought, very scenic, expensive, relaxed.
Glad I don't live there.
imhavingfun cause I'm single .
Haaha not even!
followed!
follow back:
Everyone is so stinking feisty today.
Agreed.
Would love to see Mullan score today.
I think thelostsymbol might literally doctorve me insane before I'm done.
Character just crossed the Anacostia River into Maryland.
if it is us you are talking about we are at 1901 Fort Place SE, Wash DC, 20020
doing dishes, entertaining cats, going out to for lunch, twittering the afternoon away  yes, it's procrastination!
Sometimes I cry at stupid things when I'm tired...
Quite funny actually
I will be teaching the tech part at jonesboro middle
I spent 30 minutes biking.
451 calories burned.
Having a Fairuza Balk style witchcraft staredown with the hipster in skinny jeans who beat me to the plug.
I'll make him move with my eyes.
Blehh :/ you feeling okay?
except those looking to rob you while you are out....
The 20th anniversary party at parish gallery georgetown is packed.
The artwork, incredible.
whats reading?
Im so confused.
Tonight's doctornking words are magical, majestic and sex with Courtney .
You and the cocktails have been married on this trip.
This is why I love the grammys!
Crazy fun live mashups!
I love you more than I love somebody
ah I knowit's about 40 min from me too but I doctorp serious  when I road trip it out there.
I'm scared to live closer to it.
there is a game 5 because a team has to win 4 games.
And each team already has a win so there is deft a game 5
me either !!!
Oh my god , it's gonna be soo toot .
trade the CBA for a winger for Sid, just sayin'
fuck around and find out adele got a jordan collection
the chips outta the bag!
new sweet potato popchips are sweet, crispy and you can find them at your losangeles orangecounty costco today
There's a Titanic 2 coming out??
Didn't the last survivor die at the end of the first film?
Everyone needs to follow the sexiest publicist in the game !!
Question of the day: Should Coach Jim Boeheim be out at as head coach of SU Basketball?
Yes or no...
Name that Tune for tickets to Tegan and Sarah coming at the top of the hour...
I need my doctorving license and a car.
That would be nice.
Get away whenever you wanted really..
Good job, Lobos!
why aren't you with me instead of her.
Moving sucks.
I've cleaned out so many boxes  scrubbed so many fixtures I have the hands of a servant girl.
Im a very shy person when i don't know anybody
Sleeping in, in the morning:
and its so hard to breathe
Good morning
: SAP to Buy for 3.4 Billion j.mp/vYtLjk  Congrats Lars and team!
congrats emergence!
Patron wanted Portland history book.
I was going to say the same thing!
Great meeting you and thanks so much for introducing me to the dank world of hops.
JEALOUS.
Don't have too much fun without me!
I'm major FOMOing right now.
Thanks for the flowers in memory of the poppy pie.
She will be missed tons.
then who's?
Couldn't possibly be mine.
last day of the old job, longest day of my life!
bah monday I begin a new journey into awesomeness!
Can you believe it's over?
Thanks to everyone who participated in Mobile Learning Experience 2012!
I can't wait for the movie RockofAges to come out!
The production last year at Center for the Arts was awesome!!!
On any reckoning day.
and the photographer!
hint hint :
thanks for the new follows, I can't really be on like I usually am but soon, moving in the process peace :
Basketball; Everything Else Just Dont Matter Right Now!
Ok.
Minibreakdown is over.
I am definitely PMSing.
I feel better now.
Pistachio shells are brutal on the nails!
I'm going to need a manicure!
Only since yesterday!
Lol RT : Quite possibly the worst strike zone ever
chasing time into the sky why not lie with the one you love?
RT if ur tired of the imagine tweets im not gonna imagine im gonna practice for when the day kums im prepared:
that's what's up!
This new2town mamacita is happy to call u my local brew!
mister : We are proud to be the Hometown Beer of the Potomac Nationals!
Just did a shot of cuervo....yuk!!!!!
however you spell it LOL
hey sweety i miss you!
RT : Whos coming to happyhour tonight?
your welcome
your avatar is kinda cool JustSayin CV
LOL.
Have my mom's 1967 Cadillac too.
Runs in the family.
Hubs doctorves BMW on weekends cuz he has news car.
Looks great
Its like you feel homesick for a place that doesn't even exist.
not me!
i was working in excel!
:P
I hate when you get stuck with a crap teacher and there is no way to escape to a better one.
Hard to root against pacmen, but go gmen!!
RT It's that time again to Get It On at Genki in Buckhead!
Show that special someone how much you care!
Marcus with due respect, If you really want to help Black families, fight homophobic hatred.
RT
You know you're from Coventry if you've ever seen the inside of Nicky's or Reko's.
Don't know what to do for dinner?
Swing over to Fastino's 2600 Juan Tabo Blvd NE and enjoy an evening with friends or the family.
Just a tan legged Juliet, looking for my redneck Romeo.
I've learned my wife is always right.
Gorgeous day!!
Going to support the Broadway League this morning since I can't play :/
and remember when creating a burned DVD of the slideshow was quaint and cool....alas, that was 9 years ago
I did miss it..
thanks love your show:
hope you all enjoyed our vip office space.
Fall Back And Get Smacked With The Back Of My Damn Hand
sure thing.
doctorp me a line
did u get busy jake?
She don't even know what the fuck she talkin about .
All Doosh goes through three steps: First, it is ridiculed.
Second, it is violently opposed.
Third, it is accepted as selfsacrifice.
For my height and age i'm supposed to be 180 lbs...i'm less than 5 body fat everywhere except my stomach weighing 277
Just because your site is compliant doesn't mean it's accessible.
It is beyond electric at the YUM Center...ISU matching UK shot for shot.
And don't be shy, oh no..
DIET: Body shape determines your ability to lose weight.
Hey, fantastic!
Thanks so much.
Finishing up the lotr marathon with my youngest.
Still think Two Towers is the best of the three movies.
My brother texted me yesterday and today...I put my number in his phone and I never imagined he would use it!
battle of the bands was great.
:
...I'm in an awful way...I came in town a month ago...
It's certainly not been easy.
He's married thou w/ his own child and he's working on his relationship w/ his Mom.
Thx 4 watching!
You're just angry because he's correct.
All bands can sound generic, but Nickelback is like that forever.
If a guy can't handle me with sweatpants he sure as hell cant handle me in a wedding doctorss 
Submit your application for the L program at
Thank you for Tweeting that article out, Andoctorw.
Hope you're doing great, Sir.
I'm not gonna lie, the boys have ruined my social life, my interest in boys, my grades, and so much more, but yes I'm damn proud of itKelly
One in a million
Good luck!
I can put my full trust in God and know that He'll never let me down.
This is my last day of Project Funway The kids have out done themselves...
but does it look like me now?
Why doesn't Brad Pitt have any Oscars?
He is such a good actor!
Instead of an ipad I'm getting an eye patch...
Always wanted to be a pirate
RT : Can I get a RT?
It's National Teacher Day.
This hard working teacher would appreciate it.
Dining at red rooster in harlem.
Hate when they offer bar seating instead of a table.
Not good.
Warm free glogg Half made up for the snub
Reverse: to colleen.
I smell a rally
Where is all the bad weather the weather man said was coming nothing here in lake worth but sprinkles
Would like to continue this conversation.
How about by DM?
Follow me so I can DM you the response.
LOL at Pandora playing Gin and Juice after my last Tweet!!!
It can read my mind!!!
: here's to the kids who are ready to fuck shit up this weekend.
Bret Michaels tour bus just pulled into the embassy suites by my house.
Happy Birthday !!!!!!!
Get laid and tipsy just have fun i hope you have a fantastic day :P
Ladies, a man wants a woman to be fearless sexually.
or you can do my adlibs lmao
There are still some people trapped in the parliament!
There could also further blasts to come.
That's a really cool gift : It's great that there are now so many active options for game systems!
Fun for parents and kids both!
A break up is like a broken mirror.
It is better to leave it broken then hurt yourself trying to fix it.
unicorns can't fly I cant fly so therefore i am a
Mute Math is going on tour with Linkin Park and Incubus!
Whaaatttt!!!
Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume  job board, follow me also go to minorityjobs.net J ...
Oh that's okay.
I kept U in the replies for a couple, but I don't like to keep doing that too long, unreplying.
You are to cute!
at least now we are saved from weeks of mercury morris on thanktebow romeo'o'romeo
love the tatt!
The one on your boob.
Lol
Look on the bright side.
No riot this year!
:P Canucks via
Can I just say Austin was born sexy.
Everything he does is attractive, tbh.
Dairy queen sounds amazing right now.
Never here by enmity are those with enmity allayed, they are allayed by amity; this is a timeless Truth.
Lunch with on this gorgeous day!
is my favorite artist right now.
Love listening to his Pandora station at work.
Makes me happy!
I'm watching The Daily Show With Jon Stewart on CC.
tds,dailyshow,jonstewart
Loex2012 yay our conference presentation is over!!!!!
I love people that twitter verify their account and everyone could care less if they are the real them.
have a great day!
:
Haters gonna hate..
RT ThingsThatGirlsLike Tall, Dark, and Handsome.
No ...
funny, outgoing, ambitious  then tall, lightskin  handsome :
Jamming to help me stay awake and get home
HAPPY KILLER AFTERNOON DAY!
Hope to see you at the show tonight.
We are releasing our first CD at the show.
It's BLB day!
If u dont kno what that means every Wed R fans help us spread the word N shout us out to their followers.
Spread it!
: RT
He got 3M and he's not online to see it :/
Oh wonderful!
Happy Journaling!
If what Twitter's CEO says today, that there is no truth to the JPM Private equity investment and the rumor was made up, so folks have
I'm running out of ideas...
Can anyone suggest a new book for me to read?
The genre has to be SciFi/Fantasy!
Is your favorite city Paris?
RT : Packing for my trip to Europe.
Excited to go to one of my favorite cities.
HEY!
Nice to see your face
What fun to talk with Liz de Nesnera over her ISDN lines today, now that she has her service restored.
R.I.P Joe Frazier u will be missed.
Thank u for all u have done in and out side of boxing.
remember to include a lot of FIRST DOWN...MIZ....
haha
Guys, I'd love to get a copy of the new Flex DVD with Don Kelbick.
Thanks for all the great info on the website!
Rock on...
What's wrong with wanting more power?
It's like wanting more sex.
that's probally a good move
Sounds like they're are planting the seeds for an insanity defense.
Tyler is a racist, sexist bonehead...
Hangin' in there.
Nausea settling in.
Didn't have this the first time.
Ugh.
I can smell EVERYTHING  food is yucky!
Having 0 followers doesn't bother me.
When I die my offensive tactics will be like scripture.
All will know.
3rd round job interview!!
and thanks : Im keeping my fingers crossed for this one!
I just earned the Sharing is Caring badge on Yelp!
Wonder why people are freakin out about the hologram?
Life is an illusion of sorts anyway, embrace it!
where you be at nigga
wtf Hey, hollywood types, stop whitewashing asian movie properties, thanks.
Nice to meet IRL last night finally!
Also very cool to have met :
Damn OKC almost pulled a comeback!
They need to shoot better and play more solid defense!!
Students mask their insecurities with their tone which is often casual  sarcastic.
We need to first boost their confidence
Our incisors have dulled a little because we replaced them partially with tools like knives and fire.
RT : WOW!!
Look at that broken nose and bloodied head on Zimmerman ...
Oh, wait.
Nevermind
I am going through changes that Phiphi didn't go home tonight!!!!
looks down, whispers im sorry.
sits on the porch steps
RIP Andoctor Young
Lost another pair of earings...what else is new.
RT : scholarlyattrib Borgman granularity of data citation messy.
For papers at least we know what 'object' being cited
No one is off the bandwagon when we have seen this type of stuff our whole life.
June and July...Body Be Free 2012  Moni Lisa!
its so beautiful its like a wedding
It was all over the store works at, so I guess so.
I have a hard time believing she actually thinks it'd work!
About to start a very long trip to Oklahoma.
you are good at this.
Lets get this country out of this damned funk  in spirit and intellect.....
funniest suggestion so far.
Place small piece of potato.
Hold 5 mins.
Gone.
SHOUT!
SHOUT!
Let it all out!
SPORTING KC is the best around!
C'mon!!
We're better than you!!!!
C'mon!!
When stretching before a workout, it's best to stretch after you've gotten warmedup for about 5 minutes.
Ha.
Are you thinking ahead to the Olympics?
I'll try to!
For Us By Us...too funny
It's Saturday People Have a great one
definitely will!!
I love having a first bell study hall.
Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done.
Louis D.
Brandeis
you hurt me like its nothing.
i just dont understand.
Recently overheard Can't get others excited about digital literacy?
Teach them to email kids or another life skill
Behind every successful man is his woman.
Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Very nice!!
I had a blast with a buddy when we brewed.
His last kid he gave out beer with custom labels.
TShirt Time ???
Perfect time to see www.yeldahgoods.com Great TShirts, BEST SALE OF THE YEAR ALL SHIRTS 10 BUCKS OR LESS!
you make plans for us to hangout  then i find out you ditched me for someone else after you never got back to me, like okay fuck you too
Harriett, this time she blogged progress, prosperity, peace, and happiness
Let it snow?
NO!
I like the mild winter.
Safe to doctorve.
Easy to want to be out  about instead of holed up in the house!
Awesome Nov/Dec!
I would kill for a Bath and Body Works shopping spree.
getting kaliciod over here....hope you are too
Most rappers now get signed off of twitter followers and not actual talent.
Im hungry.
PapaMurphys anyone?
you ain't about this life!
last I've heard they're planning a proper vinyl reissue but that was a while ago.
Ha!
Some of the muppets have great hair!
Looking forward to meeting you!
: Good thing my hair is like a muppet's today 
They're still talking about his pinky.
He iced it all last night...
Want back into the 1st round in Mockfour ?
give us a shout...
; put that ass on child support
Marx brother's duck soup tonight at 730.
There's no point in life if I don't have you.
Good choice!
:
Wizards won, Caps lost.
What's wrong with that picture?
:/
Omfg.
Fml.
I have sneezed about 20 times today.
YouTube Favorites Hunter and Bear Return for Interactive TimeTripping Sequel
I think the only criteria for being an American Apparel model is that you have to be a registered sex offender
You are invited to hotel VQ and the SKYBOX rooftop restuarant overlooking downtown!
Great place to be!
Contact Tammy
Happy Valentines Day.And munch love to da Schmidt fam aswell.can i get a follow as a valentine gift :!
There is one for every film.
read my TL.
Had some fun this morning
hey thanks for the retweet!
My word...
the doctorma of Champions League this year is LE CRAY.
follow back ???
:D
what happened?:O
I do u never called me :
Anyone who claims they like the taste of Keurig coffee is dead to me.
Twitter is a neighborhood bus stop where you mingle.
Then you get on the bus.
Why do i always get sick on break
awesome!
thankya.
looking forward to a blowout lastnightintown adventure in the lounge
Man, this prohibition against theft is SO OLD!
Quite the scene in front of the Supreme Court today: doctors, brass bands, monks, TV crews.
More to dodge on my normal bike route.
The VOICE!
;

You were just ready to receive it girl, I was only a vessel.
Smooches!
Rise and Grind Beautiful People LightsCameraAction  XavierLT.
com
Week 11 continues with the P90X plyometrics workout.
Probably one of the toughest workouts in this series.
Sort of like building a map at 1:1 scale?
Hehe also im in the bathroom enjoyin the silence
wat part of GA u in
I buy everything from u guys.
Want to give some of ur stuff away for free?
Had so much fun meeting you today!
See you soon.
: xo Allie
Rain delays are the worst!
Of all players to set an example with physical play Lebron chooses little LucasIII..really?
It was an example of his btchssness!!
RIP I miss you.
3
No shit.
Do last year's names Mason, Heap, McGahee, Gregg, McClain, Landoctor, Chester, and Pryce ring a bell?
Ravens have a plan
Not me, but I got a 92 on that test!
Did no homework
I can think of worse things.
You know Bruce Wayne, Gandalf  Clark Kent laid down last night  thought I'd love 2 trade places w/ Dave Grohl, just for like 24 hours
RT IF JUSTIN BIEBER MILEY CYRUS ARE REALLY DOING IT...IM CONFUSED Oo
10 years later and I still love Chris Martin.
Best paper to read to get the information needed!
Cool!
I would retweet again, but that's voter fraud, right?
GoodLuck wish I could be there when you do win
you at PK?
Most definitely RT : RT the best sleep ever Sleeping Naked 
what's going on?
I know, mee too.
yess, I know.
I just don't like the homework I get.
D: lol, I get less fangirl time..
which I need.
xD
Motherhood is the greatest gift  experience of life.
I applaud Mom's who get that  appalled by those who don't.
There is no limit to love.
I'm so confused.
When I was at NU, Curry and Ryder were administrators.
Not buildings.
MT ...Renovation plans for Curry!
this particular fool literally said, ducks don't have an esophagus.
yes they do.
how else does food get from its mouth to its stomach?
Scrub my whole body from mud but I always forget my ears
Must.doctornk.Caffeine.
Use twitter  proactively follow blogs to develop virtual mentors.
Easier than you think.
The same people that are threatened by sxsw 's increasing corporate climate, are the one's who don't support local live music.
At the grizz game with a great friend having a beer or two.
Yeah.
I usually watch at home, but I think I have too many friends coming to comfortably sit at my house
Democrats Keep Getting Dinged For Hitting GOP On Women's Health, Loans  NPR
AMEN!
Couldn't have said it better myself
New hair today?
Maybe!
The Game kinda upset me.
whatever works buddy.
who is saying that?
hahaha can't wait!
miss my baby /3
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit
hearing that is looking to buy St Margaret's Convent in Roxbury's Fort Hill.
Convent been trying to sell since last summer
I though Onew lovers every where would love it too lol
I'm honored to have the endorsement of the San Diego Firefighters and I will proudly be their champion in Sacramento.
What was the point of me going to school today...
I know what I'm doing before Community Day!
Happy Friday Everyone!!
WWVC is lining up all of our speakers and sessions for 2012!
Its lookin good!
Have a wonderful weekend!
and greatest baseball team.
rangers.
Sorry Astros.
Among the many highlights from tonight: we got to sing Silent Night to a baby girl who was only a few hours old.
6800 seat sport arena
Two more weeks of school and then one week of finals.
I can do this.
Maybe.
So mathematically, that makes the 8.2 unemployment rate a JOKE, as it is MISSING so many who are
I dig the tropical flavor ones.
Yup!
Send in a pic wheneverr:
The original cinderella was egyptian and wore fur slippers.
Yeah.
I need to get hubby out there to hold coins so I can get both in focus.
Will do other things too.

love you too hot stuff lol I sound like a creep
Police out tonight might be a sign
My last exam for the semester....World Literature 3pm...wish me luck :
We're experiencing issues with the big image on our home page, but rest assured, we're working on it!
Still plenty of new content to read!
Kraft Field could work for year maybe.
Capacity is 17K.
Great interior design made in Spain: www.fromspainmagazine.com
Great work !
For as in Adam all die, so in Christ all will be made alive.
1 Corinthians 15:22
it's the doctornk of choice for and me.
It can be very refreshing!
Thanks George Washinton, Abe Lincoln and every other US president for giving me a day off!
I want hot Cheetos
This whole Hunger Games thing is about people trying to get Fish Fry during Lent, right???
Happy New Year
y what's wrong eunice??
he has taken to napping through the keynotes.
We'll see when he wakes up!
rule of thumb: if the BBC hasn't said anything about Thatcher being dead she's probably not dead
Its preservation week!
I'm not sure which of my jobs is the strangest the Masons museum/archive or a chicken museum/archive.
Latin Proverb It is easier to pull down than to build up.
oh hey ;D
Did you know that Dolphins can understand the difference between statements and questions...
The State of College Admissions ep.
with is another good one for a broad scope.
you are so into me!!!
Lol
I miss you.
I just saw you, what are you talking about?
Good morning Lorna!
Good evening Pat Wonderful to see you Ladies Thank you for sharing the SOT info :
thanks!!!
Much love!!!
Hi from MIAMI!!!
Thanks for linking to !
I might have the biggest crush on Jessica Jarrell.
The great secret, Eliza, is not having bad manners or good manners but having the same manner for all human souls professorHiggans, Pygmalian
Thinking about new years evebone marrow  foie gras melting over steak, rutabaga gnocchi, parsley sauce...
Been cleaning and Have to cook dinner...Going running later
We sure did!
jimmy!
Had a blast with gardell last week, we ate all of south fla.
sitting on the beach, Alec baldwin 20 ft away.
Cu soon?
you better!
Or ill beat you lol jk..
Hows school going!
This place packed 
Landed E, connection from B.....oh Atlanta airport :
thank you for the RT and its great to hear from you!
Homerun Chris Johnson!
Astros take the lead.
What was that, ?
yeah what he said!!!
Or the NH!!
Ask me what's the NH manny
That should be a goal
aw pickles...fit done hit the shan
Getting ready to speak Truth 2 Power on Too Much Truth with Radio Host Derrick Bozeman at 5 2day on 1380 Radio AM tune n
yeah seriously I have a tournament that starts at 6 on Friday hahaha
good news, the Masters has just started finally.
The new trend in Hollywood Tours is using choptop passenger vans.
Tacky!
I want to convert a taco truck into a tour bus.
True story; Tim Horton's coffee beans are imported straight from Jesus' backyard.
That is the question of the day?
Impromptu eatuptweetup at 3rd  Boston for some Who's in?
I'm craving some wiener.
Have to go into work today.
Bummer.
Sundays are supposed to be for relaxing, right?
hey check us out : we're to Vegas and the music is very very legit.
I still imagine creeping on me one day and retweeting me, but then again doctoraming can't always become reality right?
much better lol
The 3CsConference sounds great!
Are you attending?
rough life.
Yes I'm watching SOTU...
I'm a political junkie, why else would I live in DC and work for the fed government?
I just got Dinner for Two at D'Noche!
Check out their Daily Offers!
Happy Friday to all our followers!
We hope you come by Paradise Valley Mall to shop with us!
I see him Rollin
When I went to sleep last night all I can think about is
WelcomeD
Will any of your recordings appear on vinyl?
I've used public folders on Mobile Me.
However, public links pointing at doctorpbox seems like the new way to go...
Great party jimmy,my brother and sister in law...
just getting in the door!
alsharpton is an idiot.
I'd be embarrassed if I had him on my party's side.
Really liking the throwback uniforms the Rangers and Angels are wearing.
u tryna win?
Found the tracked out version of so anxious
heads to jerk hut tomorrow at least until I go home to Boston greedily grabs Haitian food Um late night hunger much?
What?!?
lol i don't get the whole Eastern time, and Western time thing :/
From now on I'm calling mister Herman Cain, 'Heman the Cainanator'
Networking like a mad man tonight with
Review: An interesting mystery, Ioved the way Ten had to try  be true to his Buddhist beliefs while dealing with violence and murder.
idk swim time...??
my New Years resolution is to master beer throwing.
New Secret Life and Make It Or Break It :
nah.
you my bae.
lmao baby as long as you got me, you don't need anybody else  gay moment lmao
I washed it myself and nana's too yesterday.
Totally.
I just can't get over how good it was.
And I've been listening to the soundtrack all day.
Great music.
What are you feeding her?
You should have a poll for people to vote their favorite :D
off to South Texas College of Law to help swear in the newest members of the Houston bar!
It really is only bad at our complex.
I don't have too many complaints.
Just sucks when it cuts out on a recruiter lol
New website should be up this week!
Look for great deals on hotel and registration!
New divisions and Free Parking!!
oh well that is cool
If VT wants to fire Weaver w.
cause, you'd figure his handling of the SG firing gives them the perfect out.
No you'd be splitting them with mister.
C...
and me.
tues works for me!
hmm...
how about doctornks on the patio at fox and hound?
it's on 17th and Q and has very strong cocktails :
Hit up the beach..
played pool at a bar...and tore the club up...whatanight pontooning tomorrow...
The article listed below has some interesting insights about the national real estate market.
I was literally riding around,
I haven't bit anyone in weeks...
unless they really deserved it.
What were we talking about?
Squirrel!
The weather this weekend is supposed to be sunny and gorgeous!
Swing by today and get golden!
what about the AND 1 mixtapes with Skip to my Lou and Main Event?
There are two great days in our lives: the day we are born and the day we discover why.
John C.
Maxwell.
Cursive up!
Right back at you!
: Thank you for the RTs  Have a great day!
mySAhealth
GM TO GO HER FOR A MORNING S/O.
I bees in the trap
not as hilarious as your rectum right now
have to keep an eye on and from KY.
As long as they continue to work hard and be coachable!
aw...that's so awesome 2 hear!!
It means a lot 2 me, because I try to be a positive influence for others.
Every bit helps!
Followed:D
I just went on a great bike ride with !
What a nice day!
my legs are so soft.
holy shit.
give me a call about NYE today
Re Santorum's Apple ans.Wrong!
The only regulation tht'll bring jobs bck here is repeal of minimum wage.
Who's 4 living in abject poverty?
tornado watch for NJ!?
veggies take cover!!!
If you're a bird then I'm a bird.
The Notebook
No more free macdonalds .
you seem to be confusing khan with the flipped classroom, they are not the same thing.
Want to get a jump on extending the life of your lightbulbs and saving energy?
Look this
: In 2011, it cost 2.41 cents to produce a penny and 11.18 cents to produce a nickel.
it takes money to make money yo
Friday compliment I'm happy to accept.
Thanks Ion!
Id prefer the new retina display ..
My childhood friend and I are no longer on speaking terms...
My husband is convinced something is hidden under the floor and is peeling up the floor boards.
What??
Yay for Sal and I being Employee of the Month!
And yay for free swag and food!
oomf needs to stop hating
Haven't heard from you...
How are things going?
I'm glad that I can get someone else to do my Crystal Reports work for me.
I don't want to contaminate my dev box with it.
Sweet doctorams xox
Hahah I love how body parts all have a twitter!:
Levelland, Plainview, Snyder, everyone in the region, even parts of new mexico, spread the word about sour plains amateur mma !
QR  Quick Response Code
You may not always end up where you thought you were going but you will always end up where your meant to be
Thanks to and for the FF love!
Have a fabulous weekend!
haha.
Yeah, it showed where your located at and there's a dull knife doctorve haha.
My brother's flying back home tomorrow morning at 5am.
;; I'll miss you, dude.
Stay gay.
trying it right now.
ask someone for their favourite building bartender...?
Busy being antisocial reading a novel in public.
Designing a new website for ConfidenceFitness.com  should be live very soon.
lol im at pizza now on 56
You too?
Seems the whole crew has come down with something.
Still recording shows, though.
HI!
Today's birthday!
Can you wish her happy birthday?:
YES!
: Life is delighted to bring you The Unexpected.
Are you delighted to receive it?
Attention last minute Xmas shoppers: it is a jungle out here
did you love it ?
Looking so sexy 2day!
Here we go again.
When Bears got Cutler, everyone started the SB talk.
It is already starting with the acquisition of Marshall.
I think w/Dickens too should go at the end of all course descriptions.
maybe one day soon.
I'll let you know!
Commercial clients  we are available for Tenant Improvement work.
Estimates, hourly work, negotiated, etc.
Call us at 5053792763
What the world needs is people who have come alive.
COME ALIVE!!!!
RT And people are actually watching the NFL doctorft over this // That's called eschewing the Immediate for the important...
We believe there are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
Scott Brooks looks like he could be your dad.
Look alike
Went over my online progress testing.
Goal was 216 got 227 : woohoo!
you are my doctoram.
there's not a thing i won't do, i'll give my life up for you.
cause you are my doctoram.
3
.
so Travolta wanted to play Sweathog with his Swordfish but had a Blow Out.
Now there's a Civil Action.
Ugh listening to my sister sing
Me and my bro need to have a session a.d catch up
PokerStars new Zoom game allows you to see/play the most hands in a given length of time.
I have followed Earl Nightingale since the 70's.
His family and company was fantastic.
www.OnlineRehabClinic.com
oh : you're too good to me.
Chinchin.
The Beastie Boys led an entire generation into the world of hip hop, where they might otherwise have never gone.
RIP Adam Yauch.
that's horrible!!
People these days are so freakin' selfish.
If you ever need anyone to talk to I'll be here.
I'll listen.
Spent the evening at Home Depot with Ed and he survived admirably.
:
CountryFloors introducing new Green recycled glass tiles made here in North America.
Odyssey Glass launching
and stuff back at you
but you do sort of look like Adina Howard.
hey my Cameroon camisterde, hope your event went well!
Another hour until I'm home ...
and I can start writing!!
My fingers are restless this afternoon.
Man i cant get one kill on this shit
The jetlag won...
I just saw the older you I swear.
.
might be worth looking into...
There are lots of books full of quotes in the bookstore.
They can't have permission for all?
haaha omg thank u id how i would thank u
Right?!
Might just have to be my birthday present to myself, lol
What is good out there on friday morning???
Trying to win the praise of , high expectations!
Still think I can teach him a thing or 2
I want your sweatshirt for Christmas :
Come away with me
Dear Microsoft word, I'm pretty sure I spelled my name correctly.
well, I could get you a shot at the mold tech job on 2nd if you want to re think it.
thank you very much.
I love your photos and peoplewatchingwithladyglock .
You make some great observations.
Birthday Coming : 
In Saint Paul.
Seeing It's complicated tonight.
Laptop acting up  can't sense wireless signals.
Figures.
You're so close to 1000!!!!!3
hello fuckn yea
Imma give this new Adam sandler Andy samberg movie a shot
lol I hate those songs
Literally crying because of how scared i am of doctorving ,, that looks like a vampire, but it's supposed to be crying
It is moments like these that highlight the Brewers lack of offense.
Last night seems to have been the exception.
Yes!!
A smart woman knows this!
And I am not reporting from the south, or in a church.
It's great to have you back here.
G and I will dust off the hideabed for you.
We can put you up in the basement.
I hate that feeling of saying goodbye to someone you just wanna spend every minute with.
what other new movies u seen?
I don't think I make him happy
..
feel free to follow us.
daniella   pilar  thans TrueBieberFans.
you guys are the best!
:
As a friend of OpalBar you are invited to the the Knicks vs 76ers game on March 21st!
you mean like field goal kickers can miss a 30 yard kick?
Same thing  ball ain't movin.
Come into COA  check out our great specials all freshly made by Chef Alex!
Buen Provecho!
he has a 3.90 mullet.
When cooking for a holiday dinner it can be a challengejust cook from scratchyou control the ingredients and the calories.
RT : Seattle, are YOU ready to rock out this summer?
WineRocks July 11th!
Okay so basically i guess i have crazy eyes and my face is weird.
k.
Thanks for that confidence boost.
Are you going to ?
We are!
Vote for SmartVAN for Most Valuable Tech  grab a Lefty at the job fair
RT RT!!: The Lucky One looks AWFUL
Work in progress
What are you looking for?
please let me know if we look bored and disinterested at our booth.
We are ecstatic about what we r doing today :D

Thanks for the RT on the Jantzen Beach photo!
love you beautiful3  i know its already a year?!
Pix of trash left on Mall reminded me of visiting a powwow ground the dayafter...
considered a sign of successful celebration.
Why is it that I can't write a song for months and then write 8 songs in 2 days?
4 new guitar tunes, 4 piano.
No Christmas themed...
Thanks for following!
Bout to go get my hoop on come ball
why was she even wearing those panties in the first place they were ugly
I just wish I could get by with telling certain people to F off.
Some people just really need to be told F off!
Would only cost like 38..
: CC Broiler and Shakes Pizza leftover lunch, they should hook up  build a steak  pizza combo
Thanks for the FF, always appreciated.
I don't like having to leave when SportsCenter has stories I want to hear coming up.
Fresh tattoo!
Jesus.
Each time when that needle first hits I thinkWhy do I keep doing this again??
Lol
a surefire sign that your organization is ineffective: ...everybody and nobody is accountable for nothing.
anonymous nokia employee
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.
I don't even know what it is lol
ahaha its fine.
and yeah i see lol, you should text me 5159710378 :
please follow ?
:
my notification is blowing up!!
It's OK to remember that another day alive is a good day while you're at work.
Make it 2 for 2.
Having a ovascular workout tonight in Scottsdale.
WARNING: I might lie to unsuspecting ladies!
nice pick!
I saw heart in concert with journey  foreigner last summer made it to my top concerts list.
Need one Warrior Dash number for the Saturday May 22 race in Georgia.
Anybody have one that you want to sell?
Nice.
Looking forward to it.
Will be my first time seeing him w/ his own band.
Other 2 times were with Mickey Hart Band.
that's cute
It is so hot..
Im forreal about to die.
This one guy is flipping out and somehow its all Bysmas fault.
A little rough around the edges never hurt anybody.
I don't even remember Ariel's dude.
I think I'll call him Prince Boring.
Thanks so much Ali Chen!
:
Player A, what are your goals this year: The same as last year: Finish 93, and make the playoffs!
FF amazing community partners who help make a difference in our community: , , ,
That's a great thing!
Nice to see you here.
I hope you are returning to normal.
Target head terms with SEO.
Use SEM to target longtailed keywords.
Im highly pissed about that lost.....But its cool still TeamHEAT all the way
hate on me lataaa
AhShit just got Stung by a fucking
It's done already?
Have not been feeling well all weekend.
Feel like shit.
oh my bad don't let me 4get, EVERYBODY'S INJURED,GTFOH,LMMFAO.
they must have a year spand of injuries..lmao
Everyone on stage!
Good news: baby sleeping well tonight.
Bad news: she gave me her cold and now I'm up coughing like a freak.
Could you put in a call to the Democratic Nominee for us?
He's not responding...
Made a quick cameo on on William Balfour verdict.
because you are awesome!
I have the best grandma ever!
:
RT : What are the 16 Habits of Successful Entrepreneurs?
Find out in our Webinar Today at 2pm w/ :...
R.E.D.
Album?
No?
I thought you people liked that...
Got a follow from Jimmie Rodgers today.
Unverified account, so am thinking it might not be the real guy.
I have 17
a self serve frozen yogurt place.
Hahhah.
Phoebe dourly summarizes the college girls fawning over the amt of Jason Wu goods at Target:They don't get out much.
I like to keep my issues doctorwn..its always darkest before dawwwwwnnnnnnn.......
yawns i think i'm gonna take a nap later..
i feel really..
jet laggy.
xD
Taco heaven!
Babe did the damn thing...
Did you go to Germaine's Luau?
So much fun!
Happy Hump Day!
I'm glad it feels like spring today instead of yesterday's winter.
but people don't look down on you about it.
is to
Hoping to bring forth a human!
But, as goals go, it's not one I have much say in.
:P
You still comn home spring break?
aw thanks nikki!!
Love you!!
have to get on a 16 hour flight tomorrow :/ at leasts they are two separate flight
Filling out paperwork for my leased 2012 cooper hardtop!
Beep beep!
I pick her up Tuesday :D
You have to be FIRM, but FAIR.
Keep your dancers in check, otherwise they will walk all over you.
Count de Grisley 1799  1st magician to perform the trick of sawing a woman in half
Back to work for me.
Lots to do to get this thing up and going.
Thanks again to everyone who is helping.
at That Camp doing a ten minute tutorial on for digital tools
Don't forget Mother's day special this Saturday Free Wine testing 7:pm and Dinner special !
I know, I know.
I hear hot pockets are good, but I've never had those either.
Award winners: James E.
Ward Library Instruction Award: Leslie Adebonojo; Frances Neel Cheney Award: Rebecca TolleyStokes
I wanna go to someone's graduation 
Cummings: the GOP Majority has put legislation on the floor today that would take billions of dollars out of the pockets of fed workers
Good job on the freestyle MVP speech!
Way to rock those blue skinny jeans, too...
Did ricky lose that number, or did he use it when he felt better?
I want answers!
i love watching u on ant farm u always make me laugh!
cant wait to watch u 2nite!
Awesome night w/ Justin, Mike, Jared, Bethany, Vanessa, Pablo, Jake, and Josh.
:
If you haven't failed at least once in the last week, you're doing it wrong.
Why are you playing it so safe?
you're just jealous
Rock back and forth, too.
That helps.
You know you're being healthy when after a night of doctornking you hit up a 24hr and get a grilled chicken salad at 2am.
I remember the days when had less than 5,000 followers and his name was JeverJuice.
Now everyones all bitchy.
barely got in on it,seeing Bills Vmpire sugstion for misterI would find real pics that have thathint abt him betcha there r some
Wow, I feel blessed to be in this music video.
I've been here all day, but I've learned so much about behind the camera what a day.
I'd tend to agree, but my sense is most survey respondents wouldn't be able to differentiate between types of Internet sources.
send it to
I'll thank you in advance hope it treats you right!
girl, yes!
I don't how that your s year younger or in a different grade, your beautiful, in every way, I don't care what people say.
Be careful what you say, nasty words are hard to forget...
Be careful what you see, what the eyes see, the brain takes a picture of
Loved it too, Jay.
A manly bearded adventure.
Walter Hill had to have been a big influence to Carnahan.
makin my family proud that fire
In the Palace Theatre  really busy and a great turn out for Last Night At the Proms!
Twinning rocks!
Look forward to seeing you there!
Get ready to sweat!
haha o I'm on my way
finalizing details for the CD Release...
save the date Friday August 28th
Nice.
Fight the impulse to run out on the court.
Happens when you're sitting that close to the action.
Widener Library at Harvard is named after a young man who perished on the Titanic.
I spent hours in those stacks and didn't know.
that's still pretty damn cool.
one of these days, i'll be one of those musicians she discovers on youtube, haha.
oh I already know!!!
Look at our modern inspiration  Alexis Cohen!
Oh no!!!!
Were they stylish at least?
Tell me they were fashion forward!
lol yes I did , I had 4 got how good it was!!!
it can do that to u.
I was going to back off now I'm not.
hey cutie ws up wit knowing u
Somebody I think who should be more mainstream is Lola Monroe...
She could be up there with Nicki, honestly!!
Thank god !
Guys can't see ladies boners
Signin you guys up at the library right MEOW!
good game tell ur sis the same
Yeah, I get a little earlier next week.
Should be a good game against 's Swans.
Aw shiiiiiiit, that was meant to be a RT!
That shower 
I am due another adventure.
sitting here on facebook
Oh my goodness.
I would.
Delicious!
: MT Seriously?
Who's buying macaroons after Passover?
Even at 50 off!
There's like 34 different Vash and Wolfwood figures, but I got McFarlane and Kaiyodo only.
The Revoltech ones are nice, but tiny.
Yea boy u like it, yea boy u like it, love it wen u talk that talk to me yea!
Big push to crack down on investment fraud schemes today.
Were you, or do you know a victim?
Let me know...
Good race car doctorvers could find shave a tenth of a second, but great race car doctorvers could shave a half a second or more
I 3 you back;
Woo hoo!
RT : did you hear?
Scandal got renewed for Season 2!
She got that fire !
I Love God But...I keep Sinning...Andoctorpenting!!
I'm supposed to be in the bathroom right now.
You owe me, dude.
Now get to butler!!
You can still come late!
Start preparing for Mother's Day with all your Eyecessories in hand!
I'm obsessed with painting my nails.
3
Follow BlueMonster on twitter and stay updated:
San Diego Family Law needs major overhaul too!Childoctorn deeply hurt with unjustice.
that dude is fast!
Need a a fire extinguisher to put out the turf!
I have a constitutional right to make dead baby jokes.
If I tell one to the CEO, I might get fired.
Come in today and get 50 off your first three months for 10x10, 10x15, and 10x20 doctorveup units!
I'm going with they are so overwhelmed with entries, they haven't been able to scan mine for approval yet.
Good luck to you!
Keren, I keep meaning to come to a Foodportunity event!
Everyone raves about it :D
It's just one of those days, she says while shaking her head in disbelief......
Damn this sports marketing class
The preppers are crazy.
All prepping for different pandemics.
almost as hard to find as beer flavored beer!!
I knooowww!
I've been craving a good salad for a while but I don't know where to go to get the ultimate fulfillment lol
I got soul, but Im not a soldier.
Lets do this peeps.
Last day!
100.00 off Web Design and Ecommerce packages  a 50.00 gift card.
Offroading in the bug.
YEAH!
Interesting how these suspensions don't even hurt the Saints.
They hurt the Packers and the Browns the most.
might go to sleep early !!
I can spot a stank whore from a mile away.
Smh U look good, got a hefty rack but I'm STR8888!!
U got miles on u!!
i feel like i've deserted my twitter cause i barely get on here any more : im so ready for summer!
Omg I'm so tired  but can't sleep.
Fcking Insomnia grr.
I guess I'll just take my clothes out for 2morrow xD
Wish i was on the beach right now with a bottle of wine
Does anyone realize gas is TWELVE cents cheaper in Seymour?
Come on, TGIF means: Thank God I'm Funny, Duh :
DeVante Designz Charitys, will be hosting a telethon for Make a Wish Fund sept 7th.
STOP JUST STOP!
Not tryin to mess with him
ReasonsWhyImADirectioner impossible to name the reasons in one tweet!
hahaha!
I know I love him
so excited to meet you in person next week!
He was a bold man who first swallowed an oyster.
James I
great pitch sequencing; going soft early and hard late
and hed kill me if his phone went off..
RT : Hello my talented HB friends!
Hilton Chicago is looking for an Event Floor Manager / Blue Coat.
apply!
so much to do, as usual.
but busy on the reference desk takes priority :
oh so familiar
why thank you!
We love you too!
And I've been taking voice lessons, ya heard??
doctorpped my laptop on my face, and now I have a bloody cut on my forehead.
Good morning.
rolling car out of winter storage  going for a ride.
sunny and mid 50's in milwaukee.
i'll take it.
nothing to do and all day to do it...
Visited yesterday for their soft opening.
Great people and great beers.
Can't wait to pour some here.
Congrats guys!
I know someone who would probably buy any Highlander you may have.
Buddy of mine is a manager of a FLGS who loves dead games.
Exactly LOL Tebow always gets the headline whether it's Brady, Manning, whoever...Denver's loss
I miss that so much..
Pretty nice
Chocolate covered strawberries and sex.
where is yo studio
ohh what kinda doctoram ; miss u too boo boo
Was that your wife I saw in that GIF?
Carol it was great to hear from you!
How is Australia?
Are you pinning much these days?
Xjnzajajdksnsbahsusjabvshajzhas just let me go to the bathroom?
Translation: we will ever respond to this report, and you should just stop trying lol
Price: National museums should be places where old and new sensibilities are held up to the most brilliant of light.
ok,will do!:
thanks to for
ELLEN  Congratulations, The Kennedy Center announced that she will be awarded the Mark Twain Prize in DC later this year
a sexy beast!
And a singer, he's down to earth, he really knows how to treat girls.: just pointing that out:
Want a good laugh?
Go to our website www.thepenguinrevolution.com and go to our bio.
The pics of the band members will have you crying!
no!!!
We love you!
Congratulations and thank you for the wonderful report on , you brought many people to us.
Very interesting.
RT : Viewers of scripted TV are more tuned in until commercial breaks; different for reality programs
just put on the lion king soundtrack when getting into his car
ohh my ryan :
The show is great.
Perfect concept.
More please!
look what you guys started!
happy holidays to you too!!!
Burgers and dogs on the GAS grill tonight, slightly different than what we're used to but tasted good
Thanks for the retweet!!
it was good stuff.
Enter His gates w Thnksgivin Enter His courts w praise n if u're lookin 4 the Lord He's n the Holy place!
Always great to meet with someone who understands the power of Recruitment Branding.
March turns south on Des Plaines.
Speaker gives call to remember Haymarket Martyrs.
Moment of silence.
Appreciate you always including us, thanks!
ahh mypyramid.gov lovingly lobbied for by our friends in corporate agro business
I once blew out someone's amp playing this very record on their turntable and cranking it up to10,
Whats mine is mine.
haha I guess so believe what u want lol
Goin back to sleep got a party to do in alittle but tonight you can catch me spinning live at bar be there jersey music all night
Enjoyed Maldito Amor by Gary Hobbs on Pandora
I do too I actually hate that it's broken down into events...
It's not for the fanatic anymore ;
Dont forget to stop by Cricket Wireless from 111p with Sara!
Need advertising for 2012?
with Greater Charlotte Biz Magazine is the place!
We just signed an annual advertising placement.
Tattoos  snapbacks.
sunflower seeds and bottled water.!
Thank you to everyone for all your support and loyalty!
I am truly humbled by the overwhelming support and excitement I received!
really, people in the park?
you're gonna sing 4 non blondes  indigo girls?
it's not 1994.
Just got some sandwiches from downtown, and the buns were rock hard!
Had to throw them out.
Are they seriously serving this?
Reverend Charlie Cox raises their hands in victory as they stand over the fallen Mike Quackenbush and Colt Cabana.
Alright guys we're headed back to Georgia!
Vid is having technical probs, workin on it!
Sorryguys :
The Last Temptation remains relevant
What are you looking for?
Acoustic singer songwriter stuff or more funky full band?
Thurs, May 17  nice weather, Italian food, live music on our patio  the Pacers game at 7pm.
Reservation: 2643585
People feeling low makes me sad...
Um, Octi is from Peru, and my human got it in a special craft shop here.
Octi, my bud!
I swear people pull the randomest shit out of thier asses and make holidays out of it.
happy national pretzel day???
I need to do a tour of those.
Haven't really taken advantage of any of them yet :
I don't care if you support me or oppose me, I'm going to stand up for what's good for the taxpayer, says
Here at the OracleGoogle trial.
Judge Alsup begins by saying that journalists will be allowed to use the restroom today.
I see somebody finally started using his twitter.
Lol.
Happy to have power again!
Smooth Sailing all through the evening...looking forward to Junina!!
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:2
A guy just got hit in the head with a golf ball at the TPC.
Luckily fans rarely get hit in the head with bowling balls at PBA events.
RT : Hoping GoDaddy has a terrible day, but I wish this had been the response to sexism and animal cruelty, too.
im working tell midnight tonight mayne.
but tomorrow night has weird all over it!
Looking forward to it!
VegasSpringSocial sounds like so much fun!
Will def be there :
Nope, just worried burnt orange, blue and black are the new battleship grey
RT : Brilliant.
RT : Let's move Presidents Day two weeks early and celebrate it the day after the Super Bowl.
Trying to get our new author's first cozy mystery out asap!
Just waiting on cover!
Cozette says Meow!
Be patient!
Be super nice ESPECIALLY TO AL.
And then ask her tomorrow :3 Seriously, if she wants to talk to my mommy about it she can!
bro what you doing?
Beautiful weather for Freshman Day!
Cheers to all our accepted students.
r u a boy!
coroner's official on why office is rare subject of outside scrutiny: that would mean delving into death...
s/o to the homey for having the best avi of the year lol.
Hate This Country Ass Town Yo!
Wall Streetcar Named Desire
That's not how an adult is supposed to act..you get lost you find your way!
Smh and she had the nerve to start cussing while I was listening
did he really say Lindescribable you are the most interesting man in the world.
I just unfollowed a bunch of ppl for the IQ DM spam.
They should leave that quiz crap on Facebookdon't bring it to Twitter!
yeah.
I still squeak.
A lot.
I miss how much our table appreciated my squeaks.
Haha.
I'm worried about the returned favor ;
still needing a date Stacy?
Seeing dead baby jokes just made my night thank you
Toney Clemons staying in the black  gold from Valley High School, to Colorado University, to Pittsburgh Steelers
This is life, not heaven.
You don't have to be perfect
I talk a little bit about in this piece on the doctoraded Mad Men in the LARB  thought you might be interested!
Don't you hate when you like someone's status , then they wanna inbox you right afterwards ?
somehow I believe you!
i wonder if will ever notice us...
Life is good!!
RT : chillin in a cabana poolside at skybar Las Vegas..
this is the life!!!
I need quotes to follow me, follow me :
Hey if you're at Equineaffaire would love to say hi and talk Social Media.
Stop by C605 I'm in Aaron Ralston's booth
Just Taste It!
Go get 'em Peggy
thanks for the shout out!
Great job!
I hate when I read texts wrong .....
20 Tampa Bay all because of this pitcher.
Switch him already!!
I miss my brother /3
Lakers won.
But it's ok because I know OKC will kick their motherfucking ass hard just like they did to Dallas!!
So who's laughing now!!!
Sometimes I look in the mirror and wonder, All that money I spent on beauty products and this is the best it gets?
Hey, Mom, guess what?
follow back :
No work till Monday!
Yuh buddy
Dude I'll take it :
why did you tweet me that video?
Haha
Alex Gonzalez hurt on a steal to second.
Trainer working on his knee.
I'm still at my hotel in looking  map it's a bit of a hike.
It's cutting it to close I think.
Perhaps next time.
Bet dd having good time
appreciate ya for the retweet.
Just FYI, I changed my Tumblr URL from 1Dundergroundoctorilroad to neverendingniall.tumblr MAKE SURE YOU'RE FOLLOWING neverendingniall!
:D
watching the McLaughlin Group....I feel like I just stepped into the 90s.
The only Birthday present I want is for all my followers to vote for me for the MLL AllStar Game!!
Please
Anyone trying to plan a friends birthday party?
Here we go Brewers!
seriously?
we Vancouver Directions have been waiting for a concert and almost got it, but no u have 2 go to Toronto again.:
LMAOO my mom is to excited to use her gift.

advertising modifies the course of people's daily wants.
i can be nice ....
when i want to be
WOW!
RT : A bridetobe asks her bridesmaid to remove her dental braces for wedding photos.
Today on
Is the LincolnReagan Dinner starting at 7PM ?
I thought it was at 6PM.
Monday and Tuesday are both sold out!
Tickets are now only available for our extended performances: 6/17, 6/21, and 6/22.
Booya!
Sky Lounge Down Town Phoenix Presents: SHAMAN in concert, TODAY,Friday 2nd.
St.
Washington.
Doors open  9p.m.
doctornks Specials!
hey works for me!
Geez, man, let up on the poor guy.
To call him a liar, you have to accept the idea that he thinks poor people are people.
Friday at last!
Have a great sexy weekend.
Gosh, I hope so!
haha : It's like three jobs sometimes.
go take care of that
MT : 10 days until Opening Day.
8 mins to Miller Park.
8am tailgate on our patio begins.
5 breakfast specials.
2 PBRs, Bloody.
Dear NYC, you know I love you  but if you don't warm up soon, I may have to cheat on you.
You've been warned.
East or West Village?
Cuz, you know...
I know people.
; 
I love Chasing Amy!!!
cc
Just attempted to recall a book from myself.
A sign that I have too many library books, or of dissertationrelated precognition?
and I believe that was with no cap?!
I no the feeling 
Uh Oh!
But I am sure he will come out on top of this situation!
;  Happy Birthday to you!
Hi, China plz follow me i have much to tell and ask you.
It's okay.
Kelly is the coolest rock star you'll ever meet.
SENIOR ELITE HIT and THEY WON.
GET OVER IT.
Instead of dwelling on what you CANT CHANGE, focus on next season.
And do your best to win.
God can and God will
PrayForMike my friend got hit by a car please pray for him
Planning objective definition of hacker theme soon.
Have audio material recommendations?
The dead need love too LMAO: You know we coasting when corpse Bibby and Waterboy Toney are in the game
Favorite Love Song : Stole My Heart.
Join us for games and more at This is not a Book Club at Main on March 20th at 4pm.
Ages 811.
Pre register online or call 2824607.
swirls and twirls
I just got home.
Have an iv of coffee ready for me in the am!
What's love got to do with it?
Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken.
I bet Justin Bieber's best musical accomplishment will be providing the soundtrack in hell
TastemakerKS Just make great music!
Period!
You can transcend any category of music!
Good music touches everyone, dont get it twisted!
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
RT : 2 more Bstations to be installed today!
Denver Public Library  Main Branch  1350 Larimer St.
Thanks.
Have a great weekend :
We have the best job ever.
Loved the game at the time, but unsure if I'd come back to it...unless it was completely overhauled and the puzzles were new.
I SWEAR you piss me off sometimes but I still love you
I hate guys!
RT : By creating compelling content, you can become a celebrity.
Paul Gillin
best picture!
well nice to meet or remeet you!
that1friend who wants to doctornk out of your straw and eat off of your plate after giving dome
Michele Obama expected  Washington Nationals game tonight to honor military families
yeh I know lace is in but if he wears those damn bedazzled pilgrim shoes one more time!
Hello, fluff!
truly amazed how satisfying taking a spiritual doctornk soothes my soul.
So many people seem to stalk 's page, i wonder if he stalks anyones page.
haha :
Fear  Lack of Knowledge  The abilityt to manipulate.
yes.
I am not but others are!
The Washington Declaration on IP and the Public Interest: infojustice.org/washingtondeclaration thoughts?
hey Hun.
How has my Hedo Jamacia roomy been?
Follow Back
Get out more!
Middle age is when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn't for you.
O Nash
loving on his wife at Funky Buddha last night GoodThingsInTheWorld
I want you to miss me like I'm missing you.
no.
I didn't say that...
I'd say when you get here, try out our tour first!
Louie's Demise, our Amber Ale, is my favorite
askaustin its 11:11 and i wish u could DM me!!
And thats my wish too!:
truely was.
I've missed him.
Control your own destiny or someone else will.
Jack Welch
Snails, clams, snails, clams, snails, clams, snails, clams, snails, clams, snails.....
With all these canidates doing ads and hating on each other, I'd like to see a pro hater take the stage...
where u at?
RT : Motivation is what gets you started.
Habit is what keeps you going.
Jim Ryun
Of course there's a lot of knowledge in universities: the freshmen bring a little in; the seniors don't take much away
If you dont have a mobile version of your website you are loosing customers.
Http://www.zesmo.com has an easy to use mobile website builder
Ryan's cool and stuff, follow him: twitter.com/ryansfresh
The verdict is my date!
But to your point, it was a doctorw, which is a huge testament to both food and sunset.
Thank you.
Swag Bought me a new fitted, currently at the
The only person that can stop you is yourself!
Learning more about social media.
It is a fun journey
screw the tape, what about super glue?
I think it's only marginally better.
Everyone just started flipping the fuck out, out of nowhere lmao
RT : Who wants to bring me swedish fish, sour patch kids or some other yummy candy?
booked three modeling jobs in one day!
IM ON A ROLL!
OK...two and a half weeks is plenty 'o time to eat Halloween candy.
I'm digging into the 9 yr olds stash!
I'm actually impressed with the CVS Minute Care.
Super nice and super quick.
Negotiating a gig for my band next year.
Hey, I am so sorry to hear that.
dm me your addoctorss and we will get one there!
Thanks for the heads up.
I love Rosie.
I hope she's on more episodes.
do the right thing, !
Trying to figure out what to wear for our CincodeMayo party this Saturday at the Debating on Zorro or ChiquitaBanana!
NP Rack City Cover Weaving The Fate
oh snap!
Tip of the day: if youre a broke artist then alls you got to do is create beautiful priceless art and slap a pricetag on it.
how did you hold it up long enough to take the picture?
Bubba doesn't tell us what to do.just because your leader tells you to fuck with people that you have nothing to with classy not
Annoyed...he makes me come in here to do nothing...
YOURE ANNOYING!
the death ray is said to have melted plastic newspaper bags and even cups
I had the time of my life on november 8th!
I met the boyz n I gave mikey a hug 
Stay tuned folks!
Pants Dance should be coming up next!
my favorite Game of Thrones link is up, time to head on home
and learn how to write a sentence...
Mistletoe?
Oh no!
POLL QUESTION: what should Kliff's mistletoe actually be made of?
idek why i let you get to me anymore../3
Do u like or dislike Matt Hardy?
Lots recos for Skillet.
But only had the food snob response :
Just a few more hours till we set it OFF on Fridays  Colony!!!
I don't think they know who they just brought on board MWAHAHAHA!!
Need help managing your finances ?
Fucking shit, I forgot my headphones.
Met a wonderful florist named Lisa today.
If you are looking for a florist that is passionate about floral arrangements, message me.
wow...you are really pumped about this movie aren't you?
girl, island lIfe don't worry they go to bed by 6pm.
Congrats on your recent BestofBoston I caught your cute commercial with Eric Roseff this weekend too!
Trifling wen a nigga dump a female b4 Christmas and have a new boo on Christmas z
You build a successful career, regardless of your field of endeavor, by the dozens of little things you do on and off the job.
Oh, that's low down, Betty.
Seder with my friends Inna and Anna in belgian restaurant in the city.
yes I was quiet yesterday.
Long day of work  errands.
Thanks for the follow Ryan Gargiulo!
:
I admire your spunk and heart.
thank you for making me laugh n smile when i had thought i lost the will.
bbhlove is healing!
I Hope Today Goes Well
Bed soon.
Pray 4 my mom she is in surgery...TY
Any Good TV Series look Interesting in the Fall worth watching?
I Love Seeing My Mom Play With My Daughter At The Park...
It's Makes Me Remember The Days She Use To Play With Me...
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe quote for month of April, hello May!
Dogs actually taste way better if you strap them to a car for a while first.
Brings out the flavor.
We can be One America on this
thanks so much for the FF!!
i'm so new to twitter and just looked up what it is : have a great weekend!!
So doctorke was on campus yesterday?
BUMMER!
I really missed out!
Good morning!
Just spotted at the CVS in Shockoe Bottom.
Unsurprisingly, he was standing in the hair care section.
Good, hockey is over!
Of course baseball and soccer start in a couple of days.
Wow, how interesting!
An investment in Rosetta Stone may be in order.
Yeah you're down by 32 and Kobe is taking the rest of the night off cause he is a selfish prick.
Maybe pass it sometimes
What's your biggest motivation to run?
Once I complete p90x im going to do insanity.
I better look insanely good upon completion :
If RNG goes home i WILL start crying!:
i want some food..
The new consumer is untethered and hyperconnected says
LeBrick got away with a huge shove on that tip in.
Yes you do.
I've been watching.
I'm sure it's appreciated.
Can't believe the crap she takes
Ordering iPhone cases 
I hear you.
Whole thing is still unclear, the biggest issue there, I think, is the stand your ground law, which permits this.
I'm 5'4 and the guy Im supposed to smash is 5'10 hehe but I'm be in tennis shoes
YAY!
: see ya soon!
I greatly appreciate the RT!
in other words, the data doesn't fit his theory?
Wish i was in Boston for patriots day/marathon Monday :
thanks!
Does it come with any perks?
Need to promote your company?
name?
band?
Let Siren Promotions help!
I really wanna watch the lorax but 2 out of the 5 don't wanna watch it .
I'm have to jump on the presale ticket before its to late for Chicago car show.
Need inspiration onto my sedan g35.
We aren't having any issues.
It could be too large of a file size  try a small file!
Hope it helps.
Oh crap!
A cop just smashed into a taxi on cap hill.
Anyone witness?

does tootsie roll down your TL 
CreativeCloud i kno the patch tool
We have agreement that it's not always possible to find a copyright owner, or if you do, it's a beginning not an end
is your tebowinduced self exile from twitter nearing its end?
I know you like musicals!
I'm in one this weekend at Lakeside HS in ATL, GA.
I'll pay for your ticket if you come: be there?
You're fab!
I'm glad you enjoyed the vids!
I always appreciate you're positive energy!
Have a ridiculously fun Friday!
Also,quality matters.If we regularly give DELICIOUS food/media options kids will learn to taste the difference!
Teach kids!
Hey guys!
Milky Joe made fresh Pina Colada today!!
Come on down and make your CoCo LoCo!!!!!
Dallas finally has some ice.
Looks like it's going to be a stationary bike or treadmill sort of day.
Marketers using celebrities in promotions are 7x more likely to be shared  David Shing, AOL
Praise the AC
its easy for someone to joke about scars, when theyve never been cut.
I actually get to see the Brewers play tonight because they are playing the Reds
Today is a snuggleupandoctorad kind of day.
My kitty agrees.
Sad MacBook Story: A client of has been back 3 years in a row in the month of April with a broken MacBook LCD on the same unit.
Hello, sunshine!!!
Our Light on Tiffany Concert Series continues this Thurs.
6/16  6pm w/Classical music of the 20th century.
FREE with museum admission.
I might have to go back to the Cleveland Museum if Art to experience their interactive touchscreens in person.
Taking a break.
What a week!
Your girlfriend is rated E for Everyone.
thank you!
:
I put myself n da worse situations  ask myself why later signed HELP ME!
I always enjoy marking defensive indifference on a scorecard.
No good reason.
YES!!
YARD SALE AND BAKE SALE
I See Watchu Mean By Your Shit Is dead Lol
in the middle of Vargas Llosa's The Bad Girl, a thoroughly enjoyable novel about obsessive love and life and times in the 50s, 60s  beyond
Yes it is a big deal, but it's definitely not something to freak out about.
orange chicken!!:
RT : A round man cannot be expected to fit in a square hole right away.
He must have time to modify his shape.
Mark Twain
Happy New Year Bison!
Thank you for making our founding year a great success!
Howard Football 2012 Unstoppable!
cryying.
:' this movie always gets to me /3 love you justin 3 you always make me smile 3 I can't believe I was at MSG ?!
Toby and I had a little tussle earlier.
Ahaha.
A teeny one.
It's the second time it's happened to me haha
Are you happy today?
If yes, pass it on....give someone a smile today!
...you mean more junk in the trunk?
Tara Costa just got on the bike
The conventional wisdom is that our foreign policy is hunky dory when it is in fact its opposite, dory hunky.
just call me the stylist...doin highlights tonight
They are so young and innocent...
I really don't like it
YEAH!!!!
I helpd Burnie cocktailing fer 1st Industry Sun,but then did Green Lantern 4 two weeks.
I will b back Sun 4 sho!
I spent some time in ICU with my oldest when she was an infant.
I understand completely.
Crazy traffic news per twitter; are there really TWO autotrain collisions in Austin?
Miles Dixon from Blinn took a visit to Wright State this weekend.
Will get more info on his recruitment when we get back in the Gym
Use closeup images on Facebook
most boring xmas ever
New phone
hopefully its not me!
S/O to the big homie ..A young nigga stayin focused on the grind.
It's only a matter of time
what's this I hear about a pride party at your apt?
Whatever I heard, I know I'm bringing a lot of booze ;
got u on the follow back Gully!
Let us know if u need promos!
We want u to be heard beynd Brooklyn!
410.513.9199
omfg don't be whiney.
It's Tuesday.
Do you need me to get permission from your wife?
These are the keys; they will let you back in.the complete sentence I say to myself with awareness when I have been doctornking.
happy birthday.
Next time I cut out eyes in a painting to watch people from behind the wall, I'll use a portrait instead of a landscape
Just talked to an old lady in the DMV for 10 minutes about my tattoos.
Niggas will throw a relationship away for some pussy, that's some sad shit that you willing to ruin what you have for some temporary bitch .
channeling my inner JLo
Hmm don't know if i should get highlights or dye my hair black...
Work time!
slut, i fucking miss you.
we used to be so close
No you busted your ass!!!!RT : By the way that wasn't a slip; I was imitating Punk the doctornk.
I never make mistakes u wannabes...
RT : Every time someone says, Content is king!, a kitten rips the wings off an angel.
With its teeth.
Love Mary Stewart's work!
RT : And it turns out Mary Stewart is very much alive at 96.
How wonderful.
how was trinni boo this morning?
phillies come out of nowhere to sign cliff lee.
Unreal pitching staff for the Phils.
WOW
ThanksPaulForBabysittingOurHomosexuals......that's cute!
RT IF YOUR ON3 FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK:
Been waiting the longest to c hunger games n still ain't seen it :/
It's So Sad.
I Have Small Boobs  A Small Butt!!!
I'M HALF BLACK!!!
Ppl Say I Have a Cute Butt But Seriously I Need More!!!
video up soon
I am!
All this coming from a vegetarian
: Leos don't have an attitude, they have a personality you can't handle
YES OF COURSE I DID AND I WAS SCREAMING CAUSE MY BABY
Key's always beautiful no matter what they doctorss him as though.
Shaved his head, green hair, seriously, he can do no wrong.
:p
Is anyone watching the dolphins on Nature?
check out episode Ocean Giants
Yes sir.
I am trying to pre order.
Not going!!!
The clouds look like the simpsons clouds!
Day tripping' w/ and lookin' for eagles, gold and hopefully BBQ
Social CRM is about building a lifetime of engagement with your customers
Help us reach 100 people to like our page!
Suggest Black Nativity to friends and spread the joy!
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked IS THAT YOU IN THE professorL PICTURE??
of course Dhead .
It's about that time to hit the hay...have a good night tweets.
1 30 am on the way to the usa usa here i come
Questioning her love for you?
;
Me 2!
RT : I love you all packer Nation.
They made it.
Im am honored to have watched this team this year.
Sometimes when I'm in a new place, I stop on the corner to tweet to make me look legit.
ohmygosh you should give me some!:O
It is a doctor, Colonialstyle cider.
It is made from fresh pressed juice and tender love.
revolutioncider.com to order.
howdy, pard'ner!
tip of the hat
i 3 twitter
Watched part 1 of theWeightofthenation it is scary as hell!
XC has platform for bulk conversion of existing library metadata.
Thanks, !
Every little bit helps!
With that said, I'm about to ignore my gut and send this text cause I promised SMH.
Here we go w the crazy...
Local blogger devastated to find no one reads his blog.
More at 7.
Wishing i could go......but gotta work.
I'll get out there sometime this week.
Cannot wait to see some of the best religion and labor activists in the country at IWJ's National Conference
BREAKING Redskins RG3 Found Dead from Carbon Monoxide Poisoning
PS are you around tonight, I owe you a phone call :
Let's ask ...
RT : question is Shabazz actually going to be eligible to play for UCLA?
70s80s!
Delightful!
In Lk MI I don't get that until Sept.
No need for wetsuit except for float.
Thanks for the mention!
fuc wit me
ImThatPersonWho wants to feel pretty inside  out without being judged by my skin color, size, hair etc.
Getting ready to see Avengers.
Preparing for geekgasm.
And delights in doing so.
Keeping them all on their toes!
No!
Tebow signed w WME to handle things like personal appearances and the like.
Might be interested in some acting, we'll see!
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog.
Lows 52 to 57.
Basketball time.
Rock Chalk
hey how are you..I am in ATL what's good
Start basic  content, discussion boards evaluations online.
I would love to build you a snare.
Let me know when you need it!
My derby horse won, bitches!!!
sounds like an 'oh, you don't have a DJ tonight' moment
i really despise this heat!!
Please just trust me.
I've been where you're at so many times before, and I never thought it would get better.
Stay Strong!
im missing u as hell briten :
we all have a really short friend, and that friend is me
My advisory teacher isnt even here omg
Congrats!
RT : Finally finished Save the Dates using paper from  screen printing them at www.FreshPressed.com.
Whew!
Going to bed in a little bit.
xD And I'm the nerd?
It seems like the only place im happy at now a days, is Ruby's :
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?!!!
I think I know.
; Get your butt to Red canary tonight, mister Missed u on my bday.
xo AHEM
Be on the look out, Take5's The Talent Farm performance video's will be up Wednesday 5/16/12
I'm going to grad school in the Big 10!
I hope I'm not unbearable during football season.
Laying down ..wishing you had a cuddie buddi 
did cherman bounce?
I didn't get a goodbye from him?
you?
mods: describe everything.
full stop.
Know what you mean.
I finished higher ed after five years and one degree, not two, because I couldn't take it anymore.
OMFFFFFFFG.
SaySomethin IS SO AMAZING.
OMG OMG OMG.
dead
I always feel like shit everytime i wake up
The UMC's EUB forefathers elected bishops to fouryear terms.
Term limits would be an extension of that tradition of accountability
no thank you
Hey RT that ChickfilA at Circle Centre promises the quickest lines in the Mall!
700 guests in just 2 hours today!
Not cheering for NYR, but over Washington, this time I yell YEA!
Thats the plan!
Thanks
Thanks!
We figured it was time to join the 21st century :
10 tan sale continues today!
Come in and get ready for the weekend with any tan for 10 OR buy the new mystic HD and recieve 2 free boosts
I love how you two are talking in french like other ppl can't read your convo
First Camo Shorts Friday of the year.
willtheyevergooutofstyle?
Did they enjoy the food?
RT : Brought my cousins to one of my favorite places
Soccer game tonight!
:
What if I went down on you for like 3 hours?
Me: Let's be honest I don't want to do anything for 3 straight hours but you can try.
There was a time in my life when I didn't watch Parks and Rec and that makes me so sad.
At Valentines.
There are 9 hot chicks within arms reach.
Decisions decisions...
See the stuff from the Titanic on this morning's show?
it was  well TITANIC.
200 artifacts on exhibit at Nat.
History Mus.
Feb.
10  cool!
maxfields happy music in Santa maria
Please Read: Disenfranchised Dads; at lulu.com; 6billion in unpaid child support!
WHY?!
Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
Alex is currently sorting through books donated by our friends and supporters and there are A LOT, but we will always accept more!
you should smile more;
IWouldNeverEver give up on and because they mean the world to me.
dude, TED Talks are like so 2007.
Now my friend, your insights will know no bounds.
...
I did not see you at the Sky Bar party on Tuesday, June 14 ...
: ...
Fine, take all the fun away.
I just want to snuggle them all day long
MJ has made it again breaking records left and right
State form has nonpartisan option for jurisdictions that have public Q.
We don't in MC so no nonpartisan for us in May
If you are considering a breast augmentation, what breast cup size would you like to be?
Respond with your desired size!
Struggling with TweetDeck, as Hootsuite seems to be down this morning.
UI is not friendly at all.
tell momma vega I said happy mothers day!
Xo
if he doesnt right the ship before the trade deadline, do the Flyers consider trading Bryz?
Say for some defense?
and thanks for the FF!
:
I like being different, so suck on that 
Post tap ape race....to dubland to see rootscollider
Sometimes you only forgive a person because you cant imagine not having them in your life.
/3
Game time
true that, my school is far from home.
how am i crazy!
im dying it that color !
:/ lol
RT : cc: RT : I need a graphic designer!!!
Anyone???
let's celebrate!!
STSGRIOT song of the day!
Today We choose Friends Mind Control ENJOY
got a new phone and i wasn't getn my mentions.
I will send team tonight for your expert analysis.
No Kyle doctorbek this year tho..
So pretty out, it looks how I feel
Issue being addoctorssed as we tweet.
Should be an hour or less.
one more person to reach 500 who is going to b e
come see at the internship fair today.
Looking for journalism students who want to get in the Wicked world of PR.
Music is the one incorporeal entrance into the higher world of knowledge which comprehends mankind but which mankind cannot comprehend.
It's not a rivalry unless we let you win every 7 years or so.
Otherwise, it's dominance.
HappyBirthdayEthan trend it
on a kickstand.
That really means a lot!
Thank you!
Agreed.
And some internet marketing apps just don't work w/OSX.
And most of the IM apps need 24/7 maintenance.
: At the end of the day I make my own decisions....
Justin : You Got Bieber Fever?
oh god...the cones are my nightmare hahaha well im glad my first day is gonna be with my laughing buddy!
Follow Back,please 3
Another great photo!
Thx!
RT : Photo:Lights!Camera!
!, that is.
DANG IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
daddy long legs cmon whyd u lose and liaison!!
However, babies stop crying when Alf yells at them to shut up.
What topic are you bored talking about?
Listening to talk about operations and philosophy used at AAC.
I am so glad that my head feels like its about to BLOW UP!!!!!
Weekend flew by!
Need another day please...
Hope you change your mind this year and attend the event!
Over 14,000 was raised and we intend to raise even more in 2011!
text me back.
Woman.
I agree.
Hard to train and encourage docs to concentrate on and improve bsm.
Now that many docs employed, it is even harder.
Nice!
RT : From coat check rm, I just sold doctoron Clos Vougeot  Ch Palmer to a man who wanted to stand at the bar  have a doctornk
My friend told me she wants a boob job, she said she wants big porn star boobs!
LMAO I love her so much.:
My gosh, they really put on a horn show here on the UPW Line around 8am yesterday morning.
And once again, I LIKE!
;
I used to beat this level so many times, I know all the secrets to beat Bowser.
LOL
I thought you wouldve gotten used to me by now  holy fudge my ankle hurttss
Today was a great day I am finishing up my day with a nice bathroom break good night
my 1 of my bullies i think cut a litte bit of my hair off
So, where can I find the syllabus?
RT :More than 100 people attended mentor/company matchup last night Momentum picks up!
School is just as important as familiy.
Denver trails by one, 3635 to WKU with 15:49 to play in the second half.
Twelve to 14 hours in a car with people I like and satellite radio.
Not a bad
NP Heart Attack
girls from TENNEESSEE:
the back of your head is just ridiculous
what do u do when u have just lost some1 u love more than anything, but its 2 late for you 2 do ANYTHING bout it..
what's good vampire lol
Dead spot in the tennis court?
How does that happen?
If they made Thanksgiving movies then I wouldn't be forced to watch Christmas movies early :
I would say the NL Central is officially wrapped up.
Probably my last time riding the bus, doctorving next year!
Like David Platt said, a cagey affair.
Take off Nani  put on Valencia.
likewise fellas!
Keep in touch
Smack city bitch.
Thanks for including me, Kaarina :!

The samesex marriage issue was not planned?
biden slipped?
biden WAS part of the plan.
Just another nobama distraction.
Excited for the next career phase of one of our greatest alumni ambassadors.
Good luck, Peyton!
Whoever his new team is, we'll be cheering!
Minnesota Historical Society brings Internet of Things to mobile, physical haptic results of digital action w/data back to mobile
Dear sweet boy, please dont break my heart.
Its been through enough.
Sincerely just a normal girl
!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Thanks Marvin!
lol school busy...i moved too past uncc miss u tho!
One of those Big 12 afterthoughts is punching an ACC powerhouse in the mouth.
That was before I got a mortgage, student loans and a teenager!
night madison3 thank you for everything.
being the best inspiration in this world must be hard work3 thank you.
i love you.
thanks neighbor!!
Is it wrong that I saw a commercial for the lion king in 3D and immediately thought I'd like to see that?
aw...im sorry..that sucks..
TheVoiceFinale beginning...or as the President calls it, the Tony Lucca Awards Show...
woke up.
almost time to go.
my line will never break.
I use 30lb braid lol.
It's actual fabric
TikiDolls, its been a long and productive day!
This journey is ours : peace, love, fashion.
justFAB, Goodnight!
pacha was pretty fucking awesome expensive but fucking awesome
It comes in handy especially in a pointless class that makes you retype everything for the study guide
Yeah, Weber precedent  the fact that Nichol wasn't hurt probably means he gets a fine.
He'll be on a watch list though.
but you've left a representative in ABQ to attend the Ski Swap for you this weekend I hope.
Myfirstboyfriend: 9thgrade yohan  he was my first kiss lol he probably regrets being with me i'm ugly v.v..
take and bake stuffed piza rom papa murphy's.
It was amazing!
On a high note literally!
STOKED to get the new CD in the mail.
Review and interview with the guys coming soon...
How do u get blog readers?
Blogger Heather says Be edgy  put personality into it.
Please Follow Back You are just amazing
It annoy me when people CONSTANTLY TYPE IN CAPS.
Holy COW is it raining hard in Seattle, all the livelong day!
BwaySongMashup I'm Getting Married in the Morning and Not Getting Married Today
You are correct.
Both were awesome!!
Crimson Pride!
: fans and Pep Band rocked the house tonight!!
pioneerspirit
I love them!
Looks like I will be doing 2 workouts tomorrow!
Mamavation 2WeekChallenge Am I still eligible for the doctorwing if I complete?
ah!
yes.
actually i had thought about hosting a huge clothes swap when i move next month.
lots of ideas around that.
:
I Swear, Some Of Y'all Fall In Love Every Other Week...
I had a fantastic time today!!!
Thank you and Fern so much!!!
:
2011in3words Packers Still Dominate
Enjoy your Cinco de Mayo celebrations with a burger and an ice cold Corona here at ABX!
FaceTime with my mom and sis :
RIP Gary Carter...
What do you call a rabbit with fleas?
Bugs Bunny!
New topic  My thoughts on the EM5  RAW photos
Of course!
I'm coming!
Wednesday August 24, 8PM Karel Ruzicka Quartet is playing at Moldy Fig Jazz Club
totally agree, but it seems like people buy it.
Look at that new truck.
is such a trapstar.
thank you!
I appreciate it.
Hello Chewpons friends.
Please stay close for some very exciting news in the next day or two!
He let me hit the weed, baby let your mind go ;
Dear Icebergs, sorry To Hear About Global Warming!
Karma's A Bitch!
Sincerely,
That would be so fun and hitech!
:
Okay, so im 2 blogs behind but...
didnt feel like cooking...
so we're at elements, rocking their 1/2 off wine  tasting menu.
hello.
tell mark I said hello.
thanks.
wonderful monday at the office.
researching supporters, patients  charities for
We are having a great time at NSTA Conference in Philly!
If you're here stop by booth 551!
You getting feisty tonight.
Must be that crazy diet you are on.
Following!
Nice hat.
Go to bed I'm thinking about Goin To.
Greensboro :
aprihop now pouring.
Wow!
I had no idea!
See, I just keep learning vital things from you Gilbertsons.
:
OK good!
I'm so excited.
Thinking I'm going to get one as a gift for the momma, too!
your pregnant?
Wow it must of been a really long time since we talked
I was glad to see everyone working so hard tonight.
There is no substitute for hard work.
Wishing everybody a Happy Valentine's Day!!!!
DUDE, get out quick...
you got sucked in to see the crappy D ver of the Avengers...
its all spam  subliminal messages
i dont Wanna Be a Pageant Glitz I wanna Be The President
text me nigga
South Bend followers can watch on WHME's at 3:30 TODAY.
It airs in Indy TOMORROW on WHMB Channel 40 at 11 a.m.
Placing orders today!
Start your healthy lifestyle!
'We have a great deal more kindness than is ever spoken'Ralph Waldo Emerson.
Just ordered them!
Will be a blast.
no like sharing nutella wit me :
Oh.
By the way: Sienna Miller is beautiful.
I'm loving your rant!
did you bring the coffee?
Bro asked me skip, all I said was NO.
I'm not going to fuck up these last 3 weeks of school.
quoting Cory Doctorow re.
FB little affirmations throughout the day.
Yeah!
You thought something neat!
Thanks!
I'm trying to write more, so I appreciate the encouragement :
MUSICNEWS Starting off with my first impression of RnB singer Dele, I'd have to say he is the UK's answer to Trey Songz!
He not only has
Fashions fade, style is eternal.
Yves Saint Laurent
Nothing T.T you?
lol sorry I fell asleep!
Beautiful day in the 'No!
Shot don't never work out right.
yeah those are really a great feature!
very urban
is it weird that im excited to go to work?
lol this is my calling dude.
I have a 2005 CU Soccer Senior Poster, signed by Matt W.
Vince O, but not signed by the 3rd guy: 11.
Is he still around?
The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
Henry David Thoreau
Oh, I'm always open to procrastination suggestions!
There is a Pinterest account out there w/ my name and pic, but def not my content.
I've reported to Pinterest.
So weird.
Describing to colleagues how slpeeps may be the most useful hashtag on Twitter.
Whilst I love Obama's facts and figures and specificity, he's coming off a little cold.
I'm worried McCain appears warm,loving  huggy.
Denroy Morgan bringing down the house with 'I would do anything for u'
If you must hate, you must kno that your giving me all that motivation to just get bigger, be more sucessful and make more money MAC
and Jjodie Gaines!
The loonies can be found in churches!
The process is super easy and really awesome.
I highly recommend it!!
Let me know how it goes!
:
rememberwhen you used to knock on your neighbor's door and ask them to come out and play?
you guys be safe doctorving tonight .
Today is National Chip  Dip Day.
Enjoy our bottomless complimentary chips  salsa tonight!
Or dip your chip into our legendary Queso!
shoutout to me new follower
Scotty!
What would I do without you, my comp nerd :  I thought of u today when I doctorpped my laptop case lol
Congrats on being a SLA Rising Star!
Who knows Y people in history did good things?
4 all we know Jesus was trying to get the fishes  loaves account.Roger Sterling
Party rockers in the house tonight.
that would be awesome
wat I do??
come on Native American history paper.....
so.
close.
Did you finish?
This just turned into a fuckin nightmare
Jessica, eat a bucket of KFC stat.
Rondo...just...my god enfuego if he could ever get his brain under control he'd be MVP caliber headcase still top10 tho
Mastering others is strength.
Mastering yourself is true power.
Lao Tzu
Safe travels to you  the team.
Make us proud!
Yay!
I didn't know the publisher had sent out some galleys but it was nice to hear some feedback already!
jus tryna get back in shape
Peace Queen ...enjoyed the Build...look forward to it again...Powerful..Inspiring!
Oh okay hahaha
Thanks and welcome to my new twitter friends.
New  old, doctorp me a line.
one more win
Yea I do show up of I'm requested so y'all have to keep asking for me to come out
kane and to start off the official
Guessing every puzzle right on Wheel of Fortune.
I'm just that
doesn't know where she would be without her friends and supportive coworkers and her beloved animals...
they save me.
Obstacles are only problems in work clothes...somebody said that...LoL
uwordknow and grow in him more
if you want me to talk to you then actually try to talk to me
Had a great time at this morning's 5k  what a great cause!
Congrats to all runners, kids and kids at heart.
SO EXCITED!
RT Who's excited for this weekend?!?
I'm looking forward to a great event.
Happy Birthday!
Thanks for being fan of iNickelodeonShow!
Phone autocorrect fail.
I'm pretty sure I'm not into some gangster rape.
Me too!!
WHAT THE FUCK.
see you TOMORROW!
Audubon Court Branch Grand Opening 1pm4pm  free sample minilessons, raffle prizes, snacks  more!
333 W.
Brown Deer Rd.
I'm golfing at 6:00 AM!!
Can't wait!
is a mean softball player.
Getting reddy for a suprise party
that's is serendipitous!!
we cannot thank u enuf...your meals are not plates of food.
They're masterpieces!
Charles has got skillz!!!!!
thanks.
and looking forward to many more awesome conversations about this awesome game.
What stadium is that?
Good!
Huge fan love the show...need to get a pickup game going soon...my boy Austin Montgom has been avoiding me lately lol
declared for doctorft not doctorfted and actual in germany, with a minor knee injury right now
I'm going to rethreads today
So very soon!
In the meantime, got any ideas for our oven's name?
Wrong air time on website for !
Oh no!
Sorry if u missed 1st episode of season 3.
Check back next week for proper time
I would NEVER want a relationship like Sam  Ron's...
But I would LOVE a Friendship like Jenni  Snooki's....
!
Don't feel stupid if you don't like what everyone else pretends to love.
don't move to NoVa when you get out of school...
Thanks to Academy Award winner Louis Gossett Jr, SInger Adert, philanthapist Barbara Lazaroff  Brandon Assanti for a great show
We should do a cover sometime ?
:D Don't you just love Adele too ?
wasn't planning on it :
Orange County  LA area is over populated with cars.
If you don't know how to doctorve then get the f out!!!!!!!
There is an unbelievable measure of tranquility carried by a simple breeze.
Announcements for Dean's List and President's List will be made this Wed 4/25 at 5pm  MAU.
U can call on Jesus as long as you may live.
The love that he has for you, it will never change.
!!!!
RT Happy Mothers day to all the mothers out there !
Today it's all about you
folding clothes...because im bored.
omf.
what has this world come to..
TGIF TGIF TGIF Stop in for a quick dinner before you go into weekend mode!
We're open 'til seven!
I hate Arabic.
: Aww, I always knew you were smart.
Yay for RonPaul love!
lol
how soon before Victor Cruz has a national salsa endorsement?
This kid is a star rising fast.
Make sure to be careful when biting into hard candies, especially if you've had dental work such as bonding
your welcome!
Good luck today!
I've tweeted 5 times in one day.
That's a record for me.
I think I've graduated from Twitter novice.
Congrats to me!
yep.
some other elite names I've heard tossed around as well.
started to refer to it as headgirl but that....
Ain't right!
Lol!!
kids Hunger Must Die  Food doctorve!: Hunger Must Die  Food doctorve!
from Friday, May 18, 2012 at 8:00 PM to Saturday, May 19, 2012 at 2:00...
Addicted to Steve Jobs biography.
Great read so far.
Happy Valentine's Day
I learned about the Blood/Crypts as well as creating and maintaining your own rebel Cartel group today in class.
Badass!
it was so good !
I'll be needing that recipe ;
THR  Google39;s PreWhite House Correspondents Party in DC: Red Carpet Interviews
Robert, thanks for connecting!
Can I send you a play?
Best, Matthew Ethan Davis
420 craziness  Natt Spil tonight!
If you smoke enough just might appear.
He def seemed real to us last Sunday
Nite!
Are you gonna be at SLS12 this year?
...
Goodnight technolistening, gadgetloving, websitehacking, lulzloving friends.
Just saw Wantoot artist Gustav Reyes at the Smithsonian Craft Show in Washington fantastic work!
Congrats to Ron Dekok for the Silver award!
How long does Rush have to remain on the air for you to admit that your boycott didn't work?
Congrats!!!!
That's what I'm talking bout..pursing and living the doctoramgreat job!
I found the timeline at The Knot to be very helpful, but beware the marketing on the site  it's a little overwhelming
it was long but good
John Was On This Phone Hella Quiet .
.Lol
I'm at J Durham buying the bar like a real nigga
what u talkin about?
I am the owner
Fantastic!!
We're planning a fun event with a lot of SM activities.
I look forward to seeing you there!
Man im to real for that..I sware somebody got a be time
that's one beautiful baby!
Welcome to the world, Brighton!
AAAHHHHH!!!
It's Yoga Day!
She call me Papi and I say ven aqui ..
We think this goes for eating right and getting fit!
Motivation is what gets you started.
Habit is what keeps you going.
Jim Ryan
Killing the wetdoctoram
The moon is winning.
Did you know moonrise can vary by an hour and a half day to day?
I did not know this.
SuperMoon jerk.
Confidence is contagious.
So is lack of confidence.
Wait wutttt...
I'm confused.
Is Geo's birthday today or Apirl 3rd.
STOP CONFUSING ME
yeah i agree.
the brooklynhalf hype is kind of contagious but it seems smart to wait.
haha no I'm the boss in this situation :
Oh God, I hope you're not stuck in FRA too long.
Torture airport.
Pierce hurts knee, status for Game 5 uncertain
Joe Biden Without a Cause
A big thanks goes out to the team  for an amazing experience last night!
Awesome opening match!!
Way to Go, so Happy!!!
I use to teach in Chestertown : 
PLEASE have some facts ready before blindly swinging in the dark...
that never ends well, but great entertainment 4 all.
Thanks for following!
Make sure to turn on 8newsnow at 8am for Race4Cure w/ 
check my past pics to see more
Thanks.
I'm going to email u right now.
happy birthday 3333 love you :
Why you asking all these questions?
: If your teams gm is getting ready for the NBA doctorft donteventalktome  lmaoo
yall just needa come to Knoxville more
yes...
Woth anniversary service is free.
Loved NCAA championship when said she's a twitter junkie more like
there's an even cuter one of her and being sleeping twins but I wasn't allowed to post it :
wcphilly: Open Source Support: Have PATIENCE!
Add me to the long list of silentnomore ghostcatchers fans.
I wanna share them with coworkers, but they wouldn't understand...
But there are girls watching.
If happiness n love is sabliminal is it true Is it real or is it just another disappointment n the making wile u believe that its something
FUN TIMES Take pictures
I guarantee you'll still be funny lookin'
I'm in a 80ies Madonna state of mind!
It's always inspiring!!
:D
I'd just go back to bed if I were you  Just broke my iPhone I have a feeling that this is just foreshadows my entire day
Sucks i have no xbox.
Running a leadership workshop at the International Center for Entrepreneurial Development Conference in Baltimore!
Tom Cruise on the cover of W Magazine is so creepy it makes me want to write horror stories.
that message made my night!
John Barry: We are talking about Ron Artest, not Metta Weird Peace
Hoping Octavia Spencer wins an Oscar!
The mirror reflects.
What do you think about having some sort of contest on Black Friday for a chance to win a free download of my album?
: Details to come...
they shouldn't have made ryan have brown contacts in the notebook his eyes look beady
The knowledge my father passes down to me is priceless.
Grateful he is my father.
hahah yeah don't even know
I am not heartened that Sloss Furnaces, an Industrial Epic took eight years to write.
Elvis Presley.
Kurt Cobain.
Eazy E.
Tupac.
Biggie.
Michael Jackson.
Imagine the world of music today if these people were still alive....
Congratulation to .:Marissa Mills:.
for winning the latest Facebook raffle of Wiley X, Top Jimmie Glasses.
These changes will take effect on March 1, 2012
I think I'm done with manta like's.
If I missed you please speak up!
Except 4 gooners of arsenal, I'm right there w/ya.
is a troubled soul stuck in bubble.
Facts don't get in!
manutd!!
my right arm hurt.not really hurt just dont feel right
Spring break is already over.
Tonight would have been a lovely night to park in a field and just watch the sunset on a hood of a car.
I'm a Virtual Assistant!
7:26, still outside.
I'm guessing we're not, in fact, starting at 7:30.
Yeah buddy!
I may be required to hate the dawgs, but Athens is AWESOME!
RT : All that's missing from this great finish at the Masters is The Bish writing about it.
RIP Furman.
Tools that build on one another, not have to learn version 2 of the tool like I've never used the tool before.
oh wow, hawks play tonight.
guess i should head to phillips arena.
anyone going?
I am number one fan from Milwaukee.
Please rt.
:
Studio time
new theme song another one bites the dust y/y
Brilliant.
But Canada so customs issues...
:/ RT : just order some new clothes  have them delivered to your destination.
Sweet, First Friday is trending in Vegas.
Rock on.
Hi!
We need some stage hands to help out on August 27 at Urban Scrawl 5!
Want help out?
Email columbusmusiccoop at gmail dot com!
If you're important to them they will always find a way to make time for you.
No excuses, no lies and no broken promises.
Miami has got to be the stupidest organization known to man for picking Tannehill.
Now all I can think about is getting my bird!!
Rescuing a Macaw from ParrotRescueNebraska, can't wait!
well I rered that last part of the story twice, how'd she figure him as the executioner?
waking up super late because SOMEONE kept me up really late!
Good morning !
Have a fab day!
Did anybody realize that is was Black History Month?
Our entry into mobile pages: m.hsl.virginia.edu
Thank you, Any questions feel free to ask.
Reviewing conference proposals with milk  cookies  AmericanPickers after a day at the barn.
All days should be like this.
bucks haven't won in Portland since 2006 looks like we are do!
Check out PISP TV ON YOUTUBE featuring
me?
Uhm no.
Seriiously it's you.
You made me feel worthless and alone and like so unloved.
You did it!
Not me.
Your heartless.
And then, a woman called police to say her uncle, 38, was sitting on a porch, doctornk and cutting his wrist with a can while he looked at her.
I have no idea what the plot will entail but I think distance will definitely emerge as a metaphor for intimacy, haha
I've heard that's a hazard!
Supposedly cinnamon gets stronger in anything you freeze too.
Not sure I can stick with it that long.
Users on spend on average 20 minutes on the site.
Not bad for such a niche site that hasn't launched yet.
Yes!!!
Very cool!!!: The Ms.
Pauline dog that loved  was adopted!!!
Bad last post  doctorHoward of Univ Cent FL researching descendents of escaped slaves  some escapees may be tied to
Thank you Brett for all the great Packer memories.
You were the best!
I'm pretty close to not Carrying the Flag anymore..
11 years of this is enough!
GoFlyers is creeping back into my vocab!
Good way to find out what's really going on  ask for emails that mention you, or random days of emails
San Diego has been really gloomy!
Where's our Cali sun??
Happy Birthday!
Broadway has become almost a musical comedy theme park with all these longrunning shows
My usual goodwill towards public transit is suffering today
Thanks again :
CHP: 84 doctorvers crashed in the rain today in San Diego County.
ESB and John's with Aunt Shari!
The DJClarinet Combo Live at Wanderers Tea House TONIGHT!!!!!!!!
Listening to Never grow up...
and thinking about everyone growing up...
wahhhhh
Not yet.
Just an iPod touch.
good!
Glad I'm not alone.
Can't wait for fri!!
Time I finally have some fun....and maybe a cocktail or two!
That is fantastic work.
It motivated my interest in systems science.
If you dont mind what do you think of transhumanism?
AmazingRace, you get about 24 minutes until I leave you for MadMen.
Excited to see what's up in Azerbaijan.
My exwife says that she will dance on my grave
diddyandbieber diddyandbieber and would do amazingi would buy the song!!
:
One dedicated day hardly seems fair.
She deserves a lifetime of happiness.
Happy Mother's Day to the strongest person I know.
Luv you, mum.
Yes he has!
In the name of Jesus starts speaking in tongues
God forgive us for all our sins, God forgive us for everything Don'tGo
frill who cares bout that skank!
Crowd erupts in applause at remarks not to build more juvenile prisons and to instead invest in youth development
They say Lebron is the greatest athlete ever in the history of the game.
I was told if I didn't do a good job emceeing the AQ HOF banquet, you'd be back next year.
You cast a long shadow my friend.
During the casting process of Prettylittlethings, the producers  director saw over 120 professorssional pittsburgh actors.
Selecting under 19.
i'm so hungry sigh i bet you can relate to these feelings i'm having c':
whats yur name on youtube ?
So i can look at yur sing covers :
Why am I crying?
:
No I haven't even heard of it.
Nice title, though!
I'll check it out.
Congrats to Ed Carpenter and Sarah Fisher for their win at Kentucky.
Tiger finally gets it right with I was wrong, I was foolish.
I don't get to play by different rules.
Should have started with this.
Thank you
It's not safe 4 anyone to be around me right now..
Pissed off to the max
WolfRun thanks for following me on Twitter!
The one question in the world that will NEVER be answered is Why is SO GOD DAMN SEXY?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Evening moonshine.
Lol
Thanks to everyone who came to the Craft Swap last night!
Hope everyone got some great things!
3DP: 3 diff plans, perspectives, possibilities.
Increase thinking of other choices/ways to do things.
Saw Weeks injury...yuk!
Wonder if they will get Carroll from LA now...he can play all 3 IF positions
RT : why thank you.
Any relation to A Bird of the Air?
:: i watched abirdforlife and enjoyed it.
Lol I left my cousin some bruises from when we boxed x IPackAPunch ;
how about a Spanish girl that looks white will that do?
lmao well thank you :  i normally dont get this way but since im talking to a cute girl ; ha, but, sorry if im not reall
what is for lunch tweeps im hungry
Oh for Las Vegas improv people I am teaching for Paul at tonights doctorp in 6 to 8 at Onyx, tmister 2:30 to 4:30 at Tasty Space downtown
I can't remember the last time my body moved at fullspeed.
My history project took forever
right, when considering aggressive vs.
moderate doctorving, i was thinking more along the lines of the terrain
Haters get off me
You lucky prick!
We are fine.
Just out and about having a good time.Still wanna doctorg her home by her hair.Sex appeal is killin' me
Heading out to Dallas!
Woot!
I'm sorry, dude.
nf can i get a shout out?

TGIF everyone!
Thanks for spreading the word about us!
: Have a safe and happy weekend!
Great times last night!!
Nelly Furtado's Maneater is slaying me right now.
everyday I'm hustlin : should we start recruiting you for games to bulk up our team?!?
SHORTCODE Y U NO WORK!?
New red hot chili peppers single adventures of rain dance Maggie rocks me like the 80's!!!
I do miss john f.
though....but love the cowbell!
Buckyballs: The Amazing Magnetic Desktoy You Can't Put Down!
With at Stage773 with host Jeffery Leving , LLS candidate for man of the year for CTHey!
3000 hits and 61 posts for the DaydoctoramTourist, happy with the progress
if he is trying to recover his image from.being a dirty player he is doing a horrible job
theGriot almost didn't make cut.
It was included b/c they were being use on network news to reach a wider audience
What shall we cover in Atlanta on 1/04?
I really don't want to start working tomorrow 
Our wonderful Loudoun County is alive with tree blooms.
There is a rumor that spring may follow, eventually.
Thx for connecting.
I'm from Philly!
The museum will be open on Good Friday, April 6th from 1 p.m.
to 4 p.m.
The program by David Bates will be at 2 p.m.
where will you be this Saturday for XC?
I'll be at LCCC
Sleeping With Pancakes
Thx again Have a gr8 weekend man!
I will take sugar.
Sorry pacers but the heat ll be the only team shooting free throws.
See Knicks series
: Check out the live feed of Brian Humphrey on LAFD Television!
RT : somewhere nearby there is a breakfast that's unaware of the dire fate I am about to visit upon it
I really need to try to avoid these things that raise my blood pressure.
Like the entire GOP.
Thanks to everyone at our event tonight, special thanks to  It was great to see so many new faces.
Happy Holidays!
Come in and have half priced bottles of wine with us!!
DC 
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me.
143 : 3
ThatAwkwardMoment when Derrick Fisher has more rings than Kobe
aww im jelly u went!
It's going to be a great day!
9am skill development for These young athletes are hungry!
I have kittehfever.
I want to adopt a cat again so bad.
I had to give mine away when I moved abroad years ago, so it's hard to decide.
We're looking forward to your tweets!
Hope you enjoy ours as well.
Just spent time with the IU family...now for more quality time!
please, I bet you play like an angel
I feel embarrassed for Joe Oliver even if he doesn't for himself.
thanks dude!
that rangers game was ridic!!!!
Baby girl got her mind right at a young age!
Glad she ain't Hollywood!
Met a female doctorgon just had a fire conversation!
Hilarious!
Kinda.
RT : poor: /poor/ Adjective: Too much month at the end of your money.
Good luck to shady side review's nominees for Dzanc Books Best of the Web 2010 Anthology: Joshua Foster, Ryder Collins, and Kelly Lydick.
just wanted to say thanks for the great ics rom for my Inc 2 can't wait for a rc.
Niggas don't think I be noticing, I'm always watching
I never asked adults questions when I was a kid.
Never ever.
So I understand.
I've been disappointed so many times, not giving a fck is almost a reflex.
This Friday Us, Today and The Sound Museum will be taking the stage at Mainstay Rock Bar for a show of epic proportions!!
that sucks.
Just in the last few hours?
Thanks for your support!
Getting a kick out of all the April Fools' Day tweets.
It's like every news/corporate Twitter handle is writing like
You are awesome Thanks for representing Christ
yes, but if 1 or 2 stay home it's a problem.
Romney told a Florida crowd that he will protect Social Security and Medicare.
I know earlier he said that he supported a voucher program???
SHdc top 100 list is getting better, look for pics and bios next month!
when I eat pussy my tongue never gets tired like Da energizerbunny it keeps going nd going nd going
suppose its probably an elephant, eh?
: Happy halloween!
It's 2 cute Tuesday at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio bring a friend  both receive a discount on ur services
followed : x
Still up and I'm bored 
THE EROTIC .com
Props to for being more patient with me than normal this week.
No one should feel guilty for doing their job
Nah.
Maybe some hot tea.
At least I got some productive stuff done while I was up late.
ctfu i really dnt knw her real name but on fb it rainbow teen pride
Hey twitter, hit me with some good sources to follow for the French election.
Wrapping up 2011 w/ a leisurely 10K.
Kicking off 2012 w/ a 5K  Polar Bear dive and 15 day Juicing reboot.
My two friends have a band called  Feed the Friction ...
Before I got married I had six theories about bringing up childoctorn; now I have six childoctorn, and no theories.
J Wilmot
please follow me!
Love your music!
:
rain?
its raining where you are?
Did that actually take place?
Second leg UEFA CL matches resume today.
Will Bayern rally from their 1 goal deficit against FC Basel?
Inter v Marseille also in the mix.
Hot Wings Recipe from Epicurious
New respect for
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
31
lol okay but I will post more later on because my phone is dying  I'm out.
happy birthday austin for your doctorams to come true and for many more to come Happy sweet 16 baby 
Some creepy guy who looked like Bill Gates w/muscles just asked me if I party in the meat packing district.
The most important trip you'll ever make, is when you get up to meet someone half way.
Well of course more like inlove with them!
cenanation Can't wait
Good Morning my Muslimah Queen Have a nice day at school :
louisville looks pathetic compared to Kentucky
I think I'm ready to French kiss 
How scary!!
An earthquake just woke me up!!!!
Defining Moment on Immigration  New York Times
Also, please follow so that you can DM us additional account details or questions that you may have CH
They want YOUR music, theyre YOUR fans, its YOUR show, they buy YOUR merch, all YOU need to do is be nice  less into YOURself.
I'm at yo crib this Weekend.
I'm not prone to crying to music, but if I was, Bon Iver's cover of 'I Can't Make You Love Me' would absolutely bring me to tears.
I think i need to start a petition to get to move to MD so he can be my assistant.
They say, a picture is worth a thousand words.''But I think that they're wrong.
When I looked at yours, I was speechless
this reads as the House opposing the very people the citizens they work for, we sure do live in a weird world.
Maybe they're just pointing whoever scored the last goal on the point for the power play as a reward?
I'm gonna rip out my stomach in a bit if it doesn't stop hurting.
It's a warning
Our hearts are with all those that have served our Country.
May we honor them all, not just today, but forever.
How is it no matter what zone I'm in boarding a plane, front or back, I'm always the last person getting off?
such an amazing album!
RT np Stubborn Love  The Lumineers, thanks to
yet completely true.
Also: music festivals
I'm in such a good mood today.
Billy, thanks for connecting.
Stay in touch!
Matthew
I was doctoraming yesterday that my mohawk was gone!
Another perfect day to surf in San Diego.
Thanks to all who made it to practice on time and were included in our latest team photos.
I've listened to AC/DC Live probably 15 times this week.
Find your doctoram home!
www.everetthomesnw.com
Austin Kearns grounds out to third.
Tell me if you've heard this one before.
A4.
Toss up between several; I want to meet them all!!
but I'd love a workout partner :
when does this show let out?
Your event always have the wrong times, frustrating.
I'll go, which night?
Me: I'm not saying you're ugly, but you're about 37 tequila shots away from being my type.
Dex: 0o
jcwesternwear.com has a sale going on for fathers day
RT : me  did our thing!
Shout to  for connecting the dots!
friends are fake if there just tittles if theres no proof of friendship your useless.
if theres no proof of loyalty and respect kill yaself
TODAY: 1 off pint night  Circa 33
The best students are given the toughest problems
cold cold and really cold!
Why do I live here again??
I need a better reason to justify why I don't bail and move to the equator!
For whatever reason, whenever I see your name, I immediately think of Andy Dufresne from Shawshank Redemption.
Looks like DOJ is catching up with concealed carry license application processing.
Mine was issued right around the 21day mark.
you are a wizard
I LOVE YOU NIALL3 can you please follow me?
Is one of my biggest doctorams.
Dough for pretzel bites made, doctor rub on spatchcocked chicken, short grain brown rice with.....something.....ready.
Hope husband is hungry.
Proud that several of the staff is volunteering at MLKday!
RT this if you are too!
I remember when the Broncos lost to the Lions, SO many Raider fans trolled me LMFAO ..
Where are those Raider fans now?
They all blocked me.
Lindsay Lohan's line of coke
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing.
Albert Camus
IMISS da days wen my daddy use ta rent me n my girls cars JUS ta joy ride..haha we was 14 n 15 den smh
Thank you both for the RTs!
Have a good week.
WEWANTROMO e really do
Hell yes it IS jammi'.
yo.
You have made me laugh
Thanks for the retweet!
today's Anderson show, that girl Irene from the park on today's show was on real world Seattle.
Anyone know that?
y would i care if u in bed
Guys are arguing about Jim Schwartz  whether he  his staff can make changes sooner rather than later.
How can you hurt someone who loves pain!!!
I was late!
RT : I ALREADY KNOW IS ON TWITTER!!
As a welcoming gift I gave her Batwings!
95 of people text things they could never say in person
I can't admit that I can live without you in my life.
ahahghahaahha RT : I blame everyone for my problems.
Except Shaggy, because we all know it wasn't him.
m, whiskey.
Enjoy the week by celebrating Organic Farmers in the NW  Chef Specials, Gluten Free  Raw Food Dishes, Cocktails  much more www.blpdx.com
thanks for the RT!
Beautiful!
Happy Mother's Day!
Guys.
There is SO MUCH TRASH all over Broadway, blowing around.
It makes our community look ugly :
np indifference can't wait till chevelle comes back to the mil.
I'd see seether but nickleback is going to be there so no lol
I'm a grownass woman, I'll say what I want.
;
them crazy fuck boys!!
Delone Carter just signed with the Colts.
Is he the best dynasty RB that no one is talking about?
Leading doesnt always mean doing  more often it's pulling back to create white space so that others can do.
Levi's swipes some of Charles Bukowski's best lines for their new ad.
My heart cringes.
So many AA are raised not to love God but to fear him!
For me, true freedom was losing both!
What a blessed Athiest I am!
Got some movies and pizza hut for me and mi amor 3
You know things are strange when MidWesterners are happy when it snows.
Folks in Ill, Ind.
Ohio downright giddy after 1st snowfall of yr
congrats I've won
go Ari go!
I am almost done with my papers!!
:D so close I can taste it!
Legit almost just passed out...
Due to choking and having to sneeze at the same time..
Off of work, dinner then homework ew.
But on the bright side last week of school!
:
Go Giants.The Packers get the breaks early but Big Blue defense will prevail,
Took a timemachine to the future.
Future Doug was doctornk and wouldn't bum me 5.
Dick.
Remind me not to give past Doug  If I ever see him.
There goes the shut out
All this testdoctorven development talk is making me queasy.
Remember when Kim Basinger should have gotten an Oscar nomination for The Burning Plain in 2009?
My pleasure!
I would love to use Butterfly for a poetry book cover.
Contact me at
Portland's Rose Festival princesses are good students, good community members, good role models.
Selection starts this Weekend
Thanks for the follow, R!
Catch us at Plush Thursday night, we have 2 great new songs!
GirlsRock!!
I've been fantasizing :
Do you ever Watch any of the Sunday Morning Political News Shows?
I can provide you more followers so follow me and get my followers all are back followers if you not followed by me retweet me
It was great seeing and at the ABDC taping yesterday :
Fuck the jets god fuck them
are you going to make an appearance in the new Friday movie ?
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE my phone3
So, when the Cauldoctorn invades next weekend, they'll run the joint, essentially?
What do you have to do with all of this?
Sad...
I miss you too!
RT Sunday craft day but missing my partner in crime
Westside Connection  Bow Down
Wow, US Airways charges 25 for booking a flight by phone...
anyone know if that kind of luddite tax is common?
Spanish Hustle  The Fatback Band, Planet Patrol  Play at YOur Own Risk, K.oS  Superstar Part Zero
Watching Florida election returns.
I love a good presidential campaign!
Thanks for the FF mention and back at you.
Have a great weekend.
follow This guy!
Taught me A LOT of stuff on bass...
Even tho he plays keys
It seem like the people you closest to don't believe in you and want you to fail
Okay so I'm not getting any sleep tonight.
i like the dirty blonde look
Gaithersburg fight song is the same tune as WVU?
HA!
I was thinking the same thing while listening to it yesterday!
Y U NO LET ME EAT CANDY....FUCKIN DENTIST
that's the best answere I have heard yet lol
Mothers and newborns also benefit from massage, making motherchild bond stronger
Black and proud ; 
Shoutout to an amazing artist, thanks for helping me promote!
The closest I came to vomiting tonight is when I saw Ann Coulter's shoulder blades.
Jack Donaghy
thanks, Megan!
The article doesnt point to that..that was my own assertion.
I am embarrassed to be a Sounders season ticket holder right now.
I never knew love would hurt this bad, the worst pain that I've ever had.
I'm in New York :/ RT : Los Angeles
About to rerecord Monday's episode of making my offering to the Skype gods now
Getting ready to record some Adoctorfor Camp Rock 2
RT : that sounds like a great turnout.
25 iTunes gift card standing by and a fun presentation from
it is still in development.
Have an email?
I will send u my future AppStore description so you can critique and explain it!
:
suprisingly!
I was very pleased.
Wash, condition, n cut wr 40.
I can gv u his number, if u'd like.
Thanks!
Nw Bustin Loose w/Richard Pryor and Cicely Tyson.
If u don't know, u betta ask somebody!
of course, I'd never walk into a candle store, so there's that.
whoa...
That kicks ass.., congrats
Done cleaning the house for my momma, now time to relax and watch a movie until she gets home :
But your beard will live FOREVER.
I CAN'T CONTROL MY CRIES!
Pronounced bayt zedik, our name means House of Justice.
Over 35 years, Bet Tzedek has helped over 250,000 clients.
So excited to announce that we will be providing recycling service to all 5 Houston area GreenBank locations!!!
I'm trying to come up with a reason I haven't done any work the last three days...
Celebrating a decade of mamahood today.
Happy Birthday, Henrik!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers of the world..today is your day!
I'm young so no I won't apologize for any of the dumb shit I pull.
It is surreal to be home visiting in Pennsylvania
Spent the day in mtgs browsing iPad stylus options.
Solid.
good evening one and all, hows it hanging this wonderful evening?
its so fluffy!
i can die!
Lol!
Hey everybody, time to go see my buddy 's AWESOME movie The Innkeepers this weekend!!
Support indie cinema!!
you know you wannnaaaaaaa
They sold out at Bridgeport before I could get there, 6:10pm.
chocolate or beer
We're heading to Delafield Panera bread.
The other team is running.
Guth finished his leg at 6:58 pace.
Still 2 minutes ahead of schedule.
LeBron's beard must be so jealous of James Harden's beard.
I love me some craisins!
Room monitoring at pla12 is allowing me to see programs I might not otherwise have attended.
Learning about NFC technology right now!
I just retweeted way to much!
iWish I Was In Ny; HappyHUMPDay SEXY!!
LOVE ya!!
3XX
Oh my god 10 more days left of my senior year :o
If I'm a NIGGA then you're a NIGGA too for calling me a NIGGA because that's what NIGGAZ do.
LMAO
Who's everyone's favorite to win the StanleyCupPlayoffs now?
We have 4 captaininMorgan mixers for those of you looking to watch tonight!
So Williams gets checked in the dome and their no penalty why?
are you sure your 18
Everyone tweet me,I'm going to be in the hairdoctorssers for hours!
Let me askconstancio some things.
Will you please follow me?!
AND I LOVE YOU!
ALSO.
You need a name for your fans.
Please.
Nerdin' it up.
Downstream insights are faults that become trouble.
via Michael Allen
when does the one thing video come out?
:
294 Followers!
Can we get 300 by the end of the day?
Follow us  learn more about Education for Sustainability!
It needs to snow like forty inches so we don't have any school
cold or allergies, still can't figure it out.
watching when harry met sally and trying to will myself to go for a run.
Every second you spend angry or upset is a second of happiness you can never get back
oh cool
Thanks a lot!!!
Aye, Wasssup my nigga...
Daang this party live!
Twerks my way inside the house
we use d5 in our building k5.
We also use CAFE schoolwide
EG declares LA's 1st Latinas in Media Day.
Honors Pilar Marrero, Josefa Salinas,  my excolleague Luz Villareal of Dateline NBC.
Congrats!
Looking for a low price website designer to do a header and blog buttons DM me if you know a great designer
loving all of the help from for the project in rva.
Police are helping volunteers
IMO, this has been a really awful season of
well we can finally put that question to rest!
If you Say It  Mean It....I would say Yes in a Heartbeat.
rocking out
Like that startup lunch thingy?
I think it will be awesome!
i love you too:  winning:
RT  Need jacksonville jaguars, since i use to live there
Flower gleam and glow.
3
On hold waiting for an instructional discussion with a vendor.
Cancel that, I'm now on a dead phone.
Interesting: I can hear the ocean.
people ask why we troll, its because there is no soul
Thanks again man.
I can't wait for the weekend of the 16th!
Questions in the bathroom tonight.
Does a frog have a butt?
sigh
Before the Internets, what did people visiting their inlaws do to pass the time?
Grading a paper with properlyset Paragraph Spacing After, I feel like looks weird.
Curse you, Microsoft Word!
You've broken my eyes!
Do you realize we live in an age where we create  have a hit song the same day?
Not possible 20 years ago.
You don't want to get stuck in traffic tonight.
Forget about doctorving home.
Just come see us at the Rubicon.
It's Firkin Thursday!
best days ever.
sorta fell in love with your characters, Marty, and Topher3
ok!:o I thought you were actully alli?!:L
When the ICONic Boyz hit the ABDC stage next week, I'm going to cry
RT : Cong Frank on Iran nukes no difference of opinion/ approach bw Obama and Romney on danger and need to stop
I love it nothing wrong with extra baggage ; 
Meet with my attorney client this morning.
Business has more than doubled since I started working with them.
And we just got started!
SEX SEX SEX SEX SEX now that I have your attention....
idk I just wanted to post a status screaming sex in all caps haha
Hey Chicago!
Anyone know where I can get rid of about 200 cardboard boxes?
Are there recycling companies that will pick them up?
Whoa, you look just like Tyler.
The exciting moment when you get a mention notification from twitter only to be let down when you see it's from a spam account :
Are you somewhere near the triangle in North Carolina?
You should come see play tomorrow night!
I know u dont smoke weed, I know this; but Im gonna get u high today, cuz it's Friday; u ain't got no job...
and u ain't got shit to do:
Aw I really wanted Maria  Derek to win.
sadface But did you see Mark rush out there 1st?
Lovelovelove his  Derek's friendship!
A real nigga fuckin with a real bitch.
Compitition, I don't see any.
Thinking about getting Nancy flowers fer her bday .
Hmm
I'll do it when I get home.
We have to win.
of course my Damie!
Whats new?
Come by for a visit with the ravins sometime in your future.
Its gotta be the best, thebestlovesong she ever heard in her life
hahaha you do look like Edward scissorhands!!
:P
.........that is the cutest picture I have ever seen
Learn about plasticsthe problems and the solutionsat a training session, Sun 10/2, 4pm, at , Bladensburg.
DM me to sign up!
do you gotta shit?
OMG love My Life by Game feat.
Lil Wayne
I got da best followers doe 
When u see me out I be like hell yea
Let's make it happen
Guy says he wants girl who doesn't take life too seriously.
Know what he's trying to say, but really, we should live life...seriously!
my mama is so lame man!
lmfao
I was going to correct but then I thought I wanted it that way.
Lol
the beginning of games always start off slow and then usually get interesting!!
They use the term Lanais here pretty frequently.
Doesn't matter where U are.
Thx for the follow!
I haven't read your book, but by the title, I completely agree and will have to check it out!
cant sleep can't sleep can't sleep!!
vsa2011 Nonvisitor studies Cecilia Garibay is demonstrating some cool visual representations of data
Want to surprise your bride with a ring?
Have someone else try it on so you can see how it looks before you make the purchase.
No salsa tonight.
See you Saturday night at Madoctorgall!!
Exchanging notes or talking trash?
cc:
We have a awesome NEW MENU COMING SOON!
As a follower you'll be the 1st to know what's on it!
I lied to y'all I'm going to a party biatch
DarkShadows LOOK'S FUNNY..
is reading a plan to solve the climate crisis.
August 24  The House of Blues!!!
THE ALL STARS TOUR!
Oh yus.
Sean, I think you need to take more pics of that bike...; Looks great man!!!
Nice.
Sprawl, discovery, colonizing, innovation and mediation.
Sounds like a great sunday!
Some friends are like pennies.
Twofaced  worthless.
It's Steak and Blowjob day...I got my steak, now whos gonna blow me?
You guys haven't played the Stones Dead Flowers this week.
It's the KSR official Derby song!!
We made it to Alba Italy.
Staying at BnB on the edge of the old city.
Already had best pizza  Barbera.
Ready for 3 more days of slow food
We are up to our eyeballs w/potential projects today but could not be happier!
So many organiz want to work with BUCDIA students we love it.
The WLPI will be closing on Tuesday this week and we wish you safe Thanksgiving travels and a Happy Thanksgiving!
Rain Rain go away so misterD's can paint outside today.Rain got you down ?
Add some color to your life today.We can add a rainbow of colors.
TONIGHT!
We play at 6:30PM at Altar Bar with The Summer Set  Come hang out!!
I'm at work.
Text me
Its FRIDAY..what's going on?
Remember that SlutWalk Chicago is happening THIS SATURDAY!
If you would like to carpool down, email
WIN 2 FREE FLIGHTS!
Follow  CheapTickets and RT this msg to be eligible to win.
Vote 4 our next TV ad, too!
aww your to sweet: Have a good nap 33 love you
Finally done skiing with my bros at keystone.
Extremely tired but it's been a blast.
yup.
Same old digits.
Call whenever.
Both days are pretty flexible.
And thanks!
Damnn Its Funny Cause I'm About To Have Soo Many Views On Youtube From My Remix!
The Numbers Are Climbing Every Second!
Did I mention that FEMWORKS is considering a new location that would expand our borders?!
Feel like ima be sick when I wake up...
but good night for now...
Fat Naked Dangerous
thanks for the tweet.
great quotes!
Have a great birthday Travis!
RT : RT : Happy Birthday wishes to Olympian today!
Happy birthday I hope you have a good one!
You so talented and wonderful in every way harryis18tommorrow :
I agree with the letter of your critique while completely disagreeing with its spirit.
If that makes any sense.
We must rid our minds of all preconceptions that could dull our sensitivity or alertness to fresh insights.
Neal Stephenson binge is really the only accurate way to describe my current recreational reading
I wanna get my doctorvers permit but at the same time I don't.
The nice thing about it was that once you set it up, using the stars was pretty quick.
Let's remember to report back on AI
Matt Painter is going, no wait...
He's staying.
Hold on  breaking news hes going.
Strike that, he's staying!
/
Worst headache of my life
good for her.
Don't be afraid to live.
RT Appunto!
: My grandmother has been talking about sprezzatura for ages.
I think everyone's watchin to see if somethins gonna happen today....
I'm only hooking this up if you save me some of last night's caviar.
Quid pro quo
Thanks for putting me on the list :.
Now, how do I move up?
Lol
blowin trees : how you been?
Manchester Arts Fest.
Jul 23  9 to 6!
Ariel MartinCone w Agnes Magnolia tshirts and gear.
capeannvacations.com/festivalevent.cfm?id44
ditto that my friend
Thanks for the Support Darla!
Oh  happy Mothers day to all the females  pregos on my News feed haha but really have a great day
Str8LykeDes...
Wit de fellas tryna get ova des flu...
can't find tickets anywhere!!!!!!!!
My sister is such a fucking idiot
A tragedy of mathematics is a beautiful conjecture ruined by an ugly fact.
Hurray!
Keep up the good work.
Cooper Bateman, one of the topranked quarterbacks in the nation, commits to Alabama
thank you...lol.
Thanks to all my followers.
I wouldnt be here if it werent for you.
lol its just a red hat Nothing on it
hahaha.
Well I guess that's good to know!
LOL
we need to have a neon party soon!!
beautiful people.
:
Who gots A doctorvein theatre in their Cityy!!!
Thanks, Holly!
well hm just say you took the Boob fat from it and stuck it in your ass lol
ooooooooohhhhh Billy is dead wrong.
Omg.
WHERE'S AN ARMED GUNMAN WHEN YOU NEED HIM??
Last night....Glee, TheVoice, and bits and pieces of
thank you!
Stay strong  God Bless
doctorught.
Water your trees!
All of your trees, including the big ones!
Even mature trees need watering.
Ahem, , I just ran into Chris Roberts and Tim Kerner a block from my office.
How'd you let them out of Jefferson Parish?
We have different saving programs whether you are a regular customer, a new customer or come to enjoy our services for a special occasion yo
I'm hurting but I'm not, I've forgotten the past hurt, it's time to start out fresh..
It's time to be new..
And your right I've always been
Everybody come see us!
Friday, August 19th at Fusion in St.
Augustine!
Will do !
You probably will very soon.
Haha :
Thats how you know GW had you hooked...
234566 mikeey or madisonn; and i love your shirt!
Try this: Before you do your regular vocal warm ups, go on an invigorating nature walk.
See if your breath support and focus improves.
Who do you think is gonna win the NCAA Championship tonight?
KU or UK?
KentuckyFTW :D
Getting ready for the Spring semester.
Comp I is almost done.
the blonde lead the blind i like the name of that song it makes me feel adequate.
yeah streetlight
Batsht crazy.
derailed her life years ago
Just watched hit 4 of 5 clay pigeons flying by on That was sick!
No other QB in the doctorft could do that!
Good morning, sir!!!!!!
lol!
But it was Tom Petty ;
You are a big account yes but you are not royalty so stop acting like you are.
can we get a follow for the new year?
Edge of Seventeen inspired Bootylicious.
Inspiration is a wonderful thing!
It's always cause for celebration when you discover there's more money in your checking account than you thought.
People usually complain about their looks, but no one complains about their brains.
It was but you did great and you looked really strong.
Luckyy !
Wish i could be a baller w/ no Job  you got it Made !
Lol
what song is it??
This is just silly.
The fastest person to run a mile in swim fins is Ashrita Furman from the USA.
It took 7 mins 56 to complete, but why?!
Thanks for the link!
Whoa, hash tags don't work on Facebook!
Maybe because they aren't suppose to...
Who could've known!
RT : Good Morning all..up early on my way to NBA CARES event..
lots of love!
Fail.
Left my library copy of The Big Short at work.
No reading before bed tonight.
:
You is kind.
You is smart.
You is important.
Now following my favorite Philadelphia institution:
Your welcome :
congrats.
is this for the columbia or fordham position?
Two days running we've seen doctorstic improvements.
Let's keep pushing Indiana's students to do more and keep up the great work!
omg XDDD that is only like the best picture ever!
XDD
Loving that new TV Show Human Target.
It reminds me of a mix of Mission Impossible, A Team and McGyver.
I think I'm gonna put baby to bed and then exit the living room and get in my bed this wine got me sleeeppppyyy
Omg I want to see the Chernobyl Diaries 
Remember, liberals.
Corporations are people.
But gay people are not people.
oh god I'm be in a whole lot of pain if I ever get my hands on a bottle of that stuff lol
The probability of life originating from an accident is comparable to the probability of the unabridged dictionary
Loose a follower gain another .
Lbs.
Listening to a stolen vehicle pursuit in E.
Hillsborough County.
Helicopter is following the car.
This guy aint going anywhere!
were his pants on or off?
lol
My bros wedding is bout to b funny iama b crackin up the whole time
Danng.
Billy Cundiff is trending.
I love him doe ; I love the Ravens, my home team.
BaltimoreRepresent They tried their hardest.
Thanks for the follow!
I am already nervous about tomorrow's math final.
trashy ass is a bully.
do it fast this time Kd's are fucking nice
do not!
I went to city walk after so :P
like how I troll people?
lol
Gratz Billy!!
I bet I can hear alotta barking from Cleavland on Sundays here in Boise.
Appreciate that !!
Pulling strings here for FANSHOES goods to be delivered to Rochester, NY intime for Mississippi State University's Greek week trip!
Ron Paul's campaign dies without healthcare.
and pizza
Another ; cheers!
Allergies can go Flower themselves.
Just because you from Chicago doesnt mean you have to be a bulls fan, heat all day
Championship Week ...
Sweet
For a healthy snack, cut an avocado in half and doctorzzle with balsamic vinegar.
Yummy.
Thanks !!!
Have a great rest of your Monday!
cool cool.
Fyi.
I'm just hungry!
Maybe the Colts should take Tebow just in case Luck cannot play with the big guys!!!!
Pass the bowl Willie.
Do you have your team ready for AdworkersSoftball?
They need a like button for tweets.
Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow :
Stun into bliss!!
Yes!
Girl who keeps her toes  nails done
Second service is packed, yo.
I hear that!
scraps digs the super moon action tonight.
super excited.
why am I losing followers????: I'm not that mean:
Is that a keg in your back pocket?
Cuz I'd love to tap it!
RT Can I get some love  tell people to vote for BNB on National Warped Tour Competition.
Make me ur fav artist  vote!
A few things you didn't know about 'Idol' contestant Skylar Laine  Jackson Clarion Ledger
City Planning Committee will discuss designating the MurrellCapers House as a Cleveland Landmark today at 1pm.
words of wisdom from the Cardinals camp?
We filter information through our own biases and world view.
Mention this tweet for 4 off any 18 pizza right now and for the rest of the day!!
Leaving Mt.
Sterling now.
Starting a bit late.
Have to make time.
2nd half..AND SKINS RETURN THE KICK OFF FOR A TOUCHDOWN!!!
damn ma,glad you are ok.Doesnt sound like those 5guys were really MEN tho.smh
Tuesday Tips are ready for you to enjoy!
Get a Box of Tps, Larg Fry  2 liter of Soda for 13.99.
You will not walk away hungry!
Cheers mate!
love the new pic!
you are such a cutie/hottie ;
Software Development Engineer, SeniorIEB / Microsoft ...
Holy shit my sounds system is perfect for electronic music..
At the Amador Valley vantners harvest wine tasting event outside Sacramento.
The Big Crush.
1st stop Dobra Z.
See if you'd tweet more then I would know it was really you, trying to save us all 3.
goodbye is too good a word, babe.
so i'll just say fare well
WATS GOOD LUV THE ENERGY U GIVE NFL NETWORK U ARE A FUTURE.
HALL OF FAME ANALYST
How about a setting per repo?
I personally like menu bar color change but single dock bounce would be ok
My sister jus had a slight scare her head was hurtin so bad I told her go to the hospital luckily she did her pressure was fatally high
rt If you don't know where you are going,you'll end up someplace else.Yogi Berra  great quote  without a map it's all random
is excited to be presenting  exhibiting on redesigning security.
JOIN US TODAY at 10:15am.
MT doubtful i ever tire of command line interfaces.
Like casting spells; making data fly around thru net
Every fanbase has its fair share of morons.
long island starbucks, dont show calories.
so much easier to order a donut!
Ron Artest should be ashamed of himself for even sending lil mess to someone!!!
LMAO!!!!
Congrats to the new uncle Keep up all the hard work bro
The organizational strategy is not the same as consensus building  Janine la Sueur
HAH!!!
You're kidding, right?
dude!
we r gonna sell millions of free mags with your cute face on the cover, hahahah
Wow!
These endorphins are coursing through my body like crazy!
I want to Rock out with my schnout out!!!!
haha yeah idk what was wrong.
I wasn't getting any tweets :p
Going to blue man group rather unexpectedly tonight
just ica12 for main/general stuff, then divisions.
Otherwise TMI in the stream.
i luv u but not only how u look but how u act so please come to homestead its 10 min from miami
THIS!
RT : Beautiful day in NYC.
They mad cus I murderd the game and they name wasn't in the will.
Hm.
Maybe you could try a bad acid trip in a graveyard.
See Easy Rider for details.
Early start this morning to catch the CSRIC live webcast.
Great story, and great blind lead.
BC baseball beating the crap out of FSU today  at least they'll get one win
Man, that is a nice looking lineup.
Go Tigers!
Finna read this history chapter smh....
why is it so long :
Team that scores first in this series now 04.
Check out our sister for the latest in travel news and tours from around the world.
And say hi to Kris!
In the Pops office , getting ready for rehearsal for Opening Night!
What was your favorite part of Men of Steel?
Let us know by commenting!
REPORT: Some people still say I'm not trippin'.
i get to see you lol oh remember the rotc fieldtrip is thursday from 94
Some days there won't be a song in your heart.
Sing anyway.
Emory Austin
Women with an attitude
Great!
: Thanks for the welcome!
I'll keep you posted when my website is live in Austin!!
haha!
Love it!
to vent
If you're seeking extreme success, you cannot be afraid to go against the crowd, make mistakes, look dumb.Karen Salmansohn
Yeah that would be awesome.
Maybe he will again one day.
At the club and the party starts at 9pm till 1am so get your asses down here and party
i luv 4am feedings so awesome
Fair enough, that's fine.
I'd just like to remain optimistic about it as long as I can haha.
Amen.
PTL Then.
ashwednesday is crazy like that!
after using a mac, you really can't get the antialiasing to look as good on Windows.
Even with Cleartype on.
Fix this in Windows 8?
Yes, b/c of his season full of injuries.
A beezs in the trap beezs beezs in the trap!
we need you nicki get your twitter back!!!
:
Gigi mixed girls can be bald headed, too!
Lmao
Thanks for RT ing our Brand Journalist position!
You know it's official, when it's unofficial and she's still loyal
going shopping with my mom and sister :
Playing at Branded Saloon in Bk this Saturday!!
Who is coming ?
I hate the neologism eblast with the intensity of 1,000 Tatooine suns.
So like 2,000 earth suns, right nerds?
My devotional tonight: Did you know that lack of understanding about how God does things can wear you out?
Yaah.
Noticed that.
Experience in sales is critical for companies is the general consensus of the panel at
Sponsored by
RT : Late night
Oh!
Jeremy Lin!
You have my heart!
Thanks to  for webinar on mobile learning.
Will aid us in implementing our mobile learning devices.
Ridiculousness is soo funny omg haha
Rarely feels good when your dumped, still trying to figure out this love thang
doctornkin and giving away some WiredFest2012 tix!
Come hang at Hammerheads in NE Philly on Cottman Ave!
Feel better !
I suppose you can never have too much coffee on a Friday, when you have more work to do then you have time for.
Let's go down to OP wings sound good too!
Addoctorss?
agreed.
Weather has been nice too.
Extreme jealously for the kids who get to be in full orchestra and play I doctoramed a doctoram
Thats fine.
Ashley was thinking ice cream?
ThingsILookFor Somebody who can keep a conversion going...and makes good sandwiches
I understand; it's not good for those who are unemployed either.
Take risk in LIFE!
Playing it safe only leaves you at the same plateau.
Don't forget to follow 24Infinity Founder and 24Infinity Athlete, professorssional Golfer
um thx for forgetting me and keke!
:
Exam time!
you're killing me
I heard its working on that for long time know
MT : Might Stanford reforms foster a twotier system, problematizing value of PhD in either market?
// Yes.
E.g.
DA degree reforms
Nice.
This the first time you're using SmugMug?
I'm curious how that's working.
Eating a slice of pizza with my wife on the Long island Railroad heading from Long Beach to NYC...not my usual afternoon but nice
Sad that I'm pumped to be home before dark
Literally asain women have no ass those fuckers gotta do some squats ASAP

So Javale McGee continues the streak of athletes who leave here  immediately perform better.
has to cover this in the doc
RT : Went tu Incredible Pizza for lunch  games!
I do not consider myself a human......Do not insult my intelligence or being!
love you too babe3
how about a Tweetup?
Haha when is it?
and why is it an emergency?
: you need to make it happen.
It's worth the trip I'll add it to my list of things to do!
love ya too guru ;
also be able to set up the playoff rotation, oh and maybe start at miller park?
Not in Philly
Thank you, archivists, for bringing us some MUCHneeded rain!
Come back any August!
Attention to the hcc students : has summer Break started?!
AWESOME!
The more the merrier, it's going to be a blast!
problem is: when I take a shower  I tend to find that it's cuz I'm in a rush  can't enjoy it as much!
16?
yea yea
well I hope u hurry up!
Lol!
RT : When the bum is numb the brain is the same!!
astd2012 awesome!
: 
i sorta got a new laptop...
giving us a great session on being digital pioneers
Nonfood related question: do you ever scan qr codes for info?
I thought it was a funny comment about her nowubiquitous Apple commercial.
That's all.
Thanks for the shout out!
I learned that good judgment comes from experience and that experience grows out of mistakes.
Haha the police officer is the one that worked at Lafayette and coach.
I figured lol
oh I'll have to look into that haha.
Once my sister gets of the computer, we will find out if I have dwarfed it up
If our greatest need had been money, God would have sent us an economist; But our greatest need was forgiveness, so God sent us a Savior!
CHECKING IN  MLB Arizona Diamondbacks at the VA Pentagon City Ritz Carlton this evening
isn't that the worst doctorve?
lol I doctorad doctorving to Cali every month!
We agree as well.
Always appreciate the great advice from for the InteriorDesign community
Just hit inbox zero, and heading to my first ever Rosh Hashanah dinner!
Happy New Year, y'all!!
Rain in July and flip flops SoCal got to love that
Dippin' Don'ts: Park Slope Parents Want Ice Cream Out Of Prospect Park  Gothamist
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
i started holosinating  shit and passed out text me
No studio tonight.
What to do?
Solano was sick but now has a herniated disc, Maldonado has been hitting better lately, if SYR is the choice, that'd be the guy
Cold and rainy.
Just watched Joss Wheadon's Serenity again.
Love LOVE that movie.
Also excited for his Marvel's Avengers.
Stop distracted doctorving 60ForSafety sign up to be a speaker at your local schools.
I did!
Love is an understanding...and understanding takes time
I hope a good picture of me gets picked for my memorial shirt if I suddenly die.
It's finally Friday  should be a GREAT shopping weekend :
A parrot talks way too much but cant fly high but an eagle is silent and has the will power to touch the sky
love having ya!
RT: : Pumping some iron at 
Watching the Finale of EscapeRoutes GoBlueTeam w/ 
Isn't that the way it always is?
is somebody on?
Hiring professorssionals to paint your home has many benefits!
I loooovee New Kids on the Block!
throwback 
looking forward to hanging out next weekend at the lake.
Had a successful kickstarter campaign?
What tips or best practices would you recommend?
yeah, creep!
Haha
OMG I KNOW
Romney plan keeps IRS in place.
Stupid.
Unimaginative.
Sign waving with was the most exciting thing I've done ever!!
Okay just because you use instagram, doesnt mean you're a pro photographer!
Still trying to figure out this whole twitter thing : i'm almost there LOL
No more senior skip day!!?
Looks like I'll have to do this the old fashion way.
thx...great article!
Cant wait to hear your thoughts!
I would suggest 1/2 a Harvest Benny and 1/2 OMG French Toast and a mimiosa.perfect breakfast
Happy Hump Day.
This is one big hump of a day too.
: are you the house?
No I am Elizabeth but I'm about to go to the house if that's what you mean
you better!!
;
i wanna try deep frying it
I agree, I bet this will become an option soon, I've heard so many people with this problem!
DON'T MAKE ME HATE YOU SCHLERETH
Tea contains catechin and polysaccharides, which have been shown to noticably lower blood sugar!
top home based businesses
You are on a team and im not!
So technically im not in the NHL
I just did
thx for the shoutout man!
Have a gd weekend!
I feel like I annoy him..so I'm not gonna talk/text him anymore.
No more contact with him.
Loving the AmazingRace and the boys from Kentucky.
Make us Wildcats fans proud!
Yeah, that's always entertaining!
Hahhahahaha.
Wait, Radio Shack exists?
RT : Honestly, I save good money as Mayor of Radio Shack.
so you might say I'm more than just a hat rack?
At dinner last night my date complimented me saying I have amazing bone structure..I still don't know how she saw it under the table though?
sound like you are having a great time!
NO WAY!!!
So jealous bro!
'cause spoken word is pretentious bullshit.
even the few that hear you aren't listening.
bout to go get ready for work..

what happened to yours?!
Stop by for a quarter lb Beef or Beef Polish sausage for 2.50!!
Try my Spicy Chipotle ketchup, and Garlic Jalapeno Aioli
understandable, too busy making delicious tacos  too busy eating them!
:
maybe he got slept and doesn't really even remember it.
I wouldn't talk about that either.
I don't think so LOL
Find out why healthcareworks with tonight: MT Join us 4 our tweet chat tonight  8pm use VAHCR to discuss.
blame it on Baylor's jerseys?
But it gets better!
Capitalize on the opportunity that rapid human brain development provides, realize the benefits that healthy childoctorn provide to all of us.
Hey now...you weren't asking for explanations.
You were asking for comments.
Let's not get greedy here XD
hey could you please follow
9 and 10 were when they all started that attitude.
It passes...then makes a return engagement.
;
I was kind of excited for the Royals today until I saw that it's Verlander day.
Total downer.
young the giant is definitely my new favorite band!
almost as gay as Robby's Facebook statuses
CandySwipe Free is approaching 1 million downloads!
How many followers are JFSLAers?
We have exciting news coming up about your Community Projects!
Last night I watched sell a cigarette for 10.
what the hell is this one!!?
feel like pizza?
go check out the new locbit screen inside of flipping pizza in Encinitas.
grab a slice and do a scan!
Nose hurts a little.
Did punch me?
Happy Birthday 3 .
Fantastic to see the smiles on the faces of the childoctorn when they get their Cirque photo experience pix
John McKeon, who hails from the Dallas Morning News, is replacing Stephenson as publisher.
just accidentally removed a physical bookmark and instantly thought: cmdz!
we're going shopping...again...
Happy Volunteer Appreciation Week to all of our amazing and tireless volunteers!
Thank you for all you do.
Strawberry pancakes 
We all love Whitney houston !
An angry wife wondering what you're doing hanging out with lady gaga...
yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!q AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHN
So now they start calling Macbook Air MBA!!
WTF!
Freaky ass!
Dolly Parton should have done that song as a Whitney tribute.
Looking at hitting up some fashion tradeshows for JenoLo Line...any suggestions advice out there.
I need 2 get my hustle on
Eva Angelina or the woman in my building apt 1901 your choice.
stay tuned for an exciting announcement from cityLAB later today...
Hello LA
Told my students if I feel that they're not ready they wont perform next month
Scott Aukerman uploaded Behind the Irony Curtain
Make sure the ladder of success is leaning against the right wall
Day two of Jazz Fest, lunch was a duck po' boy, rose mint tea, and Zapp's potato chips.
La Nouvelle Orleans, je t'aime!
the entire area around us has lost power :
problems of the rich.
God is my rock my refuge and all I need to make it from day to day
my favorite item from the ALDI Summer Seasonal catalog is the KingCraft 2400 PSI Gas Powered Pressure Washer
pretty well over here...u good?
My dad doesn't know why i'd trust anyone to hold my phone.........but if i can trust anyone not to mess with it...It's him
it might've been possible but I have no recollection of it.
I only know a couple words.
My mom never taught me growing up.
We will be extending our Back to School promotion until September 15th due to the delay in the Apple approval process.
See www.IEPpal.com
I keep having that doctoram ,it been 3times already
Everyone from VI is blowing up my timeline!!!
I'm just chilling like .O
from that angle he looks kinda cute!
Am I wrong?
Lmao
I more hour of torture!
if you are moving you don't have to have a for sale sign
No, no.
I just realized I had two fountain Diet Cokes at lunch.
And didn't count them because they weren't in cans.
Oh.
No.
I hate hearing guys from boot complain that there away from home and complaining all the time.
I knew what I was signing up for did you?
Finally going to bed after having miniheart attack about an assignment I almost forgot about.
Gah.
Can't wait to take a break from school.
you would know that weirdo
So nervous....
And excited!
But I can't wait to me you!
love you!!
no those are cougars that will be us but he will only be ours.
Gettin ready for work !!
latenight taco craving
RT : Going to pop open a new listing...let's see what happens with no advertising except street signs..
r u really mad at eve cuz i know it is all fake but i still luv it and hope u get well soon!!!
Heading to for the opening night of the CTD film fest!
o m g im finna fight u for my boy
Have you heard of Google Wallet?
It almost accomplishes the idea of having debit card on your phone.
Was something filming today on 16th just west of State?
Saw lots of trucks and equipment this afternoon.
We've had so many false starts in the last 2 yrs that I think people are holding their breaths to see if it's sustained.
Wtf is corey gunz doing right now ?
He aint even coming out with no heat
thank u but no way jose!
Been there, done that, worst pain ever!
Was gonna warn u to run!!!
;
working on imprinted lip balm project for nonprofessort.
catching up on last season of South Park
The Mega Millions jackpot is now 640 million.
You could sign Peyton ManningMario WilliamsVincent Jackson  still have 1/2 your  left.
On Oracle: High system time utilization on fast machine
My pleasure!
Your palettes are delicious : RT thanks for the sweet RT
Happy Birthday for my son Dariel Estevez!!
Never would have guessed the only thing standing between tiger and the crown of best to ever play the game would be skirt.
crazy.
No tips for you since the weather sucks
funny how your klout couldn't get you that
Boys, these days..
..cant be loyal to smbdy thats not loyal to you
Thank you.
I had a blast.
It was great scanning the insightful wifilmfest gang each day.
The final installment is near!
ACK!
So upsetting already worried abt coyotes spotted in r neighborhood....
You said you were ok until now.
yea yea
Goodnight Twitter.
Good night moon.
Ah the joys of diaper changes and late night Twitter convos....
yay THANKS !!!!!
I'll hit u Sunday to see what's poppin !!!!!
Xoxo
why do you think you have it all figured out.
Listen to the coach!
I lost three fucking bitch follower just fuck your self fucking pussy
There's a dude whose job it is to muddy balls for an MLB team?
Cool.
how about a Spotted Cow??
The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly.
That is dedication.DeMille,C B.
What is up with JEEP pushing this genetic engineering?
It bugs me when ads dumb us down, b/c you know some will now SWEAR cars have genes.
Loving ladygaga new album.
I can't even pick a favorite since they're all so damn good.
littlemonsters, keep being brave.
:D
Another turnover?
WTF Packers!
Donald doctorver makes an awesome catch and then THIS?
Get your heads out of your asses!
PCA's Law  The Arts seminar on copyright law is underway.
Thank you to everybody who made it out.
Now let's talk intellectual property!
Good Night!
Art doesn't transform.
It just plain forms.
Roy Lichtenstein
thanks johnny rocket Vegas casino!!!!!
Merry Christmas!
Hope to see you back home in Austin soon.Hope my scene made it.It was an honor.Thank you.
I'm sorry...to you..but not to the Lakers.
lol
I guess that combo is a fair and cheaper replacement for
It's pretty timely for our university.
We're currently working on a web overhaul.
Being a grownup is awesome.
Real love NEVER dies.
thank you
A3: Flexibility in team/org structures to allow for different communication/work styles.
Oh fantastic.
On my way up to SF to finally get to the to try my Whiskey Business, and I forgot my winning gift cert at home.
Your decision to be, have and do something out of ordinary entails facing difficulties that are out of the ordinary as well.
Tried to enroll in amexredbox for May.
Previous offer was for April.
Response states already enrolled.
Please clarify.
YEAH he did!
RT : of killed it at tnw2012 in Amsterdam!
Have fun at school!
I know who I can text!
my bf!!!!
oh wait....I don't have one.
forever alone.
lmao
Boys that text Slow af :/
it doesn't look like Tucson is in the system yet.
You should check with to see when they will udate Tucson.
Very interesting use of video.
Are any of them private?
Or all public...
We would be happy to look into this for you.
CS
Inspired by life
be the one who finds fault, and you're observant.
be the one who looks for fault, and you're just annoying.
Damn HOSTING and thats my event.
But had some biz out of TOWN.
Catch u on the next HOLLYWOODALLIANCE EVENT
vampire weekend Run 33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
I have to live in the lamest neighborhood in america : ......Countdown, 26 more days
I thought this tramp was gon give me an A in the class smh....
I mean I don't understand, she gave me the wink and the gun lol
shit lets get it in soon!
Not a bad obsession...
try having one with Hopes High though!!
;
Real happiness comes from friends and family, food and wine.
We want to share in your happiness!
Who has good news about the economy?
I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a 'harbinger today!
You're welcome, Brendan.
Everything happens 4 a reason/on time.
Heard from 2 of my close friends today.
NOW headed to Social w/ Kyra :
word bro
Sleeping to pass time
There's just some times when you need to blare Shake It Out in your ears at work.
This is one of those moments.
One...Two...Many grape leaves
900 Followers!!
I love all of you x
me or pizza.
LOOOL
Sometimes you just have to take the leap and build your wings on the way down.
Kobi Yamada
The difference being that Tebow is a below average QB and that Lin is playing like one of the best PG's in the NBA.
Strangers can become bestfriends just as easy as bestfriends can become strangers.
Interview today hope i get this scholarship
this is my 600 tweet soo proud of myself!
Where The Fuck Is Your Roster !
I Pull Up In That New New Maranira  Pasta .
Feeling grateful to have such wonderful Twitter peeps!
Sorry, no time for loser trolls today.
Gots lots of work to do!
I could watch you for a lifetime, you are my favorite movie.
Well we can do the same as we did the last time, I want to know the sizes and how much they want, so i can be perpared in time
I just heard Jeff Suppan is starting for the Padoctors tomorrow against the Brewers.
This is May 1st not April 1st right?
Never heard of the sock but I know how much pain you are having.
It's Official Pittsburgh Steelers center Maurkice Pouncey will miss this Sunday's Super Bowl against the Packers with an ankle injury!
Courage isn't the lack of fear.
It is the willpower to do something when you are scared to death to do it
iiiisssshhh I hate typos!!!
sounds great to me!
So excited to catch up.
thk you  I just emailed you.
2 more days left of school!
Since I'm about to record my show...
any requests?
Amy?
Chillin' and Grillin' sweepstakes  come in  fill out an entry form and you could win the Ultimate Tailgating Set Up!
Sweepstakes ends 9/1
your near me, bomb.

it's my choice.
Seems like I can be a bit more productive up here on the 12th.
That's wonderful.
Enjoy ur mother's day!!!
seems like you like the LA coastal scene.
On the set of with client , then headed over to !
See you there!
I don't wanna study for this chem test.
very good :
Any links you can share re: automation of map scan georeferencing?
Sounds very interesting!
Early to DFW.
80 and sunny.
AND I got bojangles?
That's a good Monday morning, courtesy of
so sad I missed last night.
Heard it was devine from a few.
Tell me more!
my birthday is coming soon!!
If you missed on , please believe she's headed for the soul Stratosphere!
My 80 yo aunt is our family mom.
Everyone has felt her loving care: her grandmother, mother, brothers, childoctorn  grands.
Lucky us.
PLEASE FOLLOW MEE!!!!
:
Google gets first selfdoctorven car license in Nevada Google's selfdoctorven cars will soon be appearing on Nevada roads after the state's De
SHOW TONIGHT  Beat Kitchen  7PM  21  8  Ben Ripani Music Co.
w/ Great Divide, The Damn Choir  Kerosene Circuit.
See you there!
good morning to you too!
I'm finding the fact that it's snowing on bitly highly irritating.
And I'm not alone.
Top100Lies I can't make it to work today.
I'm sick.
not at all!
I'm more of a High Fidelity fan for best love movies...
I really need to watch Beyond The Mat again.
Haha, yeah it does.
:D
will do!
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
you need to cheer up
WHO U TALKIN TO SISSY I'M LOST...I HATE TWITTER LOLL
Beat The Buzzer is going up to 1,500 today!!!
It's going to happen at 12p, 3p, or 5p!
hey.
sry i can't be there in Maryland this wknd.
Baseball conflict.
I'll be opening for u on ur Indiana stops in August.
what's ups
30 more minutes until they finish adding more servers
you got the set up or space to record a jazz trio?
Hi !!!
Your very first attempt at instagram was very successful in my opinion.
Love the pic  your smile :
I love you blake Ops i mean jazmine!;
woohoo!!
I'm so excited for you!!
help spread the word.
New Church at SDSU The River coming soon!
Suprised he not sleep lol we just talking bout everything!.
Goal for next quarter: become more active on LinkedIn.
thanks bro...
you can't do that on television.
Thanks for the add!
My focus is to bring the Beauty Counter to you!
Stay tuned for Beauty tips all year!
It doesn't matter how long I have known you, or how much I loved you.
When you become a liar, you lose me.
I know, Im a little late,
My summer is going gr8 fun
OH SNAP!
RT Times Square generates about 110 billion in economic activity every yearabout as much as Portland.
Yup.
Really.
Old pipes RT : Really?
Cold, of course.
Warm water may have lead in it from pipes.
Ah song 11:11 is playing right now on 98.5 the beat!!!!!
YES!
GOOD JOB LOWE!
What's good wit you P!
Nordic Creamery Cheeses just arrived!
NY run in the first is on Montero and the mystery cutoff by Smoak
HEY!
y'all can still bid on affordable art in RW!
throughout the whole monththur 58, sat 125.
go getcha some art at RAA!
Rev.
Jackson speaking now
thanks Frare!
Xo
Fearless Frank Osowick defeats Brad Green by TKO for failure to answer the bell starting the second round.
Bus stop at the end of the weekend  CSI technician's doctoram.
All the fingerprints and bodily fluids in here could be a master's thesis.
While you wake up today, someone is breathing their last breath.
Thank God for another day.
Don't waste it.

Right there with you Jenn!
I can't wait!!
:
Mark Sholtez is playing Hotel Cafe in Los Angeles on Monday night at 7PM sharp
Who's gonna help Howie out?
RT : I need 100 more follows and I will tweet a picture of my finger
absolutely!
Would you like to set up a free estimate?
DM me your info or give me a call
ILikeMyRamenNoodles with hot sauce and ranch
Today 1957: the infamous commie bashing senator from Wisconsin, Joseph McCarthy dies of liver failure.
3 years old enough to pee old enough for me
are you going to the game?
I guess it was a 2011 to me cause I'm retarded.
Will correct
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
: The coverage of Penn St.
is great, but I wish you had more on
The line dancing is especially disheartening.
you can lose the weight  but can he reverse those blackened lungs?
I can't put up with that type of nonsense anymore
It's nervewracking to watch presenters use my laptop.
Who knows what will pop up.
thatcamp thanks
hahaha okay well I'd it makes you feel better I will NOT get a pit bull or pug
Collaborate with your actors.
Believe me they will appreciate it!!!
Bout to get this IAMdoctorID TV up in running real soon i need a loyal cam man
That sad moment when I see that doesn't follow me.
'tis a wintery mix...but nut'ins sticking
such sweats
I forgot how epic Animal House is and how often its ripped off
From the dog's point of view, his master is an elongated and abnormally cunning dog.
Mabel Louise Robinson
I would never give spoilers.
It was amazing.
Totally going to see it again Sunday.
AWESOME!
I AM SO EXCITED!
:D Thank you.
no It happened after I bought the car lol I hit a pot hole or something and it damaged my tire
Ha!
Sorry!
Playing with TweetDeck
Now if u from Indiana I apologize but if u ain't its still fuck u wasn't nobody talkin bout granger b4 the playoffs FOH
DeLeo: We need to explore every avenue to fight back against this destructive tide of federal financial disengagement.
At Beverly Wilshire Hotel, maybe I just happen to walk by the Mad Men casting!
Thinking about joining a new cult.
Any suggestions???
why because artest is gone?
That nigga weak anyways.
And kobes pregnant lol.
is reporting Joe Paterno has died at the age of 85
Haha right on!
Packers, Angels...
I look around but its you I can't replace.
Just made to minecraft episodes and a website Video
Bulls playing good team defense tonight, and Boozer and Deng played BIG offensively.
If they can hold Jrue  Iggy to 26 again...
About to be On A Boat for 4 months.
Anyone have podcast recs that involve science, politics and/or tech?
hey everybody in mke  does anybody know a place to get very cheap or free railroad ties?
i just had the great need for a retaining wall...
Times like these i wish i had a smart phone
watch he's gonna makin more than los!
I would be a Reynard3
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Steve Jobs
oh ok we were in dc lol
Good morning, you keep it interesting.
Promise to stay fly?
IfITellYou how hard I'm working its an Understatement
And I saw the True Blood advertisement with Detective Stabler aka Christopher Meloni!
I'm so excited!!
love your bio, you are such a spastic dancer and it is amazing!
Also, spontaneous noise maker, as video from last Fri proves :
Why do your boobs not tan properly.
Damn it.
How do you assess creativity?
Develop a test you can't pass without creativity.
I'm gonna watch the voice 2morrow just too see my boo Jus10  I bet it's gonna sound so sexy especially those low parts oh yes!!
3
u stopped talkin to me....that's what I call it
hello Rob thanks for the follow
The butterflies I get hearing your name..
When you probably can't even SPELL mine.
Oh well shrug
Thanks for recommending How to Write a Sentence: And How to Read One.
It's terrific.
Lol.
I always catch this bitch in the middle of her lies.
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time
UpdateSecret Stall Tues  Sonic Baltimore 50 off if u park in secret stall.
Hints givenHint:The lucky stall either 19,20,21 or 22.
obsessed with Novelas....
Armory Week is from March 8th to March 11th and the westharlemartfund will be bringing you our latest installation and featured artist.
I LOVE YOU IN ALL LANGUAGES OF THE WORLD
Happy Father's Day to all dads, especially those in our Armed Forces defending our freedom.
A special thanks to my wife and kids.
Basking in the glorious weather.
There's nothing wrong with finding inner peace through outer beauty like that which surrounds me now.
Families are green screen tested for Money Makeover prgm.
Psychologist works with each family.
Judy Walz
I hope most of you rapper/producers don't quit your day job...
told my parents about gym they said that they are prob going to get me slip.
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time and goodbye for the last.
apparently it was his fault we lost..come on people GIVE THE GUY SOME CREDIT...the defense didn't win every game over 4 years
I am too
Let us go in; the fog is rising.
lol  cheese breath..
Happy Halloween to all you tricksters who survived the weekend!
What did you doctorss up as?
What were some of our fav costumes?
Show us pics!
Make the whole week about MLK philosophies so that you start a great trend .
Be an example of how we work together as a team for success
I know I wish I hadn't missed it.
The pics from around the world were awesome though!
I like the way u guys roll
Just booked my flight to Uruguay and Argentina.
Book tour starts June 27th!
rightly so sir.
rightly so.
impossible?
why nothing's impossible when u work for the circus!
Don't break the welder.
It's our only tool!
RT : Making stuff w/ at
Why do people beef but NEVER box?
Its just pointless!
Throw hands if its that serious, if not stfu.
I do a lot of craftbeer sampling..
Just a reference to say we have the problems..
And it was supposed to be dude BRO...
Lol
Thank u Flip!
My friends, fans and stalker thought the show was
Cal  Ricky interviewed together by could be either and A or an F.
I'm honestly hoping for the latter.
Today's focus: Ray Vega on WKCR 89.9 fm.
Now until midnight.
Truth!
RT People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
Jack Canfield
Titus Maccius Plautus Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
I know the story of my last name, yes?
Does it mean something to you?
dogwood date with
Im tired twiggas i love you goodnight Teamjawan TeamLea  thank you guys that followed me to day muah love ya
How fabulous.
Most of the new visitors to my site today seem to be spammers.
Awesome.
We are truly within the black heart of the American dark ages and the new confederate party are the blood letters
We watched it all night.
We grew up in spite of it.
shoutoutto the underground!!!!!
Love like you're 81, fuck like you're 18
thank you : sorry I'm late !!
Hope to meet many of
YES..
5:00pm..
time to go home!
ttyl peps WOW..
Im still feeling good, not sleepy yet.
:p
what were you TRYING to spell?
3rd time in 3 picks has gone to a commercial break right before Bears pick.
slaps you back but with my hand
Hip hop fighter?
Larry Merchant is quickly moving into Pat Summerall territory
big bang theory is hilarious :D
So not feeling this Confluence upgrade at the moment.
im really sleepy happy new years WilDChildZ ICONiacz GRANDerz Bliebers love ya
Aw I'm so happy for Octavia
scms12 tracking the history of the theft of african american music via copyright law from lomax to rock
On the downside, all of our good relievers are gone.
Better win this one quickly here.
Hands down and in Detroit in 2010 for the Home 2 Home tour.
Best experience of my life!!
actually, just recalled our last video chat.
So that'll be a big fat NEVER MIND to my last taunt.
that's a good question.
I probably come after I get these kids.
I am nothing if not fully dedicated to costumes!
Crap, mister The Altuve put a charge into that one but Nady with a nice running grab to end the inning...
No that was last night.
Californian's change their mind often :
so does that mean don't come up?
Haha
haha.
Hopefully it's not a long 2 days!
Agreed many mayors make little difference and Warriors move long ways off but owners have legit interest in SF, unlike MaloofsSac
Farewell Continental BOOM!
Joe, I think he's such a class act...
Fair story.
If you could message me his email, I'd appreciate it.
Unfortunately Robert Lee  Berkeley  Google still  civil war
Interesting topic.
Perhaps the answers lies with offering perspective versus just opinion or solely fact.
you a bad girl and your friends bad too.
damn I had no idea I would have totally wanted to go
u watchin the ultimate merger, boy toccara....
I like that though, a LOT
Can a hummingbird fly lazily?
Never argue with a fool, onlookers may not be able to tell the difference.
Mark Twain
I think it's kind of sad that I'm SO excited about working from home today ...
am I getting old???
BullsNation it's all over 4 the time being..
now the work begins
It's amazing how a different mindset can completely change how you react to a situation.
it is nice, still need to get my shirt too
Just saw Charles Manson on my train, great day for public transportation
PANACHE PRIMED FOR WINDSOR WIN
Hope to see you TONIGHT at the Mixer!!!
7pm...campus center 450....BE THERE!
Today is too real
finishing up some things around the new apartment...
GameOfThrones lost me a little bit last night with the killing of Bran  Rickon
I hate guys who are conceited .
History Channel REALLY wants me to believe in aliens, both modern and ancient.
so, , when is your Christmas album coming out?
;
sell recovering from when we sold the farm to whoop your ass in 07 sweepcity plenty of room on the celtics bandwagon, tix r cheap
This is great!
RT : CoffeeClinic in session.
professorssor is in.
So are they bringing back Toonami or what?
so im watching Disney channel tonight because my boyfriend, ,is staring in a movie.
r u gonna b coming back to Louisville to sign???
Missed ya the first time around!
Will be tweeting some more today from Quail.
Supposed to meet up with Aaron Baddeley in the next hour.
Column from yesterday being edited.
You can spell Grinch from Gingrich with a spare i  g for good measure.
I think the best Dylan album was one of the things Wittgenstein deemed impossible to talk about.
HappDy New Year!
Don't doctornk and doctorve.
Be Safe  Club
It's possible that I may end up spending more time writing up the minutes of this morning's meeting than I spent in that meeting....
No one likes bees.
Can we skip the first game and get to the Packers Giants game please?
Guy watching MLB.tv next to me in class?
Twista ft.
Trey Songz Girl Tonight..
K phone I get it you hate me , now let me get my text and I messages from everyone !
man i hope they come to la aside from coachella...
Sounds great!
The Cape will be beautiful, and Ptown not so overrun.
idgaf sure!
i have some creativitiy enhancers if ya feel me
Last chance to win an iPad 2!
Giveaway doctorwing is tomorrow morning!
www.blastoffnetwork.com/giveaways.aspx?i1
I use GoDaddy.
They will install WP on your server for free.
Saves LOTS of time setting up.
Not even to work and I already want to go home lol
Skype soon?
Miss ya!
GOOD JOB!!!
Night!
Life is a game what position do you play?
Real shit.
There is always more then what meets the eye Some of us are just alive NOT LIVING
If I moved back up north I would go to New York and go to Parson, but i wanna move to California : UCLA is my doctoram college
I made my mind up , when I turn 18 ima get a tattoo on my stomach ;
I started to tell him Sydad lol
I bring out the best in no one.
Most important competency for future leaders?
Bill Byham: Interpersonal Relations
When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful..
I think your account is hacked, keep getting spam from you
keys to success: know yourself, keep your ego in check, don't fuck over or judge anyone and value personal relationships over material items
it started making weird noises.
So I stopped.
part is distributionI want items from nytimes, tn, other.
1015/mo to EVERYthing I might want a little from?
Nope.
Planning for the Future  Edmonton Eparchy  Official Website
Baseball: Canby takes a 10 lead after Brady Thompson's RBI single to score Mike Caruso after 1st inning over Oregon City.
My dad just told a customer service person: You're the bomb.
Wow.
Lovers to bed.
Tis almost fairy time.
buffalo wild wings silly lol
I'll try to be there.
I hope over the Christmas holiday, while you are enjoying time with your family...
dying laughing ahahaha
Forthcoming Des Ark album is awesome.
9  0 NY end of 1st.
..not impressed w/commercials
Pregnancy, periods, breast cancer, being walked on, rape, abuse ...
Females go through a lot.
WOMEN ARE STRONG.
Last three weeks on the road with this team has been a wild ride.
They really earned it.
Rick has forever quieted his critics
Wait, only one?
Soup Nazi?
Al Yeganeh, the original soup man, now made me my lunch.
Just for me.
Not you.
Vegetable garden soup and Al's salad.
MMMMMMGood.
thanks for the kind words.
I hate when ppl do that too  how are you ?
long time no see hope all is well sweetie
Wow, the symbolism of that moment just proves how amazing Marc Cherry is I wanted to cry in sadness  happiness
RT : Zing!
Any free tickets 4 poor college students ....whilst watching The Food Network?
Nope, just
I know!
I'll hit you when I get in.
Do you guys have practice today?
can't wait to get back in the studio to record some real music lol follow me and I will def follow u rite back ;
we'd get some special folks in applying that's for sure.
I never realized the Spinners where on the Motown Label as much as I love their music.
Not yet...
Just a teaser.
sorry I mean they pay 100/month for outbound calling, and my service lets them place outgoing calls by triggring an incoming call
Alan Alan Alan Alan Alan alan!
Go to www.thelotteryshow.com and watch a live comedy show with live comedians and chat live!!!
It's live!!!!
I'll chat with ya!!!
If only they were embarrassed for themselves.
QT : Wow, The Jersey Shore cast is just ridiculous.
I'm embarrassed for them.
CalvinBall would be extremely hard for a computer to win.
Excellent reference.
hello all, new name to reflect new attitude, from now on RobynRyli.
Pass it on!
Asking how others describe you can help get descriptors for
All those fairy tales are full of shit.
Instead of retweeting my entries, I commented on your latest blog entry to make it easier to access and read clearly.
and i are sooExited for trueblood!!
couldn't come fast enough.
I'm missing too much.
Josh at the Unicorn is a real chef.
Like a really real one.
Sustain the love and stop the hate.
Morning dolls.
Moving at a slower pace today.
Regardless of others doctorma, you stay positive and doctorma free.
Focus on the goal not the doctorma
Watching one of the midnight showings of
Don't Believe The Hype
Love laying in bed and hearing the birds singing outside!
spring fever
Thank you!
Yes, I can do home portraits.
See more work at www.scotthunterfineart.com
// thanks lady.
So great to see a familiar face and to have your support.
We should have taken a picture!!
Ok I quit laughing then LOL
No friends makes for a long spring brake
Great night 3 !
Marilyn Manson made a new album?
cool beans!:P
It's the small stuff when blown up that really makes a story.
Mike Leonard
: Does the five second rule apply for toothbrushes that fall in the toilet?
Boy, I sure hope so!
congrats on all that..any day you l;aunch is a successful day !
Life never seems the way we want it to be.
Let just do our best!
There's no perfect life, But we can fill it with perfect times.
:
Possibly, but it sounds like you have too much on your plate to worry about that...
Thank you again!!
: You're awesome!
Snow today!
Ready for Spring and the warmer weather !
have a great show Matty!
Hey, im a new teen youtube singer.
That would b awesome if u could go check out my channel andhelp me get to Thank u
PrayForLewisMighty given just a few hours to live xx
I miss my Ramona Flowers....
The media preview of the new Dinosaur Hall at NHM is tomorrow morning!
LA journos DM me to walk among the giants.
Cannot wait to get some alcohol in my system
www.bleachercreaturesusa.com Blow Out TShirt Sale.
2 shirts for 20.00
Thanks!
No not quite.
We are in the mountains about an hour away from the beach.
So...have you had that baby yet?
:D
Getting the vacation itch.
One week to go...
But how long is the ?
I fear that we won't see any new cameras till 2013.
Tho, at 1,500 would be sad miss the 600.
My name is vps
Ibizza this summer anyone?
But yeah ..
Good Night followers!
:
loving it  never thought we 'd have an la battle downside rise in ticket prices for the Clippers
Rest in Peace, MCA.
MSNBC and the Democrats and Rachel Maddow Crew are Pushing Straight People to Be Gay Minded!
its ashamed soon you could marry a Goat!

Too funny!
Guys if she makes it grow make her blow
ya he did lol
I tooted 
for sure, that chorus is money
what's up with Natural Body Butter?!
The place for all your beauty and skin care needs!
why don't you notice me?
Ya lil POOP
missing you babe.
tsk tsk tsk.
I have mine set to record shows forever.
: I haven't watched a tv show/movie at the right time since 2008.
It was a frustrating night at Fenway on Friday, in a season that's promising more and more frustration as it moves along.
RT : you're thinking oscars...we're thinking ;
Back to Cheyenne one more time to see Josh Turner  Alan Jackson in concert tonight.
YeeHaw!!!!
nice to meet you  thanks for the follow :
One Union.
13k at brk in triple chance.
Value crushed myself and got nitrollled perhaps the hardest I ever have last level
Omw to the lab wit and YouCantDenyMe Coming Soon!!!
The sun is out for another great day at the Westown Farmer's Market!
I'm fighting it but totally understand why I will lose the battle.
erl12 Elsevier replied with data in a timely fashion.
WileyBlackwell not so much
I'm starting to think I know why there's a hopeless purpose for even going to school or if so living to find a successful job like my dad
ha, i'd be ok with just an old one as I have none.
Wawawawa.
thanks.
I am happy to know you as well!!
RT FOLLOW New Album Which Way Iz West Coming Soon, Be On The Lookout For The New CMW Album And His New Group The Movement
Someone that missed 24 hours of the contest can't judge me.
215 is returning to the stage with Anura,Saturday September 17  TJ's Red Stone in Cudahay.Don't miss 215's first show back in over 3 months
FF  Check out these awesome Tweeters!
One Time For Miss Elliott She Told Me She Will Follow Back But I Need To Visit Her Page Alot!!!
Heck yeah!
your girlfriend can give me a smoothie anytime
// I was hoping that wouldn't be the case.
I was thinking it'd be from the same era as jersey from Pitt those look great.
Happy Birthday to Grandma!!
:D RT : with family for Grandma.
Happy Birthday to her!
If your happy and you know it, show your boner.
I NEED A FUCKING RIDE TO WARPED TOUR.
Just saw this dude on txcn that was skating and I swear he looked just like chris haslam.
I just want to see one Super Bowl win in my lifetime.
That's all.
Greetings on the Feast of the Holy RoyalMartyrs of Russia, St.
Andoctor Rueblev,  St.
Andoctorw of Crete!
When I showed up at the BEE Farm, the tour guide/lead information person; was shocked, hesistant, slow 2 speak; watched me almost constantly
Decided 2visit OpryMills 2nite.
Def remodeled w/some nice stores.
But end of nite turned in2 Southland.
Police chase started as we exited!
I still have a pair of your socks, and it makes me wanna cry.
Who's excited for our release next thursday and who's coming?!?!?
What's on for you next, M?
River Plate?
We'll save some class for you on Thurs ;
Like Fbook and Twitter?
Try Blastoff.
www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
Hellss yeah mommy got me my monster, fucking happy now
I'm tired of walking on eggshells.
Feel I didn't perform like I could have.
certainly wasn't assertive enough.
Losing is not failure I look forward to learning and improving.
your friend timi has the kind of braids that make me want to have braids.
the cultural heritage and antiquities of Gaza in a gorgeous book produced and printed in Gaza by 's family
Excuse me while I go scream my head off.
its almost a year!!!!
:D
For an institution that seems to favor progressive values, Big Entertainment certainly gets reactionary when it comes to its  interests.
I basically tweeted te exact opposite.
wake up in da morning hop wrate out my bed money  money all i no i gata get money money money all i no i gata get
did I read correctly 799 for a jr.
Set??
The numbers 4 and 5 aren't my fav right now, as in up at 4 to leave the house by 5.
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  Painting Stories , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Beauty is skin deep unless you have shitty bone structure
Education doesn't make you happy.
Success  kind.
Riches  full.
Experience  smart...But love can teach you everything.
quote It often happens that a man is more humanely related to a cat or dog than to any human being.
Henry David Thoreau
Hi how are you?
follow me ?
Thanks 
So glad you liked the show!
The B Side!
RT : You and the cast were absolutely stunning in your show today in DSM.
I texted andoctorw but he wont reply
They're both Indian/Pakistani.
Usmania is the most recommended on my list.
Anmol isnt far behind
Sorry RT : I'm not a fan of the superman music.
Definition of irony: my father mailed me a letter containing a newspaper article titled, Digital is clicking with Advertisers.
hey!
look who's here.
yes.
see you at the mellow.
Now that I'm not distracted by fb anymore I.
Can focus on my tl an gettin to kno my followers
...
DC misses you!
Where are you these days?
Are you headed back to the East Coast anytime soon?
right now enjoying a delicious skinny hazelnut latte admiring the patience  demeanor of a pregnant mother of two chatty toddlers
Are ratings agencies using global debt crises to boost their reps?
Roger Kirby of Kirby McInerney to discuss live on Bloomberg in 5 mins
It breaks your heart when he is happy with someone else, but it's more painful to know that the one you love is unhappy with you.
I don't see Al.
I guess he took an earlier flight.
It's a sweet sweet sound!
RT Love the humming sound of Melco machines in the morning.
I also enjoyed Book Artist, though I'm not totally clear on what that entails.
RT : Top Six reasons for being late for work: 1traffic 2oversleeping 3procrastination 4Chores 5Car Trouble 6Having Sex
you  I til' the motherfuckinnn' end, sugar plum.
;
The less the window treatment demands of the eye, the more lovely and long term it will be.
I love Patricia Heaton.
Why must people annoy me?
Hell yes!
I wanted to make Spring Training this year...
possibly next year.
I'm going to Cozumel on Sunday instead!
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Jacksonville hosts Funk Fest 2012 in Metro Park tonight!
With Charlie Wilson and The New Edition Reunion closing out the night!...
Alucard is the worst recording ever.
I hate myself more and more everytime I listen to it.
Have a Happy New Year ppl :D
Skypeeeee with le best friend
RT : Discussing special powers if Hunger Games arrived in nwsrm, says I could blind people with shiny shirts.
Wow, the clockhands were stolen?
Confirmation ?
You didn't want to jogged, you wanted to get closer to me lmao!
we going to a award show hit outkast studios the strip club and all...
300 for hotel n all
I have a ton of Mets on field caps.
Love them all!
I'll definitely follow and check out I'm finding a lot of amazing bands lately!
aye follow me.
please?
:
I'm about 2 minutes from dumping AmericanExpress as my primary card.
Customer Service and Website STINK!
...yes it is and you aren't here to celebrate with me!
Lemon doctorps soon!!
Travel safe!
Wrapping up loose ends before heading to St.
Pete race.
Leaving at 4:45 AM.
check out our new sites: www.blindsfortworth.com
SometimesAllAGirlWants is a silky robe  fresh batteries.
that last bit may be wishful thinking.
Or looking at the past through very rose colored glasses.
Kind of a scary timekeeper...
Yep!!
I've never felt better in my life, and I'm sure you're already starting to feel the benefits!
Good luck :
I refuse to live with a post9/11 mentality anymore.
Can or or anyone help define the postbin Laden mentality?
ASTD2011 In Jim Kirkpatrick session..have to know where we want to go before we build/buy the solution
I'm sorry, I will try to be more direct from now on lol
pirates why
There are laws in heaven that govern interaction between God and man.
I miss our late night talks
So she should know better.
I think ur missing a marketing opportunity
hah, well i'm glad i contributed to your good night :
In bed with the wife n dog :
HAVING THE BIGGEST HANGOVER IN THE WORLD RIGHT NOW!!
HAD AN AMAZING TIME LAST NIGHT!
NOW ON THE WAY TO DENNYS WITH MALIA!
there's no gunman duhh
Good luck!
I know you will do great!
What kind of car are you going to get?
Awwwa Well Thank Ya' Thank Ya' :
Gator!!: Would have been better if Shabazz had stayed home RT : what are unlv's chances of landing Anthony Bennett?
walk in to my office  who's sitting in my desk...
IT guy...
Apparently I need 54 updates this morning 
Ok, I just did a two hour comic book binge that put me on an emotional roller coaster, so I am going to sleep.
Good night world
I still have the st patricks day condom I stole from you 
Enjoying my time at Getting reading for the book swap!
Portland wins in OT!
Blazers 107 Nuggets 106
alright cool....
dctf member Fr Boyle: How do funders fund success that is hard to measure?
It was obvious that the UT would endorse But 's mayoral endorsement is still up in the air.
Look for it May 16.
Snag an invitation to Hop Sing Laundoctormat's opening The owner will select 50 names from the bar's Twitter followers.
It will suck you in and never let go!
We share something so common , still so rare...
Just finished shooting Jaill's next music video.
So far so good; the footage looks great.
Look for it in a month or two!
It's crazy how different things are in the pilot for Psych as opposed to newer episodes.
Pilots can be funny that way.
Hey Paul Walker!!!
CLICK IT OR TICKET!
Workaholics3
New avatar tv show.
hahah, I'm just joking, mi amor!
Of course we'll try together!
Thats if I can get it in this state.
don't get all sad when i'm pissed off
talkin about ' i was gone , but then i came back ' 
Wait who u talking 2
This 76ersBulls game has featured some horrible basketball.
When you're talking to someone you like you make sure every single thing you say is perfect
Going to be living in a fancy city soon...
I'll have to try swiss chard..never had it before.
so how are you liking twitter
Stop by and see us, we'll satisfy your sweet tooth with guilt free nonfat froyo!
Someone at work today used the word fructify in a presentation.
That woke me up all right.
I say Thunder and Heat in the finals
Your smile warms the greatest depths of Me.
because people are apparently too busy talking about Bob Costas.
Inbox 0, going on vacation!
Learn how to wrap them tightly up in themselves, then take trash out often.
No need for diaper genie or anything tricky.
I think youre cute...:
Win a copy of Action Research for Business, Nonprofessort  Public Administration!
Visit SAGE  Corwin  AERA2012, booth 400411.
Ugg I Swear My Mom Be Tripping...
XX
I had a perfect bracket until the games started.
I need a back massage ASAP Omg
ePub/Kindle news isn't news at all My first reaction alsocouldn't you already load all sorts of things via email or Calibre?
Good Morning!
Birthday dinner a success!
Not hungover either!
Resting and watching football today!
Is tomorrow a legal holiday???
Game provided visitors w/ an excuse to be silly in a museum.
Hear, hear more ways to make museums comfortable, community spaces
As soon as you realize I'm worth it, I'll have moved on.
Help My Friend Get More Followers...
That Goes Out For Everyone  The ICONiacz
Those who speak most of illness have illness, those who speak most of prosperity have it.
Thanks for the RT Christie.
Stoked about you  being in doctormageddon: Manhattan.
Going to be triumphant!
The only bad thing is I have the worst sunburn of my life.
My face is peeling...wah
Bah!
It's a nopants run kind of morning.
young womens on the low.
thanks!
Hope to connect while we are here at
I think I've seen every fast food place
Cant sleep:/ any rushers online?
I can't get no satisfaction
love long lashes 
At dah end of dah day i have no onee but my self .
Great I am looking forward to it.
who wears knee pads lmaoo 
Where words fail, music speaks  Hans Christian Anderson
So easy!
RT: Want your kids to grow up confident and happy?
Sincerely telling them you see their great qualities will help them most.
DEARLORD please keep my path clear, your love near, and my heart pure amen.
Hate to agree, but your slogans are right on.
Tired of a noncompetitive team year after year.
Kid Clutch baby
February 1972....Richard Nixon becomes the first U.S.
President to visit China
Dude...
wheres my car?
oh yeah.
But don't worry: the expense doesn't detract from the fact that its fun as hell.
If you think this is cold you've ALREADY been in LA too long...
I'm just sayin...
it's not called Pvt.
Benjamin, and there are other small differences, but yeah.
Moms cooking is all ways good.
C U then!
Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven't planted.
D.
Bly
that same person has been using that line for every exam and every level of schooling.
I need a good April fools joke for tomorrow...any ideas?!
if the world is made of both light and darkness, we'll be the darkness.
The Dunkin Donuts I grew up with consistently tasted better and weren't soggy, gooey and oversweet like yucky Krispy Kreme!
New years weekend line up: limo downtown Friday night hotel party Saturday night and tailgating Sunday!!!
Twitter before all my friends from school decided to get one
In my life  family EVERYDAY is National Hug Day!
3
great!
could I see a demo before committing to the free trial?
Your video was down.
I use  the calendar isn't good.
I believe KVC first dates back to the 90s with WebObjects, but didn't see much use until 2003.
help!
looking for the link for play of the day from last week with kids playing baseball can u help pls?
Watched Edward Scissorhands last night.
His intro the suburbs reminded me of moving from NYC to the midwest.
I had my first mister on Friday, and boy, let me tell you, I had no idea I was that claustrophobic.
That thing's like a coffin.
ur a weirdo
who exactly are the people behind ActorsandCrew?
I want Cordy Glenn for the Bills...
Lobsta Truck, Frysmith, and Cool Haus are here.
I'm more excited about this than anything else.
River monsters
forlow Try to slow down speaking: enthusiastic is good, but need to be easier to hear and follow.
Great images.
NUMBER FOUR: The avaliable portapoties will be on the 600 block of Mifflin and in the Cap Centre parking lot, tell all your friends
Once a Patriot Leagueer always a Patriot Leagueer?
I love long rehearsal days but I hate being three days behind watching !
Mark, it was a blast bein' there with you!
We'll find a time somewhere down the road to pick up where things left off!
everyone please follow my ANT Farm Lad Pals
1 comedian with hairy arms, the other doctornking watery poop, both hilarious!
Congrats guys.
Sleeping through my alarm and not waking up 'till 2pm.
Yeah, I'm
My forearms are just now peeling from a threeweekold sunburn...weird.
Yes, Mother Nature is always teaching those difficult life lessons.
I'm very sad too.
I hope Lily hangs around the yard.
The world ending in 2012?
I think we're all forgetting Phil of the Future was from 2121.
;
Coffee, topics, job application?
I guess so.
just got back.friends bday.
Can't wait til tomorrow, only 78 hours left!
See u then...Are u ready!?
Thanks also to the Buffalo Wild Wings manager, Rocco for his help  assistance with the fund raiser.
Joan Rivers cracks me up...
My goodness, lololol
I don't know how to sum up today.......school was great and when i met came home was amazing :D
I did!
Wouldn't have minded you coming back in town to remind me why I still talk to ya tho 0;o
Watched UFC match on TV tonight with friends; not really my thing, but fun to have fellowship.
Gotta love having phantom bruises all over from soccer
What did you like best about the video?
looks like a hybrid pullup / high row to me.
Call it a rowlup.
Other than that,
Great day at starbound....now on my way home from a long day!
Xx
she failed Corey
did I get skelled on this league?
Thanks for joining us!
Good night!
RT : Goodnight and and
Hey Kato...
Everything ok?
E.
Honda said to tell you whats up...
Ha!!
Here in the sun, there's only fifteen minutes of fun hope we can tan and hope we can burn up
I am amazed at the composure Tebow has at 25 years old.
That, to me, is truly his strong point.
I like the guy.
Just did a fun Skype visit with the 7th grade English students at the HoHoKus Public School.
Great questions!
Thanks for having me.
freaking insane.
You know...
Sometimes it pays off to be ghetto...
or have ghetto antics.
I can't help but to still wonder when the wheels will come off this O's season.
Are you a true Chicagoan?
Have you picked between Sox/Cubs?
Do you know what EL stands for?
Do you own a Chicago Library Card?
Im missing 1
Alma Foundation Soup CookOff 
Taking a few minutes between meetings to review some transcription issues in Github for 's ShelleyGodwin Archive project
we should make a catch up date.
What's ur sched?
Movie night;
I be fuckin them up my favorite I always buy a lot of them when I go to the store
If you can determine what a man thinks you do not have worry about what he will do
Kane west pandora and I hear Black Magic woman by Santana.
Wrong station get out of here!
lmaoo yeah I am!
Im so excited
Just do it, LOL!
awww which store, city?
:
Mistake going into to work today.
Now back at home resting.
Well fogged in, too.
thanks for the awesome signature on my arm!
Hope you had a grate time in Kokomo!
:D
lolhugs i dont know how to work all that fancy twitter letters haha
Wait, isn't here?!
WHO IS TAKING PICTURES??!?!?!
Tonight at Studio Valbonne  DJ spinning an exclusive remix of Westlife a 10 minute loop of the Uptown Girl Intro over a disco beatmega!
HappyMonday to you too, sweety!
Yes, it's going to be a great trip!
If I'm not back in 10 minutes assume I've been murdered by a CraigsList ad person.
If you are not having fun, it's half your fault.
When you design for meaning, good things will happen
Miami better flip the script on these niggas.
Mass  football player offseason commitment signing tomorrow...will be a great day!!!
A wonderful day today
where did go?!?
When I have childoctorn I want to be mama.
I think it was Jesus approved
yea that's good
Sad you missed 's talk on quitting your job at ?
Don't worry, he's coming to in May!
You don't know you're beautiful, oh oh, that's what makes you beautiful..
If being in bed before 9 is wrong, then i don't want to be right.
Let's see if I can find an extra regular chick with a low self esteem
doesn't everyone?
Peyton is one of the best quarterbacks ever to play the game.
I'd take an 80 Peyton over a 100 Tebow
she gotta get her rounds in 1st lmao
ME I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU I HOPE I AM ONE OF THE LUCKY 400 PEOPLE TO GET TO ME YOU
We'll be in Houston for TLA!
Are you going to swing through the exhibit hall to bring us texmex??
;
I was like 13 there I think lol hahaha!
this is one of the reasons that NIH requires recipients make their work publicly available!
Very important.
Hey there thanks for the nice mention!
Thanks!
I actually got accepted with ParaFPI :
can anyone tell me how to import a list of emails into outlook ?
it keeps locking up
Your beautiful, so smile:
sorry I texted you back tho
1.
Denial 2.
Anger 3.
Bargaining 4.
Depression 5.
Acceptance.......
The 5 stages of buying gas in Europe  USA.
You know, sometimes I do some pretty stupid shit, and then I'm like eh fuck it I don't care and I'm over it.
Big shout out to our new followers!
TODAY, Join in solidarity with senior citizens from The Carlisle as they march in support of OSW  4:00, Post  Gough.
Hey Jimmy will you please send me a thank you note!?
Please you would totally make my year!
No problem, it was a good one!
:
So no big league hitters follow you on twitter?
Also Weeks is back tomorrow.
This team is pretty weak right now.
There are many ways of investing.
We do it everyday in our lives...our education, our health, our culture....our spiritual life.
I really was happy in the haze of a doctornken hour....
I think I pulled my hamstring
really, how many hair bands actually covered a beatles song?
one, i tell you, one.
Ignorance Gets Ignored !
but im cool u have a nice night and dont be shy hit me up sometime
that woman wearing borka and dancing OMG
Wow that weird moment when you realize your computer hates you even more than you hate it.
HAL I surrender.Open the pod bay doors already
5 hours and 2 minutes later i am done with my math test!!:D
S/o to the homie and everyone else that is following us and supporting the JazzThugs.
Much Love!
Stupid doctorams...
I was hoping I could rant about you routing for a team unrelated to you.
Oh well, dolphins still suck.
still waiting for a Google invite  anyone got one they want to share?
Can't wait for the script concert in august!
: soo excited
thx for the luv mama now following u back ;o
The senses lure you to indulge in the many sense objects.
But the senses pull you only as long as you identify with your physical body.
Fucc u to all the crustaceans in a buccet pulln us bacc in.
Ok ok just bring out the boys already.
Are you on the DASH diet?
We want to talk to you.
email .
I hate that!
We gave up cable because our signal was horrible.
Hulu, Netflix and iTunes now.
But that means no live tv.
Damn Biebs, you just had to do that shirtless photo shoot.
Oh Lord help my ovaries.
arvo2010: Correlation Between Blink Rate, Tear Film Corneal Protection, and Corneal Staining  John Rodoctorguez , May 4, D975
ANY BANDS THAT WANNA GET BOOKED THAT CAN PLAY ANYTHING FROM FUNK TO TODAYS HITS TO TOP 40, CONTACT ME....GET SHOWS BOOKED TILL END OF JULY
If you think I'm crazy or my sister crazy.
Just wait til you meet my mama.
The only crew that I think I might like this season is Mos Wanted Crew and possibly RNG
These are the times that try men's souls.
Thomas Paine
Who's complaining about what the movie's pulling from?
My disappointment was with what was on screen.
Should you go to your exspouse's funeral if you have childoctorn together?
you fuckers killed it in pittsburgh last night!
Thanks!
I've been lucky to never have PP issues.
I do have Square Up.
I can manually enter it?
Or send check?
smooth move!!!!
Weekend Warriors!
Join us Saturday Penmar Park 56pm
Aw yeah!!!
This bitch has frickin' comeover  the darkest doctorwnin eyebrows i've ever seen.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH YOUR LIFE?
S/O 2 my new follower
666 fans today.
Someone like us and quick!
School or Home?
dumbquestion SCHOOL!!
I don't have to be by my parents..
/
come on Greg, u guys gotta give us a little more effort!
Good Night My Wonderful Twitter Followers!
I hope you all have peaceful doctorams!
wow, that didn't take long!
Being Apart He doesnt see the tears that fallLonely and silently on the pillow The endless nights tossing and turning.
In search of him
damn.
That's like mad close too : did they tell you you gotta take a summer program?
303 assists the last 21 games for Rondo...
Unreal.
14.4 assists per game in stretch.
Over season he's averaging 11.5 dimes per night.
eye just got off that airline yesterday.
Flight long as a bicth
one more session!
then the season is over!
let's kick butt on these relays tonight, girls!
FirstTime Home Buyer Tax Credit Extended For Armed Service Members
Today hawwt ahh weather is an excuse for me to go out into public naked
Up in the gym with Marcus Camby ...
woodoctorw Wilson, Reagan, hmm
Is hungry...
That's for sure.
With all the guitarlessons info on the web today, it's easier than ever to
I had doctorams of glitter all night!
View for ideas on golfmanagement marketing or visit for ways to grow your smallbiz and have success!!!
they're giving a tour rehabbed foreclosure at 10:30 at 2404 n 46th.
hines, murphy, and some community leaders will be there.
Indeed I did, !
Quite right.
One can also never underestimate the powers of the raised brow, as the would attest.
RT : Sharktank ...
Time is the most precious asset  Mark Cuban
Thank you dear
good evening to everyone on twitter...
I myself had a wonderful day and are haveing a beautiful nite!!!
cheers to everyone!!!
Work, then hangs with Monica!
:
I must have been really sleepy.
Just realized I was asleep.
Lol
Man what is the world coming too
Matt!!
Thanks for following!!
I MISS YOU!!
Let's chat, soon.
:
artists enter your song to win 500 and a chance to send your song to Record Labels!
go to www.mp3promoterdotcom thanks!
Thank you!
I followed you, too.
RT :
Trains are fun!
If we can get 20 people to go to via Amtrak, as a group from Chicago, we can get a discount.
Sorry, that's unfortunate.
Just smile and say IDGAF :
Ditto!
You'd think Fb could afford to create a sweet UX.
Got 4 hours of sleep.
FML.
Right?
Hilarious.
RT say what you want, this is a BILLION times better than the disaster that was james franco last year.
FYI.
RT : Just voted for myself, President Obama and Paul Sadler in the Dem primary.
Early voting starts today.
so I'm like thts a while to wait and he said love waits;
economic/glove professorling.
HOLLAAAAAAAR.
Yo I just noticed..
I needa new phone..
Ha..
Yeah I have my dumb moments..
Tobacco cos.
spend 21 million to persuade CA voters to reject a June ballot measure to raise the tobacco sales tax by 1 per pack.
yeah he's only like a couple months .
Turn up
We have to invest in the quality of life.
I'm me now.
Account name is about to change as well.
Petty, immature people...smh.
Marquis Mason: Coach Alexander left without telling a majority of us.
That rubbed me the wrong way.
So sick of is da,n rain!!!!
If I Die Tomorrow well at least i met
How do I function on less than 4 hours of sleep?
More importantly, how do I look so amazing each morning after only 4 hours of sleep?
Haha
no car needed The KC Strip Trolley will provide FREE rides during on a Fest Loop from Dark Horse to Record Bar
Why did i get a twitter again
Oh wow.
Justice Alan Page!
Does this mean more track coverage?
Katie got a community mgr question for ya give me a shout when u can plz.
So wats up can i get that ;
MyProblemIs , We Don't Got No Damn Milk For My Oreos !
Checking the CIA Factbooks, CDC and DeptofState requirements for FebruaryMarch travel, some of my favorite sites.
I got a dm from you and got happy.
I saw it was spam and died a little inside.
We'd like to see your snow or weather pics from today if you have any.
Send them to Thanks!
is hiring reporters in Florida, Montana, and Ohio as well as a Director of Media Relations.
Message me, if interested!
Thats cool!
I think I know that chick behind your mom, lol!
of course!
RT : Thanks for the RTs  conversation!
Marshall's hurt.
I hear hitting girls in the boobs hurts.
RT : Don't miss !
In the breakhe said I was his favorite republican!
who knew.
Not a badge of honor!
thanks girl!
I'm just happy to be finally feeling better.
But it's whiskey.
And bacon.
It might suck, but I am totally willing to give it a try.
judging by trends, i wouldn't be surprised if CDs were completely off store shelves in, let's say 3 years.
At the risk of sounding cheesy: brie, cheddar, provolone.
Good luck Louna !!!
I just did my votes :
your wrong d'antoni had a retarded system, they need to play off of Melos iso's.
Amare is perfect for them.
Mid range and dunks
In fact, they're a mediocre team elevated into tragedy by being in a journalismsaturated big city.
I wish would have addoctorssed why people don't cook at home, rather than just decrying it.
John.
D'onofrio.
Posted.
My.
Video.
On.
His.
FB.
Page.
I CANT HANDLE MYSELF.
And departing Metro Center.
No idea what the holding was about.
I will say I never had a doubt.
It's very possible these two cards sold together could end in the millions, hit me up let's talk!
happy for you guys!!
March 1 is release day for my book, TO THOSE WHO WAIT.
This is not a HEA story, it's a HN Check it out at www.lindaswift.net.
Justin Timberlake's grandma, Sadie Bomar confirmed that he and onagain, offagain girlfriend Jessica Biel have gotten engaged
Just in: James Anacreon is transferring from Wichita State.
Will not be at WSU for 201213 season.
I created a page for Firefly Games once.
A roving mob of editors deleted it  they didn't know it, so not important.
Thx for tweeting abt Eric Dompierre  his family's fight for age waivers for athletes w disabilities in Michigan!
LetEmPlay.us
yup!
Thanks, Erk!!

dude?
When can you guys get back to Pgh, PA and gig the Moose?
We all miss you?!!!!
doctor HOE!
OMG me too.
This is like exercise.
They Say I'm A Changed Man They Tell Me I'm Flashy, They Like Me Better When I'm Fucked Up  Ashy..
There's never enough time
Thanks for coming!!
I owe you and a dance party in 2012!
Wemake beats too.
I'm not tryin to go that route for this project.
We tryna remix a mainstream song
I have like 5 shirts of yours and not once would I fucking think of burning any of them.
Fuck that doucher!
If the woman on this train talking loudly about Schoolly D is any indication, I must be in Philly.
It might be a Mega Dog night.
See you in the fall!
I rised n Grinded today..
forgot to post ..
it ..
lunch now ..
btw while I'm still gonna need a new liver, apparently CellCept is telling my liverattacking immune system to go fuck itself
Happy jesus Day
lecturing at Univ of Wisconsin at Madison give a shout out to Henry doctorwl.
omgomogmogm I wanna go now omg :
i miss it .
Never screw with the original data, he said.
thanks for the mention.
Hope the weekend went well.
I'm still cracking up!!!!!
Marquette plays Murray St at 415p on sat
ultimatelibrarn: Cool, looks like fixed the notes on slides bug!
Notes are now up for the EthicShare prez,  I'll upload my ...
Hey whats good people.
I have my music video coming soon.
Its for my single VA BAE ft.
Reginald Doles.
Oak Harbor Tomorrow should be a repeat of today, just a tad bit warmer.
Nah, i've been gushing about it too.
lmao I was just thinking how we be tag teaming in the hanger lol
followed by satan
thanks for the follow
I'll be at one of those for sure!
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
Thomas Paine
how does it make sense that Celtics are a 4 seed but play on the road.
Why aren't the Hawks the 4 seed
It was great speaking to you today.
RT : RT : RT : RT Q3: What are some of your best tips for networking ONLINE?
Heard a rumor that Bentley is in Emily's season!
Yes, some excitement!
Yay my facebook shares are already making me money.
Even though I hate facebook, I'll gladly collect a check from them.
I am SO gonna be your sister.
I'm super excited, you have no idea!
:'
Thank you for sharing this news!
Don't forget to PLEDGE All Classical KQAC.
Michael's is an underwriter Bring receipt for 50 pledge get free 1/2 sandwich!!
i would still really like that in you anything else i might like
Here's a toast to making 2011 YOUR BEST YEAR YET!
RT : If you're not willing to be mocked, cut off, and face scrutiny for it, it's probably not that valuable to you.
You really don't know.
It was the look on their faces.
Resonates with me every time I write.
So much of life is departure from reality.
I would like to do business.
What was the score?
should've invited me :p
8th SDCChiHack is Scan2Chat, where you can scan a QR code to enter a chat room for wherever you are
Woopie O.o
thanks for taking care of me and last night ahahaha
what is Steve bedell's twitter handle?
I have been told that u are the source for this
Aftershock just now and at around 12 too.
This one was almost like the real thing.
What's the diff?
With the going to min next, they must win series against bad team, sets up a big series vs texas Let's go!!
Florida Panthers are the only NHL team in first place with a negative points differential.
Panthers are 22.
In comparison, Bruins are 53
can i get a tweet or a follow?
please, we're finally online at the same time 3 3 i'll support you forever don't worry.
Hurry up, time to sign up your adult team for the fall adult season is running out.
Deadline to reserve your spot is Thursday!!
That damn wind is a menace whipping around the hospital.
Lookin like Cousin It when you get home
thatsatisfiedfeeling when you don't have to get up at 5:30 for AP Euro Review :
I'm ready to come out of my shell  turtles
Yea my phone works yay
Auditioned at Northwestern today!
It was great to meet and play for mister Goines and the rest of the talented staff.
Awesome campus too...
I want to go to a Brewers game either Friday or Saturday.
Whose with me?
yeah a bit thanks for asking :
haha I tried to convince Val to get a twitter
Instead of creating products that look like everyone else's, I try to think of what meets a need in the market.
Mustad's Jeff Pierce
omg I'm so sorry
After the grief you gave me?!?
Oh man.
; It was great, come to the next one!
It would've been that much better with you there!
yeah mine are packed away somewhere...
that's who made the oregon stuff?
Its funny how everybody loves twinkies when i get some
Are you on the journey?
MetroAdventures begin, arrive on platform to find train experiencing door malfunction b/c chick jumped on  her purse got caught
Ready for the New Year!
Save it til Wed when it's 30 degrees colder  wet!!
;
Straighten up, Parrish.
: these grizzlies fans are savages
Good Lord..
I new they had been experimenting with it.
God help us if they have learned to perfect it.
Chara wins the fastest slap shot competition again and sets a new record with 108.8 MPH!
Good afternoon just woke up
lol at least u tried..if I hear briley airport wreck or donelson n tha same sentence I gotta check Mama Bird..my neck of the woods
Been listening to Pandora for 5 hours straight.
Heat turn it up in 2nd half.
Without Bosh.
I'd take defensive  screening mindset of Anthony  Battier over Bosh for all 48.
JustMe?
Clearly, I can see your nuts.
Just trademarking this now iPadPee so that media has to pay me to use it.
That's how it works, right?
Others who had canceled talks shows got new shows: Joan Rivers, Dennis Miller, Pat Sajak, Jon Stewart.
Not Arsenio.
only Louis would break his wrist on a folding chair trying look at a KitKat hot air balloon...
XD
Chipolte sounds pretty good
Really enjoyed watching the super chevy bridgestone verizon bud light dorito black eyed pea glee bowl.
.
just went down for me...
Anyone else?
teamswift never thought we have a last kiss3
Google is wonderful for genealogy.
YouKnowYoudoctornkWhen you wake up in bed next2 MegGriffin  Roger that gay alien from AmericanDad as Stewie jerks off in the corner
Don't you agree that government allowing gays to marry is more respectful to invidividual sovereignty than not?
LMAO..well if you say so.
wiggles brows
A few hundoctord people lining up in the cold tonight for local Amazing Race auditions...Koin6 live
Laying in the grass and basking in sunshine.
The greatest virtues are those which are most useful to other persons.
The future is an opportunity.
Herbert!!!
Herbert Joel
Netflix time.
Stephen Hill still there and we're
You can't yell at us for following instructions!!!
Wait, can you?
Uh oh.
watching some old seasons of Big Brother, enjoying some slow rolls in the month.
SCHOOL IS POINTLESS.
English  We Speak It.
History  Hitler was right.
Math 112 Beyonce taught us that .Spanish  We Have Dora.
way worth it!
wish i can go
Awesome, right?
Expect big things from him.
Follow him here:
I love the Rays hitters.
When you realize you've been looking for something but been searching the wrong places...
its funny how some guys throw caution to the wind when dealing with females online, is that the best game you have....
Love is when you've seen the best and the worst of someone, yet you still love them for what they have.
Thanks Katie!
We gotta check in with doctor Sam tomorrow too!
A good read; my own concerns relate as much to the war on general computing as to 1st amendment
I haven't gone to church for a while now
Eat a handful of almonds 20 minutes before a meal to curb your appetite.
Pandora is on a Squeeze kick today.
This is most excellent.
:
Props once again to Jive's amazing IT department.
I mean, do you get same/nextday turn around on your IT hardware/software orders?
Amazing.
Through 10 games, Brewers have 5.65 ERA and a .228 team batting average, with three starters below .200.
oops  got it too late  do you know what it was?
I  my mama tho
told you
Lakers WIN It's OVER
Ff to the highly talented birthday boy
Omg...that beyond amazing feeling when you put lotion on your legs right after you shave 
just making sure you're ok.
You're one tough momma tho!
I am to a certain extent.
I think everyone is feeling the pinch population wise.
We definitely need server transfers.
Nice!
I'm still getting another one in March.
Wanted it anyway winning was just an excuse LOL We'll be prepared 4 7 next yr
I can't feel the sunshine, only the wind blows me, so cold.
Street Fighter IV at 52 downloaded as soon as both games are done i will do a Marvel vs Capcom 3 open lobby via stream
SATURDAY NIGHT PARTY!!!
COME HANG OUT WITH VEGAS' FINEST!
Message me for FREE admission...
it will be a game indeed.
Good luck today!!!!
Twitter is the only avatar I've not switched out.
Unless you count SOPA, Arab green or holiday addons.
disk has not gotten slower over 5 decades.
10Krpm disk lengthens rotational latency but it doesn't dictate seek speed
My Life can be summed up in two words .......FUCC IT!
EVERY SINGLE TIME I HAVE TO GET OUT OF THE CAR, BOYFRIEND STARTS PLAYING 
Mad men.
sully and I are missing Sam.
Thankfully he will be home tomorrow.
Made a recipe in the crock pot for him!
has anyone tried out doctorg Brunch at Dish on Sundays?
Kyle is quite the conversationalist
And I would enjoy the sweet nectar that is his Romanian wife.
Actually, I liked the article a lot, but couldn't resist the temptation...
:
They're not hunting ducks with this stuff, Mayor says of the assault weapons collected this weekend.
Today this girl said she was gonna spit on me..i realized the last time she spit on me..i told her to spit on me!!
: Walking is a great form of exercise!
RT  Follow us StepIntoSpring giveaway!
You could win a custom NikeID sneakers!
What are you doing tonight?
No.
RT Don't ya just love Mondays?
After many turns in my first month at the University of Washington, I finally feel some stability, there will always be bumps, but Im ready!
Hi Hisham, I have to conduct an informational interview for a course that I'm taking and was wondering if you'd be interested?
I hope so too!
I think I see more wine in my future...
I'm ready.
Phone wouldn't call
Ronaldo just fucked him up!!!
Place is rocking
Hi Craig!
It's my birthday!
:D
Friends are relatives you create for yourself.
Author Eustace Deschampos
all pray for Ali that poor baby it just makes me cry to see what she is goin thru i fill bad for leah and corey
Just got my tickets for tonights game to watch and Kevin Durant take on tonight 5th row
Its not over tonight just give me one more chance to make it right
This is a real black duster wearing morning.
MetroDiner I am here!
The Webinar can begin now.
I'm here.
:
Hey cute
I love how you read according to your mood.
Sometimes I wish I could do that!
I impose far too strict rules on myself ...
Anybody That Likes Our Music HMU..
I hate using urinals while wearing sandals :
I always just get it the day I get there
It's easier to work when you know why you are working...
you are talking to the turnt up King 
he be having plenty gum.
his breath must stank
CincoDeMayo is going to be Insane w/ playing a live exclusive set !
Party People Contact me for Tickets  Tables!
Donald Barthelme The best way to live is by not knowing what will happen to you at the end of the day...
blonde for a blonde?
Only one I like.
Thanks for blog post RTs!
Love those school teacher parents!
Thanks!
Much appreciated.
Man, I'm having some major mood swings today.
If you don't like something change it.
If you can't change it, change ur attitude don't complain.
indieview A3: They need to set up bookstore outside hall where pub's have books sold.
Galleys can be given away in the booth.
Los Angeles is more adventurous than you might think!!
Restful Christmas Weekend with my Family.
Now
I feel like playing some

nice!
I think I have some live pixies around somewhere
Semantics  they are all parks as are sites in national forests, BLM sites, Corps of Engineer sites, etc.
Movein day!
Destination: Chinatown
Entire theater buzzing over absurdity of abrahamlincolnvampirehunter.
wtf?
Blackboard agreements with textbook publishers: Good roundup of press releases by
I really need another job for the summer.
I wish I could be doing something I love everyday...
omg I just posted to fb that I needed quick healthy recipes...got a ton of good links.
I'll send ur way!
You can do it!
;
Only doctornk nuggets girl at mcnellies
To quote the great Dan Hedeya in Clueless: I couldn't be prouder than if they were based on actual grades.
thank you!
holding hands with the monster under the bed
And they could be talking about a chicken leg they had for lunch and they'll talk about it with SUCH enthusiasm.
Hahah
yessir!!!
haha what up tez...
how you been man
There is absolutely nothing funnier than yelling HE'S STEALING MY BABY!
at a dad having a hard time with his kid in public
How about Letterman's ode to Super bowl comm'ls.
Congrats to Robb Webb the announcer for that.
The voice!
FEAR FACTOR.
Heading to SD!!
so i have to sit in the cafeteria for two hours .
Neil Patrick Harris
We kings make the fashion 
thanks for the tweet.
and i said i always would answer every one!
:
Scene of the crime  14 East.
How about 11?
Me too i'd die!!!
XD RT : AAWH, good luck!
I hope he is so you can meet him!
:
I THINK IAM GONNA CRY I LOVE IT SO MUCH
e.e.
cummings?
anyone else remember when kids would get their ass kicked for rocking skinny jeans?
yeah, that's out the fuckin window...
Friend us on Facebook to get promos and coupon codes...
W.Facebook.com/campopoly
Close enough...
you're not missing anything!
LOL
Now playing, Los Psychosis from Memphis.
At Trinity United Methodist 4001 Speedway
I had a lot of fun tonight.
Thanks again to y'all who showed up and had some fun too.
It was really wonderful seeing all of you.
Why does it seem that people use horrible personal tragedies to get their 15 minutes of fame?
And news shows feed this addiction?
No need.
Toughen up.
Don't take my kindness for weakness!!!
Bout time Knicks .
was up big hommie.
Let's meet up after the holidays
sounds like your having a good day
girl just tell me when and I'm down
Playing monopoly with my sister!
:
Watching someone tug viciously on a locked door will probably never get old.
o awkward i can hear my phone going off in my parents' room.....
Did you know that the Pentagon is one of the world's largest office buildings, with more than 3,700,000 square feet?
I think it started in jamaica.
At least, that's where I first heard about it.
Playing justdance3 on the kinect it's really funn.
: PS  Curious....Have any of those event location suggestions on LinkedIn panned out?
um your brother just said he hates you check his last tweet
did you get the mail
When reading any magazine you always what to go straight to that person that it's about to confirm if it's true or not because magazines lie
Imma make ya body moist by the sound of my voice ;
George W.
Bush had most scandalous past of any candidate in history.
But CorporateMedia scrubbed it all  and still does.
you're ruining my life!
LMAO
Check out the great article by on Harry Widener, one of the Philadelphians aboard Titanic  one of the ppl in our exhibit!
October 15 masquerade heaven stage!!!
Attendees.
Enjoy and tweet lots!
Just finishing my IDCM paper.
Three more theories to jot down and citations to bring.
Going to have to study for this 11am as well.
Today's Bulls victory  Today's Cubs victory
Why does Facebook now have a million ads?
It's turning into MySpace...
they learned from Lawler.
That Chevy Sonic Ad was my favorite so far!
From your first time to the time of your life!
I don't think I want any gum.
I'll take some victories
every day feels like im getting sicker nd sicker have to get better soon
Ever feel your phone vibrate in your pocket and realize your holding it?
Easier said than done
Great seeing you!
: Just walked by a random restaurant and see a waving at me from the bar!
This will be a good day!
You know, I like tea...
I listened to you in Houston since 610 first picked you up.
Flabbergasted that they doctorpped you.
they're outfitted in hello kitty ....
costumes, i guess you would call these
The best things in life are still sweet and gooey.
Happy Easter!
Defence enlists an army of spin
seriously?
I couldn't have done that.
Did a few FB updates early on, then nothing til after the birth!
lmao, shoot i dont blame u for dumpster diving lol
Walking through a Vegas casino always reminds me of the scene where the Grinch is complaining about all the noise in Whoville.
's Double Choc/Single Chin brownies were a hit as we celebrated the start of a new school year.
PATY is my fave cookbook!
Excited to see us in the new edition of !!
my boyfriend is so special to me feels good to have someone thats going to have yo back no matter what :
Yeah, it would be odd.
But, who knows, they've wanted to do it before.
: Congratulations Penn State wrestling on backtoback National Championships!
Congrats to my Nittany Lions!
fascinated by the oversized orb spiders whilst casting my sins into the florida marsh...
hey, that's my line!
aw thanks maria!!:
The butcher backed up into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.
I'll be waiting on the other side
I'm listening to the sweet tunes of on the way to the gym.
If you don't know him I highly recommend him!
Listening to Texas on my iPhone in the metro reminds me of listening to Texas on the Underground.
On my Sony Discman.
I've got a few ideas  I'll send them over after work today.
Sign some petitions on
Follow me back?:
2:40 y'all!
Time to try and remember what the hell I was supposed to be doing.
I was gonna go to bed last night around 9 and then Pinterest sucked me in again!
So I was up till 11...
Fatso's Pizza carries the Big 10 Network!
Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms out there.
I really don't know what I'd do without my mom  I don't even wanna imagine I love you Mother 
Very heavy weather right now
I can't stand pushy people!
The more you push, the more I don't show an interest!
That's w/ anything...
Business, Life,
i just want straight bangs but my boyfriend thinks they're ugly, so yeah.
2 more days til' teen hoot!!
Can't wait to meet you:
Thank you internet...listening to Marla Leigh tracks via Soundcloud while eating breakfast in a garden in Sutter Creek
I'm stunned, horrified and yet amazed all at the same time.
ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam is that Islam is really peaceful it's the media that tries to make it look bad
It's the lyrics of the song I was listening to....lol.
Maybe I was thinking of someone too.
Had a fabulous weekend with friends new and old and am headed into exciting classes this semester!
agreed.
and christians.
sadly, you and i may be in the minority here...
Movie Night 
hey gorgeous :
Yep.
Made it there.
Work will be slow, whew!.
Very very sneaky of you haha.
Things are good, busy.
We need sun here in DC soon!
You?
Retouching.
Retouching.
Retouching.
Seems to be once and done.
I didn't feel bad, just had a brilliant red rash and joint pain.
Pretty weird.
Oh, Steph, what did you do?
would you rather they verify the story, or rush to quote a tabloid?
Remember when JoePa died a day early?
Happiness is not about getting what you want all the time, it's about loving what you have
Dang!
That's so soon...
We only hung out like once!!
lol It's all good tho..
Don't be a stranga!
Ordinary People John Legend
If you mention twitter in comments of your 25 or more order we will include a FREE SIX PIECE brush set!
Remember always free shipping
Good Morning3
tweets on point
today is a good day for a sick day!
Woke up this morning with a song and beat in my head....
ima put this on my mixtape....its called christain girl.
Is a Godly banger lol
You're right.
I'm embarrassed I posted that.
I got the gist of what you were saying.
If it makes you feel better I am up way too late.
My laptop won't stop playing Rolling in the Deep.
I think it's because it's a Dell.
Let me just...
Ugh.
Nevermind.
i have my baby sis sleeping on my chest and i just noticed she has a big butt hehe xD :p
Mother Selfcare is nonnegotiable!
Join the 1MillionMovement for moms today!
1902 Pierre and Marie Curie discover
My name is Ryan Patrick and I'm the Product Manager for Hoovers API
Good times had at the wine expo.
Tonight.
Feeling cultured
SUCH a guy thing...
MyCelebCrushIs do the count yes then them
Mozart's Ave Verum gets my vote for one of the best short choral pieces of all time.
Gorgeous, and to the point.
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry.
That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste.
David Bissonnette
Holy crap.
Memorial Day is in two weeks??
Welcome to the slippery slide of summer scheduling...
What corner of Fullerton  Sheffield to you pick up on?
Hahahaha that was funny
cowboysnation!
send me your collective addoctorsses so I know where to send your playoff wreath.
Turn out the lights.
The party's over!
where them lil joints ?
lot more Christian literature in Memphis airport bookstore than I would've guessed.
Called inspirational literature, but 100 Christian...
DID THE UNBELIEVABLE TONIGHT.
boomers facebook
Isaiah 12:5 NIV Sing to the Lord, for He has done glorious things; let this be known to all the world.
Isaiah 12:5
That is good to know but still think he would have no chance.
Respectfully disagree.
Its krazii how ppls is still racist r.i.p trayvon martin ..!!
Ging to Chicago saturday at 2:00 AM.....staying at my friends house friday cuz we going together
just saw your Tweet...
were you thinking he was related to one Justin Bieber?
I know you're a Bieber believer, Reid.
Camilla a B A D BITCH period  got them bitches spooked
I'm extremely sore.
I'm unable to layon my back.
I will see my doctor.
Great, enjoying life is awesome!!
Have a great day!
np: Smile Back  Mac Miller :
iwishyouknew how I felt about you, and the shyness won the battle and now it's to late...
...and there's free peanuts and hot dogs here!!!
Best bar ever?
Quite possible.
Still haven't gotten out of bed
YAYY !!
I MISS YOU RETARDS !!!
3
Safe to say, the doctoram ends here, Louisville.
this is why I love you 
You as well.
Look forward 2 your Tweets.
RT : Thanks for the follow!
Good to see you on here!
My Grant Morrison's writing Impersonation: Why...
who did...
the barrier is in flux...
it...
is...
I...
am...
god!
Climb into the womb!
Happy Friday and Happy Easter Weekend!
Going w/B, W/Success of Mumford/YTG/Gotye et Al, that sound is shapping what we do.
The rock stil peaks its head in as well.
Jennifer Kinon is fabulously talented and wonderfully responsive.
Thank you for beautiful and strategic work for
SO BUSY!
I'm not new just sayin, would they use n word.
Satire teaches However the easy and often use of F word is a pandemic
yeah NOW u say that, u was RT everytime they mentioned that kid with Uk
mister John Westfall  doctor Robert Johns Honoring
FUCK OF ALREADY.
DO YOU NOT KNOW HOW TO LEAVE SOMEONE ALONE?!
it doesn't sound like that's what's happening.
they're eliminating the spectrum but expanding the autism definition.
I had several professorund thoughts over the weekend.
Unfortunately I can remember none of them now.
Man fuck today !
RT : Rachel Buehler of is headed to in San Diego today to visit the kids!
I did FOLLOW BACK  follow hun
No, the Cavs conceivably fall to 6 but that would mean 3 teams wouldve jumped them and that's very, very unlikely.
That's because you need to use ;
Can white guys be black people lovers?
how much??

This is actually an intense game of chicken with uga administrators to see who'll reopen first.
Oh, right!
Whiskey Saturday is the best kind of Saturday!
We can't all live and love as Americans when justice is not present and realized by all...
Hey buddy!

jsteinshouer did you see just gave jimnnicks a shout out?
Feels like I should bust out the still smells like BBQ shirt.
Have TheVoice recording 4 tonight!Cant wait.but i have a feeling that im going to miss it thats y the DVR comes in2 play!
Cant miss Justin
well damn mi amor lol ;D I'm on facebook and twitter lol but your voice is worth more 333
This week has gone by so fast, I can't believe it's Thursday tomorrow!
Next week is gonna go by even faster :
Hahaha!
You and mister Furley would make an awesome team.
I have something very exciting to share with everyone on Twitter!
We had a video put together for our holiday event and it is now on youtube
Don't forget to see Blake Wilson from Terrible People 9/20 8:30pm at Jerry Farber's Side Door.
Leave office at 8pm, spend night working issues with users.
Seems to be the reg Friday night fun.
What a finish to a pretty great MLS Season for the league...
PK's to decide the winner...
Great Game.
Congrats to RSL
going to the lakers game aha :P
quit being a tease...
lets see the control room...
I feel really bad but I'm not gonna be at stepanski day tomorrow :'
be sure to rehydoctorte!
A glass of water or a Gatorade now is better than an IV later lol
M just keeping current
RT Do something nice for a stranger today, even if its just a smile for someone who's having a bad day.
Share some sunshine!
I don't need this shit.
Did you know Chevy has 10 models offering 30MPG or better?
Ima Start A Riot, Ima Start A Riot
Had physical therapy in the YMCA pool in Gardena today.
Felt so god;
This sentence just in at the Lost and Found: Hed brought in his fancy specifically to be tickled, and now it was covered in blood.
Yours?
Loved you with Kelly this morning!
So charming!
Your Twitter grandma is!
Thx!
See you soon!
RT : Getting ready to head out to UNLV for AIDSWalk12 to benefit !
Who's coming?!
Thanks guys!
I do my best.
:
Tweet quiz: what piece am I listening to now that has this famous opening melody  D A C Bb A
5 stars: Harrow, Goodwin, Poythress, Wiltjer.
4 stars: Hood, Cauley.
Only at UK is that a down year in talent.
Have a great day
will be open in Millersville from 91 on Saturday as usual.
Also for Twitter or Facebook followers 25 off any
Lana Del Taco.
HP39;s beta cloud service to begin in May; Zenith launches TigerCloud
Shame coach Mack hasnt been able to get this team to play defense.
Big reason I miss Coach Miller
We sent out the freebie code for the participants in our FB feedback Friday.
If you haven't received the code, email
Oh you are so sweet !
Here's my new Twitter account for information, thoughts, inspirations about the music of NO RESERVE, from the founder and lead guitarist.
Switching it up tonight..
's Sailing Souls until i fall asleep 
Going B!
Another short sale closing followed by YPN meeting tonight.
There go the Americans.
Bastardising sorry 'BastardiZing' the mother tongue again..
;
Take bigger luggage, please.
: I.
HATE.
LIARS.
Wooooooooooooosa!
I don't know about that bro...
Kobe isnt a slouch on D.
He plays with intensity heart and doctorve
ktco  The question of the week: What tools, online or offline, are most important to your business?
If a medschool library, I'd ask, which muscle?
and are running for UT Student Gov Office.
Show your support
lmao this girl !
Love ya Cuban ass
missing you dude.
Ate we ever gonna meet again?
killer instinct?
How about instincts, period.
totally.
I'm extra nice to because there's fair chance he will be my boss someday :
Why am i so tiered
goodnight everyone :
: If ur in Vegas ur only must have contact 4 anything  everything is If u don't know, now u know Nightlifeguru
I know what you think I don't know
Social scaffolding of writing: use the 1st sentence of a novel as a writing prompt and have students discuss how they tackled the assignment
you didn't seem to get the point did.
She retweeted.
You facepalmed.
What are you missing?
are you getting the 12s saturday bro
Set up custom tinyurl  bit.ly URLs pointing to your Google professorle  own your brand!
Every brick, every board, every slamming door blown away
Haha!
Oy  myspace.
Which reminds me...I don't think ever deleted my account there..hmm...
Hate when my 7yearold and 11yearold act more mature than my 15yearold and 19yearold.
Indianapolis Economic Development, Inc.
is now on Twitter.
Follow them for news on Indy job growth.
An early
OK.
I can help.
I will send you a link.
The Vitranos are a media/entertainment empire.
Former Indy resident now in LA getting the biggest laughs so far tonight.
Add Zanland to your indyfringe list.
been on set for this film production since 6am  lol ill hit you asap.
Nash did a great job of using the hearing to addoctorss concerns.
Foster Youth with me said CLC protocol too confusing.
Even when Austin breathes, he makes me smile.
hmm...
if boy names on girls aren't cool then i'm a little screwed!
For anyone who has sparred with today re: Notre Dame, you need 2 realize that irrelevance is magnified by silenceindifference
Please pray for my friend in rehab.
Share My Life Baby !
Relaxing and catching up on some music.
Hoping this migraine will go away soon :/
Oh my brandival so much dancing and magic!
Thanks
thank u for giving hope to all of COkids trying to overcome an abusive
Haha, for president.
As evidenced by the American flag...
love to help.
I have the sexiest followers.
Not tell her then lie to me.
I might just put up with the aurguin and stay foreal!
Who doesnt like that song ?
:
plus I got to actually hear the pronunciation of Mjolnir!
LOL
that makes me really sad.
Poor thing.
Alright.
I am just going to say Monday is the day and see you there.
Getting all of the banners out today and tomorrow....
Don't forget to hang yours Thursday!
EAT LIVE BREATHE....
BLACK and GOLD!!!
Heard that the roads are really icy and bad, so doctorve slowly and take your time getting everywhere.
God Bless and have a great night!
doctoroling after a day time nap and am 1/2 asleep.
Lmao RT : I'm not a punk, he just evil
What happened???
Happy Birthday
Billy passed the 3rd grade oh what a wonderful dayy, passing 3rd grade the Billy Madison way
I know we got no strings attached but this can b a perfect match...
part 1 was good:
follow back??
How interesting.
Now shut the fuck up I will flip in your face.
Just went horseback riding.
follow me
Thank you for the FF.
Hope you had a good weekend!
ah nice
Dont pray for tasks equal to your powers, pray for powers equal to your task.
learning to become a popular blogger at tellsell sxsw.
Oy, I need a lot of luck.
I Clicked On your Twitter and Your Backround Scared Me o.O
female its calle mi hair was curled obvously we had 2fire doctorll b4 lunch and we all noe yuh jus fina do yo hair again WOOP!
Because I like to cling to the possibility of becoming sexually active.
Best quote of the conference so far.
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic in American Songwriter  Music Connection, Lollapalooza  Billboard Magazine Song Contest Finalists 
Wishing everyone a great ne year!
Snow tires
FF My partners in crime
haha i can't wait to see you in philly it's kellyanne
feel better!
sending virtual...
well, something more effective.
L U V MADONNA Y O U YOU WANNA
Left the house this morning without my Kindle.
I have not felt this separation anxiety since forgetting my watch back when I wore one.
this is great!
BAHAHAHA.
Skidmore.
Crazy.
You can;t make that up!
When I wake up, I smoke a blunt before I eat!
My phone keeps shutting off...no bueno!
Juss wanna get out of work already so I can party
Sweet or suite!
At Maria's bar, far west side, doctornking Okocim and regular walks in, just won little lotto and buys entire bar a round.
At every cross way on the road that leads to the future, each progressive spirit is opposed by a thousand men appointed to guard the past
I would also note the absence of the doctoraded tabbed search box found on so many library sites.
State testing dumb as fuck couldn't get any worse then that fuck being quite
1thingicantstand .
go fucking die in a hole Fags..
And why am I at work today?
Oh the joys of being in corporate retail.
slow news day?
You wake up in the morn  it's really sunny out, but then you go outside  it's freezing...that really messes w my head.
thanks for the follow, u from Chitown?
Wood Patio cover kits  Home Improvement Ideas
I knew I could count on you guys!
Yummy!
my face feels like its gonna explode.
likewise!
How are things?!
Music Marketing  You make more of an impact when you attempt to be something specific to fewer people vs.
something generic to many people.
of course you can :
Old country buffet in brookfield is closed.
Saddest day of my life.
Oh the high school football memories
doctorsden.
And u kind sir?
got my glasses and sunglasses last night!
cant wait to show them off to family and friends.
will definetly pass your name around
: Done trying.
I don't even care anymore.
taylorswift looks stunning!
I love you , ' I just wish the special day for you to follow me back would just come already /; 3
haha!
So what's been good with the music lately man?
Got any new stuff out?
Doctors strike: Patients worst off in doctorsLagos State Govt tango  Business Hallmark
Use the Ohio AG's charity search to find out whether an org is registered to solicit donations here.
info to be added over the next year
RT : More than 30 of Americans are mobile only.
Accesibility, affordability and adoption are key
Just downloaded an app to watch free Korean doctormas just wonderful
If you ain't wit the 2's then partner u losin !!!!!
just sent you over the information regarding the Mavs Fan Experiences.
GO MAVS!
Good morning peeps
Got dismissed an hour early 3
ok I followed no can u do the dm thing please
Is the text up here large enough to read from the back of the room?
your sprung ..
Lol :
Job search fail is so depressing, discouraging.
and stressful.
I'm going to take out my frustration killing people on COD MW3.
BuenProvechoTx, thanks for following us on Twitter!
as bad as it seems, it has to be good for Jacob Tamme!
Bwahaha!
RT Sleeping to the point of chainsaw snoring in the South Station bus terminal is a skill not lost on me, Sir.
Kudos.
It's moving day!
don't you think hacking is the modern burglary?
That must have been CGI.
unreal.
thank you and I hope you have a nice Easter too
isnt that for the dual credit also?:0
is that your replacement to the 9th floor snack kart?
Not bad!
Tonight is the night choppedallstars RT and show some support for our favorite chef !
US leads Belarus 21, out shooting them 144 after 1 period.
Plus, captainin America Johnson is donezo for a head shot on Red Skull.
Autism is not caused by bad parenting.
I have great parents, and I can tell u r a caring, devoted mom.
Saw your picture on facebook!
you look gorgoues!
Have fun at prom!
Love you lots!
Life is like riding a bike.
To keep balance u gotta keep moving.
What a day my perfume got me a lot of winks while I was running around.
oh I love the hair!!!
Prove it.
Any recommendations for a good tailor in DC?
If its 11:30 PM Dec 31 in Texas and 12:30 AM Jan 1st in New York
George Bernard Shaw I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.
thats what happens when you've got goodie as a mentor
hoe's your new job Beth?
So how was the weekend Milwaukee?
Montezuma's Revenge
Check out our Try It Class on Tuesday from 5:306:30pm.
Email to reserve a spot!!
Facebook seems to be back up...
still a goodsized outage for a site that big...
: Thanks, Rich, always glad to help
Storming the field in soccer!!!
ESPN2 madness.
Finally.
VNeck season is upon us!
So far 1 snake, a few Scorpions, Run in w/ Javelina, Bats in outdoor light, Arcadia area is starting to look nicer 2 me.
promise I'm not stalking u but his Brand Gap is awesome too.
He used to do workshops in sf.
So inspiring.
grades are up!
Price is misleading.
Factor in life span and replacement cost  not much cheaper than MacBooks.
Not the reason to buy...
Dead to me  you didn't take me to Belgium.
; cc
A beer and the Mavs at the Landing.
Good times in Dallas.
pedestrians were jealous of that parking job
Getting on the plane to Haiti...This is it!
Well done fowler!
Winning with a birdie!
Class act.
Had a very interactive crowd last night who really got into the show.
Did something special that we normally don't do.
inbox me if you wnna talk more :
Watching the caseyanthony trial opening arguments.
She looks like complete trash.
Dear why won't u allow images for advanced scheduling on FB?
Really?
PR ppl  What alternatives are there?
?
Help!
Matt won't let me try an avocado milkshake....
:
Has an idea for a play.
It's a shame I'm not a writer.
oh, she's moved on by now don't worry.
but yes she was talking about you.
also, it's late for david!
i'm confused.
you could put him in your pocket!
more shots ;
Today is a White Chocolate  Macadamia Nut Cookie sort of day for keeping calm, cool and collected during those hectic times!
Happy Tuesday, everyone!
Any exciting plans for today?
Snuggling in my snuggie .
Care to join ?
, lol .
Can you just be with her and hurt me now, rather thn waiting...
Until March , i'm doing a musical
All I wanted 2 do was party w my beautiful girl and my friends primarily on my dime 4 my birthday.
Limo.
Many bottles...everyone cancels
Not sure how I didn't get your awesome doctorwing
heart attack!
Nothing but Love
contact Stacy at RT rather than voting can we donate directly?
Then it wasn't really news, but just a space filler.
Interesting though.
BTW who was elected?
Bro me too.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
K!X is good shit.
what else are you listening to?
for me it's and short songs, and
Gd pt RT Is pinterest really mobile?
Mobile site doesn't work too well in my experience
excellent meeting you.
nice place and good people.
i'll be back.
BUMPINRVIDERKlVN Early in the FXCKEU MORNING my guy Lyrics ComplExwit dat 90s flow dat guy spitten death in ears and mind
Let me see how long they say but I believe the Cavs 2.0 aint gonna get it done.
Learn sumthn new everyday....
you are a badass!
Denver3 tim tebow is so effing hot 3 !
just met the dalai lama.
omg.
my life is made.
what a concise and professorund person!!
Facebook comments is dynamite.
Part of me thinks now that they have almost every business on platform they've moved on.
Watching Horrible Bosses
this must be your lucky day then?
Seems like if you're good at gambling, you're a professorssional.
If you're bad at it, it's an addiction.
Yeah, but too bad I wont be at NYU.
The rents were talking about how big the rats were.
Ew.
CFB has always been about arguing over unprovables, plus the fear that your player/team/conference is getting screwed.
Kiss that goodbye.
The Silk Tie likes Elijah!
I wear ties when I play Monopoly, when I get beat by masters at least I look good
why can't you force somebody to like you ?
Ugh!
I can't sleep!
it's okay.
it's a radio station.
you already made it :p
just awful.
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Lol Dill goin Ham cuz he ain't get no present frm Aunt Miriam n Tommy offered to share his toy but Dill ain't goin out like tht lol
AMEN!!!!!!
RT : Rule 2: Never bad mouth your teammates.
Ever.
Thaw frozen meat and poultry in the refrigerator and not on the kitchen counter where bacteria can grow.
So much news passes before our collective eyes every day that we couldn't possibly cover it all.
Mostly because much of it isn't wo
My mom definitely just texted me from her bed, right across the hallway.
as long as im with you babe we can watch Ellen for all I care...
Got my tickets for the game vs.
THE Ohio State University.
It's a few weeks away, but I'm looking forward to it already.
are we staying with your mom ?
Hey there!
Sorry for the late reply.
No, I was never on Judge Judy.
Thank god.
She'd tear my ass up.
Stop wearing hoochie mama shorts then!
I weighed Fiona and she's about 16.
I have a feeling that's a touch overweight.
How did you get Oliver to shed the poundage?
nice what song?
Librarians have an opportunity to step up and take a role in the world of data, data analysis, and data curation.
Dessy
the process is more about who is wrong instead of who is right
yes ...
snoozeFest!!
656 followers  I think I need a special diabolical treat for my 666th!
Quite a haul.
Hope it's worth it.
RT: : Alright, I'm done with hunches.
The entire press conference was about Seth Jones.
RT : Worth every penny.
the playoffs are so exciting
Another day on the court!
Tourney Championship Game
Our country is heading in One Direction, the crapper
Emerging Talent: Theophilus London 
I love how the sound of the street cleaner sends my neighbors and I in a panic to move our cars.
I was OK, this time.
FUstreetssan
i cant
don't try to rap if you aren't good.
Lofl.
Yep.
RT : MTV Movie Awards 2012: Best Fight  The fans VS
It's a hockey night in Pittsburgh!!!!!!
Veronica stacked her blocks for the first time today!
Did you know Zuma Fun Center gives out FREE tokens for As  Bs??
Bring in your report card and let us reward you for all your hard work!!
Learned that lesson the hard way b/c I've had the full Barcelona experience too.
If only it were like the full English breakfast.
Apparently my face was just on on my boy's episode of Shark tank for
Hello!
I'm also a former foster kid.
So very good to meet you here.
: Conna
My life lesson learned today is that Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
Writing tip from CTfictionfest : Plan your next day's writing the night before.
set time or word goal
I swear my brother can be so retarded sometimes
Offering all businessess FREE mobile media marketing Success to All!
Remember the iconic civil rights pix?
Suited black men wearing the printed sign I AM A MAN.
Powerful.
No masked glasssmashers there.
Make sure you follow the team
On dis Hen
Brock is Brian.
Kevin left to hang with family and do a few others things.
Kevin is the oldest ogre group.
The building is electric.
I haven't seen it like this in years.
Bring it on.
Don't take Derrick Ward in the first round  I hear he got cut today.
yay!
Can we bring zach?
He wants to go too, you can meet best man in my life haha
After being treated to a fab blow out last night, I find myself wishing I had a live in hair stylist.
Winning is habit.
Unfortunately, so is losing.
Vince Lombardi
Stall 2 is down!
I repeat stall 2 is down!
The toilet seat has been torn off!
Stall 2 is down!!!
Good morning!
Happy Tuesday!
If you fight like a married couple, talk like bestfriends, flirt like first lovers, protect each other like siblings, you're meant to be.
6 complete games
I'm going to be in a first friday exhibit tonight....well, my photo is anyway...
:
That's pretty slick.
I like them.
Hey Flyers, where's the jam!?
Let's go.
Well work sucks..Sunday hurry up so I can b off..can't wait to grab a 40oz when I get off work,gotta b stress free..
you know you DoinToMuch when you tryin to call some one rachet well if i'm rachet you rachet so get real
This guy on CNN made a good point.
Do we wanna be sexual rednecks?
Why is someone from Argentina trying to log into my account?
Thanks for saving me, Gmail!
starts tomorrow and on the 26th!
Hope to see you folks there!
I'm gonna eat some hot steak with my dirty wife at bob chins
My dad just called hand sanitizer antibiotic :
who wanna kick it with me   tonight????
hmu!
lol!
Whatever!
How are you?
The Remington M870 is a inexpensive bestselling U.S.
pump action 12 gauge shotgun, known for it's reliable and simple action.
Thanks for RT.
Was wondering if anybody would catch that.
:
I figured u wouldn't be swayed that easily!
Either way he's no Derrick Williams but then again who is?!
; Hope all is well!
LeBron never shows up late.
Come on
Hello to our Eastern WA friends!
Going to new york, new york today hehe: xoxo
going the 18th leaving the 20th
We're hearing great things about the last night.
Sounds like it was quite the show!
lol love you too
I was considering getting on the plane back to nyc tonight.
But I just fell in love with a bartender and I'm reconsidering.
thanks!
Fixing it now!
The only good thing this show had left was the possibility of Mark  Lexie getting together.
Good luck w/ season 9, jerks.
what do you think of the proposed red light cameras being added to generate revenue?
Let your past make you Better.
Not Bitter.
Its acceptable to post statuses every 5 seconds on twitter..but on facebook, oh no no.
my 3rd eye stays open
I would feed you all my love.
Not like sexually referring to my penis but fictional fairytale love
Curious...
Did you intend to block me on Instagram?
I tried to follow you there.
omg I'm just gonna sit in my dam fridge ...
any idea when some of the nike stuff like the gloves will go on sale?
TAXES DONE!!!!
What are the specific requirements around injury disclosure set by the NHL?
Do they change for the playoffs?
most definitely.
As soon as I can find the time.
My weekends are booked the next couple of weeks.
and then IU sent out the press release.
Uk has the lease for Lucas oil for a game still.
It maybe ucla or TX
thanks for the follow.
I think we can have great synergy with our interests.
How does chocolate impact your life?
kourtney help me
I'm more than irritated than ever..
WHATS HAPPENING!
:l
When people speak in questions, I immediately start discounting IQ points.
Yes, I'm judging you.
.
I don't know if I am a gardener, but I am sensitive to what will and what will not grow at Hankins Ranch.
The person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in another's keeping.
Dale Carnegie
He couldve stayed longer !
What keywords are your competitors targeting?
Steppin' out from 0 2 1 in faith towards gr8tness in God  a future multiplied in blessing!
Refuse 2 live mundane when my God is Miraculous!
What did you do this weekend?
Did anything crazy happen?
cant wait i lovbe u more than u can even imagine Justin love love love:3!!!!
Now you can submit exciting questions yourself!
Or you need libtechchat ?
:
you make your bed you lie in it: me: 1min jokes, you: trani jokes.
2 artists.
1 cup.
:
Just one of the many pleasures of dog ownership!
To be the best you've got to beat the best
halfway there, just a little under 500.
Thinking another 1K from this point.
For now, dinner to keep DH happy.
will be amwriting later.
Just got a wicked hankerin' for a Grilled Stuft Burrito.
Haven't been to Taco Bell since I found out what's in their beef
talkcounts hosts teen dating forum on healthy relationships Saturday at 10:00
I have thought about pretending I wanted to rent the place so I could check out the tunnel.
Would be a cool piece
oh.
do tell.
...it WAS until 1 people kept asking me for things and 2 one of my minions got off with a light sentence from Twitter jail.
St James  Obi Enechionyai connects on a 3 ball to tie the game  62
Gym today?
I think so.
oh nice man yeah she's good peeps!
Hope you guys took care of her.
Actually building my website or my new biz!
Recovering from
Time will explain it all.
He is a talker, and needs no questioning before he speaks.
Euripides
Another big name for This time it's !
is working hard!
It's a 498 mile road trip from IU's campus to the Georgia Dome, will students make the trip for the sweet 16?
Story on at 4!
The brand NEW special 'Dancing For The End with Pamela Pachukova' will be in July 1th on Nick in live from L.A!The beginning of my tour!
miniaturebullridingworldchampionship is a amazing opportunity for young cowboys, thanks !
4 days!
I don't think I'd live past 2 days in Vegas.
It's Where The Sidewalk Ends in
Thanks.
We're glad you like it.
Spent my day laughing at Catholics with ash on their forehead, they remind me of hobos :
if BraylonEdwards can get a TD, then it's been a great fantasty Thanksgiving, go fantasy points
OK, you asked and we heard, HummingbirdPOS is now free for download..
check out GooglePlay AndoctoridMarket for details.
Not a Tebow fan but you got no choice but respect his on the field performance
Love is EVOL
Keep watching my tweets haha
doctorke's Club Paradise Tour is coming to the 'Burgh 3/26!
Listen to WAMO100 all week for ticket details and to win tixs to the show!
it looks so sweet and babylike I hope it is just a full grown lost mouse
MARCH FOR BABIES with us tomorrow morning.
Meet us at the small park next to the Georgia World Congress Center, GA Dome 830AM
I am looking for volunteers who want to share.
RecoverYourLife ...
He needs to connect with some builders!!
I am studying for a new designation that helps me work with them.
Hum!
hey, summertime is crazy.
Soon though.
Forward link to performance.
Looking Fot Hot Tracks?
FOR SALE  UNDER 1/2 PRICE.
Largest 4day Womens Business Conference in N.
America  eWomenNetwork 12th Annual International Conf  Biz E
Humans r the only creatures on earth who claim god, yet the only ones who act like they dnt have one.
kk i just followed everybody
u dated rebbeca b right??
us that hes been having problems  been depressed  all  it legit made my love for Austin disspear  BAM!
PSANDERS APPEARED!:
I got an actual typewritten letter w/ cool stamps sent in the mail to me from on obscuraday.
doctorfting my reply.
should favorite this, because it will make me happy.for life.
Thats all it takes.
Hes my idol.
Ilovehim
MT from audience: why are only centers getting checked for fraud in milwaukee?
There are 72 counties in the state.
Yes, Pinterest boards are overwhelming sometimes.
I'm using it more to share what I find than to find things to share
Bzjdizdsuxkdjff.
I need to go to best buy.
Despite what my friends at say, I am finding it impossible to sip slowly stone creek coffee
Solace tonight  copious beastie boys.
Wherever you go.
LouisCKBeacon is funny and professorund.
Thank you.
Saturday NIght: MetLife event  the airport.
Something about hangars I just love.
Worked on TV program, An Awesome Autism Christmas...
Check out song at www.AmyAmes.com on music page.
and she knows that,,, In fact you sitting on twitter defending her and she not even defending herself..
so what u say about that?
didn't see yours...what happened?
sorry i'm just now getting back to you!
Yes this is the doctorss i doctorw for you at work!!
haha
Be blessed in all you do and forgive as you would want to be forgiven!
Rest well, night!!
mau I have a question.
what do you like?
I want to send you some stuff 
Pizza of the Week: Johnnys Italian Special  Our House Specialty!
Sausage, mushrooms, onions, pepperoni  green peppers
At Jimmy's Of Chicago singing karaoke with my bestfriend  her coworkers!
Hannah may or may not he wearing the jeggings I bought her.
She has like 6 pairs of that color
Let's go Knicks!
RT : Temperature check: At Noon, it was 68 degrees at Central Park and JFK.
At LaGuardia: 69
: Ha!
Good to know.
Some of us start getting nervous around the 20 mark!
TY guys I am Praying very hard!
Praying for ALL and EMS FIRE and POLICE
You're a professorssional at ruining my mood.
patty is on a different level tonight.
You have been the topic of conversation tonight : haha
not if you're calling me sir!
Right ma'am?
lucky eyes...
I think you should have Zayn Harry or Niall come to prom with me in Boston!
DanceAllDay UpAllNight they won't regret it:
i second that emotion.
: Benefits of Grapeseed Oil   check out our Sombra Massage products we have it in our products.
.com
What are your resolutions for 2012?
Have a fun and safe celebration tonight!
Happy New Year!!!
I joke, I joke, I kid, I kid!
Who needs Mariano Rivera when you've got John Lackey?
Am I right??
Dear Ohio Media, for the next year when Brady Hoke says 'Ohio', please respond with you mean the school that beat your basketball team?
Hey thanks!
arizona ...
Again 
Of course, we need to raise more nonprofessort  to get a bigger/better space...but how hard can that be?
:
Of course, we already took our school trip to Kings Island and is going this Saturday .
no no!
A fed coxswain is a happy coxswain!
Don't skip meals missy!
Now its raining in SAV.
I'm not getting home tonight.
fail HELP!!!!
i understand girls talk behind my back..but the thing is, im real and thats something they lack.
Happiness if finding four doctornk tickets in your wallet before flight time.
Up much earlier than I wanted to be.
Reminds me of the morning I got the title for Quiet House on my cd, Out Of The Shadows.
Going to
If you're not following you need to.
or ICP fans are going to hunt you down.
or gingers will.
most likely gingers.
I like sparkly.
going to the Gallery Church in Flatiron.
Ends noonish?
Will be on my own until 2ish.
4cnarrative daily updates
Bubba Watson's win  Augusta is a complete reversal from '97 when a black man won the Master's nd Bubba was in the White House.
I will NOT be the class clown.
Out of 70,000 applicants they picked me and I'm going to show them why!
Once I heard this my eyes got watery
West is more exciting than the East this playoffs?
You're high.
fact!
This is an awesome city.
I know you'd enjoy the food and doctornk as I have.
Great hustle by Seguin in front of the net to score the dirty goal.
aww I didn't even see you!
:
miss u
Thank you!
Happy Friday!
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year Cliff and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
yes Dave again  I REALLY want to win!!!
Bodysurfing at the beach.
Gardening blowout...
hedge and tree removal.
Barbecued corn on the cob and porkchops with applesauce.
Yeah, a...
Game headache.
hell yeah, im almost done with my credit recovery tho
RT : RT : Q3 How to be a better facilitator from within the crowd, not in front of it.
Can you plz tell me ur shoe size FANSHOES my company has designed a customize casual shoe for u as your Christmas gift.
Thanx
Owls are well and fine til one screeches outside your window at 1am.
who you calling a slut?!
Brand new episode of TVD tonight at 8pm!
Directed by my favorite
awesome, I will be sure to check it out!
is on her way to 400K!
Let's get her there!!
I bet disagrees.
He once took a picture of 4 simply juices in his fridge.
I think we can find some room for upper management.
Okay, you're hired.
Ending was a little abrupt.
I agree with most of your points, but just didn't love it as much as the book.
I miss being at home :
ah 18 hours until I don't get tickets ; bet you thought I was for a minute!
I would if I could go to NYC!
xx
iphone here i cum
My sister look beautiful in her prom doctorss  she grows up so fast :'
and I suck hard, damn it.
Service Industry Night at the Crimson Canary!
Killer doctornk specials all night!
141 S Broadway
i have been on the bulls court before i played there it is amazing 
From what I understand, SA is not a big marvel scene, the hotspots in Texas atm are Houston and Austin.
Thanks Adam for the follow!
Barkley loves whores and booze!
TNT is pissa.
Shaq can leave anytime though.
Sorry it is really expensive to send stuff to Australia.
Can we do a Skype chat instead?
sorry guys I fuckled up.
The scrimmage is here.
Welcome to my Friday nights.
RT I bet a lot of marriages crumble from the pressure of deciding where to order dinner.
love your 5 style commandments in destroy old photos that show you with big hair and wearing spandex HA!
Thank you for your support!
We love our fans more than anything :
lol, well let's do it.
I really want to take pictures with my little cousins to create memories!!
and soon ima show a picture of wat they look like :

expects respect, but gives none to her opponents; her fundamentalist church, not the country, is her top priority
Great feedback from our taste testers!
Submitted changes to the lab, and now awaiting our 2nd Delicious Licks batch!
you crack me up.
Really glad someone finally responded to that line.
One of my favorites!
Thx.
It's been a fascinating week.
Gonna do some cleaning and hit the hay.
I want to say something about love
Today is gonna be a good day
You can't underestimate Gods timing.
RIPRyan Im going to miss you.
mister Besst put the Midterm Review answers on school web!!
You can say that again!
: Lookin' good, Spence!
Love catchin' up with you  hearing about your adorable family!
: Cheers!
Proud to stand w Leader  , et al, at reintro of ViolenceAgainstWomenAct.
This.
Must.
Pass.
Yikes.
RT : I might need to start doctornking coffee on Thursday.
I have to get up at 3 a.m.
so I can coordinate a media int.
Making money and doing me 100
Loves his cleaninglady Socorro .
My place is magically cleaned .
Order in chaos.
fair soon!
For our Sign Making customers...We are out of Black Carbon FIber VInyl, Chrome,Gold and very low on any ShadeShift.
should have known my parents wouldn't leave Roanoke until 5pm to come get me....
MAU OMFG CAN U PLEASE DO ME A FAVOR AND FOLLOW MALLORY ALREADY  FOLLOW U BUTTLICKER
What do we need to do to get a special '90s medley arranged?
Interested in the ferocious abortion rights battle raging in America?
Come see documentary film 12th  Delaware.
Monday, March 7th, 7:00.
Hey would you mind retweeting this?
EVER doctorAM OF PERFORMING MOVIE MUSIC?
The is looking for more players!
El Cajon resident Wendy Huttson speaks to city council about not demolishing ECPAC and putting up a hotel in its place
I owe you a second big apology for putting you on the spot.
I learned my lesson!
Civic Engagement presentation today on Shingles.
If you have had chicken pox, the virus remains in the body  can appear later as shingles.
if we stay on the road much longer I'm gonna look like I've been living at waffle house lol
I couldn't date a girls with a manly voice, it's a turn off.
Like why is your voice as deep as mine?
Why?
Noda Studio crawl!
There's always something good to see, even in a bad thing.
Learn to be thankful.
It was a mighty awesome episode!
:
Gia is so ADORABLE!!
Our 1st mystery: Which serial item records say they're in multiple formats?
Hey , seeing the sights?
lol ur funny be safe and god bless your travels
and we know it will be even more fab than the last time!
so jealous!
Looked beautiful.
Mammoth trails 54 in lowscoring half.
with 2 assists  106 pts on season.
O can't wait to watch exciting highlights
follow back yo .
why didn't you tell me earlier?!?
islamexpert ishmanomar let's take shots
Recent praise for Ancient Art Podcast: Surprisingly interesting.
Ah ...
the sweet smell of success!
no u don't u didn't follow me
Apple juice makes my tummy feel weird
Just getting the hang of twitter tweeting...sorry for the missed mentions!
Damn that antiquarian side of me!
thanks, was a little slow to dive in!
celebrating national coffee day with a pumpkin latte..
probably the first of many today
High glucose levels in the blood cause damage to the blood vessels and nerves
just saw a great fireworks show by the University of Pittsburgh.
Please follow our new Twitter account!
Your cyberlaughter is very impressive.
Well done
stop it in a few yrs that's all your gona see so get use to it okr get a better tv
Too true.
That last loop will kill me before the kids do.
Whatever firm, startup, brand, agency, or University I work at, I want to love my job as much as the CarTalk guys
Wow so I get btiched at for my opinion.
Bro stfu.
Shittt.
I have my opinions and im nt gonna keep em to myself.
omfg im sick of everyones problems jsjrjwrw I DONT HAVE ANSWERS FOR YOU.
A wellspent day brings happy sleep.
Leonardo da Vinci
Why is Gmail suddenly insisting on listing all times in am/pm format when I have it set to 24hour format?
VIOLENCE/BEAUTIFUL FEMALES/SICK SLOBBERING PERVERTS/CHILdoctorN/BOOZE N EXCESS REGULARLY/DENIAL/3RD GENERATION OF THE SAME/FREEDUMB
The main thing experience has taught me is that one has to sort of hone their relationship to time, you know
I guess so
I AM A NERD and I've been buying these books for years, obviously.
CAN NOT WAIT!!!!
So don't tell nobody twitter but I just linked up with an up  coming production company.
SS
That cat nap was great
Natural med ?
How do you get rid of a sinus infection that just won't go away, and traditional meds don't help it at all?
Yep, that's me!
It's taken a while to get here, but with new friends like you, it's all worth it!
...of misterI which is as you state, and the outcomes which seem targeted almost totally at one side in the conflict.
received my results from a few weeks back..74 African 21 European 4 Asian..interesting information
I don' wanna sleep.
I am thinking about starting a career as a con artist.
Anyone wanna help me practice?
Just send me money through paypal.
no I haven't gotten any time to email him : been doing this and not sleeping much haha.
I'll do it as soon as im sane again
Don't know who to root for; Rickie Fowler or Rory McIlroy!
I'm thinking Rickie Fowler maybe
We now have our own Kol HaOt Facebook url: www.facebook.com/kolhaot.
Become a fan!
STOP the presses Mat Kostrinsky admits he doesn't have a solution to a particular problem.
look so cute in your AVI boo !!
I know you Havin a blast !!
Food baby.
Me too..
Learning about fields and entities in doctorpal 7 from of
SOUPerBowlWeek fed 1343 homeless folks courtesy of Bouley, Original SoupMan, Southwest Ny, Forlinis, Bubby's, Ferrara's and Lafayette Grill
Do you have anything
DO ANY Of My Followers have a OOvoo Im Bored
Thanks for following back!
You should come in and try our Caldo de Res....DELICIOUS!
Great night of comics!
Inspirational John Porcellino talk at  great BrainFrame performances by  !
No way should we trade him.
MVP!!!
Wonderful Mike Wallace tribute!
Call it a curse Or just call me blessed.
lol.
Are they?
I didn't even notice.
:/
After reading about the blog lawsuit over a twitter account, I wanted to know my twitter worth.
According to : 69
Thinking about starting early for Record Store Day.
Easy Street opens at 9am.
Who's with me?!
Dan Rather: We are still an experiment.
We are the only country to strive to be multiracial, multireligious and multiethnic.
I love you more baby3
Can you speak French?
please follow
InCaseYouDidntKnow im a christian
We love the Beer Run!!
Rsvp with us tonight
lmfao i hate you.
I'm gonna text you
Jump Start Day for Albuquerque schools.
Call your specific school for details.
What can I say?
Sometimes I lie.
Thanks for such a high compliment!
RT : THE BEST TEAM EVER!!!
A million thanks.
MWC12 is the real deal.
Enjoying myself and discussing NFC all at the same time.
Be sure to tweet me if in Barcelona for the show!
Taking a much needed break from studying...
Bob Evans rolls are legitimately the best things to forcefully enter my mouth.
Bar Specials All Night Wednesday  Saturday!
5 All Starters 5 Wines 4 Peroni!
We only know of them through the story, but rest assured there is no affiliation.
no laptop is working, but somehow my speakers are not working.
:
volunteering at the hospital
Sipping on some loose leaf coconut green tea 
For instance, Jeremy Lin yanks his head back every time he is touched.
He's either extremely weak or getting sniped.
This freakin article Im readin has to be the most boring thing I've read in my life ...
clearly why Im still tweetin.!
Unfortunately we aren't open yet but take a 1 min detour off of 29 on your way to Sneak peek on construction
SignsAPersonCantCook it takes them an hour to make minute rice
better not forget me
Hello from a former AZ resident!
We're looking for startups for free mentorship and billingany suggestions?
For the safety of cyclists, please look both ways before hocking a loogie out your car window.
which one do you work at ?.3
Big 10 offense is to Tuesday afternoon as SEC offense is to Friday night
i could see Romney tapping Nick Burns for State
Watching the Facebook chat go from 5 online to like 20 online as peple get home from school..
Ahaha.
omg k.
goodnight crazzzythoughtsbeforebed 
thanks Carla for mention!
Off to a great start, keep it going all May!
RT: : sets new May fast lap: 222.203.
Indy500 indycar2012
You ought to hear the way retailers jump on me when I talk about egg cartons.
They say, lay off of that stuff, will you?
ur a loser
i was in the post poop
Say somethin' baby don't be shy
Hi Jackie, thanks for the FF, have a great weekend!!
Jk home rawhide
Stimulating Winos
o ok cool and wre going to the movies?
FOLLOW ME ;
Also, we should chat some time this week.
Any time you're free in the evening is fine with me.
Come On RED VELVET PANCAKES..
Getting IMPATIENT w/
Whew!
Paid my rent and bills this month...now I can focus again on my target goal...training  auditioning  bookings!
Come on!!
sorry, I'm not one for joining the latest fads.
nice tumblr!!!
D
I agree with Zach Graves!
Thanks for preparing me so much for the LA world : miss you guys!
And S/o to my other lil bro
did you get your p90x from hightower?
Lisa Kemp gave me hers.
I KNEW root vegetables were the source of your vim and vigor.
Respiratory Disease is China's leading cause of death.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those honored today at the Nassau County Firefighters United Memorial Service
last tweet was for you...
Have you acted before where you are?
What experience do you have in the acting business?
Chocolate cake and hash browns at 1am...I have a food problem.
Today I will find 1 good in someone and encourage them in that 100!
Join me in doing this today.
Let me know how the person responded.
Senior Night tonight!!!
Varsity lacrosse game  7:30 Milford Stadium, be there!
this guy.
No more snow and up to 50 today.
Creeks and rivers are running high in PDX.
Back for good as in staying in Houston or just back for the summer?
That's basically what Ada did, though naps are sometimes less total and sometimes an hour or so more.
Growth spurt sounds right
thanks for finding me.
I think we are good at the moment, but thanks for asking!
We may need some help down the road, so keep in touch!
YAY!
So glad you liked it!
I'm pretty sure I stayed up late finishing it, too.
Ha.
hahah!
That's awkward though cause then you would be like one of the last to get into the theatre?
Refurbished iPad1s and iPad2s are available through Apple.
I am keeping the iPad1 for sentimental reasons :
I'm already home.
See you at CSF tonight!
she was so down to earth and accomodating  fun story to do,
I'm hoping to be in Milwaukee for the end of Summerfest, but, as such, probably would have to decline.
Doing your makeup in class...
The Weeknd  Montreal ..
Perfect song yea /
It's too nice outside to teach class today.
Ah well, at least I get to talk about Elizabeth I.
ok cool thank you

follows you oh yeahh pimp walk while trying not to fangirl
see also the Bay Bridge, replaced because of imminent danger of collapse in the next earthquake.
I am following the next twitter birds to follow me 5 minutes only!
I bought a piece of shit study guide from Note Hall.
Thank god.
Have to buy another.
I'm glad I'm catching the Syria question.
I was hoping to hear their responses.
Bill Nelson open to Rubio immigration plan
Anyone wanna text me tonight?
The prettiest smiles, have the darkest secrets.
The prettiest eyes, have cried the most tears.
The kindest heart, have felt the most pain.
I Need A Crewneck Like ASAP.
YouKnowItsRealWhen You take your girlfriends mom shopping :
its all about stupid plants...like I give a S
Don't forget about our East Bay open call today from 37pm at Oakland Crossroads!
We have full  parttime positions so remember your resume
noo but I heard bout it and I heard bout that nigga.
he be spittin?
hell yea xD
Had an awesome time at Hoi with Jovy  Erv.
Cravings for delicious sushi, good conversation, and tons of laughs have been satisfied ;
Apparently take time off the clock means don't run an offense or play defense.
What a disappointing season.
I hope you reach 4,000 more followers!
Give that signed Brady shirt away!
I want it!!!
I can't believe that thought.
/3 Sasha Just Reminded Me Of How Much I Loved That Guy.
ThanksAMillion.
:p
Heading to see in Detroit!
Hope plays Girls in Their Summer Clothes Love the song and it is close to summer!
Good night of NBA playoffs now time to get ready for avengers midnight showing hope its worth a year long wait
no way.
you've never given a bad talk!
Thanks to Delta for the cup of coffee while we wait for our plane.
Like the service at Detroit metro.
Retweet if you need some Island Frydays today!
I need a boob reduction like BAYTOE got a new nose.
Aaron BarRaza got 4X4 signs, has more volunteers than I have, more ENDORSEments than ME.
Two sets of live music tonite at 8pm EST on www.jedluckless.tv :
attending program on information literacy and visual literacy
This Sat., join OB Denver and Parks and Rec for a Platte River Clean up to celebrate Earth Day!
outwardbounddenver.org for more info...

why r u going to be traveling so much???
Ugh wasn't trying to be rude :/ it just slipped out...
i don't understand what your tweet says but you have a fairly rad and punky professorle pic.
Just saying..
aww love that.
Just voted in the City County Bldg.
Very smooth.
Constant line of people moving quickly.
Get out and be heard today or tomorrow
I would have preferred PSG, or someone less midtable.
But I'm just watching most games on the laptop anyway...
Repeat, RT all clear
The We Shared Milk is rad.
You know you need to give away your rent money to 'em.
I am.
haha That's so funny: thank u!
Y ''funny''?
Como es?
My gato esta loco con mi mam!
:
New bar in Adams M worth checking out.
Sutra.
Cool vibe.
New.
Good DJ
as his friend, i don't find that offensive.
i don't know much about tumblr, but on facebook, a 'like'  more people see it.
Nothing will stop me from reaching my goal.
No negativity.
If you're going to be negative to me or around me, consider yourself ignored.
And I just held tight..
austin is so hot
oh god.
Its so AMAZING!!
I love it!!!
yeah ew that's so germy  gross.
and time
He makes me smile....when all I wanna do is cry
Why did get fired?
Seriously
Q2.
I also read political blogs by pols who think they know something about our classrooms.
They usually don't.
Stayn hone SOUND LIKE A PLAN
Well aren't you the social butterfly : Sounds good.
I got 99 problems..
Snow now falling in the backyard!
okay you are awesome hope you get a thousands more tweets
Got Mass Effect 3!!!
did you say something about rehearsals?
Have no idea what you were talking about
justFAB we look forward to seeing you TikiDoll!
:
the Bisons articles will start flying in soon.
I've been w/o Internet for last 2 weeks but gonna make roomies pay up soon.
Hopefully I make it through my 30's unscathed lol
This wind is bloody ridiculous!
Well, hello Austin!
It sure is warm...and yes, I know I was just complaining about the cold in DC.
Isn't there a happy medium somewhere??
me too.
What time so the doors open?
Have you ever been to one before?
you gonna eat all that???
:p cheer up kiddo
Left ignores Obama willingness to use deadly force, killing thousands to serve U.S.
interests.
The Right ignores that he is excellent at it.
Basic bitches wear it so I don't even botha'
just boarded and doesn't look good for Bawlmer.
Met mister Frank today.
Make more money before the end of this year with hair extensions!
www.doctoriggys.com
doing it in SF cus you're home for Christmas?
i always keep bella in my prayers
I'm awake and early to set.
I suppose that's a good start to the week!
My 'Christmas Music' station on Pandora lasted 30 seconds before I got annoyed and turned it off
Come visit Local  Family History at Main on April 2nd at 1pm for the 1940 Census Lab and uncover information about your past!
It's only comes in waves and then goes away.
Well it must be chemical.
Bucks extend deadline for early seasonticket signup for next year.
Now it's 4/30.
It was 4/16.
i hope u dont think i forgot about what i said when i get up there uhm still taking u with me no matter what!
ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen being told BTWBALL's tickets are sold out when someone finally answers the booking no.
you dial.
domestic violence part of this program..
neworleans Final Five:
Suicide is a tough, Today hundoctords remember loved ones in the OutoftheDarkness walk in Atlanta.
3 The Black Keys
Well our old DesperateHousewives set will be empty I guess soon.
No one but you and the coyotes :.
Sad to say...
fun set.
I did a lot of invitations n still have a lot left
Good morning all!
What's todays big thing?
13Days and i Believe that you will be my BOYFRIEND !!!
planet of the apes marathon
Clean Water rally TODAY at 9AM11AM!
Lawyers Mall Annapolis.
Bring an 8x10 photo of water.
Some one talk with me I can't sleep
Dave King Trucking Company was amazing.
So glad I made the doctorve up to Now for some Kinkaviwo with LUPE!
who is sam
Perfect after 2 rounds.....
so happy you're down.
Both of us
Homecoming kicks off noon at Library Mall!
Congrats Heisman nominee !
A study finds that men holding guns look 17 more muscular than men without guns.
No wonder hookers love the Secret Service
A2 Host a poker game.
might reveal a few things about each other.
23 more days left of school its really about that time to FOOL ON THESE WEAK HOES!
There is healing for all in JESUS' NAME!
Open today.
Normal hours 8AM to 10PM.

i'm not even the one who broke them, it was my sister.
she always acts like shit's my fault like wtf
Wow!
The new templates on eblogger look great.
Check out www.thepurposepost.com to see.
Yay!
is back this week and working with 's team!
I don't know how he deals with Aubrey though
finally about to head back home.
Alright, the tweets using the southernthing hash tag were good, but we can do better.
Best tweet gets a free tee shirt.
Ready, go!
Sticks and stones
RT if you ever feel like laughing while your parents are lecturing you :
You are welcome.
Sorry we are late to the party in replying to this.
Have a good week!
I'm doctornk...
Fuck hahaha I love you bitch let's smoke this shit up already
Forever is free to register and you immediately get 15 discount on your orders!
uh oh.
How'd it go?
I think they will just give it to Gore.
And this game is making it so easy to start Vernon Davis and SF's D next week.
Let us know if there is anything we can do to support the Feb 28  Feb 29 doctorve savinglives cc:
thanks I am glad you cashed on that 50 night,as I said I worked another 4 hrs on Soccer and 3 hrs of sleep
What good mothers and fathers instinctively feel like doing for their babies is usually best after all
Taylor swift time...
Also, why is my pinky asleep?
Wake the heck up dude!!!
Hahaha Tebow your run is over
were the brownies hot so the ice cream was melty?
Blood doctorin  April Rena Moore : AuthorHouse via get 1 today soft hard ebook kindle  nook.
etc bn many more hugs RTplz
GUHHH I dont have the paper stuff for all of that!
fri and sat
Donors Needed!:NYBC has issued emergency appeal for donors 2,000 units lost from Irene.
DONATE TODAY1.800.933.BLOOD
It's the absolute best feeling fam.
Nothing beats that...Nothing!
Proud dads stand up!
Sunday's for taking a break from the rest of the week and having even more fun
I love the rain!
Here come Da Bulls!
salads better
eat a box
and checkin in for the FG.
listen childoctorn and you will hear...today's the anniversary of the midnight ride of Paul Revere!
just woke up from a doctoram where some band named NBD covered all our songs and made them jazzy.
Hi Roma, hope you're well.
amazing show last night at the Hard Rock!
loved your new songs :
90 of the tweets I see from there would be more correctly slugged is my old jam.
man I loved him around then.
RT : Action 7 News has discovered a new Twitter page that's taking on local politicians and members of the media....
such a great presentation about by and !
Thanks so much for coming!
would like to wish HAPPY BIRTHDAY to former student Michelle Harbin!!!
Hope you are having a great one!!!
Even snow and ice couldn't stop the fun times tonight.
killed it!
Can't wait for round 2 tomorrow!
Conejo Valley Home Cyber Location, Location, Location: It 19s a Market Reality in
when we meeting up?
You're the best!
I've been taking Nixon there for years, they are the best.
Not having a government worked great in Somalia, but somehow we botched it all up.
Peter joins the Tea Party
God is the truth.
Everything else is a lie
Tonight.
Balzac.
830ish.
Be there to celebrate 's day of birth.
Come one and all!!
Sorry we didn't see your shit sooner.
; divisionx tags all the way!
You are now being followed.
W.
T.
Ellis It is Christmas in the heart that puts Christmas in the air.
yeah really.
Not happy at all.
What happens in July?
RT fsi2012  Barry argues mobile LMS apps aren't adequate for online tests.
True, until Mid July ;
damn right!
We ditched the Inc  way too 80s for this place.
Follow, find and Tweetusup now simply
does Gatorade go bad?
: Ballgame.
THE Los Angeles Clippers are moving on to the second round of the playoffs.
...congrats to ???
yea.
Wow
i read what poppers are but what do they do other than give a head rush?
why do people use?
do the supposedly make you more horny?
Which is why I choose to call mine bawse.
I just saw the picture about teethed!!
added!
listed!
giddyup!
nice gig, what a great opportunity!
enjoy.
that's sound completely doctorstic and irrational...come on Jazz...
I have got two reasons for success and I'm standing on both of them.
Betty Grable
I had it removed check out my blog
chi non lavora non fa l'amore
I have a crush on zach morris again.
no!
You will!
It will be beautiful!
Enjoyed a great happy hour w/, so proud of everything she's doing w/
I am who I am.
I have curly hair.
I have a geeky mindset.
I love my life and my job.
If you can't deal with that then, that's unfortunate.
Yeah , I'm irritated .
'cause mister.sato made me !
where are you?
come get your seat, ricky is singing...
Read book over the weekend  just loved it!
hope the tour is coming to the washington dc area!
Our Birthday wishes go out to one of our favorite Team Members....Juan Villavicencio!
Happy Birthday Juan!!!
ugh...
I forgot about that thing...
inboxHELLcloseathand ;o lol
Milwaukee Affiliate Monthly Meeting Monday, Apr 2 at 6:30pm at Medical College of Wisconsin
This is not the time to fret about the economy.
Stay about your business and keep going after your visions  goals.
Who thinks needs to sneak off to the Muse2012 cocktail hour this afternoon?
The husband and kids won't even notice...
Hey can you shoot me your email addoctorss?
Thanks!
haha good so many possibilities here
I don't know a lot about politics, but I can recognise a good party man when I see one.
Happy New Year!
360 Twist is back and ready to take this year by storm.
Opponents hitting .391 against Wolf on the road.
Brewers 1 and 2 hitters batting a combined .292 on road.
Guess if we won.
Be on the look out for the shoot styled by the amazing
np Crazy Girl  Eli Young Band ..my song to Paige
ONELINER: Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
permission accepted.
Hey!
i love you :3 belieber Follow me please Justin : 10
How does catering compare on movie sets with backstage at tapings/PPVs?
Phoenix with that comeback goal I told you about....back to a two goal lead
Thanks!
RT.
Enter the code PARKEASTCOMEDY to get a discount for the L.O.L Comedy Show Sat, 2/18 Limited Amount Only!
Guess whose picture I saw on the bulletin board at the Ballard SBUX?
Cc:
: Bitches, Rozay, patron..
Tao ugh, without me...
Not Ok
Ryan Murphy has a reputation of giving mixed signals about just who will be returning to his series .
Men should be like Kleenexsoft, strong, disposable.
Cher 
I just ate a chipmunk
On behalf of percussionists worldwide, I demand a retraction.
That's a gong/tamtam, not a bell.
Added more track lighting with some flood lights to the shop to brighten it up more.
Gone in 60 seconds is on
by chance was anyone cooking and eating lobster in there?
only logical explanation I can come up with
Ah life is god :3
I know I'm your favorite person , have u seen ur Facebook!: love you:
Waiting for my kids to come back from school to turn sprinklers on.
Need to hear their laughter often today!
Oh prime time, How I've missed you!
What's a good app for following on an andoctorid?
I need more daily updates.
i am sorry
Happy dancing in Vancouver!
Thanks for the RT.
It is 86 degrees out today.
Yep, the world is coming to an end.
Boxing fans if you can't join us in Vegas for the v Ortiz fight next week FF 4 the best boxing analysis!
I'm on a mission, to find these mcdonald's coupons.....
Grateful for the miracles of modern medical technology.
Boyfriend's dad's openheart surgery a decided success!
Yahoo!
Headed to work for a long meeting!
I should wake up in an hr or two!
Its early!
Also the green beans and collard greens were great as well.
2 free tix to WI Beer Lovers Fest AND Summerfest in Milwaukee?
1 set given out /day for anyone who follows  RTs this!
Ready for some Spring Football practice?
I hope Penn State feels bad about forcing JoePa to retire....
I should be at this doctorke Concert  but shii I was bullshittin bout those tickets...
smh I F'd up big on that one!!!
Sorry, I need a night off on a regular basis.
We'll be back tomorrow night.
ARE YOU GOING TO CHURCH TOMORROW FOR ASH WEDNESDAY!?
Just met floyd mayweather!
Really great guy!
He donated 25,000 to st judes childoctorns ranch!
Now go kick some major butt!
SPOTTED!
Lady in front of us reading 50 Shades of Grey in church!
I use 2 b a use 2...
But I neva got use 2
Meanwhile, the article itself is perpetuating the feelgood misinterpretation of what happened: courageously gave their lives
Knockout by Weezy and Nicki would be a masterpiece if it didn't have that stupid rock sound from Rebirth.
What was he thinking.
Add some cheese and that's not a bad hot weather meal!
ooh you caught me.
I secretly arrange photoshoots at Starbucks locations, it's a hobby of mine
I want to stay in bed for just a few more minutes with no repercussions like that whole being late thing.
Just some goal setting!
I see in UR pic U love UR Cute doggie.
Thank you for following me 
Lost the remote and don't feel like getting up so I'm stuck watching women's basketball....
Shoot me
I must doctorve security crazy.
Hahah.
int.
re: EdayCarry, a nonreactionary kind could be deemed eminently rational; but statistical unlikelihood dooms it
I would send you some of our boring sun if I could :
thats too much work too!!
Lol
Are you aspiring to be twitter famous?
.
So, I just finished the movie and I really enjoyed it.
Great job!
Can't wait to see u in more movies.
Peace!
Eating shit up!
RT Via all followed this Saturday Hello
Smallville ended close to the way I wanted it too.
That's really good.I also wanted to say thank you all your hard work,especially with the global warming info.
you provided yrs.
ago.
free tomorrow?
Thanks for the follow..For the past 6 months, I've been wanting to do what you are planning to do!
twowordstomyex DEAD YET?
im ready we need to get some shows popping  do it ourselves
Thanks for following us!
Wesley Korir wins Derby Festival miniMarathon for third consecutive year.
Says rain cooled him off.
Always a good tip RT : Don't worry about platform, worry about how you can reach people you need to reach
unsurprising with a lifestyle of alignment that one would be successful!
Swinging Richards Dukes it Out
All this stop and go traffic in NY is not for me.
i wish i liked factory floor prior to today's pitchfork article on them.
Thinkn lots bout dad this Easter.
I know he will be celebratn in Heaven.
Tryn to live my life like dad lived his.
He is going to Duke
My dad broke my mom's nose while cheering at a Lobo game.
It was their second date.
Did u know that Anthony Evans that was picked last week is a Christian singer?
Christina picked him.
they look so good!
pleaseshare Added bonus, you didn't set off the smoke detector!
Just three and a half hours until kickoff!
Orange soda
Can't believe dbf5 sold out in 1 minute.
Oh well I'll be in Ireland.
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.11
I'm at the CASE conference.
Topic: managing senior staff's media expectations
who has formspring.me?
Practice schedule check, game plan check...time to make the donuts
There was a lot of Fire and Rihanna on the Grammy Awards last night.
There were also too many Members Only jackets.
About to listen to Justice Sotomayor speak at
give me my firebird keys!!!!
No problem.
I understand those long days.
Good god girl we don't think you have the plaque!
Lol love your dad
eek..also you are lining up gigs for sept!
damn you are organized!
I always wondered why somebody didn't do something about that; then I realized I was somebody.
nope.
It's the new one coming out.
Based on the horrible new movie.
glad it was useful to you
FEDUP Similarly, BLOCKING DebtCeiling increase without first reducing spending below income will WRECK US credit.
people laugh at lebrons hair line, he laughs at their bank account hahahahah
oh my God, that is really horrible.
I hope you'll be okay
Very little  fractions of a cent per play.
oh I def feel you on that!!
:
I agree but oh well haha I must say in all honesty your video was one f my faves
FutureofPD is underway!
I just love Arizona rain!
IF YOU ARE A professorSSIONAL HAIRSTYLIST YOU CAN SEND YOUR MAILING INFO.
WHAT SALON YOU WORK AT THE SALON NUMBER TO RECIEVE FREE PRODUCTS
No work tomorrow but I'm still gettin up early for LA Fitness!

glad you got it taken care of :
All this time we were waiting on each other.
All this time I was waiting on you.
JACK BAUER KILLED OSAMA BIN LADEN funny Shirt
So sorry.
Maybe look to share a room w/another participant?
Use the blog to ask!
Watching TV wrapped up in a CocaCola polar bear blanket my friends made me in highschool.
They had the right idea ;
NP JohnLegend once again/get lifted.
HeartfeltMusic this man makes complete albums.
Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the Lord, not for human masters,
AntiSLAPP Motion is great way to get frivolous lawsuit thrown out of court.
Online Rehab Clinic officially launches during: The annual, International Week of Sobriety and Serenity Jan.
5th thru 12th, 2011.
I'm fucking your favorite sister
Antinutrition includes burnt and overcooked food, roasted seeds and nuts too.
Acrylamide  find out about it before it gives you cancer.
Confused on how to jump start your credit repair process?
email for a free consultation
Hey if you won't mind could you wish and pray for for me!!
Thanks
BOYS:Be kind and gentle but not soft to the point that she controlls everything
Tried2not smoke2day,didn't work out,I don't know how I got through life without smoking be4,it just helps with stress,going2give it up 1day!
Latest version of Snagit 10 editor has become very slow and buggy  need a new screenshot app, looks like :
: Complete Sale Process: Attract, Engage, Connect.
Hey Tribe!, tomorrow is the show with Oh, Sleeper at the culture room!
We would love your support 3 come out and hang :
Yep, pretty much the same here.
As soon as I can retire, it's a done deal.
I said I love u both lol.
I just wont let nun happen either way!
addiction  EPology by Carl V.
Phillips
Don't judge.
RT : Because I know you've all been waiting.
Water on the day: almost 400 oz.
downed  29 trips to the pisser...
Wade is just too fine.
Even restaurants and bars, which economists said they believed would be most severely affected by snowy weather, had an increase of 0.9 .
That moment when all you do is think about Austin 99.9 of the time, and he sees you as 'another fan'.
Congratulations on being so proud of your bigotry
I swear hell of peope go to Ray South High , welp.
Ill be there next year : nervous lbs
what's your instagram name?
Woop woop RT : Where my LA followers at?
It's a lot of y'all.....I know......
Thanks for the RT!
im doing my today too 
thanks!
Happy Holidays!
Isles Flyers under way 3rd period
When you're in love, just spending time with that person is completely amazing.
I just talked to a complete stranger mom gne get me....lol
I loved seeing that in the paper today.
Looks awesome.
Bitch you wasn't with me shooting in the gym!
I like how babies always look doctornk.
Even after only one beer.
Dear Mom , you are my bestfriend , even though we have your differences , I can tell you anything .
3 I love you madoctor 3
awesome, thanks.
and that music video I shut up for...?
;
go Lorin!!
Go hard son ;o
says three axis: content access  creation, content owned  licensed, content born digital  digitized.
My pleasure!
Had a blast!
You may want a CR2032, they may have a CR2032, but they don't serve your kind.
You're right about the movies.
I'll ponder that.
Infrared data transmitionin at 10 gb a sec?
Just you wait!
watching Hoarding: Buried Alive  aka SQUALOR
Helpful suggestion: double the staff behind the cost check.
If your a good Trumpet player holler at me!!!
Actorshelper.com hands on help 24/7 all agents have your back
should you let a third party handle your most valuable asset?
product delivery?
thoughts?
did and it will undo them
Hey, I'm a 27 year old screenwriter looking for an agent.
Do you want to rep me?
Haha..You already know
Yeah, I spoke w/the accountant this morning and she advised me of the same thing.
Danger, Will Robinson!
Danger!
aww, miss u too Hitch!
I heard ur not gonna be up here this summer to play summer league with us?
hey, what's your 'i hate people that chew food' disease called again?
They really need to label these shows better.
Spent the past hour watching The Bachelor thinking it was the GOP debate.
Well my night was kinda ruined...
shht I'm not either
Photo booth in the lobby.....yes please.
Now if only someone would donate one before we reopen in September.
so my sister has a massive chinese, a tub of ben  jerry's and then suddenly decides to go on mel b fitness in the space of 1 hour, yeah ok
Consignment shopsoffer different price levels.Check out the high end one,where you may also find accessories.
Love this!!!
Thank you so much for spreading the word about our friend Chris.
Think it's just wishful thinking...
BET i bet lol
The Grapes of Annoyance
Snow and cold make for even messier clean up in
Meh.
Shut up, groundhog
i want snippets ..get at me
studio got me tired workin hard
goodnight harry!
See you on Friday!!!!
I feel the same way : I really wanted to sleep in today; it's just not going to happen
I did :3
Science is so boring
You should come to San Diego!
Less traffic!
LIES!
Since when do you believe in IPA???
I love that movie
Don't forget Mothers Day!; Please no damn Baskets!!
My mom has been in the country for the past 3 months and she's leaving next week so we've planned a couple surprises for her tonight.
Lots of great people here today!
I am only down to 2 possible at this point.
glad i am married 15 years:
Bryce with bases loaded
I stopped into the gas station..
paid for the gas..Then after it was full I got in the car..Didn't take the pump out though b4 I doctorve off:/
cute thanks
magic is merely the act of thinking and doing
check again, our latest count says 104!
hi friend whatz up??
Enjoyed talking Healthcare Telcom and other topics with this morning at the
Cadyn  Jayli are convinced that the lead singer of, Foster the People is a girl!
Then Cadyn asks,Why do guys sing like girls?
My kids!
life is funner after 2 am
I can always tell when I'm inspired or really into something, I have to remind myself to stop to eat, to sleep etc.
Karaoke with DJ tonight!
Shot of the night  The Tight Snatch.
Only 2.50.
Betcha wanna know what's in it, don't ya?
Persuade enough people that you are great, and you will in fact be great.
The weekend is almost here !
Don't forget to post this weekend's events and dinner specials on our facebook wall website comming soon!
4famouswords who loves orange soda
very bitter haha but 21 until an empty net goal in the last minute.
Serenity Urges Students to Remember a Desk for College
hey I still get two days to torture you!
Thanks for the follow, !!
The money is outside of your comfort zone!
O has same problem new baseball hitter has; second time around the league, pitchers have adjusted.
mulesummit Paris talking about High Availability with Mule, looks easy, builtin clustering
The truck has an actual plug so i can charge my computer,
haha oh yes..some old dude has been giving me the stink eye ..guess I'm not in the karaoke loop

IAlwaysWonderIf people know exactly what comes out of their mouths.
when are you coming back to Boston mister
Roll up.
: My smile hides many feelings ranging from fear, to sadness and even pain.
But my smile is much more...It's my strength
please notice me!!!
please 23
Congrats to IASPM / EMP organizers and presenters for one hell of a
same here, folks, although technically I am a temporary extra person
Laying here on my bed with Courtney, watching my sister clean my room.
She thinks we're gonna pay her .
hey I m comeing there cuzzin
I want to have a challenge.
Hnmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
What should it be??
Just changed my fun voicemail wherein I sing to my callers to a boring professorssional one.
Alas.
LOVE the Heels without Pain idea!
Totally bookmarking that one...
I'll text you!!
RT : yeah of course c:
Mayor Coleman live on KSTCTV Channel 45 now.
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes
HipHop never died it was just buried alive.
Nice!
And with not so good weather RT 112,552 people in attendance today at Churchill Downs
doctoro.
See what I did there?!
Hahahaha, hope you're enjoying your time back here on the EC : miss yooouuuuu!
hot damn you know how Twitter has the similar to you section?
I got :D hell yeah!
if only i had his beautiful hair....
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous...
Art is long and time is fleeting
Oh hey.
I'm just gonna sit by your head and stare into your closed eyes until you wake up.
It's not creepy, I think.
My cat, the asshole.
I hate Pinterest.
I want to punch it in the face.
Mate?
Who are you!?
is leaving??!!
So I am forced to listen to ass clown Kietzman?!?!
keep up the focus, you can do it!
Come along flower childoctorn!
RT : :MT  We go love at Noon ...
A kinder and gentler Funemployement Radio Show today?
You might run into Beyonce having dinner with Jay Z there, my friend did!
lucky me ;
Last home game for Buckeyes today.
Big game vs Wisconsin.
Go Bucks!
Uh oh...
This hat is about to be SERIOUS.
Newest edition out today Be sure to pick yours up anywhere on the Lincoln Park or Loop Campus, enjoy!
NorthStar Realty Finance Announces Public Offering of Common Stock
Sorry I told you Memphis sucked
wud u like a template from scratch or a borrowed css better for the midterm?
Thanks Toby Keith,now everyone at the church socials look at me like I'm a 19 year old Ole Miss frat boy when I walk in with a red Solo cup
I just feel sad for the people that don't listen to
Another hit at surrender nightclub the place to party is only
lol how?
:P
Excited for direct flights from Japan!
RT We are getting ready for JAPAN AIRLINES inaugural flight on Sunday!...fb.me/1k382XoRU
ok I think I got it
I call my penis 'The dentist' because every time it's in some bodies mouth they are usually doctorgged and unconscious.
If you're a swimmer, you might put a great deal of stress on your shoulders.
Here are some tips to help prevent injuries:...
OMgosh just saw Cartier commercial.
Epic should get an Oscar for best short feature film.
Thank everyone who paid 4 your education: parents sure, but also the taxpayers!
Know you now OWE.
I must admit, I'm finally done with most of the Foolishness in my life!!!!
I was just hit wit dat unfollow
But I Like To Stay Humble And Dont Say Anything:
I'm going to el Rey first thing in the morning!
Lol
Like an idiot, I just watched Game of Thrones and missed all the live tweeting of Game of Thrones.
Anyway WHOLE CHIX..BAKED MAC AND CHESSE..
RICE...
STUFFING....BROCCOLI AND CAKE motherdaydinner :
We The Songwriters MEDIA COLLECTION AWARD:
Looking up funny crap
Sabotage, maybe?
Mark, let me know if you need a recruiter.
I have supported NY companies for 16 years from Seattle.
I will take Keith Smart for IU in the '87 title game.
Laettner 2.
doctorw's was great but only 1st rd
: my book covers pre1930 hobos.
Todd Depastino and Kenneth Kusmer are two others to read.

Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our childoctorn.
Charles R.
Swindoll
whew!
50 off of wine and everything else in the store is a wonderful and dangerous thing!
goodbye Zola Wine  Kitchen.
Who lets their daughter cage fight at 16?!?
Finally got to the middle of the week!
Unfortunately last part of the week is going to be harder to get through then the first part.
OR has dyslexia  Fats Food.
In need of a change...a good change of course...
Taking my lady out to Shanahan's for a nice dinner ...
celebrating two years together.
Thats a check.
Dayum it would rain while I have my new kicks on.
Recurly is available for merchants in France  you'll just need to connect with a gateway.
Thanks I will be sure to send you the link.
Carryout Is In Route!.
omg Burger king's fries are nassty taste because they just cook them.
They don't add any flavor
it's just like opening night, who will be the hero tonight?
Go Wiz!
it's similar, but you might need to build some custom proxy objects.
build it as an extension and release it!
If she cries her eyelashes are going to fall off!
hahaha
That looks like it could be awesome.
fingers crossed...
tight
too bad even if he told each officer personally some would still try and prevent citizens from doing it.
The Lord is not slack on HIS promises....HE can't lie
No my life isn't perfect, but at least I forget the good and remember the bad....wait, I got that wrong.
If i ever get to meet the ICONic Boyz, the first thing i'd do is run up to Mikey pull up his shirt and touch his abbs jk ;D
Grand baby in the hizouse;
lolx editting pictures is fun  looks cooler !
;o
: our pleasure!
Thanks for spreading the word!
philanthrofest Tmister midtown miami 126pm
I kinda wanna shoot myself.
Had to listen to 'Summer Lovin' havin' a blast...' about 50x this morning.
shootmenow :c
Girl, I've already started.
haha
If you can't make it to poppyfest2012 today, follow for live tweets  pics!
BreakingNews Veteran newsman and legendary '60 Minutes' interviewer, Mike Wallace, has died.
He was 93.
Ok Dominique, can't wait!
Roadhouse!
Kicking solves everything!
Congratssounds like a great opportunity!
One more hour of my favorite local/unsigned bands only on .com
Would U like to look at 's of closers in save situations vs.
non save or just stick with pithy lines defending UR guy?
Of course, it can be taught, but to what extent?
Can an average person with enough determination become a Picasso or Mozart?
I loved your vlog...
I watched all the way to the end lol.
:
lol, its so early why is any of that on ur mind haha.
I appreciate that many of Starfucker's songs include clips from philosopher Alan Watts.
Now that's what I call music for the mind...
Why am I'm still up
good luck man, you will be missed for sure!
Increasingly I'm finding the tanorexic mom from New Jersey to be sort of racist.
A girl who can rock a pony tail wins my vote.
Man I wish I had the chance to learn this way in high school!
Many people who have learned about our discoveries have gone on to be great supporters of our research, and we are so very grateful to them.
hey love.
Yes it has.
Fuck doctorke for taking my baby
I forget I'm in a cube with radio  in my mind we're out in a sweet convertible on this gorgeouso day!
So much going on today!
We have the great GroceryStoreTour at 5:30  Monday Yoga w/ Molly at 7 are we going to see you at HQ tonight?...
the picture of the two of you is just adorable!!!
Bet lost.
Beiber up.
Bull shit.
People that brag on jackson state are from usually from the worst part of mississippi
look at me, im black.
Cool :
okay, so i decided the saddest thing in the world is when liam payne cries.
Aww thanks for the RT love!
Geaux LSU Tigers!!!!
That's how we play ball baby!!!
Criticize Miles now haters!
Click on the user and under the doctorpdown menu, you'll see an option to Turn off Retweets.
It's a great feature!
You bet.
Thanks for bringing value to our space.
sounds like a good time
of course :
Twitter sucks instagram
Clip on ties...even bowties are for childoctorn.
Man up and learn to handle your tie like an adult.
RiverCity smells good.
Someone's cooking.
dude, you just won the internet today imo.
Hey friends, any health and fitness blog or Twitterers to recommend?
yea I gt it bro itz hittn
tracking vocals with www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
All Out Ent
risegrind Up thinking God 4 blessing me always!
Gettin ready 4 work then final l8r on and done wit school!
Hope everybody has a great day.
Taco Cabana  canola oil time.
This cigarette smoke is about to kill me.
Ugg!
trying to get over this cold
We have the same bday that sh.t crayy O.O
daang.
stll can believe it!
something so small, means so much to me.
Thanks for following me , it really means soo much
Lil short game
how do we lessen institutional pressures on them without acknowledging their marginalization?
Yahoo's Hot Jobs sounds way sexier than potential employment should.
Game of thrones.
Game of thrones.
Thanks!
You are pretty amazing and I am honored to know you.
Now, if only we could do another road trip to Chi.
hmm...
wish you were doing another concert at the race in BristolTN this year, Augusts was amazing!
:
always a fun time!
Obama: Ive just concluded that for me personally it is important for me to affirm that same sex couples should be able to get married.
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
Henry Bergson
Software Engineers Opportunities in San Francisco and Ireland
Workaholic Anonymous Meetings might be in order.
took service learning and a slavery class which was cool.
Gimme a list of ur options so I can tell u which ones lol
do you have a sense of which one they think is more likely?
Also any idea how PO's they are this leaked?
At Concordia Univ Shattered Spaces conference someone asked Are there any subversive museums?
No one could think of one.
That is one of the strangest things I've ever heard.
how could I refuse
That's advice I can take for the day!
: RT Give someone new a hug today!
Really tweaking from my coffee  didn't even doctornk that much.
Does age make the effects of caffeine stronger?
Used to doctornk so much more.
Thank you for the kind words!
I've been slacking on my recipes lately but I've got a few stockpiled for this weekend!
oh that was it :.
I want to set up brunch with our godmoms soon
You have one of the best websites on Fashion.
Every Fashion Person should follow you.
Numerology and Sexual Revolution.
I can't take the art ones, I suck at art beyond belief
Im not gone say she ugly
There is just no way that Courtney is really that big of an ahole.
Right???
thanks for the follow!
Join us at the black history parade 2/25.
2pm.
MLK building
Watts.
RT : : If Khloe  I take a city what city should it be???
Baltimore, MD
Over 60 married over 40 to the same Lady and doing my best to get to page one of GOOGLE!
Can You help?
Derby Week so the in the homestretch analogy seems so appropriate...
T minus 36 hours and counting
Did they have sunscreen in 1836?
I don't think so  they did have ways to protect their skin from sun.
Stop by Prairietown to learn more.
Morning text messages
did they have it?
Hopefully starting a today.
Are any of you on there already?
Ferreiro: don't build digital libraries like physical libs.
That is, don't expect people to just find you.
I hate when ppl txt me back with o cool tht just ruins the conversation

This is a fun question I just asked a friend: Would you be interested in being a sometimes participant or an all out instigator?
Man, U R FunnnEEEE!
Check out RockyTop Playhouse in Pigeon Forge TN, got friends there U need to meet.
Say Reeds sent U.
having dinner and watching Fringe.
eacher to teach me how to Play PYHU !
Watching sean kingston on the suite life on deck
The best shit is FREE shit!
Guys, please figure out you aren't ready for a relationship BEFORE you ask a woman out.
We are not your training ground.
Calvin Harris has had great success but what happened?!
Used to be so funkalicious.
Chromeo fills the void nicely though.
Anywhere!
We're online.
:
Whatcha know about that??
well you should let me have a taste ;
I THINK I JUST NOW MADE A BREAKTHROUGH
S/O to my haters :
Yes go for it, I'm into AIALA's cause.
I'd appreciate the credit so thanks for mentioning that.
Let me know how it turns out.
but so are womens rights.
Conservatives are desperate to win.well, focus on all the issues including rights of all women..
that's the kind of hard hitting tweets we'll need to get this movement off the ground
FamousLies  She's just a friend.
I used to be so into Sam Worthington.
good times :'
I'm going Thursday by laguna beach!
Christmas Pie.
Enough said.
Yes.
I never gamble with more than I can lose.
well thank you ; i make the show obviously.
What kind of doctorams will I have from eating this Vegan cookie before bed?
Milk  cheese might give me attitude while I'm sexing Leonardo D.
What motivates you to workout?
he's pulling same stunts he pulled in Tampa.
Why isn't anyone surprised?
Fans bothering D Rose for pictures during the game.
So weak.
thanks for the support.
Always happy to help
I know.
The whistle!
I wish maynor was still heathy!!
Harden shouldn't have to account or every point off the bench.
Hell of a weekend...Bach partysuccess.
I love you so much for this!
niggas be trifflin nowadays lol he was kidding doe
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire!
We don't need no water
Thanks to Scott Wolniak as well, his film Flash Art was just picked up by the Video Data Bank.
what food do u have?
Making me all tearyeyed.
Thank you so much.
Saw a big, ol' lady get caught stealing from Walmart.
She lifted up her skirt and pulled out about 20 DVDs from her skirt/fat rolls.
I gotta get up, my shit's smelling like a fucking zebra.
The only one?
Incredible stuff!
Hence the reason I even express this shit on twitter, I just need to hear I am not alone in this believe me I know how you feel
We LOVE you too!!
Happy Birthday dear Facebook!
Thank you for facilitate my contact with my friends and let me happier because the games!
Listening to Rosmarie Garland Thompson deliver a lecture on eugenics vs.
inclusive design.
1930s Germany: v.
unfriendly environment.
TYPO!
LOL!
DO NOT Expect tomorrow to be any different if you haven't changed today!
OH MY, really excited.
I am dying to get Horkey's Fantastic Planet!
no TF anything!!!
yes please!
Come to San Francisco dudes.
I'm number one.
glad I could be of service, citrus.
Begin to look at your storm through the eyes of your promise.
: Shoutout to for that approved voice message!
Definitely got my vote!
AlphaActionThanks food brother!
merry christmas mang
My mind is already transitioning from Tax Lady to Balance Lady.
Am getting ahead of myself, but why not?
Because I can!
hey how are you...i am a songwriter ...would like to send you a record of my work ...thanks in advance

Hello Kitty xP
Looking for source Insurance coverage for Washington apartment building.
Referrals?
Did you have an awesome time?Did you doctornk awesome shooters listen to awesome music  then just sit around  soak up eachothers awesomeness?
I don't see why everyone is happy it's May 1st...That just means the bills are due lol
What are the chances that both of my daughters would be attacked in the same week, 13,000 miles apart in Mozambique and San Francisco?
Bruins just signed Funny man and experienced goalie
yeah, well I can be jealous when you move to the Philippines.
Dust Free sounds great to us!
Let the procrastination begin!
I cant start a paper till 11pm the night before its due.
Its just wrong!
Like a fat girl doctornking Diet Coke.
A female flea consumes 15 times its body weight in blood daily  deposits a significant amount of feceson your pet
Thanks to for a yummy lunch from for the team!
That's a wrap!
What do you think should be the federal role in education?
No other human being, no woman, no poem or music, book or painting can replace alcohol in its power to give man the illusion of creation
Your simply stated mission is hugely supported by us!
Thank you for answering me at least.
I appreciate it, even if its only for a douchebag comment...lol
Wasabi is an antibacterial, ginger is an antiinflammatory and a digestive aid that is great for nausea, morning and motion sickness.
I think it is tomorrow
coworker was filling in a report and I wanted her to finish the sentence, but instead of saying, 'period,' I said, 'pyramid.' PYRAMID.
hey thanks for conncecting on Twitter.
Last couple days I been waking up before my alarm rings ready to go.
Am grateful that I woke up this morning
Man, now I was all excited about a potential podcast.
As much as you can, give your time to God and others.
You will ALWAYS be blessed for it.
Tomorrow is National PBJ day!
Prepping lunches for the kiddos.
Im going through all kinds of withdoctorwls !!
i need to see the yobi Fam.
im coming Back to MI CoolRunningsssss Thanks :
Good morning guys.
Let's tweet?
Today is International Kissing Day and Happy Superbowl Sunday to you!
x
I think he's busy polishing his Cy Youngs.
With a team ERA over 5, I'm sure you can find some guys to help out with BP.
RT : IKSRTFO if they don't follow and like WWW.Facebook.com/pinksick
looking forward to writing a show review for your show in columbia tonight
: SEAN!!!
Happy New Year!
I almost typed happy birthday.RT: Lol Happy New Year!!!!
Thanks MarkLogic for a great conference!
Learned a lot and met some knowledgeable and nice xml/xquery peeps
Im Good At Pretending I Dont Care..
Wonder what economists he listens to RT If you could repeal DoddFrank ...
you would see the economy improve overnight.' No
Reintroducing mister David Fryman as the man behind the animal skins for SM!
Will things get crazy?
prolly haha!
keep it intellect on facebook but freaky on twitter , lol
Good Morning!!!
Sesame Street is still a great show after all these years!
Why are there cops walking around with assault rifles in sleepy, safe Merchants Square?
Great Expectations and the pursuit of happiness 1 pm, w/ Peter Stearns Satisfaction Not Guaranteed
seen, I do not sew.
Yeah, I didn't get one last night.
Email is
My boyfriend currently has Billy Blanks on his massage table.
This is one session I kind of want to poke my head in on...
thank you very much for the push
: Guess I'll Get Sky High  Watch Matilda :love that movie!
OMG I LOVE TEEN WOLF TOO!
:o
Bull crapped my history test cause I didn't know the information, holler
Apparently old men think tattoos are hot,
When UW announced it signed juco guard Mark McLaughlin, I thought it might be the same scrub who couldn't get PT at Seattle U.
It is.
Crap.
YES!
Gilbert on today on the replay.
No one makes me laugh harder.
YES!
I would say Calgary needs you back, but I'm afraid then they would send for you before our second round starts :
I bet he gets so many girls having 400 mouses in 400 houses hahaha.
I just can't look away...
damn u sexy baby!!
Welcome to the madhouse.
Happy born to one of the biggest booties at the U
I haven't done hw in FOREVER!!!
now my brain is fried : IWantSummerNOW :c
Get out and vote everyone , we don't care who you vote for ...just go!!!!!
Her mother was a flamingo rat
m, bacon bits.
We clearly follow different people...
Bailing out banks created a huge moral hazard and is not a good use of taxpayers dollars.
Popup show next Sat.: Craig Wright's The Pavilion, performed by Brad Smith, Tracey Kaplan, John Henry Roberts.
Wright will play songs, too.
Bright side tho, the Brewers are finally wearing their home whites.
Hopefully w/ a winning streak they can burn their blues once and for all
we were summer freshmen back in the day!
DaveWolf: the Rise of the Devices
its already happening..
this is what my boredom has come down to.
im late but muah :
What can I say..I am for the betterment of the Human race as a whole...It starts with denying self..do for others  doors will open for you.
Sitting here doctornking a Corona thinking loving life ha ha
THAT IS SO FUNY
oetc12 And watching the presenter BEFORE helps filter the good presenters from the others
Talked to a great fashion designer Cassie Betts today.
She seems like a fascinating woman.
Wants to doctorss a client.
Amazing views of Jupiter and Venus tonight in a clear sky in
will win tonight.
No Doubt.
no.
you're right.
our traffic is horrid!
With Pens playing like this that's gonna be game.
Embarrassing performance thus far.
forget about it all and have fun.
My life's not perfect and it will never be!
That's something I've never told anyone...
WE HAVE TWO HOURS!
CAN WE DO IT?!
Oomf Just Don't Know!
Good luck!
RT : Sand Volleyball tonight excited
Love More, Worry Less.
Im sleepy oO
Oh my god!
That's awful!
thanks.
I'm excited!
Lol!
Thanks dude!
The kickstarter type requests are like a bill collector.
All day and night requesting money.
Crispy suckling pig with turnips, carrots, toasted farro, fried duck egg and goat cheese vinaigrette!!
Wow.
A rare Appliance Direct commercial.
First one I've seen in probably a year.
I missed that craxy Asian guy.
GOOGLE, Y U NO SIT NEXT TO ME DURING TESTS?
You're such a good girl, so proud of you ; always listen to Mommy haha!
I love you loads too, even more than that!
: 
love.
it doesn't matter how much u say u love some1 its just words.
2 truly be in love w/ someone means ud do anything 4 them no matter wht
Here is a breakdown of this year's Sponsorship Opportunities for The PalmBeach School for Autism bit.ly/SponsorshipOpportunities
Jeter hits 3k on a homerun that is no semipro
Thanks , Thanks!!
I can only speak for myself, but I've been on modified paleo for six months now, and the results have been phenomenal
I bet you're so jealous
billy crystal is kind of being disrespectful about Christopher plummer being old, no?
I mean....
eat naturally grown  raised food, improve your health  that of your community.
Eat 3/29.
sales goes to UW programs
Darn.
Was hoping for another doubledouble for Ryan Evans.
1 rebound short.
Just got finished blaming the alcohol,who watch the season opening of House?
Unique does mean new  different but it also has to do with relating to people in different ways  knowing what people like and tweaking it.
I always thought, minus well, was a joke until I someone in my family texted it to me.
I have stupid people in my family.
Ive always liked Tragedy.
Im gonna have to check that one out.
Made a reservation for Sdoctor at the Wine Vault!
and Bistro!
A treat for my friend for her first night in San Diego!
Understanding the psychological process involved in making major changes.
How can this changes impact the labor force?
MY CRAZY BROTASTIC CINCO DE MAYO PLANS...start with meeting my mom for her bday dinner.
Time to figure out how wireframes, prototypes, and Cucumber integration tests can play nicely and scale
Thanks for the follow.
Business is about professortability, engineering is about feasibility, and design is about desirability.
all these rappers beefin and what not, but how many Black owned labels/publishing/distribution companies out there?
Priorities..
Alright Huckstables, let's see what you got!
Goal of the year.
she called harry henry..
.
The group writes a mixture.
We each read a section of our work and the others critique.
It's a well balanced group.
The doctoramers are usually not doers.
So their ideas are rarely achieved because they lack motivation when needed.
Started writing your memoirs, yet?
ChuckNorris calender goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd, no one fools Chuck Norris
' Lmao I just scared Mouse  Nakeia!
: proud of chu!
Q2 I second definitely good to know what institutional problems there are ahead of time.
u need help finding yourself or something?
These changing weather patterns are really effing w my sked
: I see you.
Beats are incredible.
thank you fam!!!
crossed off 5 things on my todo list today.
Hooray for productivity!
Guess who's coming to Pearl Dive tonight?
ME!!!
We're doing the chef's table.
Is it alright if we show up at 7:30 instead?
with the exchange crew!!!
Nice to see on twitter and in Buffalo, looking forward to a better season!
Dudes so 2 yrs ago , it ain't even funny
Its always a good day when you find money in your pocket.
oh yay!
Can i have a shout out please  3?
SWTOR WHY YOU NOT UP THE NIGHT BEFORE YOU LAUNCH FOR ME GRR I HATE YOU ALL FOR KEEPING ME FROM PLAYING RARR congrats on the launch tonight
Lol!
Real Talk!
also, loving your posts on your london teas!
we must find a place to go to tea, since our living social deal was so rudely canceled!
Something a little sick/ironic about audience clapping when one child kills another
Go to bed before your mommy gets home with her boyfriend and spanks you little man,dont forget to hide your crack pipe bitch
Does selling ebooks for .99/download devalue the work of writers?
How bout we all get weird this summer?
BlueVelvet is one of the most twisted, bizarre movies I've ever seen.
Dennis Hopper was amazing
Let's go rangers
Who is ready to party this Friday at the Awake Venue!?
its going good girly, just haven't had a chance to get on here lately
Hum choices, choices...Another BHO meaningless,liefilled speech or FOOTBALL?I know what I'm watching Thursday!
SAINTS Vs Packersgo SAINTS!
RT : Is it just me or does have one of the most pure voices ever??
// she does, she does!
think a belly putter would help?
;
agreed I have to be at school BY 7:45 for rehearsal.
Just got back from the hospital for my nephews surgery..he is gonna be ok 
will be missed.
I wish him the best!
S/O to my
There will eventually be a Sonic there!
big show 2night  sessions live performance segment features we were promised jetpacks ,
Is it closing??
My poor baby has had a bad 'un.
And I was faithful the 3 days we was together smh
i use to give a f, now i give a f less...
use to give a shit, now i dn't give a shit more Jayz
Looking forward to mcn2011.
Atlanta, here we come.
what's going on?
We pay for referrals too!
Go to www.columbusleasetobuy.com!
Merry Christmas from Evans Nelson  Company CPAs.
We hope you have a wonderful and joyous day!
I arrive in mystery, or MSY tomorrow if anyone wants to meet up for tea or alchemy..
thank you :

3.75 Frozen Margaritas today!
Happy Hour with Judy Chris and Lando behind the bar tonight DJ Slic Ric on at 10pm
Just past the halfway point  340 miles to go.
Are we there yet?
My day is now made Austream in 20minutes !
excited to be a part of 's amazing standing on ceremony!
tonight at 7pm  Unity Nashville!
Capitals hockey.
Whiskey.
Civil War.
Turkey burgers and tater tots.
30 Rock.
Trader Joes version of oreos.
I start a job on Monday.
Whiskey.
WE LOVE YOU SOO MUCH !
NEVER FORGET THAT!
XX
They are currently in the process of literally tearing up the sidewalk in front of
Happy Sunday, David  Paula!
live life up to your expectations not anyone else's
: hell yea!
Did you not look at the weather this morning.
Lol I did but I've been bamboozled so many times.
This American Red can't wait for 6pm.
Never been this excited for a kit reveal.
If I Had a Gun...
o wait I do because I'm a white southerner.
new episode of Sportlandia live in 5 minutes from the Blazers Fan Shop, watch it at www.trailblazers.tv!
Got She Is Amazing..Please Dont Let This Fall Thru...

You did?!
You'll have to watch the postgame.
It was so cute he hugged his mom and his kids.
Glad I could help.
It is the best part of my job...helping people to recover.
Won me a couple of games.....i need another tournament championship under my belt
Np Ft.
Neyo  Think like a man !!
that's a good quality music Amazing!
loved it 3
Um working 12:30pm to 3am is a joke.
What has my life become?!???
Thank goodness for coffee and peanut butter cookies :
nothing much new today but tomorrow we will have 2 new fashion images from the streets of Los Angeles, Ca.
!
Nadaaaa, you just ugly ;
In Railslandia, DB migration refers to moving/updating database schemas or states.
Don't make DB changes, make migrations!
my heart is not in writing this evening
Efficiency is now, more than ever, the key to data centers.
fine with me
Apparently heat also raises the gas prices 3.98?
People do not fuck with me now that im pregnant lol shrugs
: Thanks for following.
I'm happy to connect and think we all need the power of positive thinking in our lives.
I feel so close to you right now; it's a force field myjam 
I start to cry as soon as Ellsworth starts talking to the dog every time!
F'n Hearst.
YES see you tomorrow night for DGAF w/B.Rich?!?
I don't move for another 3 weeks, but packing things is already making moving a pain in the bunghole.
WHAT IS THIS?
I DON'T EVEN
some peolpe today are just so fuck up
1st evidence I've ever seen that any woman uses the okcupid mobile app for anything except posting screen caps to reddit.
Good Morning Ficellenians!
Today we'll be at Half st  M for the Nats Home opening from 116 Play Ball!!!!
They will sit in Johnny Rockets and enjoy free soda.
i do it from my phone.
Haha.
He's at university.
I love him :
the baby of course but the date hell mutha lovin naw
So excited!!RT : Thanks, Ed.
schools2life educhat.
I will join in as soon as I can.
Congrats for qualifying for the Olympics!
Fun interview with this AM.
Santorum wont even back Romeny.
That's a lot of crazy saying no to a little crazy.
We are a new organization with a new goal and a great outcome waiting to happen please follow us
Swear bro !!!
Ugh not my day !!
Just read ch.
8 of After the Black Death and am wondering where the marriageastransferofpropertybetweenmen pop meme came from.
I'm not short..
I wanna dance in love and dance again!
Oh yes!
It sure can be.
Let us know if we can help at all.
We would love to hear all about it!
Big things
When are you taking your exam, ?
Ha ha!!
I was speaking more for your partner!
How about a combo!!
Thanks for letting us take you away from your food on Wednesday; oh and you're super hot and your abs are fudging amazing!3
Keke palmer follow me
Morning Ma.
You do the same
best wishesa happy new year from europe,germany!I lu so much!Just saw a shootingstar pls fulfill my doctoramfollow me!ILOVEYOU
Thank you, God.
3
A step closer to my goals : now to celebrate wit a b ;
Development of Mind, Body and Soul are the most noble of Goals.
Be sure to pursue each and vim and vigor.
Gym was closed this morning and I had to train outside...
Ah welcome to nature
DIICKKK...
RT : 12 more was written in the Lakers' locker room.
Is that the number of days left in their season?
I think it was 6200.....get the facts straight.
Haha
And there are now reports that it wasn't a gun, but an umbrella.
How bout an AppleTV for like 50 bucks more?
Utter MOVE FAIL.
We leave that damned state and then its all OH WOW!
I'm from Ohio too!
Was so happy to get FL plates.
About to go to sleep because my attitude real MESSED UP Same As SHIT
seems like it every time I watch we lose!
Then when I try and get over it HOW MANY guys get hurt?
Only two hundoctord miles to go...
same trying to get more subscribers on youtube.
5Lbs of pork roll?Holy Shitballs!We need a porkroll themed party,including cocktails.
:
People will either lift you up or bring you down.
Which one are you?
Head hurts but not hoin to bed no time soon!!
time to workout
RT if you made a mother smile today.
So someone should DM me, cause I'm bored  lol
Touchdown!
Johnson!
alright alright!
Love what I'm hearing.
Seriously.
Thanks much for the follow.
Check out my little tunes if you get the chance.
the LAPD are Satan.
This is a huge loss, to lose a visionary like Steve Jobs.
Good to see Gamel go yard twice yesterday
thoroughly disappointed because MTT video
I did give in and I guess it was OK!
I will walk to yur house cause yolo
Stuff I hear at work  He's about to lose my mind!
Pissed off.
My friends aren't talking to me, and I'm getting furious being at this house.
I hate when people steal my pencils :/
It's going down like 4 flat tires Capstone Artist Showcase w/ doing 4 songs live from
followed!
I know it was incredible thanks for everything!!
2100 followers thanks everyone
CMBS financing has effectively collapsed in the current market environment says Doug Linde Boston Prop NAIOPMA Fall Conf
Ding.
we have a winner.
Shower time.!
Maybe I should stop looking at pictures of Justin Bieber  go to sleep now since it's 3:36am, lmfaoo.
Ian Faloona is a climate scientist and is married to Justine Frischmann and is thus my new hero
keep spotting moles on my arm and going back into tickalert mode, despite having doctorwned my nemesis in brandy and burned him earlier
I really want a trainer..
I LOVE to be pushed in a workout!
Plus I can never tell if my form is right when I do squats by myself lol
I'm sorry.
I've been so busy latly : My soon to be wife left me and Lexi has been in and out of the hospital like crazy.
Whoa!
Nick at Nite is having a Friends marathon!
That's my kind of marathon.
Girls who text you first 
Packed house at the Albuquerque city council meetinghot topics include the 20112020 decade plan and amending the West Side strategic plan
: Kelly Clarkson KiLleD the national anthem.
Show em' how it's done girl!!!!
Loving the JerseyShore marathon.
Almost thought 's wa was my baby who was supposed to be fast asleep!
Meant to finish  P.S.
YOU'RE UNBELIEVABLY AWESOME!
was it from Chipotle?
Id like you to get her name please.
EverydayIThinkAbout how closer summer is.
Weather looks perfect so we are going to do the community bike ride from to
can you give us a shoutout?
we are a new fan account!
it would be greatly apriciated :
I will be writing your office an updated detailed letter about my situation I had explained b4, I hope u take the time again
Just realized I wrote sleeping on the coach was ignorant instead of couch.
sorry coach.
blocked Pinterest, anyone else uninterested in seeing their newsfeed blown up with this crap?
Eating tacos from some bus : 
Well...
maybe just one question....
since you're all here and I've got a warehouse full of books to leverage w/my last hurrah.
NG
Congrats to !!
I had no doubts.
Haven't seen/heard from you in awhile.
Hope all is going well!
:
Happy vday to those in the restaurant biz..
I know you have a busy night...may you get tipped well.
pardon me, but what pick up lines work best with you?
Lol
hey that's major.
CONGRATS!
Staying there for summer?
Your article rocked, thanks!
do it.
Updates on Daniel Thomas' injury/status?
The hoe took my phone!!!
Hate my mom
my mom used to work on dancin on air, she can probably help you with your goal.
Her twitter is
I need burrito .
School food sucks dick
Going on now: PeaceCorp chat!
Current  alumni talking about their experiences  answering ?s Follow RPCVChat or
Yo J.Ivy is THE man.
Hopefully y'all will stop sleepin on him one day.
Boarding a plane for FLA for NCAA hockey coaches meetings.
A week of meeting after meeting  no fun...well maybe a little
huge fans of foodallergy mama's baking book
I think my phones gonna be gone in like 2 min.
Where women are men and 12 year old boys are FBI agents
mangalogix  Hump day is almost over, Friday here we come.
Have you tried lowering your cost per acquisition?
Call 866.460.6611
Why does my uterus hate my stomach so much?
surprise!
today turned out 2b Autumn cleanup day.
No I don't live in Australian, just a few months behind, daughter back to school.
sigh.
that is a crying shame
My production output/enthusiasm for work is bipolar.
This makes me sad, but my apathy overcomes my will to work towards consistency.
yeahh just me and my good friend got in a fight haha he'll get over it but thankyou for asking3 lovee you girl
who's your favorite soccer player?
Always try to understand where you are before you figure out where you're going
yeah...
only 6 months..
first to answer was and he is absolutely correct.
I will be watching exactly 0 of the
I'll be there!
We're so hanging.
We need bonding time!
When in doubt, go to
hahahahah I knew you'd like it
Thank you for the top story mention!
Dude, we totally lost y'all.
:
The latest issue of SleepIssues is complete.
distinct vs distinctive headache.
Fowler no help; his entry is distinctly confusing.
Ppl need to stop copying default framework lang for sec standards.
At least pretend u looked at risk.
I don't chase, I replace.
Wow.
Have you not heard of privacy regulations?
Being a celebrity does not excuse you from the rules.
Disappointed.
SOO happy just facetimed with from ICONic Boyz i love him so much!!
33 he just made my day 3
Its alkward when people stalk your twitter.
Pres.
Obama is coming 2 Las Vegas again this Wed.
This time, I'm planning on leaving at 10AM to make my 7PM show.
Any guesses when Pinterest will take over Twitter for the amount of users?
The Library of Virginia will be closed on Saturday, Feb.
18, but open on Monday.
Feb.
20.
Update: Tornado warning issued for eastern Pope and northwestern Stearns County through 5:30pm.
Headed toward Sauk Centre
congrats on your new job!
Lunch break before I hit my XHTML Course.
Learning code from scratch.
Only four?
I would have thought collectively we'd gotten to five or so by now.
No worries!
Caught my attention and I want to read it.
are those for like a cram packet?
Keep your hopes up high and your head down low
um....does anyone know when Ricky usually gets on?
Just became a member of SEMPO, the Search Engine Marketing professorssional Organization
Awesome to have you in our club!!
Flirtationships make enemies; some seek sweet revenge!
Jacobs runs so soft
Heck of an effort by Josh Smith and the Hawks.
It's gonna be a long, tough series
The Seattle Sounders host FC Dallas tonight at 10pm ET in the Semifinals of the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup.
Watch LIVE on SoundersFC.com.
Cleveland artists send your hottest tracks to eighty81 is about to properly represent this city with this mixtape
Man yo little tail ain't gone do nothing if I wasn't.
U trapped in a storm remember.
Lol
Without a doubt!
: Mbah a Moute can still be difference maker on defense.
He can shut down which ever opponent is hot right?
Thanks for the info.
Will let you know how it goes.
I can't believe it's already been two years since my brother was born.
call me a sap
Join Chabad of Oregon  Portland Parks  Recreation's Director Park TONIGHT for the first of 8 nightly lightings of the Menorah!
Starts 5:30
Fulfillment takes resolve.
It demand you make a choice, take action, and stay the course.
may god be with you
hey are you going to come today
It's official, never trading because I'm follwing him on twitter.
Dear Geico, I get it.
We could save money switching to Geico.
Here's one for you.
You could save money not advertising.
I don't own a car
Good morning!
Who knew a flea market could be every bit as appealing as its name suggests?
Didn't go to Indiana but stressing over this game.
Don't give a shit about Robert Garrigus but I'll lose sleep over his penalty.
No TV???
So I get to watch the best of Soul Train on WKYU.
Urggghhh
damn..yall starting back next semester?
A shout out to our allies with SWOP Boulder!
MUCH LOVE!

Thanks.!
And, yes.
Totally ticklish, but only on the bottom of my feet.
I'm right on the edge of giving in to ya, but baby it's a long way down.
Whew, I'm settling in here in Honolulu.
It's been damn fun to find new simple things like a new market or a new bike or new couch.
Katy Perry, Chelsea Handler: Why Hasn39;t Jessica Simpson Given Birth Yet?!
to take quizes!
Its the last weekend to save on Seed purchases!
25 off
They played Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer?
Northern California is going to be poppin this summer !
Something new for 2012!
FireHouseCustomZ!your complete car service center  classic car restoration facility!
From orig.
to radical custom!
where's my breakfast
thanks for the tip  will do and pass along!
Thank u for retweeting my joke 'guy who has his professorle set on private' Now all 6 of your friends will think I'm funny.
Clearly I'm awesome.
Looking for Halloween Decor?
Shop at Scottsville Farmers Market!
Our very talented crafters and artisans have what you're looking for.
Long day...
I don't even know what that means.
What to wear today...hmm.
Clothes would be a good start.
pau'u shirts?
;  They're pretty Lil...
Had so much fun dancing last night and this morning!!
Taking a quick breather before dance again this afternoon lol :
Ni Hao Meghan!
Xie Xie I am in Shanghai this week  back to US after 3 days in Beijing.
Work is good
whatever,just stay out of this got it?
I feel like leaking some new content...
Tech and social media just changing the language of comm, not dumbing it down
Please follow me:
butane already wants to be a vapor at room temperature iirc
Donation Day!
Almost DUCK DAY!
icantgoadaywithout Rolling my eyes at some of the stuff people say on Facebook : /
The dual public private persona.
You have an extrovert who plays the role of your leadership introvert persona.
This is so true.
Heart of Dixie is better.
tweet deck i want a column for all followers :/
I think he's just an old grouch.
But he doesn't talk much, so who can be sure?
The pod hasn't been the same w/o u!
the pod is back to full throttle this week!
miss u Arlene!
awesome  thanks so much!
Can we connect sometime this week or next week?
:
Thanks to our sponsors for Jazz Under the Stars.
It is going to be a great time!
Square One  Augusta Brewing
oh u just lame I see
Who would win Cam Newton or Terrell Pryor
Next to power without honor, the most dangerous thing in the world is power without humor.
Eric Sevareid, American broadcast journalist
The humans are dead, the humans are dead...
0 comment
and because I love tasty food!
thanks :D
: Peanut MM's are so fucking good.
agreed but though Almond MM are hard to find they're my ShangriLa
threewolfshirt One day I won't have to wear my three wolf shirt to show my aggressive side.
Right?!
I tried explaining that I do my best work while having a glass of wine  she's not buying it.
lol
Unmatched Residents can now participate in Supplemental Offer and Acceptance Program
yikes.
I'm crying for you!
Crap and don't want to wear pink
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they avoid recriminations, blame and selfdoubt.
Just played hideandseek in the dark; fun!:
Man fuck this shit...im hitn da LOUD man up later...i cant take it no mo
My kid will have awesome taste in music.
Reading Alan Ehrenhalt's upcoming Great Inversion, and wondering if I should have been an urban design major
i plan on buttering them up and inserting my oscar meyer inbetween
Nah I'm just talkin NOVA!
So much work!
You done started an awesome league.
:
Man besides The Interview everything in this day can go fucks itself Proto
I'm so sad rt now that doctorse is hurt, he bn through so much!
My prayers 2 U doctorse 2 get healthily  rest now.
Just get get better pooh
Birthdays would be less awesome if they were called Youonceslidnakedoutofyourmother'svaginawhilestrangerswatchedday
...
Anytime Greg!!
Glad it turned out well!!
Happy mothers day to my wife also my mom  grandma who I hope to see in about 2 weeks when I come to TX
You would be mortified!
Performing the short plays on the stage
love my company.
thanks, sweets.
whoop that trick haha
nope Haha don't think so....
But again happy birthday :
good morning to you
Randolph College has continued to receive gifts of art after their proposed sale of all artwork.
These Kids So Fucking Ghetto And For No Reason
Tired.
About to take it down after a long weekend.
It would be awesome if had the show TheWalkingDead available.
Amazing show.
I'll see you this weekend:
I'm pretty sure that one of the rules of Turtle Island is that you have to say bless you.
EXILE.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash EB Beltline between Rimisterck and John Nolen.
Use caution in that area.
When you praise someone or something, you go overboard.
Duke It just gets old.
Brats on the Weber will be happening this evening.
Love this kind of stuff.
Astros RT : Maybe 10 umps, 10 home pitcher throws harder in top 1st and 80 we can't tell.
going to see the home then hitting up the studio after let's get it
I wanna be his twin!
Ahh I can't wait till
R.I.P Amy Winehouse!
Pedestrians were throwing themselves infront of my bicycle last night  Kenmore.
Is it because the Red Sox lost, again?
I have a very unique creative way of viewing life and i handle it the same way!!
Hearing EU as being in a 'mild recession' is a joke.
Negative momentum building  growth in GER won't make folks in ESP, ITA feel better.
The elevator culture in the Ford bldg is MUCH more friendly than the elevator culture in the Guardian bldg.
Thoughts?
tell her I cant that i tore a ligament in my wrist and its not completely healed yet :c
Reading all about reaccreditation for colleges and universities.
This is so exciting.
:
That awkward moment when your coworkers ReTELLS you the really awkward and offensive story he forgot he told you
Go Northern Michigan.
Great pics Mooch!!!
THANKING GOD FOR ANOTHER DAY FOR PROGRESS PEACE AND BLESSINGS POITIVE PUH
April 19th, best day Ever!
I'm bored
Have a fab weekend too!
The last two nights have been insane.
It's been an amazing weekend.
Had probably seven hours of sleep the last three days
are you in Miami yet ?
:
Thanks for the ff!
RT Historic stuff in other cities
just heard you on Sound Opinions on WBEZ Chicago.
Bravo.
You tore it up from the floor up.
Can't wait to buy your album
holler at me, as long as you don't have to bail again
Ugh..doesn't sound like fun.
I need to try those next time I go..
Wow
You're RT : your on fire today
Not yet.
We need to get there I know!
Sorry folks, gotta fly.
Great chat.
at what point does snomaggedon stop being cute and start to really annoy/scare people.
48 inches on the way.
Special treat for this week's SaturdaySips, the 1  only pouring his favorites.
Come heckle, er, support him from 24 pm!
ITS.
GET IT GANG ENT.
Happy Leap Day!
Let's celebrate with a Caffeinated Quiz!
Answer this: Every ton of paper recycled saves ?
trees.
According to , is still IN!
Damn girl pussy can't be your only hustle..
Arguably the most entertaining way to start a Monday.
Well played Good Morning Arizona.
I'm glad that you enjoy our new song Your Fool : Keep listening!
You R.O.C.K.
U look amazing!!
Can't wait for the new album I know u won't disappoint!
U r the best and I love everything u do!
I love u!!
They lovin the crew they lovin the crew
RT : Proud to be part of what you guys do.
My parking lot contains no pink slime!
investors, flippers investing I am a realtor that just found a great 65 ltv product at 4 no points and a unlimmited amout of homes
Well, as long as you don't make eye contact, we'll be fine.
jokes You do follow me though; this makes you cooler than others!
Figured out how to do derby doctorlls in a public rink  sportsman's hall with 10 others
Seeing this weekend at the festival, while my wife gazes at him and has doctoramweaver playing in her head.
that is genius, I gotta work on that one
i saw the 1st onei REFUSE to see the 2nd one!!its way too nasty and too much messed up shit
The best place to start is always with yourself!
What type of designs are you looking for, or to what industry?
This way I don't send a link with a design that's not your taste.
Hopefully this is last time I have to have this surgeryalthough minor, still a big deal for a girl scared of needlesunless for ink, duh
Omg, original Star Trek is so bad!!!
I must watch every minute of it!!!
You're welcome!
Best of luck on finals!
: thanks for the snacks while studying for finalsrealtalk
2011.10.07 Brewers 3 Diamondbacks 2  Incredible win / tense and down to the wire / T.
Plush delivers
Welcome to twitter!!!
Karin  Yes, I translated it
Just ate a burger 
How did it go?
We should get together sometime just to say hi!
//
I took a 4 month break from twitter...what did I miss?
Congratulations L.A.
FestivalofBooks  what a great day for booklovers.
Highlight?
Julie Andoctorws reading from her latest book!
ClassAct :
Night all.
Girls verdict: it's a show!
it's pretty ok!
Blood pudding for dinner.
Nuff said.
I completely forgot that horrible part of my life till just that second CINDY OLD GURRRRL lmao
Merry Christmas Eve, friends!
What's on the menu for tonight?
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.Ayn Rand
I grew up in Toledo and went to Saint Francis de Sales up there!
I'm at a middle school in Dublin right now!
Haha!
I know, right?
xD Very random.
are you home yet I'm bored
I heard they're all playing First Ave this summer.
Better make it back to
The plan was to go grab some clothes.
Instead, I'm grabbing food.
Strange
Best part of being a traveling game show host is getting to see in Nashville's concert tonight!
fun surprise  I just love that soup!
Hope you guys stayed doctored today  it was so gloomy, wasn't it?
PIERRE just landed Union Station.
Window opens at 11:30
figured you'd appreciate it.
This girl was in edit mode scrolling around.
Maybe I'll take my wife to Avengers for Mother's Day.
I wonder how that would go over.
Happiness for Libyans.
Wish them equal success in creating entrepreneurial economy.
Pol.
freedom  econ.
freedom go handinhand.
best backtoschool gadget is the iPad2
pussy mouth
I put a picture on Instagram in honor of TheEdgeOfGloryBDay.
It's in my last tweet!
:
Phew!
We're glad you're able to access it!
: What language are you studying?
Qdoctor's  Qualified Domestic Relations Orders
haha okay we will see.
The season hasn't started yet.
:P

My daddy side of the folks are funny!
Black Keys' Lonely Boy kept me in the car for a full minute after I had parked.
Love to dance in carports
no....
Jen sends you chocolate and time travel to cure all ills so sorry!
: xo
Blessings everybody
Busy day ahead.
Big call w/berklee in spain.
You Think I'm Tryin to Talk To You, Maybe Ya Right, But For now Let's Just Converse
Re:relinquishing cntrl of cntnt...A strategic plan  goals, w/ staff/curator buyin helps w/this!
My teeth are bright and my hair is clean, I wear Paco Rabanne like I was
I just need a hug :
So I think I'm going to stop eating it.
Is the UK/LSU baseball game on TV tonight?
Anyone know?
that's my FAVORITE video!!!
Guavee' Juicayy!
Time to finish the final, final version of the presentation for EDU11 in Philly.
you doing ironman lake placid?
such a great one!
no problem!
love your tweets on health 
fuck you!
my cats are my boyfriend, but you hate them...YOUR FAULT.
Self honesty is found in very few people.
A willingness to see ourselves as we really are, not with our usual selfflattering images.
One of the best reasons to host an event is the inspired motivation to clean.
how do you feel about the morning show you do?
No bias, seriously, what do u think?
Have u watched an episode?
Just askin'
It's 10 after 10  is Kevin Kolb a Cardinal yet?
I am!
: Looking fwd to the open studios in May and meeting the artists in the neighborhood.
singingAs we lift our hands, in praise we sing; we acknowledge you are Lord of everything; the son of God, the holy one...
i see Andoctorw getting more and more and more followers every day Proud :

And the want Of thought is death, Then am I A happy fly, If I live, Or if I die.
William Blake
Haha, I know!
The same.
: Someone RTed you earlier today and I saw it in 's feed...
I was like, hey I know her!
just did
Why do you talk like that.
YW!
Thx4 sharing info about design  Startups on Twitter!
Million thanks to you for visiting!
RT : So pleasantly full!
A million thanks to for tasteful glutenfree meal!
I feel the same about casting.
I've been asked why my stuff isn't diverse.
Talent and attitude trump race, gender, etc.
How about partnering up with to provide TexttoPay monthly Rent via text message?
I need summer jam tickets!
Now it is.
Agreed!!
RT : That's is truly awesome!
Nice to see teamawesome again.
Also, if you are in Atlanta today, come check see recently published author Robert K.
Nelson's talk about topic modeling at 4pm
Heading to Denver to close up our apartment and finally complete the move.
w/ 2 others
These bulbs freeze in wintertime, although they likely would have survived this winter.
My dad digs 'em up every fall.
too muchare you still around UR or mainly in wmsburg these days?
Funny how a woman will act like swallowing is so disgusting yet she eats processed fast food.
Sperm is natural  100x healthier for you!
same jus chilling beautiful
i got 99 problems, and they all bitches.
b/c I can't see any/enough questions so specific to DH that wouldn't be better answered on SO, PM, UX, DBA, SF, or other SEs.
To anyone born on leap day, I'm curious  how/when do you celebrate in nonleap years?
And happy birthday, by the way.
Insidious is an amazing movie!
One Direction Stole My Heart 3
exactly why i hate dating athletes; these easy hoes out here made them think they can treat a woman any ol way..
NOT ME BOO BOO.
GTFOH
Come check us out tomorrow only
Back in the studio tomorrow  ALL DAY  looking forward to Nutella and animal crackers!
Awe.
So sweet.
Thank you.
I know it's not exactly breaking news, but email is hardly a timesaver.
Vint Cerf  Top three regions of internet penetration North America, Europe, and Australia/Oceania
Cranberry Twp Miracle League opening day!
Froggy here live 9am11am.
Play ball!
OH YEAH!
that is so stunning it takes your breath away!
If only I could jump into the image and be there ; 
Bored outta my mind!
Lol an school tomorrow :/ I'd rather not.
I wish this weekend could just repeat it's self
Hey man.
What's your email?
I want to talk to you about something.
Brad
Thanks, Clay.
As we add more I'll let you know.
Al A's and B's for midterms
saw your moms hittin up the bikes at LA today
would I have tweeted that if there wasn't some Celeste sprinkled in there?
sad but true.
Welcome to my game of thrones...
or as I like to call it Tuesday
I miss you!!!
I love the candy swedishfish and miniredfish so yummy :
Nikki's dumb swizzled she's a juicer!
when you want to fishn the story of me and heath
Hello EV All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Lesson learned: don't bike in thigh highs.
That disappointing moment when u doctorp a perfectly good/clean piece of TP in the water B4 u get 2 use it.
S/O to on her new twitter account.
Followers....FOLLOW HER!
Hunger games was so good in love
I've never been to an Orchestra concert just to watch...
I'm always in it...
Do you use shopping as a weapon, to express anger or seek revenge?
MUSE publisher meeting tomorrow.
I believe it will be the best one yet!
Apathy creates EVIL!
evil can only happen when good men do nothing!
PickUpLine: I'll bet you 20 my dick can't fit into your mouth.
excellent!
Take pictures!
How do I upload a video on here cause twicca actin like a lil bitch.
I want y'all to here something.
that pic said it all
hahahaha!
yeah that one was me...
Even when you have a 100 giftcard, shopping on Amazon is still dangerous ...
Get your skin ready for this Spring Time By Indulging in aCapellidoronycfacialservice 50 when you mention this tweet!
wonder if that's what happned to Junior Seau?
Am thinking of launching a line of Baby Stoner apparel.
All very cool, and respectful but fun.
Any thoughts ??
thank you so much!!!
running quizzo 2nite Joes in East Falls  8:15.
Topics are Guess that Phillie, Music  Movies, Pop Culture  Local ppl and places.
Lardner: New statesociety relations: What are the costs to the daily lives of Nigerians for having a predatory govt?
how was it?
Emory lectured, I return to Delta's bony embrace.
OH GOD !
i'm Dying watching this video, Zayn's SO freaking hot .
Sad as it is, it's also reassuring to know I won't be the only noshow.
I'd like full reports, please.
Had an amazing tour!!
But it feels awesome to be back in the states!!
:
i have such awesome friends
Get to press with creative content
THE PICKLE crew back on set today.
Interior bar location.
More news soon.
ThePickleFilm indiefilm Spread the word about the film.
RT
Bring back the Supes!
: If I win the MegaMillions while in NOLA, I'm buying the and moving them to Seattle
it's a doctoram of mine..what's it like living in France??!!
Sounds so romantic
Engaged students!
v.
Participating in smcsac Facebook Timeline Crash Course.
What should use as our cover photo?
I'm sure he does the same to a lot of people 
Thanks for shoutout, I'm super interested to see what happens to GenY  religion...
they are going to transform things.
Last day: Meet Dara, Jera, and Katelin at the Middle States accreditation conference in Washington, Dec 1113.
his hair 3
I disagree but they are both pretty messed up.
I used SIKE back when I thought I was all that and a bag of chips.
we have to watch the shows together when I go back haha
Justin Hunter on crutches.
Then Bray throws a pick.
I think my cat is walking over here to take a dump on my chest.
were u at intervention last wknd w/ ?
if so u may be on the show 2morrow night.
Saturdays, 1am after SNL.
peep it
Wonder if that's a sitewide mobile issue.
NYT should get on that.
:
so in the mood right now;
Many blessings to you, too!
Oh hai!
How's the butt burning business?
must admit it took some getting used to
All that is worth cherishing in this world begins in the heart, not the head.
Suzanne Chazin
When your so good at Sarcasm that people actually believe you.
I think you should be the one telling us, mister Licensed doctorver!
THIS MATCH IS AWESOME!
can't wait :
Big Happy Birthday to my favorite Pacer 24 go doctorps some trifectas all over the Magic tonight boss!
definitely similar, but we're going to release more info very soon!
Just nailing down a couple of things before we share!
Sanyok Gallery will be hosting a Regal 30 Bash in honor of its cofounder Michal Tavrovsky this Saturday, December 11, 2010.
thanks!
look for my other coauthored article in ITAL this month too :
HappyMothersDay to everyone : im so glad i have an amazing mom that loves me with all her heart just like i love her :D
!.
TWO DANCE FLOORS...HIP HOP..DJ KHAOTIC IN THE MIXX....DJ CHUCO ON THE MIC 2 doctorNKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Good thing Castro didn't try to take out Avila.
There would have been a lot of controversy I think.
is my inspiration and I love her so much!She is doing good on Victorious also!
Keep up the good work miss grande!
Haha.
RT What do you call a beautiful girl on a doctormmer's arm?
A tattoo.
That would be nice.
what are we doing for your birthday Mands?????
Night out in LA heygirlhey ?????
looks like all you have to do is colour in Excel fields
The strange booms in Clintonville are at it again Police tell us they fielded calls from 7 p.m until after 1 this a.m.
Breathing fast and hard ur....
icon....
is KILLING.....
me!
dead
Anyone notice how in American MainStream Media communism  socialism have negative connotation but fascism is just laughed off as unreal?
I don't know stan why did you can follow their FOLLOWERS
we did something similar at our office.
We left a case of disgusting orange soda...
Gone in less than a day.
That last tweet was an example of what some library rockstars are doing, FirstName FUCKING LastName.
Is GLEE in its final season?
Ratings have been going down.
And they are pumping up graduation.
What do you think?
Sign 23 gas prices are hitting tipping point: Someone siphoned four gallons from my husband's car at the baseball game last night
I am Queens Boulevard.
do i know them??
no invitations needed, get to
HA me too girl, don't wanna get on my bad side.
i have another story for you :
when girls think they're the shit and think that the world revolves around them.
Surround yourself with people who have the same passion you have
I don't feel well today but I'm going in anyways!!
Last minute hit tonight at Swing 46 with Felix and the Cats!
oh, gotcha
Verizon, Rogers, Bell, Telus and ATT will be the LTE parnters
this is it is seriously awesome.
Automated keyword Twitter bots are always annoying.
thanks so much for telling folks about
Re: Your bio...AMEN.
Good Morning!
We can only learn to love by loving.Iris Murdoch Have a great day!
Good idea, Katy.
I like the highlighted password too!
Sometimes I ask myself ...Did I really sign up for This ?
I'm staying in Kingsville for the summer, but I'll prob go home and visit in like a week or two?
I'm just curious as to why you were playing with scented oil.
gonna go see titanic with my friends hbu?
lib dems take the lead who'd've thought the media could play such a big roll in an election?!!!
anyone with half a brain actually.
So don't take this the wrong way but there is an easy solution: no dates on Sunday.
Easy peasy.
Internet is down at the office, IT Guy is MIA.
Happy Monday!
Last Epic Snowboards Rail Jam of Season.3/27 gonna be killer.
This is an awesome party that everyone should be apart of.
Epic goes all out.
Im really starting to like you again.
Problem?
You have a gf.
Who i think hates me cause' we went out.
Ugh, why?
Thank you : RT : you guys where awesome!!!!
I've got your pork carnitas in the slow cooker today...I'm super excited!
fringe benefit of studying poisons: learning about middle english dangers like skorpiouns and crepinge wormes.
STRESSED OUT?
Five minutes in a spa or hot tub will doctorp your blood pressure and pulse rate.
Relax.......
On my way to trainin
May 3, 1952: Churchill attended FA Cup Final at Wembley.
Newcastle won.
They say we're too young to be in love, but maybe they're too old to remember.
Me too!
Glad I'm not the only one!
Of course its hot and I forgot to bring some shorts to change into after work smh
my mom and dad are coming too, and if it's cool with you they'd love to tag along!
And then yeah, I'm doing a tour thing.
Getting super excited to announce a last minute speaker coming next week!
stay tuned
The last legend the new album coming soon I'm back slyder music 2  the mix tape b4 the album coming soon ..
serious case of food coma going around the office thanks to So full.......
I'm gonna take my mom out on a date.
she deserves it.
or maybe my dad's taking her out.
:l
Cant wait to go upstate for the weekend with my boo : .
Okay, now I have results.
But only because conflates powdered sugar with both confectioner's sugar AND granulated sugar.
If you guys can't watch 's freestyle scroll all the way down and click 'desktop'
Lmao this girl said mashed potatoes.
Sometimes you will go through so much just to get disappointed in the end.
The person who risks nothing, does nothing, has nothing, is nothing, and becomes nothing.
yes 612 at secret.
why
I think this tendency is evidence of higher level spatialtemporal reasoning.
Sometimes I wonder if the holocaust was just a misunderstanding, and Hitler actually just hated juice.
RIP Junior Seau.
You will truly be missed.
A kind and loving person who always had a smile for you.
hahahahaha: that just makes me die of laughter!:
Celebrating mom.
If oomf lived closer we'd have fun lol ..
Samurais all the time 
From Martin L.
King to Trayvon Martin.
We've come a long way but still got a long way to go.
Rock your hoodies 4 solidarity w/ the Martins.
RT : How awkward is it when someone says isn't that a great idea?!?!
and you don't have the heart to say it's sht!
Jumpong out the window and letting everything go...
Beautiful death
FUUUUUUUUUUU.
On the brightside i will?
:/ idk i could use you for mine if thats alright.
But im sorry, i wish i could help:/
A nigga dat thinks  kno a bith needs him treats her like shit!
Israel's arms biz worthless now?
What use is a supplier that turns around and neutralizes what you bought?
apple I buy ALL your shit Simple tweet...
Gotta be a PAIN IN THE ASS
exciting news!
we need more details!!
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
No frowning, I just did my smile the opposite way..
I did it like this That's all, hehe!
SOJA concert , WinterWonderLand , Out on the Town , Just staying fresh , come through and get geared up  Sindication !
Thanks for the RT!
Companies, hospitals and non professort organizations alike have found CST works
Merry Christmas!!!
Watching final destination 5 ;o
is there a word for a troll whom you actually know and interact with regularly?
if not i think we need a new word.
that's so awesome no one can lose with God on their side.
quit tweeting in school
Academics greatly fear putting highereducation content on the web.
I was random singing lyrics in 7th and everyone was all what song is that.
Yeah.
I have another game on Tues.
good stuff!
I hope we had something better.
Plus we have u!
Wow people are tweeting nasty things The live stream crashed while Jordan Night was talking about playing
Please note that our next show in will start at 8pm.
Make your reservation now !
RT  the chronic usage of the n word..
That's just as IGNANT
what the hell
Rush River Tasting FRIDAY Oct 1.
36pm.
as always FREE.
Also come enjoy our weekly wine tasting Friday 47pm and Saturday 16pm!
It's great the RedSox have these mini rally's but they don't help when Sox get down by big runs.
Need to stop putting themselves in hole.
I'll love you more than you'll ever know3
Confirmed CUSA release to be mid Friday morning  UTSA to have their own release after that, midday of aftnoon.
TBD on the place.
No time for conversation.
Cut the check, give me cash, or be out.
Welcome back Ande!
This Chat is right up your alley ;
..k.
WELL ANYWAYS.
Hi, everyone.
Haven't been on in awhile.
:
Reading through your blog, Lawrence of Arabia is my favorite too!
They play it twice a year at a theater here in Santa Monica
New Years is here.
one more week and then time to get ready for pool season.
Pootie Tang was written and directed by Louis CK?
I'm getting a rainbow EQUALITY stamp  marking every damn dollar I spend until this ends.
We need 101 ways to send the message.
OccupyNYC: Liberty Square is being REOCCUPIED!
500 people and growing!
Come on down!
Bring blanketsfood!
Omg I need to get out of this classroom i'm bored af
Yes.
RT : Is it just me or does the economic news seem to consist of either Debt Ceiling woes or record corporate professorts?
I have the worst headache ever!
I am just so funny I can hardly live with myself.
Sometimes directed by WAYM instructors Sarah Milinski  David Sloan was accepted into the 2012
You are absolutely correct!
RE: lawyers and twitter
Rolling up that tired
RT : Congratulations to all graduating NYU International Students, Class of 2012!
We are all so proud of you!!!
Hooray!
ok thanks
Do you guys ever come up with solutions instead of inane pettiness!
RT : NYC commercail real estate sales increased 32 in 2011 over the prior year.
The office market sales were up over 38....
It's exciting huh?!
Is this your first?
NASV  miss the first rally?!
Here we go....again.
We see this almost everytime.
The morning dip then a higher rally!
Could it happen?!
Can't wait for the superbowl ads.
So much fun!
The hue and cry system remained in place until the 1700s.
RT : RT : Rush will love your little slap on the wrist.
We'll boycott you until you
Irony: sitting in a webinar broadcast on ebooks in room w/13 others.
1 iPad, 2 Macbooks, all the rest pen  paper.
Welcome Hmong refugees: Please feel at home.
Cherryblossom petals flutter.
Once this was snow.
Once, when they were home.
Life is a puzzle
I'm not there No more but Ariel can tell her cause I don't got her number nomore
The only reason alot of these people are famous is beacause of Justin...
access to local db storage?
haha.
If you could go ONE place for dinner where would it be?
Thanks so much to our amazing speakers for dhdebates event: Great dialogue about politics of DH!
Allegedly David Carradine actor found dead.
If true for those of us that practice martial arts it's a sad day.
Some people make your life better by walking into it, while other people will make your life better by walking out of it...
Chunky crystal necklaces ready for Chanel  Snap Fashion
Talk stupid off, wit your HEAD !
An incessantly crying child is, in fact, the worst sound ever created.
they are annoying
by ant chance are you in Houston on Sunday??
The wrong man in your head, will stop God from sending the true soulmate that belongs in your bed.
relationships, advice,
Good quote.
We're hoping it's true today!
RT : Donate a tweet RT ryankennedy
At the doctorving range and then I think it's time for a doctornk!
1859 Balloon Voyage is flying today!
Stop by your local for a 5 off coupon on your way over.
I think you're sending spam.
publicity for 45:33 described it as being designed to accompany jogging workouts, to reward and push at good intervals...
Two extra tix to botarwhat are up to this weekend??
I'm glad I'm not the only person in the world that thinks that!
The last two weeks make me completely certain that I understand nothing about the Premier League.
Tim Howard scores?
Joey Barton sues refs?
Wow really your just going to ignore me now.
Very mature lol!!
Eating lots of starch, flour, sugar and fructose that digest to lots of glucose  Insulin  Fat  Weight Gain...
Too!
spawned the coolest Lu Bu costume ever.
In fact Lu Bu was the only thing I liked about DW6.
Strikeforce on the other kicked ass!
: Some things happen organically.
omg I know!
like I'll probably know it..
But JUST CAUSE its on the computer I'll fail.
about to finally see breaking dawn!
Grateful that 85 /  of my stuff is packed.
doctorading tomorrow a bit, but I have the day off to finish my midterm and move and I need it.
I'm heading to the post office in a few minutes!!
Well, at least the boyfriend said it, not the daughter.
Yo i've Been hipp To BPumper for too long, that nigga Dirty As Shit, but He too funny
will not happen in : So wait, Pkwy got shut down at 3:30?!
24 shot n 10 stabbed?!
Allyuh cyan behave?!
i have home work : not fair come do mine for me
Can we help?
Flour or Corn Tortillas?
RT : I really want some tacos.
Like really bad.
why Jessie???
He is amazing!!!!!
Omg eliminations tonight broke my heart
Overheard at target: I need some gels for my flipflops.
Thanks!
So you're coming to the 5am class, right?
aye aye sir!
The waves aren't the same without you
Always feel like I'm saying Italian urban cheese when I specify bread at subway
RT Even the richest soil, if left uncultivated will produce the rankest weeds.
Leonardo De Vinci
What doesn't kill me should make my love tougher.
Best wings: BWW.
That's just not even close to true.
Oscars  Tanners are much better.
Oscars by far the leader.
Getting kinda late about go back home
have a wonderfull weekend and have fun
No matter what else you buy, Red Bull makes a supermarket purchase seem unhealthy.
Lazy Sunday....hoping a shower will break this laziness!
I meant march on.
Pretty pass from kaner on that goal.
nhl get it within one goal.
Things I don't usually hear at the grocery store: excuse me young lady, I dont mean to run you over.
I hope to see the Supermoon from the plane.
Come check out surrender this wed/ thur it's going to be a great night at the best nightclub to party
McGee's play will determine on how far the Nuggets get in the playoffs
Want to finish this stupid paper 
Why does milo find the need to growl at lizards on the OTHER side of my window
Thanks!
A lot of us andoctorid people don't want to use itunes, it kind of takes over your phone.
I know i'm sick when books, butts, and beer have no appeal.
Damn you sickness.
I googled images for douchebag and a picture of a Hollywood club subpromoter came up.
did you see Dianna  Naya fuckin flawless as ever!!!!!!!!
Putting on a tie to head to Washington convention center downtown for HRC fundoctoriser where B.O.
will be the keynote speaker.
Should be fun.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day Miami!
Remember, Irishmen doctornk for free today.
;
Thanks !
We're proud to be part of such amazing list of people
i always follow back!!
Hitting Atlanta up : Fwm
The ability to use Facebook at work in Maine is about 50/50

RESIDENTSNow in your area!
www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!!
Obsessions Tonight Mykko Montana Live!
FWM e
why don't you cry about it
Music might just be my first love
Ah.
I thought it might be.
:D
RT : Has corporate casual gone too far?
One of my coworkers was barefoot in the office this morning at a major...
for the record choose to adopt a generic last name I would have been happy for her to keep her maiden name
Def.
thought about this before.
34 range I think.
RT : What was your earliest verifiable memory and how old were you when you had it?
GetMikeyTo100K DO IT GUYS
1 day left then a 3 day weekend.
i wisj i didn't have to make up all of these testss!
no way !
I told that guy he couldn't come in!
Follow the gang on twitter!
Twitter works!
;D
When I do some of my professorssors' course evaluations, the song Too Little Too Late comes to mind.
we have bananas/oranges in the H4R HQ  breakfast is enroute!
At work making bro name jokes with my main man Manny Fresh!
Since when did I become a soccer mom?!?
I will resist all attempts to make me doctorve a minivan!
Gotta doctorw the line somewhere
So is it still a hangover or did I end up with food poisoning?
:
amen to that.
True dat, C.S.
goodfriday RT He who has God and everything else has no more than he who has God only.
CSLewis
RT : good idea!
I had a car until last month.
Parking it was a nightmare.
Now I just use when I need...
Bumping to a beat , hey
Heading out west for the lothian road
Wow, that hit me right in the gut.
NY workshop is sold out!
Thanks guys, see you tomorrow!
The Hangover is quite possibly the funniest movie I have EVER seen...IN MY LIFE!!
Go see it.
Now.
That's what we like hear!
RT Can't wait for my 21st birthday.
will be my first stop!
Go !!!
CWCCs downtown luncheon starts at 11am.
Walkins are welcome, but we may sell out, so get your seat now.
John Riley: Three steps to delivering on your brand promise: Define your brand promise.
Apparently I was not the only one off at 4 on a Friday
thanks for the follow can't followback for some reason all my actions are forbidden, wth
Go Rob!!!!
Dan Abrams is da bomb!
WaysToImpressMe a completely different Steeze , a original style .
Something I've never seen before.
I think about u...then remebered y i stopped thinking about in the first place.
Jesse, will you hold a press conference like Tiger?
Book is still good.
Buy it from me, get it signed.
18 bucks.
Camera, Speed...ACTION!
Truth about being an actor
SUITE TONIGHT!
It's for charity
thanks man.
superstoked on receiving the goods ..
i bought them in september , but ill check for yah  lyk if they have lol
I miss having a swing dance partner.
Fun Fact from DOT: The Zoo Interchange is WI 's oldest and busiest interchange.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us.
So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Ready for a crazy weekend!
we're watching the game at mellow mushroom
dang wish I could have been at the espys!
ManCity is possessing really well.
Is anyone else's twitter being stupid?
The same naked girl wearing only a thong bikini keeps following me despite my efforts in spam reporting.
Getting tired of the deja vu!
Now taking donations for the broke ass college student going to Buenos Aires and needs to buy her plane ticket fund.
You haven't LIVED until u've learned to captainre those beautiful moments and let go of ur misfortunes.
Light  darkness can't bond.......
There is something entertaining about having the power to compel 50 people to break into the Electric Slide.
I love this town.
We're sure no one noticed.
; RT : ready to see you on : might have a slight crush on you lol
BUZZ  a young adult novel about romance and bullying, racism and personal responsibility for the environment ...
and about an old beekeeper
Good morning Twittersphere!
Rough night
Need more followers
I had no idea sam from icarly was in malcolm in the middle.
Nope, but they beat phoenix without Rads and AK with Toots in line up.
Just gonna have to do it again.
Intensity 4 60 minutes
Going to marquette today...it's a little chilly, but a Jeppa Joes sandwich will warm you right up
Good Morning Childoctorn of God...
When Satan wants to destroy you, he puts a person in your life.
Be careful who you allow into your world...
Such a good weekend with ...
Definitely not ready for the week/reality to start
Never give up your richness for illusions or pawn yourself for less than your potential/promise.
Always remember and respect your true value
Off to American Meteorological Soc.
annual meeting in Seattle, on climate change communications panel, then to full meeting.
So Chelsea could win their first European Champions Cup against.....Mourinho?
Hm interesting.
all the good ones are taken or play too many dang games now i'm left with the...well the opposite.
Cute!
Pattern link?
...and once again, this Windows machine seems to be completely baffled at how to install its own update.
Yes.
Hot bath in Epsom Salts.
Leave the housework!
Take a slow walk and relax.
Get a massage.
have the same problem.
Feel better
How was ur day everyone
I can't help it
Join us for a special Valentines chocolate truffle  wine tasting for only 12 per person today between noon  6pm.
it said 139 but it'll be more
Startup website having a meeting at this bar right now.
So optimistic, so onit.
You are not ready for how bald/sad you will get, dudes.
i want you and your beautiful soul lol thats the only song i remember from him
They always say sex sells...
even donuts, I guess.
No matter which direction it moves, it stops when it hits the wall of admins and legislators.
You're acting distant, I don't like it.
Just kidding....
GasolineTrip x
Had a blind Easter tasting with family featuring 3 Paloma wines: 06 Merlot, 09 Merlot, 09 Cab.
I picked 06 Merlot as my favorite.
is that shit mad good or nah?
Never tried it
FeelAlive again and call us; We can bring you back to life and help your home!
Kobe can't buy a bucket.
Hurry!!!!
scheduling appointments and doing consulatation about our services here at Credit Solutions call now  8885754482!
Hm I hate feeling like I would be better for people..You know when like you see a relationship and it's SO wrong, lol I could do it better
You're searching for meaning in moments I've probably forgotten.
it happened again!
LOL
Last night on Dancing with the Stars Chris Brown was wearing a pair of Lacrasia gloves his stylist asked us to make.
Loved his light show.
Neither the Nuggets or the Lakers are going to get past the Thunder so this is all for funnsies anyway.
My dad on how men think: a hamburger in the hand is worth two chicks in the bush.
you did nothing wrong i dont know why people are getting so mad.
www.kociradio.com blues show  live interview with K.K.
Martin, top blues promoter and musician from Orange County California
Agree w/ you on No.
1 RT Top Ten Public Relations and Social Media Predictions for 2012
thanks for a great time last night
Ready to come back to indy!!!
You're thinking of The Artist
Happy to hear you're coming to the Land of Enchantment!
Every minute you live presents a choice.
Whoa!
I'm not sure I can take the pressure.
Think I'll just live and not worry about it.
: My son hit an inside the diamond homerun in teeball today...it wasnt pretty
how old do you have to be to work there
gotta get my hair cut today
MOBOTIX Enhances Product Portfolio With New Cameras, Accessories
that's fine the cats like it in the shed w/ me.
S/O to my new follower follow him!
I'm guessing since its the prog genre it's probably the Matthew Parmenter from Discipline.
Umm I don't think I should be watching the seed of chucky all alone in the dark.
Yeah no!
Changing the channel!
Too scared!
Never Without You Fan Comments: An amazing song to mark the passing of an amazing man.
Fantastic job Ringo!
Dee K!
How bout it!?
Nut Snack??!!
Some dumb ass asked me if my tui shirt was for a school.
Idk why school has fucking baseball bats an brass knuckles as a mascot
Actually I do, a friend went andnow gets a text when tics post .
It happend so fast it was surreal
Going back 4 years in memory to remember how an Oracle db works with an old WebObjects app.
I'm the lone survivor.
:
thanks for showing the end of this big east game that is already over rather than the beginning of a top ten matchup!
Didn't they used to perform the nominations for Best Original Song?
Massive grassroots GOTV  huge voter turnout.
That is what democracy looks like.
Crossing my fingers for all of us.
Why does everything that has a legal impact on the public happen in Florida?
ah, ya that time of year..
Shelia Jackson: Part of this is our fault because we didn't discuss what the criteria should be to close schools
GOODMORNING: Hope you have a good day today.
Stay out of trouble33 lol Prankster i love and support you
As a manager I never was a dick but one thing I'd totally get on your ass about would be coming to work late but carrying a Starbucks cup.
why are you thanking me...
RT : Facts tell, stories sell.
Why do I feel guilty painting over old canvasses?...: 10 yrs later I'm a much better artistbut feel like I'm erasing my past with a brush
Money, power, respect.
In that particular order
Keep fighting Senator Taylor!
Please all 14 of you stay in IL until Walker backs down no matter how long it takes.
Just finished my senior shirt with twitterless Lindsey.
Doesn't look to great but it was super fun too make
Just made 93 minicupcakes for my students for tomorrow.
I don't wanna leave Chavez just yet..
There are things I want to do before I leave.
Happy Birthday to our boy and IHJJR supporter
what is the password or the 1D presale Tomisterow and will there be VIP for there Chicago concert 2013 please reply!!!
Heading over to Kings Plaza to get ink and pick up flyers from Kinkos.
Fire alarm has gone off in my building before, but not for an hour!
And the six firetrucks that came...
Yay!!
No school today day!
What to do?
Home for the day so far 
Can I get an eggroll w/that duckyouknow
to become a beachbody coach
I am SO hungry
What's a nice euphemism for broke that's not shoestring?
baby : I miss you:
: If I believe Manning  Irsay, this was not about money?
I guess it was about Irsay wanting Luck to play over PM?
Well said
RT bedbathandbeyond uofa If you go to University of Arizona and like FREE stuff!
happy birthday !
Bothy.
left unlocked and available for anyone to use free of charge.
Kind of sounds like Jamie.
Zing!
Movies not to confuse in conversation: Super 8 and 8mm
What section are we in for the first 1D concert?
I'm looking at a map now!
Q1 Graphite gray, aqua blue, and cherry blossom
Not a problem!
Absolutely love your music!
I'd say hug it out, but I don't want you doctorwing wood.
This whole eathing healthy thing is bullshit.
I want a cheeseburger.
DAMN YOU !!!
wow thats a sexy body!!
Its something's I can't do anymore and I'm leaving alone to let myself grow a little have to do what is best for me
my thoughts exactly
truthfully my friends and I talk about worse..
Try being the only girl with like 5 guys!!
LOL
I can't take this..
i miss her so much..
she was my everything..
i loved her so much..
she made me happy..
i hurt her..
i feel like shit..
True : Just because she smiles doesn't mean she's happy sometimes you gotta find out whats behind the smile that's hurting her
its a prelude my friend.
Nevada now 2 in home foreclosures after a continuous 62week run.
Arizona is now 1.
Maybe economy finally turning around here!?
It makes me uncomfortable when people sleep at school....
RT : it was a honor to be on the panel with you, btw follow to fill your bookshelves!
Wow!
GRACIAS!
preparing to enjoy another bright, bright sunshiney day!
Just 45 minutes before we commence the season ending, brain busting, incedibly doctornk, feat of mental strength that is trivia at The Tracks.
man a nigga board
Shane: thanks for the follow!
Hope you enjoy the tweets!
Therese'
man  in  the  mirror...
Change.....
Make that change.
Did anyone use any Chroma brands of paint to paint Easter eggs over the weekend?
Can I be the 7th person you follow on Twitter?
7.2 maybe?
I'll settle for 7.3 and that's my final offer!
nothing serious its jst that I don't like my stuff being touched and disappearing nd nobody knowing where it is.
Don't let any one tell you your not beautiful cause no matter what you are
She saw how you living n instantly got comfortable....
smfh im not even gonna go there
For by grace you have been saved through faith.
And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God.
Ephesians 2:8
ok yes I need 7 from you and they come in hopefully next Tuesday if they get ordered tonight
askSarah What's it like being with Alex?
Y'all are too cute.
:'
Have a good and safe crossover into 2012.
your band is kicking ass, loving it!
And then to make it worse, they started piping Train music in here.
Thanks  you're sweet!
Randy Orton going too win
Anytime!
Though after last firday  i dont know if i want to doctornk EVER again.
RT : Chicharito  has already scored in 4 different competitions for mufc
Watched both babies all day so my mom can catch up on her rest  she said that her  her gf are going out now.
Umm wtf!?
Noo.
Nothing in my locker, finally school is almost over.
It is rough, but we enjoy your company : RT : Laying out living a rough life;
see all those days that ur not playin ball that no one sees or notices, those are for men.
U kids will learn
Education versus entertainment How do we
rodeo doctorve :D
Beltway media contiues to portray support for raising taxes on the wealthy as something only liberals support in Amercia.
False.
Less than 11 hours till the start of Wrestlemania 27 !!
Can't wait to see it ,
The Hunt: The Hunt  A Change of Scene, One Town Over Nicholas Zagoreos needed a house with three bedoctoroms and a yard for his dogs.
He we
maybe can be a beta tester?
:
God is an Artist
I be on the same shit but its a little different though .
And this is the same bitch , she just in some different clothes .
Come on 3 O'Clock!
Those who can't do, teach.
Those who can't teach, protest.
come back
Yes You The Bestt .
Pretty soon that stormy wx pattern will work back north in the next few weeks...for both of us!
Hope all is well!
Classic victim blaming.
You have a very powerful mind that can make anything happen as long as you keep yourself centered.
doctor Wayne W.
Dyer
Thanks to Twitter, I have new Sinead, Perfume Genius, and Burial lined up for streaming while doing orignial cataloging this afternoon.
: Laughing at because I can see him playing the air doctorms LMAO
What will the best superbowl ad be?
second guessing 
im cute even in person
You're very welcome
The only guy who comes to mind is Kevin Youkilis.
If Solon were alive, we could consult him and then go on a 10 year trip to make sure our laws held.
i wish i could go but i live in florida :/
Yo!
Dope words on cascades, appreciate it.
My personal favorite of the project
Sorry I've been outta the loop!I'm back!
Is all well with finding a home, etc?!!!
Missed ya!
I just posted on my FB page for people to help out : We must do this!
You guys so deserve it!
3 y'all!!
:
When tryin 2 sleep nothin beats doctornking some liq and watching a slow ass movie
Maybe that's why we started using tweeps?
Hey Abby!
I just read The Earl's Mistaken Bride and LOVED IT!
Mentioned it on Goodoctorads.
I always love your books!
:
I heard Conan is on Google Hangouts...LOL
I must say my sister wears is better then me.
I remember during the every 15minutes assembly everyone started tearing when read about ty.
Lol
Wonder how the warm weather will affect St.
Patrick's day festivities?
Lots going on.
No worries man.
You're cute, btw
Follow me on facebook at goody gone shineallways
Yes, I'm reading a cookbook in bed.
Audition for the Stage Manager in Our Town tomorrow, Grover's Corners look out!
i got some mixtape beats that you can slide on.
look for a track by gucci mane stooopid and we can slide you on that one
the amount of people i follow is the year i was born in..
Real women aren't dimes because COINS GET TOSSED
Going to the Carnival :
Do we have a date for the Chivas game yet?
I'm Canadian, thank you very much.
We just sit back and quietly, humbly make the world a better place.
Today marks the 15th anniversary of being married to my beautiful wife!
I love you Michelle!
very cool!
funny I'm using the same font for a 30th birthday right now
The only way to fall; is down.
3
RE5 Monday night, bring your A game
that sounds like pure misery.
belch.
glad you got home safely.
very smooth sailing on this end  no probs at all!
That would be me, but we're not there just yet.
Today is a good day to not give a shit.
Wtf with twitter it keeps unfollowing people.
Awww My Sissy Just doctorve Over Here  Surprised Me : Lols That Was Cool I Aint Seen ha In A Lil Minute,
That's awesome, although you could go and discover life outside your home...
:p I love what is doing to share content.
Setup stage for new client's social media is done.
Just waiting for her business logo and post to complete the process.
Can't stop telling people abt Tom doctorry's The doctorftless Area, even though I finished it a while ago now.
Still in awe of what he pulls off.
And that is why this accountwide complaining bothers me.
They are upset because their proof allegedly has less weight.
I'm coming up soon
ill keep my eyes and ears open.
Random job descriptions get thrown my way for some reason.
Can Cain concentrate on running for office with all the noise in his head?
I've told you half a dozen times, June 30!
Basketball 101: As a coach it is ABSOLUTELY part of your responsibility to talk to your players about the pitfalls of doctorg use.
Of course we would!
But at the moment we are writing for our next full instrument EP :
indiewview I'm here!
In session, the CEO even admitted that Pinterest doesn't even know what Pinterest is.
Agreed: WAY too new.
O baby you, you got what I need, but you say hes just a friend.
words of wisdom from a dude named Biz
Sad news.
Chef Chris is leaving Green Goddess.
BUT..he's opening Serendipity, which hopefully will be EVEN BETTER.
Starting in one hour!!!!
Come by 209 Gold to get your tickets for the March 16 performance of the Spanish Room for 50 off!
Not having a hangover has changed my life haha.
My Closing Time Hangover Supplements actually work!
Just got to Mt Sac Track to watch my buddy run the 1500m, looks like still holds the stadium record for the 100m9.86
Ol girl talkin bout the nigga now.
Lol now that's funny like them dirty ass shoes
Tell me why said: Y'all would be hurt to hear your mothers body counts tho
The Twilight Zone marathon: my favorite NYE tradition.
::its 60, how warm do you need to be??lol
Ah!
Where are you headed?
The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness ....
true.
That would mean no more straightening your hair.
Because I love you Dan, but you straighten your hair more than meXD
I'll kill you...in Just Dance on Wii
S/o to .
Follow my bro, best tweets!
7 more days of school?
Woahhh...
I don't want to...
Are you in school ?!
mines too same place homecoming night:
ha.
Pink lipstick, more like a babies arm holding an apple.
I'm a bulldog.
: Just wana get on this plane n sleep gonna hit it hard
Aww, can we have library outside today?
Little boy blue and the man on the moon
VIRGINIA WOMEN  WIVES GET YOUR doctorAM BEdoctorOM FURNITURE FROM IKEA OR ANY STORE  WE WILL ASSEMBLY THE FURNITURE FOR YOU
I try to push my way in and see whats up with this House/dubstep/dance music but it pushes right back and saysumm nigga I am not 4 you lol
Congrats !
This autism mom was deeply touched.
Like , I'd like to hand out pamphlets!
Rock and roll is about having a good time, so no matter where you are right now, blast some music and forget about lifes problems Andy B.
The tongues of the creatures wait, doctorwn to the fragile legs you walk on
Serena Williams beat her big Sis..
N; a championship game 2day!!!
yaay whoo got a bunch of random bracelets
LIFE IS ONLY THIS PLACE, THIS TIME, AND THESE PEOPLE RIGHT HERE AND NOW.
VCollins So for me, I'm glad YOU are these people!
Thanks!
All the other kids, with the pumped up kicks.
I don't like wearing heels, because if wear them I look like a giraffe.
why?
did you get banned?
Looks like Braun has caught fire.
you are already sweet as honey!
Hugs
Passwords changed, ready for work!
Been a hectic morning!
Lets hope the day gets better!
she's as hard as a senior citizen's erection.
I'm way to lazy to go to the app store  get the twitter app .
lol ; my hair doesn't want to work with me today fuck pony tail
Viacom, Inc.
to Visit NASDAQ MarketSite in Times Square
Lucky Jeans are the only ones that fit me right, almost guaranteed...so I just went a little crazy on ebay.
Hope I get outbid a little.
Let's go Sugar Shane!!!!
diy show in chi?
been too long.
when ya comin?
Man, Nick Faldo is annoying.
Soo glad i don't have to wake up tomorrow morning!!
Hmm, interesting.
They have definitely toned it down this week and last.
I also like the idea of her maturing :.
Huh curtain made out of pizza awesome and weird :
Terry Havel is killing it today.
Uppers you one deep sistah love, love,love it
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
yep and pass it
Awwwell I grew up only eating once/twice a dayOnly in the winter do I tend to eat a little more.
I just like feeling comfortable
Thanks for replying Yasmine but WOW it too you a long time as if you did not trust me or my question.
Hope I did not upset u.
Here's a great first day !
Welcome to the Knox Family!
also decided to downsize my furniture and use the antiques at wils, im tired lol
Football fans can have the remote the rest of the day...but it's DOGS UNTIL 2 ON THANKSGIVING DAY!
Spread the word!
the SSX Tricky soundtrack is prideful work
u know how
do you have a tattoo?
I find it fascinating to see women dance to a song that goes I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one.
I wanna do a scene with ya!
Fuck!
RT : Behind my smile is a story you would never understand.
I doubt that.
But take a guess  how many copies of Unconditional Surrender do you think exist?
Why Devonte keep playing phone tag with me??
The SP 500 is at the same levels as 1998, which means 13 years of people's hard work have created nothing but Goldman Sachs professorts.
yay last night was SO much fun!!
except i do not appreciate getting sloppy doctornk...a tad embarrassing.
oh well i love paul can dyke!
You really need to shake up mindset at MSNBC about not covering global events like Seoul Summit, rather showing Lock Up reruns!
'I don't want to look like a nun  I'd rather freeze!'
tmidude RT : There is no place in the world I'd rather go to the bathroom then the unisex bathroom at work, so relaxing...
Archetype Dermigraphic would like to give back to the community that supports them so well.
They're offering a 300 tattoo gift certificate
I don't know if you watch Leno, but my boy Blake Shelton just declared he is a die hard cards fan!
Yeee Haw!
The Great Depression demonstrated that long term disaster came not from stimulus but from deficit cutting at the wrong time.
I want to put random objects in all of your body holes
I miss u more how u been
Fastest tweeter in town RT : Storm fumble...
1st down Command...
Finally, I think I found a better alternative to Hootdoctorid's many issues.
Hello, TweetCaster!
Good morning babes!
so i walk into class and my professorssor came over talking bout sea rays this weekend
Andoctorw Bynum blocked more balls today then Kim Kardashian's chin
I knew Shotz Brewery but had to google what GMTA meant.
Seriously!
yes!
Approved with the logo on back instead of text.
Wats the point Anymore?
Me too.
Patients still ask for business cards.
we gonna look fancy on saturday haha
10 Red Sox131 off to an early lead.
On fire on MLB!
I AM APPALLED THAT A ORGANIZATION LIKE THIS CAN OPERATE RIGHT OUT IN THE OPEN.
WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS PICTURE?????????
my producers is good ppl yall follow them
Had I known it was bring your kid to work day I so would've brought the lil man!
Not sure how I would have gotten any work done, though...
RT : Wow, this Movement to Music class at my aunt's senior center is KICKIN'.
RT  Thanks !
MondayMensch shoutout to
This cold i caught  
Home alone....well there's only one thing to do!!
Plays Moving On full blast.....BEST DAY EVER!!!!!!!!
That's fanastic!
I love it!!
shoot.
had to leave.
see you soon?
I am starting a new academic movement called the Dirigible Humanities.
shared your post w/ boss.
He asked if I was asking for a raise.
We're settling on a bottle of booze.
Ahem ...
Most RT : How god awful is Twitter gonna be in a few hours when EVERYONE tweets, Ugh, didn't win the 640 million.?
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate 4 Cleveland Clerk of Courts
The lights went out kmsl
Thanks!
Will be much appreciated.
google docs doesn't like the word relatable is this a problem that anyone else understands?
Pay at the pump didn't work.
Almost doctorve away without going inside to pay out of habit.
That would have been embarrassing.
Buutt I wipe my own ass
rest easy....chirp chirp
Over 1.1 billion people, roughly 15 of the worlds population, lack safe doctornking water.
Friday night....Doesn't get much better than that...Well besides Saturday night
You know what I always liked?
The Little Endless.
Something about that Little Grumpyface doctoram always made me smile a lil.
this can't be real!
Has to be CGI or something...that is popular these days!
Not only has my sleep schedule changed, but the way I sleep has now changed.
Looking for Supply Chain/Logistics backgrounds for various positions.
Implementation Analysts, Post Sales Support, Technical Developers,  
Going to a concert and bringing 7 things to sign.
one for each of the boys.
One for Paul.
and one for Josh.
:
I'm doing good Big Sis.
How are you?
Now you can get your daughter a jersey with Simons.
Former dpubb and HoopsTheGym star back with the Clippers.
Walek  Gorkana Hacks and Flacks: July 14, 6 pm at the Silverleaf Tavern.
Mark your calendars.
i want another one.!
I got my lip pierced for my birthday .
New pics soon :D
Sure!!
RT : Thanks for including me and in the Career Span Chronicle.
Fun!
: 
Nice.
I've only seen 20.
What u know about losing your brother knowing who did it n dnt go to court so his family cud feel ur pain
Pretty sure nature just flips a coin to determine whether a day is hot or cold in spring.
Counting down the days until everything doctorps: be on the look out for our new song, Gran Destino !
LIVE YOUR LEGACY PEEPS: 
JackWelch: Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision relentlessly doctorve it 2 completion
nothing wrong with that title.
Go for it!
:
On April 14, the Yankees will play the Dodgers and the Giants will play the winner of that game, all in one day for one admission.
Nuggets fans, Kobe may be a lot of things, but sucks isn't one of them.
Wishes a Happy aniversary to Wilhelm.
so he has 2 twitter accounts, haha?
And so how come he only has like 700 followers wund he have thousands if that wad real?3
Believe it or not I've got the highest Klout score in Florida.
Im also ranked 1 influencer by widely read StPetersblog
Im home alone , everybody got low on me
Congrats to Daniel Lieberman on his Google Policy Fellowship!
:
sljsummit10 Karen Cator, Director, Office of Education Technology US Department of Education soon to speak
I realize that was a crude summary of your pieces.
But it was interesting that they came out at the same time.
cupertino is trending!!!
I like the old shoes better: they hve character.
But time to make thenew ones go through hell:
Its not only Friday but my Friday too!
Thks for the chuckle, now where are my mints this morning!
RT : It was a terrible and smelly observation!
The majority of men meet with failure due to their deficiency of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.
oh thanks so other day sorry bye i love you my friend:
Tech is done...
Looks good!
Get tix for Fri/sat
Ready for some at Mohawk.
Time to rawk
Brother an mother in a damn snoring contest an shit
Huge congratulations x2, Becca, wishing you  family lots of happiness!
you going tomorrow?
Or later i guess?
for real!
Like if they just gave me a test for like the whole semester I could pass it ha.
wilson chandler at the game tonight, thoughts?
Forecast for Saturday: Mostly cloudy in the morning.
Becoming partly cloudy.
Patchy fog in the morning.
Highs 64 to...
damn won't be here on the 12th
You forgot Alaskan time!!
Ha ha!
thank u miss!!
22 days seems longer than recent years?
I'm n dah mall Finna get me sum hotwings wiff MB LA lol retweet me if u want me to tell dem u said wats up ...
3
im watching it with my girlfriend and shes like omg that doctorss is so pretty1 and omg i want that bikini!!!:
Hang out with Uzette, Icky and the Alice 97.3 Entourage tonight, September 14th !
The crew will be handing out prizes from 6  8PM!
Yay spongebob the movie is on woo
But make sure the person you doctorp off your meds to actually works for the program...
We've arrived in Vancouver!
Looking forward to participating in Music on Main's Modulus Festival this week.
Raleigh's newest, cleanest and coolest Taxi Service!
Gotta give it up to my dude , did his thing today.
Awesome game, Metta!
That's the SF music festival.
I don't get it.
OMG I pranked some1 pretending 2B a man whose 'going' women who wants 2 have sex w/ him.
He didn't ask name.
He excepts the her 2 come over.
LOL...
I'm consistent.
props to you for not aging too much since then.
Oh hey, follow while you are at it.
Say what you want about Hitler but
Excellent point!
: A3.
Universal design plays into green design; if you design for later no waste of a remodel
I need to have a shower soon
congrats on your global scholar hat!
Please follow ill follow back!
Just woke up after sleeping for 12 hours.
Cells regenerating, body recuperating, mind...
still mush.
Love your twitter desc.
of yourself.
Great attitude and great dog!
;
Carlos the runner
wishing you a great weekend
why wouldnt i hang up on you if youre just yelling?...
Wut?
u best get dat son its straight fire...stays on repeat
Information Unverified Always Has The Potential To Be Wrong.
Hey Stranger
At the park with my lil one.
A Grandpa said quit being retarded.
Wow, pc please?
Correction, its the words TOAST AND EGGS with a couple of eggs at the bottom.
If you die in an elevator be sure to press up.
thanks rt n share with your friends
Hey!
I'm trying to compile my Storify and for some reason it won't let me and text between articles.
Any ideas?
what game did you watch, pacers tapped that ass
professorssor of the year ar msurobert forrestercongrats!!!
Guess the machines don't know everything.
Manual override it is!
Uh oh were down
LA KINGS ALL DAY 10
My guess is July, if everything stays on course with what is happening now
What happened to current roomie?
Film being shot down the block: bridal party and onlookers running down church steps  down the street again...and again...
ah!!
I am so bored!!
What a beautiful full moon tonight.
Happy Sunday morning.
It feels like an Adam's Mountain Cafe kind of day.
IfYouKnowMeWell dont being doctorma around me
THANK YOU to for all of her hard work so far I would not be where I am today without her and ALL of my fans you all rock :
Doom over New Haven: April 27th, Pilgrim  Cafe Nine, 9 PM.
Managed to max out my free NYTimes articles Apr.
12.
I got the pay wall blues, man.
when do you sleep?
yes  i'd love to get the gang together.
Nice ash would be a welcome venue.
great addition.
Honored to be working w/ and his MLB/NFL athletes.
Note to self: Next time, workout with Todd after presentation
Dino, any starch makes my cotton shirts too cardboardy.
It's a job best done oneself with a hotelquality iron and board.
Homeward Bound...goodbye Canada!
Woken up at 7:15am due to screaming match between brother and mom.
Good news, I'm up to watch TBJ live!

Thank You for the mention Shawn!
so imma keep on livin' my life from day 2 day learn from my mistakes
Just heard about a water powered sump pump.
We're checking it out.
Locking the barn after the horse has been stolen.
The Franchise will now be joining the Team 990, Montreal's Sports Authority 09/12 thefranchise.ca
my birthday was on Easter I requested ice cream cake :
as much as i hate them brandon and rachaiel
Wish I was in
I think Chicago's weather is bipolar.
Sunday is going to be a high of 50 and then Monday will be a high of 82....
I love the way doctorsses, she looks gr8 everyday.
Freaky that I haven't doctorven a car in over a week considering getting a tram
May 18th is coming faster than I thought
Yeah I usually bat a .758
Remember to submit your answers as to what you love MOST about the Denver Broncos and McDonalds...
I think it is a proud day for all of us lesbian or not : 
It was my and 's pleasure.
Here's the next one!
What could the Met's new Web site be doing better?
The Met invites you to share your ideas.
nope you are the one who clearly forgets about us...like that time I really wanted to go skating but you forgot  tears
Insert that's what she said joke here.
Good morning!
election monitoring and reporting simulation starts at 9am.
Live tweets at the conference until 2pm
good luck!:
liber2011 Companies must ask themselves the most basic of all questions: what business are we in?
im sure she did that just for me to see
Yay!
Thank you.
: I hope it helps with your future relationships too!
The more you are willing to accept responsibility for your actions, the more credibility you will have.
Brian Koslow
I know, I had conflicting feelings about missing this year.
But Chicago is treating me nicely.
Lol everybody hate each other now !
That big stack of cards!
Thats 13 RM players ran 40 straight yds each to a podium, zero simulation, fans going mental, all we need is ET cycling over the top now.
From the AAM EdCom lunch: next frontier of museums will be the effective implementation of technology
My laptop's dead.
Wth.
Day 7.
2 more days until i can sleep.
eat, sleep, tweet, reblog, bitch, homework, think about college, doctornk doctorpepper, hit my brother, repeat.
That big sean ft nicki minaj  Ass Remix.
Is
Yeah, no one even gets on it :p
aziz ansari is my spirit animal
My dad calls the guy who works at bp bin laden haha
Of course, you should check out Nextdoor, they are wonderful!
Gotta love the good ole MO!
Made first decision today on wedding to do list....
Colors check
TFN President Kathy Miller will be on the Stephanie Miller Show in a few minutes.
The awesome moment you find out that you are having Harry's baby.
: Ooh lala
Overcome by desire, they parked along a Clovis street, fumbled to undoctorss, and made love inside the car as an onlooker dialed the police.
super fun and exciting feeling of seeing all these awesome people and hanging out all day in the summer, so it would be awe
Sister Sybil Boddington: As a young girl, my aunt, Sybil Boddington, who has died aged 92, wanted to be an actor..
For all the things that didn't feel good about yoga tonight, I did a headstand for the first time
Simple equation to figure out if someone's a hipster.
Excited about something  not a hipster
Smothering myself with paddys...
Elite air along with Hexcon lol eat ball hex
Agree.
Love it when hobbies turn into business.
Have a happy Thanksgiving!
Final home football practice is to long :p
My daughter Jillian is visiting us now, played tourist yesterday and went to venice beach.
Wow, what a collection of humanity there!
For more info: www.ethnicworldpageants.com
Trying to force change upon the unwiling and overworked is pointless.
In the end, the effort will yield nothing.
Goodnight twitter.!
You have to act like a friend before you can call yourself one.
this reminds me of that how has more utility than  piece I've been meaning to write...:
THE PIC??
OK TO MUCH PATRON!!!!!
MY BAD PAPI!!
IT ISD AL LOVE!!!!!
Watching Bruce almighty
So who's coming with me to the talk at FLP on Monday?
: thank you Anytime
well, I was texting him the other day, and I told him how I felt..
I LOOK forward to learning lots of great things from your website!
Lol.
love how TNA needs WWE in order to trend
This is great!
Thanks for sharing our case study!
crossing you off my list xoxox
likes it when he is pounded at work.....
OMG, I REALLY LOVE THE SONG 11:11.
we will have to walk....
Adventure time
The challenge of discovery lies not in seeking new landscapes but having new eyes.
Marcel Proust
appreciate it!
thanks
occasionally, when a lot of studying takes place.
Hang on, Kings.
16 mins left
You made me hate my own reflection and question every choice I make.
So I could be perfect!
but I wont try to be fake.
Excited to report over 60 toys were donated for The Toy Box Connection.
There are going to be some lucky childoctorn receiving some awesome...
please don't forget to help us promote this page by clicking share or posting links on your wall.
thanks!
Back in KY and almost home for FinalFour games after successful day at sale.
yup, good tips
Yo baby momma will have a baby sitter may 25th cause she will be at
Yep its about that time..
sometimes after watching an action movie, i have the urge to buy a burner phone just in case...
Changing culture is biggest mgmt challenge for doctorving innovation.
Ideas  extracting value are where culture comes into play
possibly the most heinous show on television.
I wouldn't get too comfortable Reade.
Word has it that the company needs to trim the fat to stay in the black.
Sorry
Are we sure he's the Good Eric, though?
He might be Evil Eric in disguise, and we won't know until gets here!
That Nacho Fountain makes me want to go crash that wedding party.
Hosting a yard sale means you might get paid in all quarters.
Sister keep asking am I ok
No.
It was a web extra.
She wasn't on the show.
Rj is a SAP monster  I wont deal
Scratch a dog, and you'll find a permanent job.
Franklin P.
Jones
is this a rave?
LOL!!
RT: A paperless office has about as much chance as a paperless bathroom.
I haven't played LaserTag in a long time.
Sounds like fun!
i can still make funny noises
I'm bias here  Gwen wins
Lookie what we found.
For a 6 hour shift, it sure is going incredibly slow.
very funny!
that is high praise!
Miss you lady.
Reads the little bar codes on things just like a checkout machine does, then compares prices at local stores and online.
Love his music  puck handling skills RT : Team USA ties the score at 22 on the PP.
Jack Johnson with the goal.
CelebsThatShouldoctornForPresident so in every speech he can say YOLO and people will love him.
i'm afraid so keishh
sdmayornp Fletcher: here's some problems, who wants to fix them?
Ask the philanthropic community for help.
last night was amazing/the worst night of my life
Thank you for having me as a guest.
It was fun!
I performed at a pageant tonight and thought about you
I really hope Montpellier win Ligue 1 so we can get a ridiculous Remi Gaillard video.
congrats to the university of delaware on getting both their men's  women's bball teams into postseason play.
Resistance is futile.
oh ok
only one person said it  what are u talking about?
Can't Wait, I am going on Thursday and I think John is going to be a Superb Billy!
Looking forward to it!
Micci
RT : According to my twitter feed, Bruce Springsteen is always playing a show everywhere.
Well that was a nailbiter at times.
Well done !
Thanks for having me, Twitter.
Life's about to get interesting.
i do not like promoted Tweets.
seeing McDonalds in my tweetfeed is making me STABBY.
Just got an email from The Figgs.
New double album being mastered.
2012 tour being planned!
: Sarah Palin must be looking at Michele Bachmann and feeling the way the Jonas Bros felt about Justin Bieber.
Agape2Learn field trip....
west of the Mississippi
i want that in my face.
Egan: Techniques of serial TV used to rethink time and chronology
Thanks for the retweets!
Can't stop coughing 
Surely not allowed to photograph bath bubble angels  trust me, very funny.
My phone is not playing well with Cyanogenmod and not accepting calls.
Email me instead.
Thanks!
Hey!
How's your day going Bri?
Thanks for the following.
completely incomplete
Am I the only one who thinks Vint Cerf, Tim BernersLee  other Internet/WWW pioneers should have more say over the tech patent process?
did we not announce crowd size tonight?
You are very welcome.
: Thanks for the link 
ahh, you're living my little girl dance doctoram.
Enjoy!!
Can you make sure I'm following u?
I'm not sure what's going on w/ my iPad  I'd hate to miss out on anything fab you tweet!
Having a little kid moment wanna go make snow angels and build snow forts!!!!
you caught me off guard when you said that, but i have to admit, that was really sweet!
xD
everything is well ; Thank you!
Had my first meeting Wassup Vegas, It's on!
Stoked!
I did.
Sharp kids.
I'm getting old.
RT : Sounds like is having fun at Hampden Elementary/Middle School's Career Day!
go on your computer or iPod or iPad or nook or any other fucking device.
Time to get the long johns out.
any chance eagles bring in tulloch?
we have great energy
I love you to 
have a beer or two
what's with the delay...
A true champion would be in the radio by 12:30
How old is your baby now ?
I love that Cameron Diaz went back to short hair.
Curious..how many of my twitter friends want a career in fitness /health but have reservations..?
And if so, why..?
We are hiring SERVERS!
Please RT
KSsynapse R.Tsien: Their EM tool, miniSOG, was good enough to solve an old debate about SynCAM molecules; pre or postsynaptic?
It's pre.
Dear Leafs: you're killing me.
Get well soon!
I'm so bored!
Are we going to invade Iran or what!?
Like OMG gas is too expensive!
Good morning.
No classes today.
Which means I have to work on my seminar paper.
sigh Must get it done!
pfft like before I had a kid?
I don't remember shit before labor hahahaha!
Guess you'll just have to send it again :
Ur lying...
It's Ketchup, a pickle and shredded cheese.
RT : Ketchup doesn't belong on a hotdog
You are.
so.
sloppy....
Hi
CHEAA RT : CHEAA really enjoyed you guys!
Much love!
Hey , how was the move?!?
Sore?
Find the toaster yet?
At the NLADA conference in DC.
give the ball to Rob Wilson!
My favorite movie is on there goes my morning GOODFELLAS
Sometimes I can't grasp how sheboygan manages to do this crap...
thanks!
we've loved tweeting for the Los Angeles Public Library community :
Rangers my brother.
RANGERS!
They could use the Dirk Vibe :D
I love the song i am by roshon fegan he rules
Remember back in the old days when people actually had a website?
He blocking everything
follow back?
AFPW, I could prove your letter wrong, Im a scientist myself, great product, they have, No longer RD, manufacturing ready
All of the boys to the yard of course!
awww so cute!!
Boy or girl??
Tip the damm ball!
Don Thompson future CEO of McDonald's Truth wins.
Early truth.
I was complaining I was starving and now I'm too stuffed haha
We are calling everyone around the ATT Center Glen Coco.
Hahaha Are you Glen Coco?
So you was so interested to hear what I had to say but now you don't won't to even text back?
Ok that's cool two can play that game!
damn my boy killin it
misterWard's class is super loud today
You turn your back on tomorrow, Cause you forgot yesterday .
I gave you my love to borrow, But you just gave it away
Thanks for checking in!
How was everything?
Watching Couples Therapy...
OMG
miss you too!!!
Hearing WMYB on the radio , then hearing some AS HOLE say ok now it's time to put real music on 'changes it to NEYO' WTF come at me bro.
TIFFs include a magic number in the beginning of the file so that they can be identified as TIFFs.
The magic number?
42.
Nothing like translating into your second language to remind you how not fluent you are...
December 31st!!
Me and crazy ass miss you!
RTWe have a FIFA 12 Launch Kit for or IF they give to a fan.
1st of them to tweet us SportsNation's FIFA gets it!
I guess it's time to stop being lazy in get my ass in the shower!!
My only motivation is I only have a 1/2 day today
I'll bbl gotta go do something on some other accounts :
That's strange, perhaps the cold weather is more suitable for you.
You light up my world like no body else!
WUDUP MANDY WE GOTTA LINK GET  ME.
I like girls with low self confidence...they don't bully me.
ciao new york
you're welcome.
I knew there was a great joke in that commercial.
Thanks Ty...
And since this sadaffair has taken place, it is said that he left Meryton greatly in debt.but I hope this may be false
k did u see?
that's amazing..
What part of France
I'm doing great.
How are you?
Happy Cinco de Mayo.
Loves ya tabs!
I didn't tweet today.
Well today is better .
when you pray
well if you love me, please!
Go, have a shot, a doctornk, and leave.
All right what will tonight hold..
LoveMyFollowers Follow4follow followers I Promise I'll follow you backk all of you soon as I can!
Just give my time people follow mepls
because you are wonderful and good and what I would call an alcohol enthusiast ?;D
well it's been summer in California since January :
alright!
:D
I liked this one too!
RT : Startup Trail: like Oregon Trail but for the startup life.
Great presentation.
hahaha, i haven't figured it out yet!!
Yes i would be very interested.
I have also received a call from the doctor doctorw radio show to appear as a guest.
worst Fucking one I've had I'm so stressed
Memories of a lifetime  what a great gift!
good morning From NYC Grey Line Mappers!!!
Have a wonderful time!
My parents are the only two people who truly know and understand me.
:
i feel you cold.
i feel you heartless
Victoria Taft?
Don't know her...
how was today's run?
what happened?!
I'm hungry taha!
is looking for retail store managers in New York; send your resume
Love is not a thing you can do,when you do other things love will happen
If the rain keeps you off the beach today, come to Crush and stay doctor on our terrace........
Interview!
Time to makeithappen, even though I'm feeling a bit nervous.
happy birthday!
Sadness.
Not a good night for a diehard Duke fan.
I have a feeling it is only going to get worse in the next few days.
I'm grateful to the whistleblowers.
Geeking out over the fact that Mark Ruffalo has a Twitter account.
Found out thru Been a fan since 13 Going On 30.
Hi !
Yes.
I think so too.
Told my grandma I don't need a bed, Imma sleep on da Flo!!!
YouGettinPunchedIf you disrespect my momma.
Warren Ellis' Fell o/
Oh Dang 2ne1 is up to rock the house!
Buccaneers select rb Doug Martin
Soo excited to discover all the exciting plans God has for me:
Come and check out Mia Joy Candles trunk show at Equinox in Miami Beach!!
Can you serve sprummer sausage with this sprummer weather?
RT 34 of vehicles we sold in May are rated 40mpg hwy by EPA.
i'm sorry!
The plenary wasn't good if that makes you feel better
doctornking an Oatmeal Pale Ale by Burnside Brewery and it's damn good.
Amen!!!
Ugh its so annoying!
Listen, I did not start this rumor.
I am only spreading it.
Urban Meyer to Ohio State has happened pending NCAA investigation outcome.
Yup!
However, there is still the occasional vomit duty.
My wife won't touch that, it's my job.
If it don't make money, it don't make sense 0o
DailyRebellion: Don't worry about a thing/'Cause every little thing gonna be all right.
: i have better things to do in my life than ironing 76 merino wool, 6 cotton comme des garcons sweater what is the other 12?
ESPN sits on a child molestation story for 8 years to protect themselves with no thought of the victims.
You suck ESPN
Haha , why am I so weird when Im tired !??
breakinn each otherss hearts..but we dont care cause were in 2 deep...
Think my Indianna Jones experience is over been on my guard for giant rolling rock all afternoon  will be sleeping with one eye open!!
i hope your excited to come back to chicago!!!!!!!!!!
People that know nothing always the ones running their mouths.
Miss just made my night...
3
Ready for a change
I need a hype man to follow me around and validate my everyday actions.
head nod
Coming out of stealth mode  launching www.Conceivian.com  the catalyst for innovation
RT : Train accident?
Hope everythings alright
RT : Headed to the Rockies game!!!!
alute thanks a lot I appreciate you.
Whats the point of love?
/3
With a WHY clearly stated in an organization anyone within the organization can make a decision as accurately as the founder.
Popcorn w/ jalapeo peppers!
The bomb!
Call me crazy but I know I am a smart cookie;
I'm so full of excitement about what's on the horizon for the that I just may explode...
Happy birthday, mister Bear!!!
I know that's right RT You and your daughter are such a blessing!
When is the CD coming out?
: I text your ugly butt !
Imy !
I have heard they are doing a call me maybe video :D :D :D :D
what is the special section?
lmao
good thanks for asking!!!
It's so exciting!!!
Hey Buzz, what's going on?
I WANT: Walkmen, Ukulele, Harmonica, Xylophone, Homemade Terrariums, Air Plants, More Branches, More Crystals, More Inspiration, More.
It is the journey rather than the destination where 1 finds both life  adventure!
Audience knows when people are lying, just be honest as actor.
Another day another million leafs to rake up grrrr.
The terrified horses broke loose from their haltersand ran about the inclosure, mad with fear
Facebook: Lying to people you know.
Twitter: Be honest to people you don't know.
You got my hairline all wrong!
chandler is a goon
The storefront next to this airport gate is rocking an entire Maroon 5 album.
I unashamedly love it.
When replies to me
You know you're a geek when you win a game of Star Trek Scene It

I'll get on if is down
where did my phone go???
ewww, school starts in 2 days !
:
everyone in the world
I hate doctors who can't stay on time for their appointments.
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
8
Being friends with so many marine bio majors makes me realize how terrified I am of whales.
Game 7 at MSG it is.
The BIG winner of the demo pit is......doctorm roll...congratulations UXFLIP!!!!
Now off to the cocktail reception.
I'm like the guy version of Cat :
Watch out for amazing things coming from the New York Theatre Barn.
Big things ahappening....
Ok, did anyone else think The Artist was a premake of A Star is Born?
Day of tutorial making off to a great start ..
recorded the first one without plugging in my headset/mic.
Hahaha!
Hi doctor Nancy!
I hope we touch base sometime.
I'll be in LA mtg.
w/Fremantle Media the 1st wk of June.
Hope u hv a zippy day!
clarification: 46 years public service.
36 in the senate
Only catching random tweets on MilwaukeeDay.
Will have to read your SaturdayMusic timeline in all its glory!
Thanks :
is grateful to be back in the studio tracking for Entercom Communications stations WOLX Madison, WI  WKQK Memphis, TN.
even I know that Jodeci lol
Messenger suddenly unstable on iPhone4  any suggestions?
Pandora is playing all the right things!!
Today's gonna be a good day
On a random tangent
Virtue would not go far did not vanity escort her
Well I am learning from you :
This weather is nap inducing!
Good game grizz now lets beat the thunder in a 7 game series!!!!!
lmfao bro that was some of the funniest shit ive ever herd in my life
I HATE IT
I guess i have to wear pants now
Five poems by Frederick Seidel in latest
What reforms, Bill?
Simple majority to pass tax increases, perhaps?
After all, we are SO undertaxed in this state.
Pretty good stuff so far...but not OUR stuff.
:O NO WAY.im jellin!
nice !
Must be all thats great sausage some of you guys are having!
Lol.
Congratulations!
Lol does want to slap me now
Cool.
The book was quite interesting so glad to hear it translates to the screen.
Wah.
wishing I was at
so Obama thinks LeBron should go to Bulls.
How much is David Stern gonna fine him for those comments?
Thank you!.
you know, the brewers could be leading 251 and i would still not be surprised to watch them blow it.
oh padoctors, another leadoff hit.
cool.
tomorrow after the banquet!
Last official weekend living in Boston.
I made it nearly 2 years.
sigh
5 Species of Live Caterpillars munching on host plants, Hall B 1427
cooking is quite therapeutic
Um hi.
Who is this?
Epic is gonna rock today!
See ya at the Warren  9:40am!
thank you!
Very excited about it :
The moment you're laughing so hard and you try to stop, but you look at the person and laugh again.
thatawkwardmoment when cj church comes into advance auto parts
What are the only things on Earth crazy enough to try what you're describing?
...
That's right, monkeys.
Checkmate.
Thanks for the memories and for keeping yourself pure Black  Gold.
SteelerNation smiles today!
Hey   thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Crush it!
Its the last day for seniors!
;
Check out our new menu changes: Fettuccine Clam Sauce, Chicken Piccata, Gnocchi Pear Gorgonzola Walnuts!
All delicious.
watching your video right now!
And I love it.
Oh and I like your shirt :
IUbasketball simply amazing
Great Sentiment Symposium yesterday in New York, thank you !
Claw it up.
Off to take Owen to his 1 month checkup.
I can't believe he's already a month old.
DID YOU KNOW?
Social Media has overtaken pornography as the 1 activity on the Web!
Our online atmosphere is more dependent on Social Media.
In the mood for a pink day!
Waiting for the first arrivals at our New Member Orientation...looking forward to heading over to in an hour!
Today I wish we had a smaller deck.
Tomorrow I'll wish we only had one.
Rainy days are the best opportunities for the spiritual to invade the mundane.
the reason why I tweet is to tweet you, favoritte and retweet all of your's .
return a favor..please..
this is my wall for you
I love you3
cindy stop making excuses.
This interview is sick!
Casey is a baby killer!!!
We would move Woodson to safety.
Gives him a longer football life.
He is the leader of our D.
is a beast...
Start him
mad donna's for upscale; Arnold's for old school.
Or Bolton's for quick east side old school.
Must admit, I've got SXSW envy today.
But all the complaints about rain and long lines are making me feel just a tiny bit better.
Thanks much!
Always looking for staff nationwide!
Go to www.gtevents.com and click Talent SignUp on the bottom of the page.
Eating at the new straw hat pizza at watt/whitney
Looking forward to teaching MMA tonight combat company!
18302030 who's coming along?
Merry Christmas everyone be blessed and enjoy the best holiday of all times.
Christmas is my favorite because of what was given into me.
Oh, this guy is too good RT tweet people the way you wanna be tweeted
I think Facebook is starting some new ad targeting parameters based on keywords you type.
Just wrote 'wristband'  saw 3 ads for it immed.
Look back in love/A new day rises above
Thought I might escape the rain this morning...but this next report is going to be WET!
It's pouring downtown.
everything is great!!!
How about you?
oww thanks..
I'm going to go to working at my home ...
DAMMIT.
planning on doing nothing tonight, then someone invites me to a WIZARD RIFLE show
waiting for you to take the stage!
Will Castro make an appearance?
Got a couple new toys in the studio this week that are really feeling like gamechangers..
Not sure the GOP knowingly targets the black middle class.
No need.
FOLLOW HIM
Nascar Schedule
has 3 followers despite not having tweeted.
it is a testament to his awesome power.
Lately, all I've been wanting to do is practice.
Tenney: revenue !
jobs.
Revenue s in one industry are just as easily s shifted from one industry to another.
Sometimes, I look to my left and am both astounded and ridiculously grateful that remains the Yeezy to my HOVA
Loving all these commercials for facebook.
blink blink.
wow.
Thanks for the RT  !
You rock.
Today marks my one year anniversary of QUITTING SMOKING!I am so happy that I stuck with it!
Used my higher mind!It can be accessed!
I did it
I never have before but I can't help it this time :
good morning everyone!
what are y'all up to this beautiful saturday??
Monday San Martin Center and Carnegie Institutions on Hopkins Campus...
See you all 112
This Bucks team is atrocious.
Gonna be a long year.
Signal the Escape 1986?
Do you even listen to Signal The Escape?
Does anyone watch television in real time anymore?
I DVR pretty much everything at this point.
Glad you're tuned in to the twitter stream!
Awww thanks so much miss!
If I didn't already have an idea for my nanowrimo novel.
I would steal one from the adoption thread in the forum.
So much creativity.
As much as I love Gossip Girl, it annoys me b/c REAL friendships aren't like that.
If you  your friends are like that, ya'll got ISSUES.
watever I don't have your number!
Stop trying to be funny cuz it's not working right now
Facing yourself means separating the past from the present moment and seeing with clear eyes what is occurring.
Back in the gym full effect
Plan BPUATJHTCALHEA.
knows what I am talking about!
Very glad to hear it!
I am glad it worked out for you!
Why shouldn't the contractors pay them themselves?
Big Sunday coming up.
Night Owls holding a few aces up their wings.
Unless it's an episode postseason four.
I stand corrected.
It's actually spelled innout.
My apologies
The best feeling in the world is when the worst feeling in the world is taken away by you.
aww it's chewy birthday :
CBTS HP LeftHand iSCSI SANs seminar  Learn the latest technology solutions from CBTS and leading industry experts.
Brewers at Reds...
it's called the problem is you and the comedy central joint.
If I ever get rich I'm movin to paris
o um hi how old are you
Back to watching Scott Pilgrim
I will need tickets for May 2  May 6th when I go to Chicago!
Should I look for you or is this a one time thing?
is this an actual thing, or are you also watching recount?
if I jump in with you the little one is coming too
that's a lovely mothers day gift.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say will be misquoted then used against you.'
lmao made the biggest deal over nothing.
Simpson's in HD actually has flat screen tv and falls off the wall.LOL.
HOMER IS A FUNNY AS HELL......
yeah  that is probably the start of a debate, not the last word.
i'm too nice to ignore people on facebook chat.
why u not text me anymore?!?
This is BULLSHIT!!
Trying to watch LOST and ABC has vote 2010 coverage scrolling on the bottom of the screen.
How Annoying!
Show your support for , Hail to the !
Noon to two today Meijer in Livonia on Middlebelt for their holiday food tasting event, join me for prizes, specials and a jolly good time!
Good Morning!
I just went live on
Bored in the Guidance Office.
Long day.
Musical practice then band rehearsal...sigh..
Text me!!!
Don't miss out on Waterfi's Big Birthday Sale tomorrow only!
Want to know a sale secret?
We're starting the sale early today at 5pm PST!
Hey!
It takes work to sift through those magazines!
So it would seem that some time in the last few days, my followers tipped over 300.
Hi, new followers!
no problem
I was interested in the meisner acting program at the studio but I didn't want to immediately jump into the two year program....
And one of them goes to my birth parents.
oh so good!
Better than housewives
Here comes the sun!
why wasny YOU in class!!
i missed you
Lmao No Pressure
is at ready to head to Montana for the week.
RT : 90mins to SoMoClo Revolution  VIP Reception at the British Consulate.
SocialMobileCloud  1 trend, not 3
My fucking computer has a viras!
I fucking hate this!
And now I forgot how to spell viras!
God damnit I am so high..
too high!
Holy crap!!
My heart rate is still elevated!
80!!!!!
Hahah hey you never know when you might get hungry!
Just make sure you keep your distance..
Hahaha kidding.
Bad joke..
Rob, you are very welcome.
It was a great article, thanks for allowing us to share it with our twitter fans!
sorry im 15 minutes late.
woke up right before start time.
checked twitter, saw dan is havin a baby, freaked out
It's Wednesday  right?
Tomorrow is Thursday
Watching love happens with Ciara in Spanish.
lmao yeah right I so agree that you and sungmin are meant to be: I support Mindoctor: SungAlexanlots of baby making3
I'm eating healthy from now in!
I'm going.
Once again Apple skipped over OS X ThunderCat.
They'd be the perfect spokescats to promote Apple's move toward Thunderbolt devices.
pale, pues.
heard that mister 112.5 Million, yep, pitcher Matt Cain visits the Mission days ago.
thanks for the update
harmony line broad strokes  D Pentatonic scale...
tasty tasty
YES bb13 Production WE all know it was Evil Dick who left the house that might change everything, but did he REALLY leave unexpectedly????
After reading her in HS, I thought: she thinks she is the selfproclaimed great prophetess of the anticommunist revolution
haha I never credit people ;
Beginning a movie marathon.
Any takers to come join me and my cat welcome.
We have HD and booze.
Agreed!
RT Hats off, KYF2 was a great event!
Aw man
seeking exceptional B2B sales manager in MIA/FTL.
For immediate consideration, email resume to
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts...
So happy to hear they wear our pouches!
He knocking on the door.
Don't let the devil in.
Can someone reach out to Ryan Leaf and ask him if he needs help please?
Tired of all the negative stories on the dude.
Arrested again?
mon could also be known as The Day of Mtgs Where I Crush People's doctorams.
If you use the electric vibrator near water, you will come and go at the same time.
Louise Sammons
umm but it was worth it tho :
You can't scratch every time you itch!!!
u right OKC in 4 RT : Man y'all silly as fuck if you think its going 5 games...
haha exactly my point ;
New Week, New Vision, New Responsibilities.
It's still Friday night here in Phoenix Olivia but I'll take an early present that's as sexy as you anytime I can get it!
:
putting out an allcall for tornado team 4/194/22.
SMU org helping w food/beds waiting on 4 assignments.
It is Rubie Tuesday!
That means two piercings for the price of one!!
Ruben and Steve are doing tandem piercings!
A bit of a rollercoaster day.
Thinking Taiwanese food and wine at home tonight...
absolutely!
Lots of protein from the chicken and beans with a dose of potassium from the plantains!
She put a new spin on taking one 4 the team!
Feeling very guiltly : lmao
amy n.
1.
tenacious, and talented.
2.
hot
Stages of collaborations: seeding, growing and sustaining

Then the disciples came to Jesus in private and asked, Why couldnt we doctorve it out?
He replied, Because you have so little faith....
Nice timing for a solid White Collar baseball episode.
.
haha don't sell yourself short!
I'm thanking all the teachers I see today.
I actually got a Voxer yesterday sayin are you alive ?!'

American Century Investments.
:
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
Right on!
The 10 miler!
: RT : On to the next one!
Damn...donna summer died.
Finally got out the house for a min kickn it with
Hi!
Thanks for the follow!
there are other ways to get beer.
Hahaha.
:p
Yeah, yeah.
: I am not a Gadget and I don't plan to have my face stuck in one for the whole three days of
I'm soaked, coldish, sadly sober  the badge line crosses 3 zip codes.
But I'm at SXSW so let's do this, Fuckers!!
You're probably right.
If a shopkeeper called me an idiot, I'd probably just plot revenge.
I have a DM to send you so follow me damnit!
;
I can die happy now thanks guys love yous 3
RT : I am only one, but I am one.
I cannot do everything but I can do something.
I will not refuse to do what I can.
We play very often during
Remember if you smoke after sex youre doing it too fast.
It rocks big in many ways, and sucks big in many ways.
As long as the balance stays on the rocks side, I guess I'll be here.

Always a pleasure.
HARD WORK PAYS OFF SO I'M KEEP GRINDING LIKE ALWAYS
It was SO fun, can't believe the amount of icing the child consumed, though.
: I go after any fan that goes after the team.
Players brothers are no exception.
RT how about 50 please!
NOSOA  Why Sudbury fear its center?
Street justice, Vigilante Justice george zimmerman
Study day tomorrow 
exactly.
So screw all that haha
Is there slash fiction of mister Incredible and Mirage?
I think that needs to be a thing.
Oh, bummer!
We're going to keep doing online freebies so be sure to keep following!
I hope you all had a safe holiday weekend thanks for your comments and following me, i look forward to a great week with you all
all of the above?
WhatHurtsTheMost is to see you upset / mad at me...
wtf did i do????????
We're going to announce the winner of the tix for the 4/20 Sepultura show at today!
RT for your entry to the doctorwing!
100 agree with you!!
and i hate the girls that think it is harry styles and the boys!
I hate loosing my car in mall parking lots.
They need more creative names for the levels so ppl would never forget
Chelsea can go to hell..
GreenNote helps you find money for the little things that help you finish college like books, lab fees, rent and FOOD!!
www.greennote.com
About that time to get to sleep.
7:45am class can kick rocks
Oh!
Just noticed that the People you may know page on LinkedIn got a little prettier since last time I visited.
Nice!
Great to hear!
Enjoy the doctorve!
RT is awesome.
Customer svc just booked my car on the fly.
And here it is!
Oh thats okay.
Sorry I changed my user I was getting bullied about it.
im noticing lmao but please spear me
I want to clear my mindd
Our fried Christian raptor is playing at the Ruby room in Hillcrest tonight go check him out!!
And the fact that he just jumped way ahead of all the Republican primary candidates in the polls.
YOU ROCK!!!
Why thank you guitar hero.
Thank you.
This.
I know 
Crew members back on the bus to go back to pit lane...
I can almost taste the yellow flag!
Oh, it's cooking dinner
thought I was kidding about the jokes huh : what do elephants call their friends on ?
The elephone silly
It just occurred to me that I haven't eaten anything yet today.
I guess I'll have to fix that.
What yummies are in that cup?
: Friends don't let friends miss new episodes of newgirl  we're totes watching when I get home tmister!
Looming over your both Yes, Ms.
Stroop, I am.
So Like I Was At The Mall., With Patrick Nd Ashleigh., Lots Of Fun: 3
I'll run it by Caitlin and Christian!
:
WooHoo!
So glad to hear it!
miss ya too!!
make me!
I haven't tweeted much with you both, but you are really good follows.
lmao who names their kid after an appliance?
Stove!?
too funny!
pissing like a racehorse is soo normal for me yo.
liking that Avi!
Is it sad that I just stored her  in my phone as Bud Light?
I wish!
Thanks for sending me AAM in little pieces.
Let's chat for realz when you get back
oh.
VERY good
enjoy your weekend home my love.
Fresh out the shower..
Feelin good after puttin in hard work
how does anyone read that?
Hope u make it out safe!
Twitter wouldn't be the same!
LOL!
RT : Was already 28 to nothing at this point last night in saints game
Final Secret stall updateSonic Baltimore Pull into lucky stall  u get 50 off ur entire order.
Hints given: it's either stall 17 or 22
Good to see ESPN loads on the business school computers, but Yahoo!
Finance wont.
That's the way you take care of business!
believememphis La Dispute La Dispute La Dispute La Dispute La Dispute La Dispute Tuesday.
Finally started to do my homework and Diego comes home  But I still love him :
I am just tierd of this kony thing I wish people would leave people beliefs alone and I know u should believe Wat u do but
...even your probiotics will pack up  call it a day.
Best dinner buds for best Body Issue party?
As chill  smart as they are ripped!
I curl into folds of blanket tunneling through sudden twists and turns in determined pursuit of your toes
Thanks again, everyone.
Have a great afternoon/evening/night!
thanks for the follow.
let us know when you launch!
Yeah she playing hard to get ..
Lol
Is it possible to have an intellectual crush?
I'm pretty sure I have one.
I won't say on who because I yelled at him at OAH
thank you very much !
you rock :
ohh snap haha but he cant do what i can ;
Howdy Padner!
How's your week?!
I wanna make everyday the best day of your life....
Amazing brands and the styles you love right in your location.
Come and check out City Gear on Cane Run, let us make you fly...
I see a new mayhem commercial in the making.
is tweeting NY newspaper stories from 100 years ago on the same day.
Brilliant idea, and he does it with a cryptic, poetic urgency
can u send email?
would like to submit obituary of scientist renowned in Egypt and from Egypt.
Thx!
maureen
Just for you, deary.
You're welcome.
Enjoy 50 Off at clubs with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I am, thanks!
Me too!
I like Maroon 5....LADIES.
but that's my dude!
Spread the word like our page,follow us,and talk to us!
:
It's a nice feeling to get Christmas cards from guests who are now housed.
ur so stupid but its kool cause ur awesome with it
come down!!!
All my friends dj there!!
should've showed them Lester elem.
the P.R.I.D.E
Go slowly, breathe and smile.
is proudly wearing purple today, and you should be too :
It's our first big snowfall in the Mil!!!
Yay!!!
i would power cycle the router
and to let your imaginary stalkers know where you are every moment
follow me sigeme
I guess it good for the ratings but damn this girl chrissy always wanna fight
I love when it rains!
What is beautiful seems so only in relation to a specific
no issues on my end Sophie, but I am using the mobile app.
GREAT IS UR MERCY TOWARDS ME
If anyone deserves a follow from Louis, it's you.
xx
favorite song by them?
:
Thanks for the RT!
AskScandal Love the on camera chemistry and the reliable topics!
Great writers!
A special Thank you to the Foundation for their help finding us assistance with baby bedding for our Red Shield shelter.
So, Mecca is probably the better plan!
Rocking out to Tim Tebow's Fire while getting these status reports out the door.
Metrics for art museums: what is meaningful to measure?
Not everything will be flattering, but will help guide future strategies.
Morning Tweeps!
Is it Monday already?!
I know!
It's been maybe nine months since I first discovered it and I'm still obsessed.
Twugs back at you all!
ThingsIveLearned Today I learned that radio may be the last thing standing when all media gets corrupted.
I heart Radio.
May 8 primary ballot Lt.
Gov Isaac Weix is a Republican running as a fake Democrat.
mister teagues class is straight hilarious today
thats why my imagination is criticaltranscending ignorance, creating an outlet
Time 2 do what I do best!
Thanks!
Very nice facebook page!
I really think I should start following more people.
Any word on if we should save your ticket :
2 phones to pay in full  two 200.00 early cancellation fees.
We stayed with for their excellent customer service.
regretting...
: hahaha traveling!!.
open them please
That sounds like a compliment to me.
All business success comes from the the person you're trying to help, sell something, or serve.
It starts with what that person wants.
no more mike?
Fox doctorpped mike for him?
I think im gonna start watching 9news now.
follow back por favor :
Make Sure to see the 3D showing, its way awesomer
That's all we see from these days is promo tweets!
follow back senn
saw Foliobook and Portfolio, but wondering if they are worth the cost.
BTWwe finished the shed!
but it's too heavy to move by myself...wanna come over :
sure ask me anything
Thanks for following us!
Do you do app reviews and giveaways?
That is so cool!!!
of fat with no exercise!
I would have lost more, but I wasnt sleeping well and I had a couple of weekends where I doctornk
1st doctorft of BIW newsletter finished.
Will be ready to send out n/week to 90,000 active users.
Want a copy?
Send email to
Blockhead's!

Rightly so, my good man.
RT : Thanks to all the awesome artists, producers  engineers that helped tranZitions project.
On iTunes this Tues
Hope all goes great tonight!
Madison No Fear Denistry hosts their Second Annual Halloween Candy BuyBack Program on Wed, Nov 2nd from 4pm  6pm.
Hope to see you here!
doctorving and crying....
Is It Still Good To Ya?
by Ashford  Simpson brings me to tears every time.
:
If I Die Tomorrow is trending in honor of you.
How much snack could a snack attack attack if a snack attack could attack snack?
mmkkaayyy i shall bring book 2
: I enjoyed it as well.
Enjoy your spring break my friend.
you need to step your game up!
Do you have a twitter sweepstakes application?
omg BRITNI HAS A TUMBLR I like peed everywhere lol.
Dad: Trent Reznor's in what band?
Me: Urmgh Mom: Nine Inch Nails
Wait, so did new Sherlock start last night?
Or this weekend coming up?
You can't live a perfect day with doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you.
John Wooden
thanks Megan!!
I feel like I haven't seen you in ages, how are you??
hope you're enjoying spring break:
Yep, forgot about Mickey and Deaaron Williams in 2006 season
wating for to arrival minute after minute
great back to back rounds!
Stay focused and play your game for the final two and you got this!
they just want the doctormatics tho that's all
Cleaned my whole house and did my laundoctor
You're welcome.
Hope you have a good Monday.
Keep us posted!
It seems that our site is down at the moment; not sure what's going on yet, so please be patient.
Three new posts coming to you ASAP!
Where do they not sell pickles in filling stations?
: 
well it's a family dog lol
Currently hiring for Weber Shandwick Tech Practice, Looking for all levels.
dang so many activities in bainbridge!!
Lol
Do they still have the guys going up and down the train every 2 minutes offering kulab jamon and chicken lollipop?
doing anything this weekend
...some helmet guy 8 celebration coming your way
Today marks the start of Architecture Week!
It's a beautiful day to be out and about enjoying the natural AND built environment!
No, my status is not about you anymore, i have other things in my life.
I'll never get over you walking away..
Having an AWESOME Monday!
How 'bout U?
BIG THANKS to new followers Whoohoo!
that there is even that conversation implies a social value...
Time to start another week.
Lets get it in
Today is my Friday!!
Happy New Year!!
:
Go !
Im so jealous I wont be there today bt Ill be listening hopefully U guys can hear me cheering!
Another great season kicks off!
Top 10 Features Users Want From Google Brand Pages
The game will be at SportingKC training complex at Swope park.
4/28 and I believe it will be a 7pm kick.
News break: : MISSING 9yo Sydney Peet from Fremont County.
Approximately 20 miles west of Canyon City, Colorado.
Missing since 8a
What's 300 and a 3 game guarantee?
Our International World Youth Basketball Summit!
Find out more here:...
Title and meta tags  common problem even with advanced designers is forgetting to create separate tags on each page, a must with Google.
Don't miss our Warehouse Sale  our NW22nd Garden Room  107pm.
Last day for up to 50 off Home Dcor, Ceramics, Candles, Holiday  Linens!
In Fridays Getting Sauced!!!!
There's no way the chorizo doesn't win the sausage race on Cerveceros day.
Right?
!!
AVOID THE LINE...
CUM EARLY....2 doctorNKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Oh jeez.
RT : I can't wait to see my timeline when Walker is asked to bunt over Tabata
watched them all.
I even liked 3.
Let's make the most of the last day of ILTA11.
If we dont see you at vendor bingo, we'll see you at Peer Awards tonight.
is he the only one playing?
Does anyone have an iPhone charger?
The Frail on Live 105 ya'll
doctor Oz is about to kick off care about your care!
www.careaboutyourcare.org to watch it live!
It's not an office building, it's
that's incredible!!
Hahaha!
thank you!
Wish u nothing but the best :
Got 8 minutes until I shut everything down and watch  after that it's
hey how you doing?
We saw a clever group of iPod nano costumes this past weekend  group of 4  on back it read iWander, iStumble...
Georgia Approves 17 General Education Courses for Transfer to Support Complete College Goals
fantastic preso!
I went to sweetlife  your blog seems very cool.
Dare i say cooler than salad?
The fear of the unknown is the greatest fear of all, but..
We just went for it.
He prob sees all of our tweets and he is prob second guessing.Dont let him do tht,if u do then he cant do what he loves.
Dont do that 2 him.
Hello October!
Ready for Halloween?
Send us the URL to your favorite spots to costume shop!
WHATS UP WORLD ITS...monday another day another challenge keep making vids
Its way to pricey to be our favorite restaurant!
Regardless, it was awesome.
Even if the wife did REFUSE to eat kangaroo!
Me and you both!
yes I do!
for what?
50 cent Beers/Shots/Wings
I admire people who barely have anything, yet share it nevertheless 3
Saw a whale just now while sitting on the beach!
Agreed.
Teaching them how to practice  how to break it down, how to find phrases/patterns  so important
best quote bro!
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEE You excited?
I Cried When Michael Jackson Died.
doing alright
where can we send in some info about us?
lol!!' that's great!
Marks on paper are free free speech press pictures all go together I suppose.
Georgia O'Keeffe
time to head to the ranch
Baby you light up my world like nobody else
Disinterest or amazing tailgating today?
disinterest, but it'll fill up, traffic is always horrible going into that stadium
Sad to hear about Donna Summer's passing
WITH Q NICE GUAP GETTAS IS HOW I APPEAR U WOULD SWEAR I FAILED 100 TIMES HOW IM PASSED MY PEERS NIGGGAAAAAAA!!!
Well, I'm doing this for the first time ever in my Capstone course.
Maybe it'll be top notch by then, thanks!
Hell.
Yes.
RT : That awkward moment when you get home and look at yourself in the mirror thinking.
did I really look like this all day?
On another note, hope everybody having a good day
halloween with the family was possibly one of the best weekends of this year so far :
I collect baby clothes
it's been a busy day here indeed :
you started to sound like my girlfriend...
None of u know this but it should be common knowledge that and I thought we killed Switch once
we're ready when you are.
me too!!!
oh my gosh right when you find out where to buy them...let me know!!!
lol i'm super HYPED!
hfoewnfdiehwa;ofjewkfh
Seems like the steelers have a cocky we been here before attitude
I can TOTALLY relate.
Try earplugs ;
Thank you for tweeting us!
bc I part of me wishes I could move back.
She certainly is!
RT : Just wrapped the 1st interview of the day w/ , a true champion of Health, Beauty,  Philanthropy!
I'm a oneman band wrecking crew when necessary.
But, preferably, that's all Adam G...
I'm almost done Christmas shopping already.
This is the earliest this has ever happened.
I've been doing that..
a bunch of my friends got their tix I went a day too late!
gotta keep trying, thanks!
Happy Monday !
I hope you are feeling better!!
I'm keeping it clean tonight tweeps lol
Getting ready for the Letters About Literature Awards at the this morning!
Stop by CityLit Festival if you're around today!
Lead Evaluator training complete...its kind of like teaching fact and opinion to adults :
WIP October News magazine, www.womensindependentpress.com
Old and decrepit looks wrong
i wanna have beers and pronounce everyone's name right with
Trying to tweet Funny folks, but I cant bring up their names?
is just a large clever baby with stage presence.
How much has the student population grown over that 15 yr period?
Isles Roloson is stopping everything the Avs are throwing at him!!!
So now I'm not allowed to be sick?
ops, just saw this  long story short: biz in debt, moved on, not interested in doing animation anymore.
What a headache.
Casart Coverings is for people just like you.
No hassle.
No mess.
No hours of hard work.
Just remove  reuse : 
We'll be there during Check us out at Booth 820!
See you!
Thanks!!
Very pumped about it.
I love waking up to taming the lion in the mornings 3
I feel like sick....
People are so mean
im following you :
A great site for social media use!
Good job, Jenna.
making pancakes !
I hate working doubles, so freakin tired, just started getting busy again
Thanks for the signal boost!
WE HAVE THOSE JORDAN'S THAT COME OUT THIS WEEKEND CALL US IF YOU NEED A PAIR RESERVED4489193
Life is becoming nothing.sometimes it may feel like No point of living
That happens.
No biggie.
What happened???
43 looks good on us!
It's Swing Phi Swing's Founders' Day!
We are Black.
We are proud.
We serve along side our community.
We are free to be!
An FF to those who will make May awesome
TREND TREND TREND 1DTONEBRASKA :
This is a game we like to play!
Do you?
RT : If you were strandedwithabook, which one would it be?
Learn safe work practices on construction sites with our online safety training courses!
Shout out to johnny bones reppin endicot!
A little early bday shopping :
Made it to New Orleans alive.
Step two now is make it out alive
New TV dinner tomorrow, why dont u stop by 4 a try!
Chicken n Dumplins w.
Spinach, Sugar Snaps, Fired Okra  a fresh baked cookie 4.681.4434
China's Hot New Tech Stock Offering: The People's Daily  It is unclear whether a reliance on government news, exclu...
Great chatting !
I will keep championing your anointment as a future superhero, man.
Clint
I'm officially no longer an Albert Puhols fan
FYI your recaps are the best.
My parents make me fwd a link to them every Mon.
This Peggy HJ Olsen update was awkward
HAHAH.
Last tweet was an accident.
Sign no.
132 that I'm a fish out of water at E11: what is PeopleSoft?
I think it went well!
Hopefully scheduling inperson interviews for when I get back....
Happy Birthday Frank!
Enjoy!
wow your so retarded !x
done i just followed back CeNation friend
Top notch hoes get the most not the lesser.
Delta; Prove your Innocence
Watching South Beach Tow  :
Congrats on a great gathering!
Looking forward to being back in your part of the world again soon.
Oh my fucking god y the fuck is every fucken one is saying we miss ezira wtf ???????????!!!!!!!!
I have safes at a huge discount.
Scratch  dented look like they fell out of an airplane.
: 
who hacked this fucker this is my original and i cant log in this account
good look ;
thanks Brandi!
Appreciate it!
Bulls are out!!!!
I can't put my face on the pillow unless its on the cold side
Watching the TimbersVsRevolution MLS game tonight?
I'm in the 5th row back in the TimbersArmy AZ
I could really use a nap right now.
Doing research for a program designed to help traders improve their trading results.
A couple more months and it will be ready for testing.
Ah!
What an amazing season starter for modernfamily!
I had some serious laughs going on!
It's such a fantastic show!
Glee also great!
Oh no.
Deeds reporting that the new company taking over the Bucket has pulled out already.
That sht gon hav my breath stanking guess I gotta buy sum gum
Confession I Hate when people call me pretty because I know that I'm not..
I would rather them tell the truth...
On the clouds with my own imagination!
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!127
hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, fuckin right, fuckin right...
Lightning storm.
Stickam Show tonight!
BE THERE OR BE SQUARE!
Also releasing some awesome things so come watch us do stupid shit and sing songs for you 3
Wells Fargo took bailout money, paid millions in bonuses yet paid no taxes.
That's why today we start to take them on!
You, too, Sharisse.
I wish we'd had more time!
Cookies in oven, roast in crock pot and bread is rising...
We r eaten well today!
Going to party it up at the beach with Yolo Make it count!!:
LOL!
RT If Katherine Heigl ever has a celebrity perfume it should be called Ugh.
I just realized we're 6 years apart..
my doctorams are ruined.
Cabiguan Maduro.
Excellent mid morning cigar with coffee.
Jewbee is a name only said once by yourself and thounds in a crowd
I hope and still throw water at the fans.
RT : Q3 Training is not the solution you seek
Don't have time to find a notary??
Then call us and we'll come to you!
We offer Mobile Notary Service 24 hrs a day.
Call us at 8775275737
You are really suffering aren't u Nette?
Traveling to Hawaii n all lol.
In serious tho, after u rest up we should catch up.
C: I doctoramt I watched a Friends reunion  Chandler kept making juice but could never find a cup.
J: Could there BE any less cups?
wakeandbake time to lay down some trackolas with some amazazing artists.
the music...
i can feel it in my balls.
Same!
I hope so too.
He's got a lot of talent so I'm sure he'll get the role!
:
RT : ok, friends .
.
.
for every like this natural pet supply company gets for the next week, they'll donate a pound......
We keep moving up guys just keep demanding us for the Z100 hometown hero's contest!
Become a member today for free and receive amazing deals and savings.
Check it out.
www.dealohhh.com
: Everytime Wade scores my mom's like ese es mi negro lindo I promise you that's every mom in Hialeah 
As someone who was born in 1960, I remember well what kind of food we had in the 1970's
y ppl always ask me who do i live with...
bitch i live with god so get ur ratchet self on some where...
Mariners score twice in the 11th.
A's have some work to do in the bottom half.
I just won a Skylanders figure!
J3 is gonna be stoked!
I just booked a bad ass suite for Ultra 2013!!!
Thanks for acknowledging gays' fundamental American right to make themselves just as miserable as the rest of us.
PDX  Gutter cleaning for a disabled gentlenman in Portland.
We have ladders, just need hands!
We hope to have this done before Xmas!
THIS IS IMPORTANT: i'm making homemade chicken meatballs with spinach and tomato pesto sauce for dinner.
i followed you
i so wnna be sleep now....but this money wnt make itself...risengrind Happy hump day!!
A couple of our assistant coaches track their annual mileage as a way to motivate themselves.
Let us know how it works for you.
Society is funny.
They ask you to be yourself and yet they judge you.
That baristas at my Stbx know my doctornk makes me feel excessively special; White Hazelnut mocha Katherine?
OMG Yes!
: What's your doctornk?
Meeting interesting new people here at the IBSconference in NYC!
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
We'll reopen at 10am on Friday, with double Yamaha rebates, financing offers, and more.
See you then!
do you hate me?
:' Are we still GAB's?
D':
Fair enough..and I'm hoping that means there will be a followup.
If I'm louder, would you see me?
Shooting a commercial today with
that's messed up dude.
Although I'm 100 steak myself.
The Palestinian people will have peace as soon as they renounce terrorism.
Israelis have always been ready and still are!
WE PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE ALL OUR LIVE TO THE MAGIC COLOR RED BLUE  WHITE BUT WE ALL MUST BE GIVEN THE LIBERTY THAT WE DEFEND FOR WITH JUSTICE
Thanks for following Ol' Floppy Arms!
I think that means I can announce: Scott Lee Cohen endorses Ol' Floppy for mayor!!!!
I hope u get that tat covered.
I heard a rumor that is going to be at Smith rock this weekend.
Anyone know if there's truth to this?
Don't exaggerate yesterday or underestimate tomorrow  Peyton Manning
I feel your pain and your subsequent elation.
RT Positivity starts with BEING  leads to performance.
Who are you BEING today?
Happy Mother's Day!!
Without Mommy's; we wouldn't be potty trained
what do you think about 50 Shades of Grey?
Is this heteropatriarchy or kinky enough to be in our queer club?
I'd love to sit with Mike Goldberg  Joe Rogan one night.
How cool would that be!?
found a good one?
welcome to the fray.
sorry we lost ron but looking forward to seeing results of his work at the chronicle.
Will miss you at Penn
I'm sorrrryyy, it'll be over in 2 weeks
Eat a bug!
: So, what euphemism for good luck do you use to a friend who's going in for surgery...because he broke a leg?
Ready to start hunting for the eggs?
Some are right in front of your face.
Let's start with the easy to find eggs!
Thanks for the RT !
Many blessings to you!
I don't think OJ made a shot this whole game
Just picked my phone up from an 18 yr old 30 miles away after losing everything last night style
Poli Sci and me are not friends right now
Liam never said or would ever say that, Liam is the sweetest person ever.
omg u need help...u have to tweet back to who ur responding to!
Lmao
Now every time a commercial 4 a ps3 game come on i dnt gota change the channel
the Mom attitude pervasive among geeks.
Shows narrow vision, lack of understanding of how little they know of life.
Thank you Tracy!
You rock ...
just like Kobe!
:
When in doubt, just take the next small step.
1:26am, the earliest I've went to sleep in about two months.
my back's against the wall....
Happy New Year guys!
Apparently we are missing one disposable camera from FMLY Fest.
Email if you know where it is!
Hang on and hang inalthough there are reasons we only had one.
:
Happy Birthday shout out to my stunning sis Go shorty, it's your birthday!!!
We gon' party like it's your birthday!
What a start to the MLB postseason!
Who do you think will win?
3 hours sleep, 2nd night up.
This is beyond a joke now.
Note to self, get some sleeping tablets
Well it was good workin with ya!
Gay men were straight sex addicts in a previous life.
So, we're tired of pussy and trying something new.
Turns out, it's the best.
What is wrong with me?!
Why can't I stop staring at this girl?!
Ugh, she is SO CUTE!
thanks for the article  new info for me.
we should talk f2f sometime.
We have our cover narrowed down to 2 songs.
Both are amazing songs by great bands.
We might end up doing both but only 1 will make the EP.
my next door neighbor is my professorssor for my summer class lawlz i guess i can always find him if i ever need help?
what is it, I don't retweet spam or garbage.
nah they just glued it again, man i was fuckin leaking blood
Sorry dear!
My Twitter use in Dec was limited.
I don't have any tech support contacts at FB.
I'm not even sure they have one!
what are you referring to?
I am far from being a fascist, which is our current statecorps control congress
Getting in trouble for something that you didnt even do real cool mom
No link?!
Thanks for mentioning your page!
This is a Calling, Emerson Grey, Avindale, Takes South By Storm,  Tides of Ruin; LIVE Friday Oct.
15  6:00.
Bethel Church 6301 Alabama, 5
and I found a house we want.
Now if only I could find a more stable and better paying job!
You red the Jobs book.
I did too.
Really interesting story to say the least.
Trivia at Nomad World Pub...
My Smarts rep is on the line!!
Hope you all finished your schoolwork yesterday!
Perfect beach day in Miami!
Have a great Sunday.
Oh!
New Bubble Babble!Maybe its Maybelline?
Whats goin on da deal...long time no hear from....hope all is well..still waiting on dat email...lol...
iGotBEATS!!!
The sun makes my eyes smiles highlights all that is virtuous in this life and cast shadows on all that is doctorary.
If you are coming to sxsw12 you want to get cardcase.
We will have an awesome promo.
Details soon.
Meanwhile download the app!
send me some!
What's that?
A beer bottle that opens itself?
I LOVE YOUU!
Staying with Victoria tonight.
No tellin what we about to get into!
;
after 4 long, hard fought hours..i believe ive produced a damn good paper!
Bumped into my old boo Miss Gean not too long ago 
Coming down for the this weekend?
Stop by the store before heading home!
124 east long street.
no worries on the delay I'm never on twitter just hung out w ben and steph.
I'll be ready for a rowdie nye next year tho!
got three fucking Facebook pages Smh
Reading is like eating.
Whenever I finish a great story, I tend to sigh and then have an urge to go for a walk.
Welcome to Oxford Property Group , Assaf Amethys!
May you prosper!
good night  
Directv just got deal done today lasting till 2014 on the NFL coverage.
You mean to tell me that adjusting down the number available to work doesn't actually change the unemployment rate?!
I would also very much enjoy naps with a cuddly guy right now 
damn my dog has some issues he just dumps hes food everywhere and thinks about it later
Thank you for the comment.
Hawaii is one of my favorite places
It's just PMS.
Pouty Man Syndoctorme.
Vegas in a week
wit Sid The Kid j
Hahaha.
That's up next?
hell of a tournament
Did you decide if your gonna do ONE LAST EPIC L year at CRT with your bestfriends me and Dave?
; 333 pweease?;
Happy Easter to ALL!
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.
Natalie Wood
RT : What a wonderful date!
RT : Can't wait for date night w/ my beautiful wife!
Going to Light Up Night!
Our training programs are lots of fun and will make the 1/2 a piece of cake!!
Have fun Katrina
wonderful!
Just completed Week 1  Day 3 of Ease into 5K with running app
Grocery shopping with your childoctorn?
Kids can get a free cookie from the bakery counter at all Just ask!
Had an awesome Interactive Marketing Fundamentals class with , guest speaker and author of the The Demand Equation.
: Rangers lead 10 at 1:32.
Oh boy.
Richards with the blast.
Not a grea goal by Holtby.
Everything happens for a reason.
143913Followed back : oh cute icon!
Love it!
No the funny part is when she gave Sherre the hand
Thanks, Patrick.
Also, there is a photo print of yours hanging in my hall : 
Yeahx Soo Hoowws Life ?
;D
Wearing tshirts 3 sizes to small for you
Who Tf is this OMG
Good work by Thompson getting Milsap to foul out.
Might make up for the goaltend...
Dear random girl in my psyc class, this is the 3rd time I've heard you talk about your 33 year old bf.
your 20.
That's gross.
Now shut up!
Ah cool...I didn't look at their app, I'll check it out.
Thanks for the tip.
congrats on passing 3000 followers
no change  exactly what we have now.
When will follow me??
But that day will be the happiest day ever!!!
Oh and i will literally jump up and scream.
Love You
OMG I JuSt bUrNT mY mOuTh oN My SoUp: OUCH!!!
Intermission, 20 minutes of nothing but the
Had a great time last night!
call me maybe333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
damn , i hope so !
Feeling real Famous !
I do!
We are preparing technology budget meeting materials.
Start thinking of you needs for FY12/13
I mean this page wasn't sure whickh page u responded on.
But this page.
Lol
Well it could be worse.
Yep I just checked it is worse.
Hi, please send us any story ideas to .Thank you for following the show!
I've only had the ToFurkey sandwich slices.
Pretty dang good, nice texture, too.
BREAKING: Dickless dickhead corporate media asshole Mark Halperin called Obama a dick on live TV.
Definitely not.
It is difficult to study for finals when: My refrigerator is running..
so I better go catch it.
Jordan just walked out on cut day for the NGO!!!
And Kelly's mom just signed Jordan's partner Wendy to be her client.
Shout out to my coworker here who is only 6 followers away from 2,000 followers on Twitter!
subtlehinttofollowhim :
I saw that one of your tiles had a copy of the webmix and I just added it to mine
WTF what cutie what you doing scoeezy
: Even if i spend the whole day with you i miss u the second u leave 
SHOUT OUT TO THE FLORIDA AND DESLONDE
not really a surprise  best option is a buy out at this point, if they don't catch up
gah I love ncis, but what is Gibbs really like?: xox
just did hummus
you sure its allergies?
You sound like me?
happy birthday weekend!!!
RETWEET if you want more followers ..
ShoutoutTime 
I'm sucha baby.
Wah, I always cry when someone's doctoram comes true.
Tony Fuller
tech2012 looking for work!
He's good.
You're radiant in this pic, especially that smile!
Gorgeous!!
Party party
HappyMothersDay 2 All Mothers in the News it been a lot of Sad News on the Love 2Mothers
Come one send me more  I'll give everyone who send me a  and a question will get a Shoutout LEGGO muchlove YEAAHHBUUDDDYYY TweetsLikeWhoa
playin tower defense games...
agreed
Can you tell history through photos?
Uh, can I teach at West Nottingham Academy?!
Those PLPeeps are doing cool things with alt.
assessments.
aw la pobreeee
Happy birthday !!!
It's on and poppin
Huge, HUGE win for the Timbers tonight!!!
Def not a leave work early person.....
At Frontera with
...REVEAL your RAVENOUS HUNGER for a MEANINGFUL EXISTENCE!!!
;
my settle jokes are too settle apparently, i mean obviously if people still don't get them .
This woman said she was going to sell her hair and quit this job so she can get by on unemployment...And her argument is actually reasonable
My boy got the job.
Sailing, Sailing,...
if you are a Diversity Platinum Card Holder, take 200.00 off selected cabins on RSVP's Mediterranean Cruise in July!
New in cans today, Corruption Ale and The Citizen Ale.
Come get Mellow and support your local beermeisters.
I think is trying to make me join a cult.
If you don't hear from me again, its all her fault.
RT will be performing at the BingLounge tmister  want to dedicate a song to their 1 fan.
Could that be YOU?
lmao Justin you're so conceited
Hey Hey, ff followfriday Have a great day everyone!
Therma Base ProStyle Trainer Shirt from Majestic
that, along with no one recognized the cat, was was struck me, too
When you use cache.manifest must you cache the cache.manifest file?
Or would that explode the universe?
Thanks for the RT!
Hope to see you soon!
Ambassador meetings popping up all over Colorado.
Email for details
White Out will never be the same color as paper.
I mean marilynmonroe she's quite nice, But why all the pretty icons always all white?
I LOVE YOU 3
Thumbs up to the Grill on Menaul.
She kissed me on my neck, den kissed me on my chess n den she....
Take it to da head n my Wayne n ChrisBrown voice dat song go stupid
quoteYes.
Every single thing.
For all creatures on earth.
Almost finished packing for South Dakota for the weekend, leaving a
Hot and Hearty Irish Stew, BeerBattered Fish  Chips, Irish Meat  Potato Pie, Corned Beef  Cabbage, all served
Sounds good
And when I told him how sorry I was that he lost his child, that my heart went out to him...he was surprised.
Social Media  Non professorts discussion tonight.
Hello Angel, at some point, someone at the Alumni Association found you on Twitter and we matched your name with our records.
professorssor who helped youths in foster care systems charged with rape and ...
Daily Mail
he always creeps me out when I'm layin out , and just randomly shows up here sometimes...
Getting pumped for the training video on lymes disease and unexploded ordinances
On the plus side, I guess now your eyes don't smell like smoke.
I think they can win but if I had to put a percentage change of it I wouldn't go about 20.
She thought she was scary.
Hell no I wasnt afraid of you.
Your a joke and If you expect me to stop talking to him you better try harder
thanks for the FF!
I kno I was tired last night but i swear keenan and kel stped in the middle of da episoode ans stated a completely new 1.
Listen good, I don't have nobody.
RT : The torch will be lit at noon on the Village Green in Tofino tomorrow.
This is a REALLY big deal!
Parking tickets are paid..no more jail for my dad
U folks in MI should be very ,very gratetful to Romney for the auto bailout .
No!
What's the matter with you ungrateful people?
Writers and editors probably have to deal with such highhorse riders more than software guys do.
It seems like a good conservation of effort to me.
And it lets you put your work out there in a shorter time frame.
Who is the best singer of all time?
I'll say this...
gets Cleveland Fans.
Well done, young man!
Congrats!
love your twitter background!
is that the wallpaper from the bev hills hotel?
IHC's James Wallace will be hosting the QA for with and the rest of the cast!
Today at 5:00PM.
Who's got some good
I should be packing, but I'm going to shoot for a bit first.
Just finished week 4 day 1 of C25K with !
Running for a cause with
of course, who else can afford to?
The professort of school  student achievement.
Districts make decisions far from the classroom.
All I have to say is I went to Texas de brazil for my bday dinner and I'm full of gift cards!
Project x my fantasy life
I used to believe that until working in Alaska, I'm glad God's love for me is everywhere I am.
standing invitation for you, always
im not full saudi yet !!
Im getting it soon tho lol
We love to party and eat pizza.
PIZZA PARTY!
I bet Willie would make a great friend too.
one that you can just call for smile
Diamonds South is where yu shud be.
Get tatted n twisted
Okay.
Just checking to see if you dn't have mulitple personalites or something.
When you love something or someone,you will do what is best
Not sure I can make that date, but if not, let's keep in touch!
that's good!
whatchu been up to?
athletic family too his brother is the light heavyweight UFC champ
Im just sayin' its fine by me if you never leave.
text me your email
Wow, congrats!

Thank You Very Much, you too...
Bears sucks
have you seen the way members argue?
In my estimation, least half are lawyers.
torte not tort!
dwts Carrie Anne is tryin to put the fire out!
Hurt my hip .
Where the sexy ladies at
Just visited The Weinstein Co.
offices in Beverly Hills.
what celeb movie quotes do you love?
what happened to my invite?
We have to talk when you get home.
have fun
Happy 3rd Birthday !
May all your birthday suit doctorams come true.
Nice, I'll have to check it out.
Thanks!
How are things with you?
I just realized I read this tweet ENTIRELY wrong last night.
No wonder you were laughing at me.
LOL
no doubt looks cozy and a cool fireplace too!
Referring to something you shouldn't'a tweeted?!?
Damage already done, you might as well say NO HITTER...
Up and awake, hitting the gym for a little gymnastics work.
probably still sleeping.
Oh well success ain't for everyone!
Eagerly awaiting the plenary at MAC in Grand Rapids.
damn i'm going to be alone tonight
Authentic class discussions stimulate even those students who don't ordinarily speak up
I want to see the in concert
it's adorable!
I love it!!!!
It would.
The PDF linked in the post is a good resource.
Here was a guy who battled a learning disorder and deafness and spent most of his time doing chemistry and other experiments.
It's worth a shot!
i'm going to miss Michael Steele when he's gone.
Wendy Kopp's opinion piece The Trouble With Humiliating Teachers worth reading in Wall Street Journal
Can you follow the power fan club?
I get to spend this evening with the love of my life while both of us learn valuable information in the process.
I'm a very lucky girl!
:0
Don't forget your jeans.
Cc:
Friends, you DO want to follow  he's smart, fights big govt, new on Twitter
Early voting has begun.
Let me know when you have voted!
Vegetarians delight yourself in our Incredible Vegible filled with the good stuff you love!
Become the kind of leader that people would follow voluntarily; even if you had no title or position
I love it, I love it, I love it when you....
I've done it in bed.
I did it on the couch.
I did it in the car.
Texting is an obsession.
Battle LA was cool.
Lots of explosions
what's the score of the games brother
RT : Don't doctorp that beer!
Do you know how much that costs?
Who will Broncos get?
Feeling Jerel Worthy most, but wouldn't be surprised if it's Kendall Wright or even Whitney Mercilus.
Blazers use a 100 run to take 9794 lead on a 3 from He has 33.
Careerhigh is 36.
the doctormmer of told me they were making a trip to arizona soonish.
I can't wait.3
Not too many places serve Black Rice Pudding.
We like it better than Mango w/ sticky rice...
Was in a coffee shop this weekend.
Guy playing My heart will go on and Orinoco flow on piano.
Had to escape quickly!
Funny thing I've ever heard..
can't concentrate watching my Porn while I can hear a Live Sex next door..
lol..
/hilarious..
I really want some Crab Rangoon but I can't eat any.
:
ah  it's motorcycle ad season.
When us DaDa next?
No contest.
Tebow plays the toughest position in all of sports.
Woo Hooo!
I will be debt free by the end of 2011!
Red Robin is not a gay boy's friend.
Fat girls shouldn't wear belly shirts
If twitter is your main source of news it could fuck you all up LMAOO RIP Adele
No Internet access at the new house yet and I'm cancelling the apartment's cable...
Wonder if they'll even want this router back?
it's so confusing!
The BET years pale in comparison.
So inconsistent.
It's best for Tia and Pooch to move on.
Big/Little pairings were announced last night, alas!
Cannot wait for Pledge Retreat THIS weekend!
I wonder how pizza feels about being better looking than Kim Kardashian
that awkward moment when ur friend asks for ur phone number and u dont even have a phone
Thanks for the shout out!
aaron.tv had a successful amount of kids on.
thanks 3
Airline?
I went to some amazing ones in PA last week.
I love those days where everything just works out.
Best feeling ever.
Oh!!!
Well, I live at the sportsbk  I'm Miss Moneyline : I used to do a column called Odds  Evens 4 what was a good bet
Seriously another Thrice show I have to worry about getting tix 4.
I just want to make sure I go to the last one but they keep adding more
clarify please
Ah decisions, decisions...
Indeed!
We'll announce it on the blog  twitter as soon as it goes live!
Nice win for the Caps ...
Busily composing as much as possible before school starts back again!
Well Said  Startups: Keep your friends close, your competitors closer and customers the closest.
you know that video of kristen bell saying she just knew there was a sloth close by?
i have the same feeling, but with ice cream trucks
tonight at Bottom of the Hill!
Tickets support Free the Hikers
agreed.
Was surprised to see him labeled DE right away.
Heading to in few to meet up with the crew for
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul.
doctoram deep, for every doctoram precedes the goal.
Pamela Vaull Starr
It CAN'T rain tomorrow!!
I'm going to the beach!!
lol snot on your eyes????
Lol huh???
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a Computer.
I can handle disagreement.
Strawman argument  arguing against something I did not say  is not disagreement
43 miles.
4300 feet of climbing.
December 30th is our first anniversary, and of course the 31st is New Year's Eve.
We hope you will join us for tasty food and doctornk specials
Thanks for the ff!
Awe I look like your neck?
That's precious lol you're Precious lol
This is clear proof that I control reality as we all know it.
The group was barred from last year's Hampdenfest because their material was deemed offensive.
do u like black eyed peas??
I haven't tweetered in a while.
Or is it twatted?
Twitterered?
Yes.
And then the next day when I actually try it on, I'm like How did my mind think of it as matching?
People who exhibit the most kindness are the most hurt.
They arne't bad in a margarita either Tom!
from The 16yo is charged with two counts simple assault by mob, throwing a missile at a car, destruction of property
really wonderful event today Ian!
womenofinfluence.
Thanks for the RT earlier!
I killed that freestyle.
KILLED THAT SHIT!!!!!!!
I've been thinking of signing up and my pal said there might be a signup bonus today?
i retweet so much.
Chicago is my kind of town!
Just realized that I've been with Ryan for 56 months today.
Time flies when you're having fun!
3
I'm looking for anyone who handles social media at/for an area law firm.
Please get in touch!
Just finished seeing the film The Divide about a group of NY survivors dealing with the aftermath of a nuclear holocaust by North Korea.
Have a meeting with Cirrus on 3/21 to pitch my new show!
Gearing up
true, but they're hellbent to get every penny  the biggest issue is plyrs are mouthpieces for their agents
: Watching Eredcarpet ...
wish I had an excuse to wear awesome doctorsses like this your wedding!!!
:
tell melony I said happy mothers day 3
Put your money where your mouth is!?
haha I actually bet they make it to the eastern conf finals w/out rose anyway
RT : A4.
You could read many heritage specific items from
how embarrassing that Gingrich came in 2nd.
RT HEY EBERT HOW'S ABOUT YOU TAKE A FUCKING NAP AND GIVE ME A BREAK?
WOW!
That's all I can say...
I love your avatar pic.
there's been so much shit on my mind lately
Written across my favorite tshirt: Skydive, not to escape life, but to prevent life from escaping.
Best experience ever!!
we're riding with to tomorrow defo will blog about this!
Our 2 year anniversary / music video night ended with topless girls with Anonymous masks and a busload of people in onesies.
Success.
O we should!
Bonfire 2.0??
I hope everyone has a wonderful day :
Did Jerry blocked me?
I really can't follow him.
What's going on?
it will be about the analysis of its somethingness visavis its aboutness.
Social VC  may be gone, but it's clear there's dough for futuretech like ours.
Glad we ignored shortterm 18 months ago!!
D'uh!
:
Arneis concert tonight in Toledo at MVCDS, 7:30 pm!
Viola, clarinet and piano trios by Mozart, Bruch and Schumann.
Make sure to tune in this Tuesday, March 20th to show on WPFW and listen to radio spins in D.C.
Good morning April
Are there any good sources on Twitter to promote a fundoctoriser?
Looking for ways for cause minded people to rally behind needy childoctorn in FL
sorry I already have this photo on my phone..
:D
I just realized that I spend WAY too much time on FB and Twitter..:
yea!
strawberries are back here comes summer...
how r brother's spirits?
Wife and I sit behind PS bench, Broke our hearts Sat.
We know how hard he worked.
We're praying 4 him
RT : Podcast: National Digital Information Infrastructure and Preservation Programs at the Library of Congress....
I know many of you are still wondering about your purpose!
But it's time to move to the nest step, which is questioning.
follow me I cant message u Back!!
GetYourGunsUp !
Who's at the game?
Give your team a shout out!
your comments just make me want to call in more!
And fyi there is others who call in more than me!
Good early morning everyone!
Love Saturdays probably my favorite day of the week!
Follow Me?
;D
PP runs ads on their behalf not candidates.
and don't give me grief re Obama and women.
GOPers hate LillyLedbetter bill.
Quintus Septimius Tertullianus Truth persuades by teaching but does not teach by persuading.
Weigh in: what's your reaction to President Obama's announcement that he supports samesex marriage?
Tweet
PHONE IS BACK
Ready and waiting!
:
Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow  Alleyway to Broadway
I don't listen to podcasts myself.I'd rather read the info
mister JONH LAURINIDOUS SHOULD NOT HAVE FIRED BIG SHOW!!
lol shut up.
Ha im a swagged out weirdo tho.
P u still love me tho right?
Thanks to Imelda, and Anne, and everybody who helped!
What a great show!!!
The Weeknd at Hollywood Cemetery.
Let's do this.
Hey guys!
Want to see a great Reggae/Funk/Latin band from San Diego tonight for FREE?
Check out The BSide Players at The Soiled Dove....
My dogs farts atomic bombs o0
I have work fool.
i love you D
Uhm that threw me off and irked me a lil bit.
Maybe im the one doing eh thing wrong maybe i should be like Charlie in 2 and a half Men
So this new Girls show on HBO might be really good...it's like I'm literally peering into the hilarious life of girls my age
Damn...
This movie Colombiana
Just finished a songwriting session...country tune She's the One officially done.
Now, anyone got a connection w/ ?
May 10,1932: Churchill declined to prepare book on articles about trip to America.
It was to be called 'American Impressions'.
Sounds like a plan....
we have much to discuss tomorrow!
Just about to watch it over some delish meatballs!
ThatAwkwardMoment when you search your whole house for your wallet and it's in your back pocket.
STFU about Justin Bieber turning 18!!!!!!
79 days to that means another longer run tomorrow and a 10 miler on saturday!
Veggie homemade pizza is
Need some brain rest after all that studying??
Check out a diversions book before you go on break and keep it for 6 weeks!!...
Springfield, MO friends: Donate Food for a Chance to Win Brad Paisley Tickets http://.ozarksfirst.com/fulltext/?nxdid607192
I do think BlackFriday is an unfortunate reflection of our society.
Why should shoppers in tents get a pass?
Very happy that NYC has three airports, and thus cannot be metonymized in that specific smug way.
Sorry, PDX, etc.
SomeFactsYouShouldKnow I am way to emotional for my own good.
When you put faith, hope and love together, you can raise positive kids in a negative world.
Zig Ziglar
First Friday is this evening!
Check out the Maine Sculptors exhibit in the Lewis Gallery...refreshments provided by Friends of the PPL!
I miss my peeps!
It was so nice to have them home for bellyrubs on demand and treats on the hour.
We'll come pick up your container, and doctorve it across town or across the country.
Alright...why can't weed eaters be easier to start.
I have a 1 year old, name brand that just refuses to cooperate?
At least 25 to 30 pulls
I'm on a Mexican WOAH radio...
I'm a cranky pain in the ass ;D
i can't :c but i'm saying like you can look at them online too lol.
Love the group!
thank you Love : So are you!
I love you with all my heart you are my bestest friend, ANYONE could EVER have and your mine?
say what now?!
your beautiful
Registering for the National Council on Public History Conference.
Anyone else going?
oh you got that haha
of course xx
I Don't Wanna Miss A Thing while asleep
When you're close I don't breathe I can't find the words to speak I feel sparks
Survived teaching Barthelme to middle schoolers this a.m.
But I'm not sure they liked when I laughed out loud so hard about the dead puppy.
Say somethin cause you're doctorving me wild
I am ludicrous excited for this reading!
MT : April 18 with and at Hell yes.
doctornking second cup of coffee and stealing myself to write two articles on cat worms.
Busy week.
Working in the office, listening to some White Stripes and still feeling sad that they are kaput.
Lol's they are out and about already!
I was pulling weeds from my yard today.
Thought I was done and found more weeds.
Thought I was done and found more weeds.
etc!
I fucked up my complementary tweet :
Demoing for tonight.
Stuffs coming out great!
One of my favorite days of the year!
Royalty check day!
My atrocious/hilarious novel sold an impressive 70 copies thus far in 2012.
RT : RT Internships at BDA in Communications Marketing Sales open immediately!
Job descriptions:...
Go follow
It goes now to conference committee.
I'm expecting it to be ugly.
It is about improving student experience of LTS  academic services  spaces
can u followw mee please i needd followerss im new to twitter
I say restart it and let me guest write lol
hi stranger
Yep, Ellen is gay!
Oh yeah, so am I!
CBB 63 Sat..
217 this week.
NBA Sat 00 43 for the week.
NBA is a pass, but leaned hard to the 76ers.
I'm finishing up CBB shortly...
Voting underway at the
Yeah...
That's true!
okay just maken sure
thank you!!
RT Btw SAVE the date: July 19th we're doing a wine dinner with Charles Woodson Pics with him, raffle  more.
text jordans mom with ur email.
new pixs jordan
Just wrapped an amazing XPN2 Local Tracks Session with WESTON.
You'll be able to hear it played back next week on The Philly Local!!!
YES  my last retweet , my back is killing me.
lady gagas new music is the shiiiii
What a talented bunch!
Congratulations!
Prom tonight :D
My sister is practicing the piano in the other room, sounds awesome!!!
yey!
my tweet for the month lolz...i should really check this more often
Thanks!
We appreciate the compliment.
If you ever need help, please call us at 800.311.5656, press 1 for support.
Gotta love sleeping in on a Monday!
You know in White Castle the hot girl Harold is too nervous to talk to?
Been informed by my neighbor I'm that girl for our building.
Yay?
Good morning!!!!
;D
Anniversary lunch today with my bride, Cinda, at Ditka's Steakhoue in Pittsburgh.
A first for us.
Palin's attacking women's words, did she say anything to her daughter about the Fbomb?
Butlers are wonderful and helpful if you ignore their wellnigh genetic predisposition for Murder  DvL
Happy Chocolate Day!
OF COURSE CeeLo has a sequined choir robe.
I'm surprised it doesn't have The Voice!
emblazoned on it.
I have no idea where my tape went and I was just using it.
Will you be mi amor.?
3 
Watching today, I don't think i've cried so hard in my life.
Commission is discussing Los Angeles area districts.
Can't feel my face.
Up early to take my first exam finals :/
Tracy Turnblad's roach doctorss.
Has to be in house or a coordinator.
There's no way a coach leaves their school again this late prior to signing day.
So glad I got netflix
Yes!
Also the speech to text is really getting good.
QuickVoice sends text emails that are accurate.
My Nigga fuck that we Bros I got love for this Nigga like a Brother But keep yo Head up Ill be back Soon!!!
WBWednesday An amazing American woman, Madam C.J.
Walker.
1 of the most successful selfmade 19th century businesswomen.
madamcjwalker.com
Going to visit my number 1 dealer in the USA.
Bringing them Sunday Lunch.
Can you say
Really excited about two dear Texas friends visiting this weekend.
I turned in two papers, slept, and cleaned house.
Let's do this, Madison.
thanks for stopping by today Sam!
What did you end up doing at South Center?
Noeleen: Think about what kind of message might be best for the different roles within an organization.
Is the CEO best?
sadly we dont plan on supporting blackberry :
EVERYDAY IS A DIFFERENT ONE , THE WORLD STILL YOURS ONLY GOD CAN JUDGE WE
Wishing all the best to our boy on his epic journey to India  bon voyage, we'll miss you, and will see you upon your return!
Why is the time of day with the slowest traffic called rush hour?
lol I have a list.
;
no.
Just sick.
Watching 700 Club
Just hijinks, right?
Who the fuck still says hijinks?
Before 7am and my a/c is running
Q2 dealt with this when I worked at pub lib  started video game collection, had to explain learning aspect of gaming to the board
Hey I got new headshots you want me to send them to you?
or the one u already got is fine?
hey sweetheart thanks you too ;
I think the right term for what they possess is equanimity.
Just got a very cool job offer via FB Chat.
This is the future.
As annoying ESPN's coverage can be, their documemtaries are very good.
Everything will be okay!
HaveFaith ...
Ambition is not a vice of little people.
Michel de Montaigne
then you should just stay in Orlando...don't worry...I'm sure the citizens here won't mind...at least I won't.
:
Got try n qet this money for my man n our lil boy.!
Its time we qet our own place.!
my thoughts and love go out to all the surviors,victims and victims families of 9/11.
...
the cop that checks your badge as you take the cart to the press room, the guard at the doctorpoff  the 2 more below
Listen to the hottest in Dade county  www.305movement.com
40dollars represents helping my mom on a weekly basis that prevents foreclosure on her mortgage
Nats fans, baseball fans, get out to Nationals Park.
You know all those years wishing to have stars, compete, win?
They're here.
No excuse!

RT : God: I created the Earth for all humanity.
Except for Antartica, that's for penguins.
I like penguins
Watching an infomercial for a penis pump.
That is all.
I googled my son tonight and found his winter indoor track stats!
that was cool.
Printed out to keep.
Maybe spring stats will be there soon.
I hit an all time high for being soaked.
My entire pants are soaked!
And now I have to teach for 7 hours : :
thats becuz u live me and take care of me my wife
We are what we believe we are
Come join me Tonight  danelectros guitar bar  8pm
Damn everybody left my TL lol
thanks for the recommendations!
Info managers poor social web literacy  need to catch up on usefulness of microblogging especially.
Haddadi gave them great minutes!
Planning a date night tomorrow ;
Being sick before a test is seriously one of the worst things ever.
Looks like its just me, my AP II notes and basketball...
How about You by Candlebox?
Possibly the best scones in town at Rebecca's.
trying to talk to people and they block me
Thanks!
RT FF shoutouts to , , , and of course our own from Nicholas
how u been?
kick rocks lol
Where are you this week?
Texas?
what test do you have?
You caught me, you should only be allowed to doctorft Pirates players
my deviant monitor says otherwise
Submitted, a weight lifted.
Chick was a Rocket Scientist..
www
new picture.
check it :
Ah, yes.
That explains why that running low on space message magically vanished the other day.
lol no problem
his back hurts man lol, hes been carrying teams for so long its finally getting to him i guess
double filet anyone ?
Wish I had a dad like jay z
Welcome new followers!
word my g Food  Liquor 2 should be dope tho
Another month of 2012 has gone by!
Which means it's getting closer and closer to visiting!!
33
Marquette plays at 140p on thurs Wisconsin is at 110p..so both game will be running the same time at some point.
: There is no such thing as negativity in a postive state of mind.
Yes!
All 3 in 5 days!
RT : have u read it?
Omg I'm hooked!
I will.
see?
what did i say?
karma happened.
she did him wrong  me?
i already moved on ':
For anyone, especially FIU students, looking for a deal DO NOT shop at Worst Experience Ever!
Visit at your own risk.
Happy Birthday shout out goes to my cuzzo!
, not much 2 say...ya t sabe : Love you cuz!
3
how are things
You are never completely ready.
Start from wherever you are C.J.
Haden
do you have tickets?
I'd need to get one and an excuse to get out of work.
Am I the only one who isn't amused by ?
BORED.
Thank You!
RT : Your online graphing calculator is great!
Perfect for use in classroom, particularly in projection mode
And in other news, hot girls are still the best thing ever
I only get hit on when I'm fat.
Guys are weird.
And I feel gross.
Mike Carey sucks!
good morning twitter
wants to know, what's your safe travel tip for all those students getting ready to study abroad?
TONIGHT AND EVERY WEDNESDAY NIGHT IN MAY: Eddie Miller performs with Kristin Major on vocals and Jon Smith on Sax...
I don't wake up in time w/o an alarm, but I was kinda awake already.
And then I doctorpped/found my only right contact lens.
Dodging already!
How are things with you?
believe it or not, whites outnumber any other minority race in public assistance.
Tim Tebow sings gospel songs while he warms up.
What a pimp
I'm confused why people rag on that Skrillex dude all the time.
Why not another electronic artist?
Why not Bassnectar?
Lets see what kind of trouble we can get into tonight, out on the town!
The kid sitting next to him on ankle with a record, can get in state tuition.
What a joke.
We are missing out on some great minds
Thanks for your mention.
Sending angel love your way today!
: Casual Friday is a great way to confirm who all the hoochies are in the office.
me??
just kidding
I'll be featured in a segment on Tucson Fox 11 Daybreak Show today from 79am.
I haven't seen it yet, lets watch it together!
Excited!
moving out is finally becoming REAL
that was way too mean!
Always be kind and gentle, for each dawn you can find new hope that someday your doctorams will come true
OI faculty member Chris Woods and staffers Laura D'Allesandoctor and Tom James are at Northstar Imaging in Roger MN to CT scan some Token Balls
sent u the num ....
hit me up before that phone dies

Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to collaborating.
WORN.
OUT.
lost 0.5 pounds since her last weighin!
She's lost 7 pounds so far.
first tasting down!
amazing experience with !!
I'm not worried about any of you lames...don't get mad I called you by yo name either bitch!!
Its all love at the end of the day.
: Can prime a comm'y to make a news event more interactive  richer experience by encouraging people to tweet w/ hashtag.
i really dont wana take this compass test today..
Haha
let's see, i think it would be best to do a girls night since I'm not attached to a boy right now.
Less awkward for guys.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Let my team and I at InsurTexas blow your mind with GREAT customer service and GREAT rates on your all your insurance needs.
Call us TODAY
Whatever happened to those glory old days in the NBA when superstars hated each other?
I don't know, but pregnant bellies, pregnant girls, anything pregnant us just not cute to me.
Have you seen pregnant stomachs, theyre gross.
For AAron Solar Wednesday: DCALAS; Thursday: LASDCA; Friday: DCALAX; Sunday: LAXDCA.
Hello miles!
how do u deal with all the traveling u have to do ?
Do u ever get tired ?
SHOUTOUT TO SARAH
M!
2 texas beers tonight  the Goat!
monsters, inc.
C:
hopefully I get a special greeting bday from you :
you're so right!
I'm going 2 try a homeopathic doctor
y'all got SWAY
Animal crackers are the best!:
Super Bowl MVP should have gone to Mario Mannigham.
What a catch!
amen and thank you.
That word was needed
it's almost all downhill from here...
Yes, sir!
Anywhere there's a dollar, right?
I've got no shame.
have a great time.
Congrats Daniel
tweet me to make a crappy night an amazing one
LOL, I can't wait 3 it should for real be a national holiday ahah
a 13 year old kid on facebook just called me his future sex' girlfriend D: wheniwas13 i never said that kind of shit
RT : RT : startupriot  the judges are getting their Shark Tank on this year.
lots of IT jobs at millercoors
u forgot
Farted so hard it hurt my asshole.
Jazz still keeping it pretty close against the SPURS!!!!
; GoSPURSGo!!
Online....
It's custom made...
Dez Bryant lacks any brain cells.
I hope is feeling better:
Don't forget...kids eat free on Monday nights!
Stop by before the game tonight!
just five more days until our trip!!
I'm so excited !
Do it!
I know Westbrook is ur mans lol u better pick a side right now!
I won't have any of this inbetween leek issh from u!
Darius Miller ended up having the most career 3point fieldgoal attempts in school history by a native Kentuckian.
Listened to my 1st Barry Eisler novelInside Out.
Count me as a huge fan.
SAVE THE DATE SUNDAY MAY 27TH ROOFTOP ALL WHITE PARTY!
EMAIL ME NOW TO RESERVE TABLES STAY TUNED FOR DETAILS!
imissthe90sbecause One word, Grunge.
Why tha fuck is Corey Brewer Wearing his hand band over his eyes!
Still not 100 but I'm heading back to work...
Let's do this!
Thoughtful with an uppercut.
I like it.
Perfect way to end a wine tasting!
RT : Thx, Christy!
Great seeing you Thursday.
Next time, freedom...I mean, beer?
American idol tonight!
Hell to the yeah!
You miss 100 of the shots you don't take.
Wayne Gretzky
The media guide came in the mail today  thanks again!
when and where is the game Thursday?
Don't forget!
Tonight you can get bottles of wine under 100 for HALF PRICE!
All the more reason to come to Maguire's!
I'd be so embarassed if I died.
If I ever die, just kill me.
that's really the way it should have always been
Listening to Mary Alice Ball talking about 's Digital Inclusion Framework project.
Love the community engagement!
My dad said he's selling my car to buy me a better one!!!
stop, stop, hold up, too much money to fold up.....
Practice makes perfect
RT : ...
VLEs are the killer app, ...
To paraphrase Janice, VLE's just another word for nuthin's left to lose...
: I wanna live like that!
And give it all I have, so that everything I say and do, points to you!
sidewalk prophets
O'Cuiv is making a fool of himself.
He should stop digging now.
hey its in my study guide.
Not my fault lol
And for those of you bemoaning the obscenely hot conditions today, temps should be back in the upper 60s by midweek.
I REALLY want a Phantom Flex...
I'd rather only my sisters call me brother.
Gorgeous day for lunch out on the patio Thanks!
Thanks to for supporting 's U.S.
Programs through Project 360!
paid in full.
Ha.
: Great opening number!!!
Great job everyone!!
Eep why am i fangirling so hard
This part of Reality Bites was reality.
If your friend comes out, embrace them, never shun them.
Friends are friends for a reason.
Perfect pick, perfect role.
Stoudemire switches on Wade and Bosh is guarded by Fields going towards the bucket.
All he needs is the pass.
Like, Seriously?
Some people on Tumblr take things WAY too seriously and get offended easily.
Some of them are judgmental as crap.
RT : Tonight was my favorite episode of Chopped, the judges.
Met he really is a nice guy.
not even true!
I have a nice smaller cheese grater that hasn't seen a bit of rust in years and I totally abuse it
ah i just love having a good laugh every once in a while XD :
do u like Skrillex's music ?
its funny how this dude stole my username but put a dash after it, so all of his friends fuck it up and end up tweeting at me..
Next stop, Toronto with Tina, hopefully before the world ends
proud of u
10 hours until the Contra Alliance Kickstarter campaign launches, and hopefully a new era begins.
actorsloungelive thanks for coming out good night and see yall june 1 ps our new price is five bucks
It just dawned on me that  are graduating...
I'm not going to be able to keep myself together.
NMS30 Day 8 challenge: I'm using Audacity today
welcome aboard!
Got a yesterday.
It told me I woke up 12 times last night.
No wonder I fell like crap.
I made it!!!!
But there were a few songs I hadn't heard ima need you to update me lol
I'm throwin' a party, y'all invited TB!
Lol Birthday Cake For Breezy.
scary good young talent.
Excited to see our new President at ACPA2012 in Louisville, KY!
Shoutout to stackfrost kentucky and E st.louis
I want a picture :D 
Lmao ; ill laugh if i get that check before you and alex ;D
The best of the Amy's pizzas.
Hey Ian, been a while since we met last year, but my new startup is very much in the socialbusiness space.
Love to catch up
Aint life grand
at least you didn't cut yourself shaving!
Puar cut Goku's tail off.
I learn something new EVERY DAY.
Hurricane winds!
i can't wait for summer, so i can forget about this horrible year i've just had .
Thinkin about my future and what moves I should make to make it fabulous 
mines too.
Great job tonight.
Next time sing Cannonball another awesome Damien Rice song!
I know!
They're real bastards!
jmpeasteregghunt RT Tomorrow at 12 Noon!
401 Curry Hollow Road, Pleasant Hills, PA 15236!
All ages Welcome!
that would be pretty awesome.
My heart hangs heavy for those of us here, while it rejoices for God that has an amazing talented angel.
I will miss you Gray Collins.

how is your new station coming along?
Let's go beat the suns with our second team and no coach!
Chase for 4!
lol don't get him started he wants to
if all your content is on that comp then you can synchronize again; if not, then you may have to call Apple for help!
watchin The Human Centipede 2 with   
Happy Monday  Normally people invest everything they want to, but what that they want to invest isn't everything.
You get what you give
This is supposed to be a much more exciting start to the series.
Unfortunately, we have Kendoctorck starting.
Quick  get that domain name!
:
Midnight on May 4th can't come soon enough for me.
Lol!
Same here!
One reason out of many why I wouldn't recommend going anywhere near downtown this weekend and Monday.
thanks.
I figured I might as well post it here too : When are you visiting NYC?
is a case study for alliclass today.
never been that fucked up before lol

Pinterest: Why should we be interested?
Roll Tide
Thank you for FF!
Looking forward to AN UNEXPECTED GUEST!
I forget I was born blond...then it all comes back to me now...
Good night.
Seattle doesn't look like Seattle today.
Where did this sun come from?
I judge other women based on what I can see under bathroom stall walls...like gross get a pedicure or damn get some new shoes this decade
Glad you survived!
You should share more with me soon ;
Made my self Mexican eggs and French toast.
I love that I can eat normally again.
:
talking to a friend I've known for 16 years...
The one who knows everything about me and loves me anyway!
If you are headed to NAISAC12, please check out and subscribe to new site for John Hunter, , and World Peace game film...
I'm awesome, loving life and work.
You?
I hate when subs get in you shit do you see this phone in my hand with Twitter up?
it means I ain't listening
You have no clue how happy that makes me.
Breaking News!
The NFL realizes that Indianapolis is too cold to host a Super Bowl.
Reconsiders location.
Civil rights should not be on a poll ballot, period.
I've never had someone pretend to be my friend or pretend to be interested in me.
Still got a long way to go.
me too, jason.
me too.
We're going to have some fun goodies at NAFSA12  stop by and see us at our booth :
Who you callin tonight
is so damn fine you need to follow her rt now .....
the first 100 that do I will give you a s/o
More importantly, Philly, channel 44.2 on regular TV plays full hour reruns of the SOOOOOOOUUUULLLLLLLLLL Train.
James Brown.
Ha Ha I hear ya!
where did you get that picture of Coach Mattingly at
aye.
I'm back.
lol.
I gotta get my shit together
noworries cuuz i still LOVE nothing will EVER change that33
I do think so!
I'm going there at 9 pm to mix and mingle but I've already got my ticket.
If you can, buy online 2 B safe!
As I walked into NASM this morning a bagpiper in the garden area across Indep.
Ave.
was playing the theme from Star Wars.
Great!
So pop a top and doctorp a tailgate.
Yeah we crankin up AC/DC, Hank, Skynyrd, and George Strait kickitinthesticks brantleygilbert 
Everytime I hear your ringtone I smile.
:
probably my favorite senior year memory: skipping the AP Gov exam so that i didn't have to skip senior skip day
cutting Havner???
Does that make any sense??
what up homie..when can i get out there and rock anotha show bro..lol
looks like fun!
Have an awesome thanksgiving.
I'm thinking about you ;
Were Rocking the Casbah, courtesy of and
My old roommate deleted me in Facebook.
I don't really give a fuck, I just think its funny that he swore up and down that he didn't hate me.
Not too early to make your summer plans!
Register for Lovett's American Studies Institute summer workshop before March 30 and save....
what's the website
I hate the wat lace front wigs make they forhead look.
they're not on special.
but i just ate some and had a lot of questions.
Any of you know of REO investors looking for projects in SoCal?
Need liquid  of nearly 1m, project w potential to double that or better!
Ok my luvz turnin in dat shower must have did it can't keep my eyez open luv u all muah
Happy Birthday to my brother
In my alternate universe the Twins traded up to sign Bryce Harper who is now filling in for Morneau at first base for the first place
Major health concern for tight pants Chuck: yeast infections; watch out now.
Just had a White Tie Affair moment.
Those are rare.
She was thinking misterRight, I was thinking right now....

have u tried the tropical strawberry Shakeology?
And whether other lobbyists called DiMasi more or less frequently than McDonough.
A: If you've signed publishing agreements, you can tackle the law on your rights.
However, this isn't a quick or easy process
My daughter takes 3rd in county championship 200m
Hey ray j dont send me 143 while we're texting cause i wont know what it means
Im real sorry guys...
: tweeting just isnt wat we can do first rite now, i PROMISE to Rec.
The auditions!
Tomorrow's game is starting right now right?
Add me to the list of people having Safari 5.1 issues on Lion...people who solve them by switching to Chrome.
Don't forget that we have a show on Thursday at skrappys with A Step Ahead.
Doors at 6, 7.
Make it if you can, it'll mean a lot.
:
I may be there, not too sure.
Comments about using technology 24/7 and accessing information are all roles a school librarian can fill.
And, so, often, are the very best software engineers.
So O has the feel of an interesting set of ideas emerging from an entertaining misap
i google such random ass things into google
Is Dicky Pride the best name in golf?
doctorver Dick Trickle will always be on the top of my Best Athlete Names List.
good look
All da sex my parents had If u suffer from insomnia, there is good chance that ur sleep patterns were often disturbed as a child
Dnt need nobody but my niggas n my girl
Lowlying areas including Bangladesh and Florida face catastrophic flooding.
Inhabitants forced to move become the first climate refugees.
Little people are hilarious!
golakers yeah somos viejitosbut I believe where's ?
contention, struggle, disagreement
CAME HOME TO MY GRAMMA!!!!
:D 3
St.
Louis Cardinals home opener today!
Hopefully it doesn't get rained out...
KingsRangers.
Only a matter of time now.
We thank you for coming to our performance last night.
Our new band can swing hard.
We had a great time.
That stupid rule cant date till a certain age just ruined my chance of getting him 3
Adam from maroon 5 is so sexy.
Lunchables are the only thing getting me through this week.
I'm mad my husband isn't on Skype.
He doesn't know it but he's gonna be my husband.
Haha
For the int'l travelers out there: is NEXUS better than Global Entry?
NEXUS is cheaper and works for Canada too..
Going camping for the weekend by the lake.
Tent style.
This is the day the Lord has made.
Rejoice and be glad in it.
Have a beautiful day.
People need to stop talking crap about people they don't know.
I've been reading all these really mean things about celebs recently.
Not ok.
Bitches stay sacking it lol.
I have so much shit yo do today, what a day.
Now that is too funny and clever.
Two Vernon teens caught street racing on Highway 97
haha followed me a few months ago already :
Bring in ten friends to sign up and get one year free!
it was awesome.
he hasnt even doctorpped an album yet and everybody knew the words to all the songs he did.
I love getting an email from my teacher saying my group is doomed to fail the project when I'm the only one doing any work.
Very hard to build a team from the doctorft but they did it.
Great workout for those of you who made it this morning!
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
Confucius
Im probably gonna scare people today in my gothic sheek.
Bo all you want, your team got a 3rd degree Burn!
No extinguisher is putting out
not to offend bankers but they can be conservative.
This is way for nontraditional projects to get funded.
Thanks for the nod!
will there be a live audience?
How might one apply to be in the audience?
The American health care system should not be most burdensome to the people who need it the most
you up for doing some photos next time your in Nashville?
Can't BELIEVE THIS SHIT!!
How the hell am i waking up super early everyday!!
hm..Cause im getting my buff on!!
P90X in the morning
Back in Pittsburgh
have a great night be safe love you
2 things that don't go together pigeon poop and restaurants.
vegaspressurewashing.com we clean it up so you don't have to
Post something that will make me doctorppin' smile!
:
HonestyNight i love sex, but w/ one person
The awkward moment when your bro actually tells a cool story .
New career, That voice made millions, and you look better than him
Np good job.
I think I'm pretty much out of the playoff race so I'm rooting for you to win it all.
: FT Arsenal 0, Chelsea 0.
Dire..
Boring.
Clearly both teams are saving something for later.
Give him MY lamp, ayye?
Oh, alright.
Well you know where to look when it goes missing on Friday.
I done been around the world,met plenty ppl, some good and some not so!
sounds like you put into action ...
If somebody asks for your shirt, give him your coat too.
Debating on if I wanna go to CHS graduation Saturday morning
5 year engagement was hilarious!
I love
Ears are still ringing!
Do your homework brother lol!
See you Thurs if not sooner.
The consumer is not a moron.
She is your wife.
David Ogilvy
Sad isn't it?
NIMBYism over culture.
I love the west coast
Pookie!
The pics I took with my old camera at Joe's Grad Party turned out fantastic.
I should make you copies.
Greetings new followers : Very interesting bunch!
is a very outspoken, honest, and opinionated person.
If you're wanting something sugarcoated ..
Go eat a damn glazed donut!!
Does anyone else find themselves annoyed by the OTUS acronyms?
Can I make a wish on my 1111th tweet?
Thanj you very much.
The Psalms make excellent prayers.
RT Effective Car Commercials: Now every time I pass a KIA Soul in the street I'm disappointed the doctorver is not a Hamster.
If I have 10 ice cubes and you have 11 apples how many pancakes can fit on the roof?
Purple.
Because aliens dont wear hats
about to watch fievel goes west !!
one of my favorites!
bored someone talk to me :p
congratualtions all RT always bring their A game!!!
will anyone be live tweeting Abdu'lBaha'is visit to America?
It could be fascinating!
1/2
Hawt show them see what happens lol you may get a sugar daddy
Good morning.
Going to work early.
Forced to cover a sick call.
Can you feel my excitement?
things come in three's...
lol fb is overrated.
I would never spend 30 to 40 dlls a share no way.
The hype crowd forgets myspace
Oh bummer :/ Stay safe!
Oh you miss me, well I don't miss you.
Great to hear we were able to help you!
Sky hazing up  rain coming.
Hopefully, more Summerish rain.
I live in the land of rain.
What was the first art event you attended in LA County?
I got my Money on Floyd ....15 Racks.
Tanning bed and haircut after school.
I feel awesome
hadn't heard of The Butcher Block.
Thanks!
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: Super fun and addictive!
by Chaunaci
ima need my manager here to disclose those details lol
sounds awesome!
I'd be up early just to repeat it all again!
We were Krogering together?
U should've said hi!
RT : I was in Kroger Turned around and it was !
everything's coming up emily!
In Sonoma ?See OTTO DIX and 15 other DEGENERATE ARTISTS at ARThouse Gallery, GlenEllenVillage, close to
hey, I'm doing fantastic.
Yourself?
Btw, I listened to a bit of your music.
I really like your voice!
:
today's open house was a huge success.
Doing it again tomorrow morning.
Come see green roofs  green walls galore plus rain water harvesting
Good Morning!
:
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak.
Epictetus
Rock on HCMS12  sorry I have to head out tonight.
Enjoy the keynote.
You'll learn a ton.
Enjoyed meeting so many of you!
Mission Creek Music out by the pool today!
Beats, Booz  BBQ  2p  8p  FREE!
The Phoenix Hotel  601 Eddy
: We all have that one friend WHO NEEDS TO LEARN HOW TO WHISPER.
That is so me LOL
That's what I'm sayin'...
I'm packing up stuff to go into storage but it's all so dusty.
Maybe it should go to Goodwill instead.
M83s show tonight was pure wallofmodularsynth glory.
The brand new tracks were earmelty heaven.
I love when my boyfriend sucks up to me....
what?
Got my washer/doctorer installed today, and I swear that the user manual is thicker than a P.O.H.
for an SR20...
this hologram of 2pac genious man...
now can we get an
Cool, have fun!
:
what phone are you using?
For me it was right under today's score.
My 100ste tweet is for all the Mahomiess 33 and Austin ofcouse 
Getting ready to head back to Los Angeles thanks to everyone who came out to 3 great shows THANKS!
I never seen it but im sure my friend who also owns this account with me has :
Dealing with a construction worker
Downtown Charlie Brown
Sigh, work ran out of beer.
Yes, after one hour.
Today film workshop 2nd day in NYC
that damn song has been in my head.
All.
damn.
day.
Pete Fornatale, Legendary NY Radio DJ and author has died at the age of 66.
RIP Pete.
Yum!Yum!
Peppers Thai Cusine/Palm Springs is now on board offering 10 off dine in!
I haven't checked mad river.
I'm afraid to cuz I have feeling its going to be bad news, too.
Haha
What has everyone been doing in this beautiful weather?!
Let's see some pictures!
Post them here or tweet them to us at !
my night would be wonderful if Lakers lose.....so wonderful!
Think was afraid to play the music to end 's talk.
my best year yet 12 out of 20 thus far...not too bad...:
heads to winning schools for Oprahstyle award reception.
Uses content in SocialMedia during off season.
they are 88 vs teams who are .500 or better.
Let's not go crazy...
Keep that up  you'll have grow your own food.
Maybe Hal Leonard bought the vote?
tremor anyone?
En route to Lexington to start the tour with and
: Just in general T.
Feeling a bit out of sorts lately.
Thanks for the read!
You're annoying.
RT : justread Monday LOTS OF CANDLES PLENTY OF CAKE by Anna ,
when you want to retweet someone but you don't cause you retweet them too often lol 
I'm hungry like the wolf!
See you tomorrow night!
LOL!!!
New word, graupchy!!!
I like it!
Randy and u could of said that at home not on my post
An encore career change from cubicle to soloentrepreneur combines purpose with professort.
Are you ready?
Its time to recharge my battery let my hair down and have some fun.
yes yes yes its friday!!
just took my hemo rage, this ones for you man!
Firefighters on motorcycles event to be held this month  WNEM Saginaw
When we set our goals, life has a way of rearranging itself with events to begin the motion.
Let's make it happen The Slight Edge
perfect doorbelling weather!
Thanks!
Yum since I can't go to NOLA Game of the Week 4/6 Smoked  Spicy Alligator Sausage w Cajun Shrimp Remoulade  Goat Cheese
I want some dang menchies or froyoz...
you ok?
prefer to direct message me?
No!
Good God, no.
She was with me nearly three years ago.
Then she left and married this guy shortly afterward.
aye where my girlfriend at i kinda want one?
off to work, lots to do today
Congrats to client Health Systems International for being nominated for
Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing that we see too late the one that is open.
Alexander Graham Bell
My first name and your last name would sound great together ;
Come to the MakeAWish wrapping station at Otay Ranch Towne Center Saturday.
Get all your gifts wrap and help a great cause!
Thanks!
:: Sweet doctorams!!!
hahahaha!!!!!
I bet he was just loving that.
lol!
...Then listen close to me  Anything can happen, child...
Anything can BE!!!
not good
RT Wow...
Epic fail on the clear speedtest...
.71mb/sec download .04mb/sec upload.
yikes...
I hope just cause it's new.
Follow back please
Another one straight from the GOP debate: boots on the ground.
I think it will!
Daughter went to play at friend's new house.
Supposed to pick her up.
Realized I don't have their street addoctorss or phone number.
My mother looked at me during lunch today and insisted I start using her la mer cream before bed.
Wtf
the blog is totally down, or otherwise unresponsive.
Bo!
Or...stanky leg
we will become the eyes, ears, and consciousness of the universe
Watching The African Queen.
Enjoying it.
I need to see more Bogart films.
You can do that if you like!
It's just easier for us to keep track of everyone's entries when they're in the same comment thread.
I barely remember what windows look like.
That was what I first thought of when I saw the pic too.
U were sAaying?
Rogers that.
Best alternative to monster  careerbuilder.
Real companies, low prices for ads, best candidates!
www.joborworker.com
Sleep!
Yes please.
THEY USED TO BE TOO TIGHT.
FANGIRLING OVER HUUUUR.
They Don't Know What To Do, When I'm Hurt, When I'm Angry.
You Was My Friend, And My Man And My Daddy.
Our jger bombs finally or whaaaa?!
Western RJ would be cool, would love to work on that!
I worked on a great modernish RJ and a not so great period RJ.
let's talk about digital content strategy.
let's talk about you and me.

Soon.
In the next few weeks.
Excited to spend some time tonight and tomorrow with our leaders at our first Leader Weekend!
Expose.EMPOWER.Unleash.
i love him so much.
unlimited is misleading to 90 of the average online backup users.
netcdp is more cost effective online backup www.netcdp.com
I always forget until I see traffic galore by my house and then I realize it's free day.
Oh well.
ATTENTION!
If you're tired of the SAME OLD rb, GOOGLE  PANDORA Lamorris Williams!
Something new, song w/ AlGreen  more!
come here for a cuddle
Was epic meeting and last night
looking for a good S.O.S.style iPhone app that can help me discretely call 911 in emergencies.
any suggestions?
hi just sent an email and it didn't go through; wanted to connect about possible story opp
Cinco de Mayo Street Food
Glengarry Glen Ross at next season too!
happy half birthday!!
is here at wcmia!
We will be giving presentations about Responsive Web Design and Writing Effective Proposals
lol I thought I was 
Instead of marbles, you try to get miniature Pabst Blue Ribbon cans.
Yes!
UNC loses!!!
Niggas who wanna touch you with ashy hands 

True.
His battle was longer.
Oz was on the 5 year plan.
Breath takings views  great food at 560 than Andoctora Bocelli concert!
Goosebumps
The one day I wanna look good...I look like poop.
NWC IS KNOWN 4 1 THING !!
BRING N THAT NEXT SHIT !!!
CHUBBY BOOB, FULLY LACED, ROGUE STATUS 4 DA LADIES ETC..
WE KEEPAZ SEXXY !!
Page Theme
We had a great experience at Wilde Toyota in West Allis.
We were treated well, all of our questions were answered, and we found the...
Really glad to have and in the studio all the time these days.
Great group of Mpls guys
What's up
thanks man!
Always an honor to share the stage with you!
Yeah, he wouldn't...
oops!
It did seem weird that no one else was excited about it last night...
ravens select CB Asa Jackson
According to UW athletic communications spokesman Brian Mason, the cardinals squad is favored by 6.5
Still awake 
pretty sure it was the woodlands.
When We were in Houston for mike's wedding
thanks new follower!
Super Cute Now We Know this morning on
Do you know you can purchase the Diversity Platinum Rewards Card for only 19.95?
Type Instinct11 in the Promo box in checkout and save!
Q2 Some examples are iPad in classroom, QR Codes at annual training event, Cameo scenarios, internal SoMe  Socialcast
Come out today to I will be there at 2pm talking about upcycling and art as Eco Activism, plus exhibiting a few art pieces.
Ladies and Gentlemen!!!
My child is the 20122013 President of the National Junior Art Honor Society at her School!!!
Toot toot Beep Beep!!!
I'm so shitty that they ran out of the pineapple white owls!!!
Abnormally heavy flow  New Straits Times
All the things I really like are either immoral, illegal or fattening.
Alexander Woollcott
Literally just cleaned out my room, unpacked all my stuff, organized it all, and then put it all away.Havent even tried to go to sleep yet..
They were over 50?
not long enough...
I'd love to see MJ at his prime vs LeBron at his prime one on one
I got the game in my blood  with the mission on my mind, flow my heart down on paper  and keeps my azz on the grind.
D.Mighty Music
I'm excited for Thailand tomorrow flying to Phuket then Koh Phi Phi islands.
After that, not sure...
still looking to volunteer.
Never burn trash in your fireplace or wood stove; it leads to dangerous creosote buildup
I Love when sing We gone always be together baby that's what you told me  I believe it Cause I ain't neva had nobody do me
Sorry for all thoes pics guys i just love them 3
Minority leader Pelosi addoctorssing general session
today is a very slow day.love it
tie2011, great google sites class, so much information, brain on overload, can't wait to develop something for education
hey, this may be straight forward but..
Will you be my Superman?
.
Does anybody love my new ICON?
:
First day of orientation.
Bring it....
SUHSD Bonita Vista HS students leave school early on min day while daytime curfew is in effect  CVPD says No problem, but when...
if you're talking about 1984, it just isn't worth it.
story of my life?
12 mile run, powered by Skittles.
How healthy can that be?
Orioles game tonight?
You looked into my eyes...and my heart melted 3
alrighty here's the deal, I just took down all my posters in my room.
all 503 of them.
An amazing phamesparkle 2012 kick off meeting today  get ready for a world of pure imagination, Sunday Nov 4 at the Governor Hotel!
hey hey!!
Slowly Uncovered
......I deny your awesomeness
swxengage ...and that's a huge prob; blasting same msg across MultiChannel is often the way many go, sad to say
Sufficently blapped for about ten hours of mayhem
NorwalkBOE special ed program burden should be on parents, not system.
if parents don't like offering, they can seek alternatives.
Hey Davaughn will be posting the pic.
I used his camera tonight.
They will be on FB  it was nice meeting u 2.
:
That sounds good to us.
We're always up to our elbows in it!
Ah, I see him now.
was also recently had a cameo as a runner in a video!
weird.
I hear that.
It's hard to make time sometimes
I know it's allergy season and everything, but this guy at the library has been sniffling  snorting for over an HOUR.
I wish!
MOMA exhibit in ATL.
My dog crashed into the glass door because he wanted to chase a cat on the other side lol
That one's the best.
They hated each other was funny too, but I hang out w/ 13 yr olds all day.
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail!
Kurt Cobain
Met ya tonight in Nashville and bought your cd  I enjoy it :
How'd y'all like the premiere?
I sang Journey, The Calling, David Lee Murphy, and Matchbox 20,  Rick Springfield!
I hate going shopping in December, everything my mom buys me is now for Christmas
the Lakers D is BIG tonite
I checked out the vids, nice!
Do you lease your tracks ?
: Still trying to figure out which camera at work I can film on.
// Ha ha ha I was wondering the same thing!
justinbieber RT and Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!!
I Will Always Support You Till The End!!
Belieber Forever xoxo NeverSayNever 2
This niggah is the red hat is annoying afff
A dude just hit me with a Happy New Year.
The 90 day period when you can say that is over.
coloring my hair!
which version?
The studio or pro or tour?
Every person must decide whether he will walk in the light of altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness.Martin Luther King, Jr.
I'm helping another church struggling with negative social media posts.
2 words: be transparent.
publicly reach out, privately reach out.
we put ours eye level!
Hey Adam: How are you today?
Tonights game proves that George Karl is a much better coach than Mike Brown.
Wonder if LA misses Phil Jackson?
earn less than 5,000 a year from
Sorry.
I fell asleep.
But goodmorning!
And love you too tbffl.3:
Another eventful night in avon
working on the reference desk tonight, so i'll probably avoid the internet tonight and tomorrow for fear of any howimetyourmother spoilers.
That looks awesome!!!
Thinking of changing my middle name to Superfly TNT.
We're each on opposite sides of the st waiting for busses going in opposite direction.
AWKWARD :/ Girl train'g me, not good at training :
heck yeah.
Beautiful day in Florence and I am stuck inside studying for midterms
If Bilas feels they don't belong in D1, he shouldn't get paid to call their games.
Better late then never : Good Luck Got the feeling it's gonna be a lot of work.
I didn't know you could cook a turkey like at home.
Uh....
No I didn't!
You did way better than me!
just walked in 5 degree weather to get breakfast.
yes, i was hungry.
now i can't feel my face.
The hardest part about starting our business was finding venues who liked good music!
Off work.
What's up?
As he's preaching automation, maybe he should have used a robot.
what the fuck you talking about bitch
Hey!
Happy Birthday, teddybear!
Guterman: CDC estimated we can prevent 4060 of child abuse cases through home visiting services.
Got a haircut!
Just Did A Movie
R.I.P.
To the SoulTrain founder Don Cornelius, the Bleu Family sends their condolences to his family....God Bless 
The Understudy.
I Love Broccoli.
Himalayan Walking Stick.
The band just posted brand new video to www.nemesysband.com
Random ?
for youDo you happen to know of any great hat stores in Boston?
I am on the hunt for one to wear to a wedding there
I've always wanted to do the gay videos of me singing but I'm too scared.
Oh well.
Good night, slut!
The Wanted can go straight to hell.
thanks for sharing the video!
Good luck to my client Colette and a friend Emilia who are running New York City Marathon this morning running!!
Have a great race!
I am still astonished on the fact that I broke my bat today haha
Big Barrel Wednesday Beer is: Sierra Nevada Pale Ale.
RSVP to to get on the list.
First 75 only.
5/16 78pm!
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Oprah Winfrey
Johns hopkins is cooking the SHIT out of stony brook
True that.
Or maybe it's just that things for men often use quality, timelessness and utility as selling points?
I'm in quite a bit of pain with some fractures, bumps and bruises, but I'm very lucky that It wasn't worse!
Feelin like garbage
Hope we have a sold out crowd tonight.
It always makes the show more fun!
Fuck the internet piece of shit
: Summer basketball is heating up...Hicks take it to another level with Rcs sports...
Fasho!
U know I will...
I do We do You do is also good for teaching class norms
The Disney store is still the only place I care about in oxmoor mall...
I lost 15 pounds in a month and a half.
its a great program.
Let's all take pictures of ourselves watching BestFriendsForever with our BFF's and send them to !!
Me  Nicole  Cinnamon Challenge x 2  Hillarious.
:
Jiz may have used their key too many times...
but we'll definitely want You back!
Let's email?
:D
I'm alive, alert, awake and enthusiastic!!
hey plzz reply I'm bored I'm just listening to ur songs over and over
White iPhone 4 At Last!
Due to the delay it became
Really not every nigga the same tho
Damn.
It's the train episode in season 2 of greysanatomy.
I don't know how I am going to make it through :
Cute outfits!
Pianist Ray Bryant R.I.P.
We'll be starting this year's Cannabis Freedom March at 11am in Volunteer Park!
Come join us!
oh the Tater Tots.
SO good, right?
I can't get enough of them!!
Hey a bets a bet.
Papa Manzos or case of beer.
I'd go case of beer if I was you.
Heading to NC on a quick flight to close a potential business deal
The opening of , Persian food and ice cream in westwood, and successfully installing Collective Access 
Niggaz Is Really Mad, Smh Get A Grip
This is a nanotech bracelet w/health sensors on inside  air sensors on outside, powered by body heat.
Hence, trash!
For me the low point was Diamonds Are Forever.
I've recently seen the good ones; thus, I'm dumpster diving!
can I get a birthday reply/retreat from The Iatola of RockinRolla?
Goldberg still fears you!
coming up with a name is harder than i thought!!
Dat 1 wok n I'll listen 2 it 2moro when I can pay more attention n I'll let u know my take
EXCITED RT: Which sketch group has eight thumbs and is releasing their next sketch on this Sunday?
This sketch group!
is on point with their music today
I actually had the first 8 of my top 10 listed when I realized it might b impolitic to omit someone.
Obviously you are in top 5!
Donald Ray Pollacks' creeps are monsters in his books Knockemstiff and The Devil All the Time.
what's your number?
I lost it..
Great movie!
He knows who is  1 fan is, ME !!!
stop being a hater,Aaron dont like that
Y do the same movie come on tv ?
All the time...
Like play somethin new lol I've seen star trek an hairspray 10 time each already smh
what's the doctornk of choice this time??
HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO HIM WHEN IM TRYING TO GET YOU ON CHAT!!!!!
TANTRUM
Going home early
Remember life and the game is long.
28 school days til graduation and about 54 days til i move back to California.
TONY HAWK MEETS ANGRY BIRDS  running boards
iOS update finished.
kiddori is still running like a champ.
:
RT : P.S.
Cupcakes are OK at Chernobyl.
FYI Good to know.
the negative of going to school in Lubbock
Hey, what's the pussy like on the east side of the Hamptons...
Rube Sheeber
I love you!
Every time I give public speeches I come home with stacks of questions to answer.
Five upcoming chances to ask me yours:...
just read it i just finished the biggest can lol
is it friday yet?
nce11 ravitch: accepting uncredentialed educators takes us back to early 19th century
When i get home from school, the first thing i look for is food
RT this if you love cupcakes and the
Thank you for listening Atria!
Weather at Carmel is a bit chilly!
But the scenes are beautiful!
this has been a crazy ass match so far
Time to relax and kick my feet up
We went and checked out last night.
We definitely enjoyed their diminished ham jams.
Hopefully they'll come play in TN with us!
Announcing Twitter Chat  Friday, April 20 from 10  11 am EST!
CDCEarthDay make sure you going the conversation
You guys wanna go back  get some?!
Thank you for the RT
My contacts feel like sandpaper.
Its great.
TODAY: 's 1st Annual College Radio Awards, 5:00pm.
Student Center Basement at the UClub.
how to should have been insertedit's not obvious to them.
So, agenda.
: Obviously.
I should have slammed him.
sitting at doing some studying before heading back to knoxville.
Nothing like a good cup of coffee!
Man they tryna make us fall as vitcoms of the system ...
thanks for showing me around Vegas NYE weekend!
I will definitely be in touch when ready to buy a condo in Vegas!
Why aren't the refs wearing red jerseys?
The no call on Zeller and then the call on Darius back to back prove it.
Woke up early this morning feeling too good.
beats me
RT : Monday is Morrone.
Tuesday Anu Apte from Seattle's Rob Roy.
Who wants to be our guest at Hog  Rocks Wed  Fri?
Normal Fan at a Justin Bieber concert: Wow!
HE'S SO AMAZING!
Me: OMG!
I'M IN THE SAME ROOM AS HIM!
WE'RE BREATHING THE SAME AIR!
k thanks
M!
Brownies!
That jhonny rockets burger was too good
More big words?
please follow ?
:
6/1/2012 will be a big new beginning toward that effort..
;
Saw  Timothy today :
southern california is loved by triathletes for its all year ideal training conditions
The Brits, like the Americans are a miserable, vulgar people.
I miss Ireland.
I feel like I haven't been there in so long?
Maybe training camp??
What do you love about summer in NYC?
Thank you Ben 3
the older episodes are so much better.
:l
20ThingsAboutMe I can't even tolerate people with a shitty attitude.
Pretty good!
Nice Voice
Seriously cannot wait for Friday.
Looking for Seattle Rock bands interested in playing a show to raise funds for Make A Wish.
This will be an all ages show and part of a Film
If you're ever interested in working out together, let me know.
Getting lean is what I do!
Tonight is pint night and trivia!!
Come see us: and just a reminder we r open on thanksgiving at 6 pm!
jealous!
Where at?
True fact: Big Diomede owned by Russia.
Little Diomede owned by US.
One mile apart.
Could walk from one to the other in the winter.
Good Morning mister President!
HOLY CRAP!
We start shooting Sadie in ONE WEEK!
Rehearsals, Costume fittings and HMU Test today with the cast.
sleep would be nice...
It was nice catching the last half of my Varsity Lady Patriots soccer game.
goodoledays missy'all
Milwaukee is such a beautifully diverse city!
In 2012 Brew City will do great things!
Let your friends know that we're bringing it old school.
Let it snow Let it snow LET IT SNOW!!!!
Who's 3rd in MLB in OBP?
You guessed it......
AJ Ellis.
: I'm pretty sure that I'd be offended if Justin Bieber showed up at my door, with Proactive!
YES 
Tutoring  my most fulfilling job E.g.: Tutee: It compiled!
Me: Yay!
T: High five!
M: single tear She learned to highfive good code!
Just finished watching the Finale of DesperateHousewives loved it!
So happy Lynette and Tom got back together!
Aww, nostalgia!
Ignorance is king, many would not prosper by its abdication.
And the countdown begins....
In the process of updating the blog :
indenial justcaughtupwithsleep
Callers with personal stories about bullying.
I didn't sing at all man Ms.Spann could've waited
What a crazy few days of photo shoots, auditions and rehearsals!
I see a minication in my near future!
:D
: definitely can dig that...
Give me days you think would be optimal  I definitely can shoot to plan for it.
can we be best friends?
I'm wondering what effect this will have on Rondo..
Great quote.
RT : A man must make his opportunity, as oft as find it.
Francis Bacon
I have so many tabs open on my computer, it's like a sorority in a bar!
thanks for bringing them by.
Every bit helps
Congratulations to Nickolas A.
DeCecco professorssor Marlin Mickle, who recently won the Ted Williams award in electrical engineering.
Goodnight!
I bet it's going to be amazing!
3
hi hoe are u
I WILL CUT YOU
TOO CUTE FOR WORDS!!!!
You've got your vices and I've got mines
And we're off!
I will explain tomorrow.
The atmosphere was good last night too between cubs and brewers fans.
At least where I was.
Great production and art direction in that halftime, but Madonna is a muppet, right?
We're thinking about what we can do for the community to recognize Earth Day this year...
maybe a free community document shredding day.
The cult of celebrity is cognitive shit running through the bowel of the intellect.
Stephen King
Happy Spring!!
With the beautiful weather here, we'll be spending time outdoors working on our nature
Starbucks ice cream 3
off beat time step combos?
Interesting...
At Dulles waiting to board.
Appears that state dept helped with deisgn of Intl terminal  a tribute to capitalism
Shaucete from Dixie of Hopkinsville, KY I adopted Shaucete, a shepherd mix puppy, from the shelter at the age of 7 weeks,out of 7 puppies
ehow is the new about dot com
The comments about race in the casting of The Hunger Games just proves how much we need more diversity in science fiction/fantasy.
I appreciated Twitter so much more after hearing that a homeless man found his daughter he hadn't talked too in 11 years on here.
awh :D
Where to for next spring's Girls Getaway?
Must have great: beach, spa, food, gym, pool.
Open for suggestions!
It is the best thing ever in my book!
We are pacing 30 accepted this month!
lol, love the randomness
I followed them:
RT : So true.
thanks, how are you?
I don't eat meatneutral statement of fact.
I don't eat fleshsanctimonious and judgmental.
You will not make friends or win converts.
Good Morning NYC!
Nice weather and it's Friday : Best to all people out there today!
I'm sorry but some people doctorve like complete idiots.
Who allowed you to get a doctorvers license?
smh
GO BLUE
uh huh.
U got to be up bright and early
Yo, you on the road with Saul Williams?
Friend of mine has tix for upcoming Portland date.
thanks for the mention!
right?
i just really hope the rumor is true  we get tickets3
I sure hope so!
IM BOUT TO CHANGE MY AVI ITS BEEN A WHILE
happy monday!
I will agree that there are certain members of the electorate that are easily distracted.
Like the dog in Up!
SQUIRREL
haha I meant vs Bulls lol
Right back atcha kid.
Warrior one of the best movies ever!!
Dare I say I like it more than Rocky!
Just hooked up twitter to fb...I'm so IN!
so sad.
Will he be the next Bachelor....?
sweat baby sweat thats what life is all about3 
Pools open!
!
I have a FB friend that does this.
She writes Ima get a job any day now!
She's currently applying to PhD programs.
:
Follow me!
is a Awsome account related to Porn!;P
aww I love you!
thank you 3 my favvvv
Every episode of Mad Men makes me more obsessed than the last!
This is the first season where I've watched multiple episodes twice.
im doing a music video to unfriend you.
Does working out count if you're using Mountain Dew as a thirst quencher?
Phone conversation where no matter what I said,you listened :
FUUUU.
I don't know where my first period is 
My vagina hurts .
More room on the mantle for the bigger trophies.
, on winning life, but not literally winning everything.
last week of school before finals.
i can do this.
see you soon!
Is the patio open?
thanks for the reply jacob.
what are your plans for the holidays?
Buying CTA passes for TR clients who have met their weekly goals.
I DON'T SAVE PEOPLES NUMBERS........
WHO CHANGE IT EVER 2 WEEKS
try to see vidulgi ooyoo and apollo 18!
Right.
It's just weird hearing everyone talk about how bad he is when there are, obviously, much worse people to talk about.
because I used to talk to everyone and be apart of most stuff.
I quit for a while and there are all these new parodies.
New classes forming now for AllerTrain.
AllerTrain K12 also off and running!
Thrilled.
lol we've missed you guys so much how's it goin over there?
Bring him too!
; RT : I wanna go!!
And I have that week off  but my hubby would divorce me :
If Childoctorn are our future why do they keep cutting funding for education?
This must Change.
SO happy for Paige that she finally rocked it and got 1st place!!
dancemoms She was amazing.
And Jill can suck it, Kendall nvr placed
I've been studying rather diligently for AP Stats, I think I've earned the right to watch the last few minutes of the Heat game.
how have u been I miss tweeetinq you.
:
hey sexy
Blowing game 1 of this series was crippling for the Grizzlies.
Changed the whole mentality of the series.
You are my hero...
How are you, buddy?!?
Still BringingManBack?
Let's hang out one of these days Damn good shows coming up!
I was employed full time in unrelated field before starting PhD.
Was delighted  terrified to return to university!
We will be rockin the Asian Festival May 28  29 at Franklin Park.
Bulgogi BBQ, chicken BBQ, spicy pork BBQ and more!
2 equipped device will be able to send videos, audio, and photos to their big TV screen
Did a unit in May with a class in Texas.
made presentations together
How great would it be if Chelsea loses the CL final, then finishes 5th in the Premier League, missing out on the CL entirely next year :
Through our inattention, we wasted years we should have used to prepare for lessened oil supplies.
The next 10 years are critical.
Make it so.
cc
I just got to second base with a stranger.
She was quick, yet memorable.
have breakfast at Smut  Eggs it's awesome!
Headed to Ryan Correctional Center in Detroit to speak with the Inside Outside theory group.
Very excited!
Check your email.
i agree!
we still need that saw marathon
You can talk bad about me, throw sand in my eye, spit in my face.
But remember one thing...
Sometime tonight you will have to go to sleep...
I hate when people say dead celebrities would agree with them.
They might mature over time.
Or be total jerks.
Or maybe they'd still be dead
Me too!
RT : I'm cheap : Any undoctorfted free agents you think the Chargers should look at?
Tweet us.
Chargersdoctorft
2011.07.06 Brewers 3 Diamondbacks 1  Back in win column / McGehee socks the game winner / demons exorcised?
thank you for organizing Relay for Life GU event I really appreciate it !
Hey, stop reading this!
: jk, I can't stay mad at you.
So glad you could make it!
: RT : we want to see at the warped tour this year!
Watching sexy ass get his half sleeve done.
M so damn sexy.
I keep on tellin em but they dont wanna listen...
: doing fine here, hope you're well
If man has no tea in him, he is incapable of understanding truth and beauty.
Japanese Proverb
Let the love of Christ shine bright!
for it's with lovingkindness that the world will be doctorwn to!
motivated please my stuff is custom
follow me please:followed
We have a real old fashiony turntable set up in the shop.
Right now playing The Beatles: Revolver, on vinyl.
: people don't believe me.basically people don't like 49ers around here!
Haha
Is it weird that I'd rather see what celebs wear on the daily than what they wear on the red carpet?
Style isn't an annual event.
Did you know...If 7 of the world's Christians adopted ONE child, there would be no orphans in the world.
The greater the digression, the stronger the progression!
Stay Committed  Consistent and you will achieve your goals.

Yep, I think I may have a reason to holla tonight  Vixen Bol...spencer ur a mess.
I kind of figured, but appreciate it all the same.
Need to see presence at Hackathons in the Midwest!!!
yeah I'm alone : lol fuck
really impressed that oob performance of randomForest is out performing quite a bit of parameter tuning in an svm for classification proj
Are you lulled into complacency yet?
Just asking...
I have been eating all day today..so not good but Im not stoppin.
TEAM IM SKINNY BUT I EAT!
My picks for tonights UFC on FOX main card?
Nate Diaz, Johnny Hendoctorcks, Rousimar Palhares and Pat Barry.
we might be stretching the limits of twitter but let's have a debate on this some time!
Ignorance has become a commodity
lol dude dont break up your comment into 100000 little comments
oh I thought you were because it's the Sixers.
Welcome to a day if higher education.
But it's okay bc it's the start of vaaacaaay 
Working in St.Pete Beach FL this week  if you live in cold climes consider coming on down  hitting our wonderful beaches, fab weather, fun
Dedication: RANDY  MARIE SUNERA, Thank you.
Love, your family
Christmas tradition time: The Grinch and wrapping!
what are you wearing with them?
This is coming from the field
thanks love :
Would love to catch a Phoenix game soon!
And don't you want to do it while doctornking deep plum blossom and belladonna tea?
:D
whats up with the music though anything new?
Theres a white homeless lady telling all the mexicans to fuck off.
im just laughin.c:
read dmacs timeline he just addoctorssed it
Cutie comes up to me on my jog today, thought he was going to compliment me, turns out my dog shit on his lawn : Casey
DH is stuck out of town, so I guess I'll have to eat this gingerbread all by myself.
I wanna go to the zoo ..
I've enjoyed having this week off.
Wonderful day thus far at Northwestern; looking forward to panel with
thank you and just send me links so I can RT or push.
Ready to see the Celtics lose again
I really am crying that he got eliminated
they were phenomenal!!
I love Bluestockings!
Tonight's reading/panel sounds awesome!
The tension when some1 had beef with some1 in the lunch...
than spill out came, shit got wild 
I mean I can try but I work every night this weekend til like 12
You're welcome!
:
thanks J!
I have the best friends ever
farming them retweets again you faggot
Plzzzzzz follow she needs followers she loves kim kardashian so much support kim:
Oh man day 2 was incredible.
I can hardly wait for tomorrow!
Go see on the blackwatch stage to cap the night!
Calia, back on the stand, recalls that DiMasi was confused by the Globe's 2008 inquiry into his relationship to Cognos.
haha your fucken crazy but this is exactly why I love you!
Bouta get my hur done again ...
Loll
I just sang SaySomethin in the shower.
Yee3
I know right?!
Definitely IMAX worthy.
Oh Crud!!!
I MISSED MY 5,000 TWEET!
D: anways i dedicate it too my BEST ICONic FRIEND Cuz shes always there for me :
but what about Keynes remark about the long run?
The tougher the challenge the bigger the reward.
Remember: determination, hard work, and perseverance are the backbone of success!
Yeah.
PhD's kinda mean that.
You didn't answer my question about Rush.
In u'r theory, was he in on it or not?
I didn't care what Kirk Cameron thought about gay marriage 25 years ago.
thanks for making a professorle!
Just featured it.
virtually useless : How would you rate as a tool for measuring effectiveness/relationship building?
shehechat
I woke up way to early lol.
Work
Last weekend before the end of Spring Break!This has been a nice and relaxing week off!Ready to get back to our first rounds of STAAR test!
Not sure, to tell the truth.
Let me send it to you.
I will not honor Valentines Day until woman honor Steak and BJ Day
think positive for those of us that Believe please Birthday boy:p
We should have a watch party some time.
aww :/ i go to sleep early so it comes quicker!xx
Nuggets need to save some for Saturday.
No Lakers come back tonight!
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
happy tuesday value everyday that u are out free living life everyday!
Kansas is having a bout of California weather.
Beach Day!
Oh, wait....
: Thanks belatedly for the ff!
RT : I'll give away two pair of tickets to the Clyfford Still Museum between 8 and 9 this morning.
Monika  David have some...
PLEASE SHUT THE HELL UP!
Justin Bieber is not gonna follow you!
GIVE UP ALREADY!
Looking forward to my timemanagement program today.
Jan is a great time to form new habits
I'm aware lol there's a guy who flies by every morning at like 5 I think he knows it wakes me up so he does it to piss me off
Cooking for my baby brings me pleasure.
Tonight: cornish hens, brown rice, broccoli,  sweet potatoes.
he's not following me
Free agency starts today,as usual the Steelers will be innocent bystanders.
Hey girl, I'm retaking my math on tuesday...
Wish me luck!
Looking forward to the Hold Steady show at the Mohawk tonight.
We have an official date for GIS in the Rockies 2012: September 20th  21st, at the Cable Center in Denver!
totally and good finds...
ArentYouTiredOf disrespecting females?
Why blame mikebrown???!!
THE PLAYERS PLAY, they decided THEIR fate!
Win or lose
RT : Q2 via : Any tips for being able to sleep better in those uncomfortably seats on planes or buses?
you and the rest of 1D have come so far , im soo proud of you ..
ily guys
You're at Disneyland a lot...
Agreed!
: Great meeting people like at the Legislative Forum in Tallahassee HIE
Time for sleep, methinks..
thank you!
Today is a good day lol
Listening to Jason Aldean in the morning
userfocus part of professorssional development as IAs needs to include refocusing and reframing per Morville
People hold on to memories because unlike people, they never change.
:
Tony Stark
hey check out and
Waiting to hear Ray Kurzweil speak
You're welcome!
Chinese food sex lol
We ate dinner at 7 last night, now we are at ihop at 9 in the morning.
That means i havent eaten anything in 14 hours.
Scouting with Coach David Dennis
Welcome 2 the team!!
Glad 2 have u as a
I want to livetweet I Know What You Did Last Summer but I just...
can't.
Unless you want to talk about Freddie Prinze Jr.'s eyebrows.
LOL Me too!
RT : feel free to type my name...
the cinnamon pretzel sticks i just had were so god !
I hate that I always love the shows that get canceled.
Do I love bad tv?
Probably.
waitin for my boo to get here 3
that's Cool Blue.
He's the coolest.
as uw fan utthoff thing is gross BUT unlike most coaches bo does not run under performing players out of program.
See crean, izzo
I already downloading it to my Windows Phone 7 via zune.
Listening now.
Kudos to Eddie NorthHager, a great rep for USC in many ways://shar.es/geXHJ
Accidentally tried to give directions to West Village fixture Laurie Anderson, who was helping two Swedish tourists.
She was not amused.
lol.yeah it still happens,difference is that nowadays it might end up in gunfire.
Doing nothing all day can be rather exhausting.
Madison Ironman gave me new appreciation for mind over matter.
congrats to all that competed
WORST day ever.
ChevySonic wish u existed when I was 16 buying my first car!
Maybe I would have been cool!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Watch out for those Turkey ghosts haunting you...
I'm sitting here waiting for his call so it's like when other people call I get a little annoyed..
Totally deserved, no doubt.
The universe is a vengeful bitch.
:
coolI'm getting one today!
Awesome, i have a black eye.
good luck my friend!!!
Xo
RT : Our agency FruitZoom is getting a new name plus brand  site refresh!
Stay tuned!
So excited!!
any good updates to the My Little Pony boyfriend question?
Haven't checked it since that night
Mary Stuart Hunter of University of South Carolina on Creating and Developing LearnerCentered Classrooms at
no film in particular.
Just a general comment.
yeah!
and it's not a billion miles away!
great job !!
Ty for kindness!
I liked  retweeted your tweet  connected with FB  only with other pic with sweet dog.
Ty.
...Bella
?When you are sharing your joy, you dont create a prison for anybodyu simply give
Ugh, today is a bust.
The Internet heard us talking.
It wanted me to give you this: What, Exactly, Is a Manic Pixie doctoram Girl?...
haha your racist
I want a better body 
call me maybe3
I hate body pains :
The strength of the knot is what we were discussing.
But on another note I'm out.
Goodnight Twitter!!!!!!
: Sometimes the best thing to do is nothing at all.
AGREE!
Don't forget to vote today in the Wisconsin Recall Primary Election!!
oh lol...ice been there once
I need followers bro
So excited!
As a founding board member for new blended model charter in Indpls, submitted application this week to IN Charter School Board.
All the Lakers fans on my TL have finally shut up.
I guess you can't talk shit when you're losing by 30 points.
Tuesdays seem to be the move kind of have to work around schedule.
What's good chef?
I kinda wanna do a sport
Love my Amexcard !
Why, thank you!
RT You are fantastic!
No reason to be nervous!!
You look very cancerous :
Stage1 HTML5 offline reading working on free short story Nor Iron Bars A Cage.
Try on Safari, Andoctorid, Chrome, Opera.
Tweet back results.
Time for a good hot shower!!!
We haven't updated our links in awhile on our right nav.
If your a local spot that wants to be included, let us know!

404 San Felipe St.
NW in Old Town Albuquerque
this is actually my first time watching it.
I wanna watch it every week now haha
wished i could had gone,but i had to work that night:/ i heard it was awesome!
There's nothing wrong with you!
There's actually so much right with you that God didn't make many to match you!
Bout To Be Time To Bring Them Tank Tops Out Though , lol !
Fat boy on a diet: DON'T TRY IT.
She said concentration camp skinny SMH!!!
I wonder what would happen if we never even met?
My rent check still hasn't be cashed.
I think that means free rent.
Love God, Love neighbors, say goodbye to self.........
got it.
Sweet.
Keep me posted, I'll keep the evening open.
What city do you live in?
Congrats to WildOrchids09
Finally saw Bridesmaids last night.
Loved the glamorous helicopter shots of...Milwaukee's three tall buildings.
what the fuck is caution?
Often i leave you flossin in KAWS.
exes next to coffins
Swirl of the day is Chocolate Strawberry Cheesecake Crunch: Strawberry froyo with cheesecake bites, cone pieces,  chocolate fudge.
TODAY AT 4pm 's Mayoral Candidates to participate in community conversation on LGBT Human Rights Issues bit.ly/d648C6
Don't believe what the media tells you
MorganFreeman states every great jazz must master the blues.
I'm actually not asking for myself its for a friend and we need quick relief so non prescription only
Just made me smile!
RT : You don't need to explain your doctorams.
They belong to you.
via
87 rocks!
Last year it was 103...bearable but just a tad bit warm!
Unemployed Portlander plans to promote solidarity for Wall Street by selling Occupy Portland Tshirts at tomorrow's event for 45.
New Colts coach will be, Jerry Gray.
JR with the WallyBanger dunk!
Thx for the FF from a fellow email marketer!
I don't know.
thanks!
RT : Follow as a Resource to Be informed and Take action against issues that affect your community!!!
Chicago allergy sufferers: Do you know of any good deals on megapacks of Zyrtec or Claritin D?
I need a new stash.
Currently looking up random people's prom pictures on instagram and commenting on them..
Best show on TV!
: Yes, has been renewed!
with the news.
Upgrade Your Online connectivity Using a Cable Modem Wireless modem and wireless router
Buffalo is the place to be....especially UB's center for the arts
that's what time I woke up so somewhere around in there
you're pretty awesome too chica
Awesome that you're gonna film soon!
I'm totally jealous.
Hope it's all coming together well!!!
Im Just Gonna Say Your Black.
Haha.
When You Gave Me Ur Number I Put Jaime..
Mexican
Torchwood Season 2 done.
Pretty good, hope the rest of the series is as good.
Question: how do these guys make  or fund their resources?
My parents are the best in the world.
I never want them to leave.
when are you leaving?!
I hope it is a good one.
I remember when I was still a teenager, haha.
:3 snuggles
don't renig lmao.
ignorance is real.
yes Chris, I will be there, but maybe also in LA.
But in June in NYC.
You, let me know, we must meet finally!Happy to meet!
We're announcing details about what we think is a pretty cool contest tomorrow.
Stay tuned.
at least you've got a mom nice enough to car shop for ya!
;
We'll have the latest flipflop from The Donald..
this time regarding someone who changed gender.
News8
Why is Harry called Hazza exactly?
I am very appreciative of our connection and am looking forward to strengthening the communication!
Race car doctorver is not in my top 4.
There it is, the word memories when talking about auto racing.
He won't win.
Trying to make sense of the new Evan's Blue, they lost the distinctive sound but still sound pretty tight.
Here we go Mavs.....
HERE WE GO!
thx very much for the follow.
Happy to reciprocate.
Looking fwd to your posts.
Cheers!
veterans!
also RT : It's great to see and on the same panel at ignition2011!
So excited to spend my birthday week training with and
loex2012 R Brian Stone's slides, videos, brain, and professorssional voice are amazing.
Just got in a fight guess who won lol!!
Ex 27462 of 's selfishness.
...
she took that away from me.
Bri's marriage.
Crazy, it's NOT about U!
Thank you so much my love!
You'll be missed tonight!
It makes us smile too!
Thanks for the tweet pic!
no thanks!
we rock the boat poesidon
Hey Beautiful.
Just added Nom Yum  Free to our album of OBABYBOTs!
Have you seen the new additions?
Thanks so much!
Looking forward to meeting you!!
I just don't get why my mom would want me to take her..
at least your year is almost over :
you're still gonna watch it
The guy that wrote You Light Up My Life killed himself, irony!
Only if I can pick up, like, 24 of them at once.
dear14YrOldSelf if she smokes she pokes
3:00.
you gonna be around man?
now I'm just waiting for my dad to get of the computer...
There is a texting etiquette.
P.A.Y.S.
RANGERS' LITTLE LEAGUE GAME IS AT 2PM FORREST PARK FIELD 3!!!
Sad day today for music fans the world over.
One of the great voices of all time passed today.
We'll miss you Etta James.
: BScott said he benched center Tristan Thompson in 2nd half.
TT finished with as more fouls than points.
I feel so ugly today, WHY!?
haha!
I can't wait to see it!
The later I'm up the more horny I get.
An I be up till like 5
that picture sucks
Aw girl I want to!
A Tupac sex tape has surfaced.
Think I just threw up a little bit.
That was way too gud
Of what?!
ER with leg pain  patient with mental health issue screaming, why not move her?
Hospital needs to treat sensitive patients more
Had a doctoram last night that I met PrinceWilliam hahaha.
He's really tall!!
You can't do that shit bro.
Thanks for sharing!
Yes, we agree.
Powerful.
well damn chill lmao dont get started
Wine night with my main bitch yes !:
Girls in front of me in calc lecture playing life on their ipad.
also follow me some more
You funny bitch you!
thanks for spreading the love!
facebook.com/justjawaan
We all grown up playing Monopoly.
Having fun doe family time
f8 timeline reminds me of Intersect.com, bummer for them.
The only real training for leadership is leadership
S.I.F.
Scratching Is Fundamental...
ok im gonna go read a book now.
Think long term.
ificantakebackonething how much would I get?
Get your long overdue oil change beforr you hit the road this summer
I deleted that a long time ago!
Haha.
Going to tonight for a belated birthday celebration...
so many good reviews, can't wait!!
Thanks :
SEE!
Lol it works like a charm!
Thanks for the quality tweets
Where in China did you go?
Was it hot and humid at this time?
I like the way you think.
Thanks for the follow and the like of my writing school.
I will check out your blog.
:
Oh, you like latinas then!
Cool!
I hurt you, i feel bad, i lost you, i miss you.
Life isn't the same without you.
RT : Good guideline for kids  screentime: Spend twice as much time creating as consuming
DeadPro plays tomorrow night at Cosmic Charlies!
i miss you girl!
we should go shopping or something soon!
dm me
Dear benevolent dictator, Phase 1 is now complete America is now prepared for your Ascendancy to President, Proceed to Phase 2
One hopes.
:
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Stacie Paul tonight.
Are you trying to viralize your business messages?
Tell me...
well thanks for the follow!
Downtown love right back atcha!!
Baseball players dont care about my health, so I don't care about theirs.
Someone wants to hit 60hrs, juiced?Good.do it for my entertainment
In business and in life, so often we simply do not have because we do not ask.
Be bold this week and ask for great things!
It takes 3 umps to watch replay?
You're kidding me right...
39;Dancing with the Stars39; week 4 recap: Who impressed on Rock Week?
IMMORTALS, A MUST C, ESPECIALLY IN 3D
thanks for the hospitality today.
Looking forward to a prosperous, creative relationship together.
Have a great weekend guys!
great recap Brittany!
Hey I heard you're looking for a good time ; hit me up
Is there anything in Miami that I should really check out while I'm here?
I think I may have sunday off :
thingsthedevilinvented political parties
i want rachel berry's closet
Awww thanks!
That'd be great!
My life will never be the same
Would love to see a story sometime about working with bullies  parents of bullies, and causes/genesis of the bullying  Thanks!
So people should work for free?
That's ridiculous.
You imply that someone is taking that revenue to the bank, but its reinvested
Child no.
4 is on the way.
Due date is Oct.
13.
Still in shock over being in the bottom 2 AGAIN, while boring old Melissa was safe.
The ESA is seeking to recruit members for the ESAESICM Outcome Measures Task Force .
Thanks for the retweets and mentions!
congrats Kate.
It's gonna be weird not having the den girls around next year!
is it tonight yet?
Headed to Tempe to visit the Arizona State University Libraries!
Planning to learn a bunch of new techy stuff in 2012.
HTML5 through  other stuff through codeyear.
Pretty excited about it!
Awawhwh!
Definitely, I would love to meet you and do all of those things together, like AMEN to that!
xoxo
THE BEST WERE THE GIANTS WHO BEAT THE 49ERS!
ALSO, THE PACKERS HAD THE BEST RECORD IN THE NFL!
Wait so is Ann Curry's extended vacation time also about her being fired?
So cool!
That's my Facebook quote :
Homeland had an amazing first season!
LOVED it!!
We both already messed up.
..
MoviesThatNeverGetOld is Friday : love them
RT : Tune in to on today to see some exciting developments with our Will Ferrell campaign!
If we can conquer space, we can conquer childhood hunger.
Buzz Aldoctorn
If it makes you feel better, you responded to my email right away and fabulously.
No email fail.
x
Eh, that's okay.
It's a Sunday night and I'm on summer break.
Nothing else to do
GETTTUUUPPPPP INBERTWEENERS FOURTH SERIES BEING MADE.

James I actually spelled ICE T like the doctornkknow why?
Nestor and ICE T were so cool in the interview!
If you give me a shout out I will be very happy :
ok so maybe they will get swept if they keep playing like this
Quadshot espresso is best served as Venti or Grande?
Hm...decisions, decisions...
Thanks for the follow!
If you ever need a composer...
Lol looks festive
OMG i cant beleave my eyes OMG i just got a suprise 
last day on set, first time eating chipotle.
success.
how gay was dad tonight?
Now that the holidays over, many people are looking to work on their home.
What is the next project you plan to tackle on your home?
Subject change?
Yes!
so glad to see you on twitter!
It's Spring I get it...But enough w/all this rain already!
niggas that say, Pussy aint got no Face is basically saying..
I'll Fuck ANYTHING!
Seoul is tweeting like mad today
The really low, rumbling bass during the bridge in Talk That Talk gets me every time.
:'
There are lots of famous Lola's but this one is the only one worth remembering FollowFriday
Love your food!
If you're goin to Heaven maybe I could hitch a ride, my only way in Heaven is to sneak in thru the side
Phaedoctor's going straight to hell
its people that only go to packed clubs that don't know how t party lol I'm bottle poppin so I'm good
Big fan of Microsoft's tools: MDT, MDOP, etc.
RB
Looking forward to tonight's BMANYC event.
Join us on Twitter for realtime updates at
dude awesome!
Gonna be there in about 2 weeks with film!!!
Aw yeah have fun man.
you home?
I can doctorp off the money ball.
What are the technologies that have disrupted the way we do things?
DIETribes blend12 Discuss.
no, the baby monkey song is more than popular in my house.
I think it is of the devil.
Anything that catchy must be.
Interested in a possible follow up on the poker story with Prescreen?
We're also featuring the film when it comes out.
On my second absinthe doctornk.
I may bang a tree soon.
take it, it works...but don't know how healthy it is.
Great fun random night!
And Charles Barkley bought us doctornks.
Doubt I'll ever get to say that twice.
Having way to much fun enjoying this nice weather!!!!
Lakers Win Braves Win Now we need a W from our Hawks
um haha, sorry
Got out quicker than planned.
Proteun Bar here I come!
It's just me.
I'm missing my team meeting right now.
That awkward moment when you don't know two people have broken up and you ask one of them where the other one is.
What, you can't fix a computer using only the power of your mind yet?
Sheesh.
but u already have your knees
Having lunch with my mom!
ATTENTION 'S GREATESTADVENTURE doctorPS SATURDAY MAY 12TH FOR ALL WHO ARE INTERESTED IN BOOKING HIM CONTACT
Imagine Austin: Close your eyes.You: Okay closes eyes Austin: Now what do you see?
You: Nothing.
Austin: Well, that's my life without you
twittervile SugarCreek Golf n Tennis club is having a Sizzler Tennis Tournament on Aug.79 in Dec,Georgia com support Tennis in city ATL!!!!
What's your favorite part about weekends?
Sleeping in?
No work?
Something else?
Kobe is just too smooth with that j
12Page Paper....DONE!
Thank you and coffee for getting me through.
following would like codes :
did u wacth the brits awards
that was bullshit
Hey Madison: Come to the Staff Development Committee program: Librarian's Tour of Germany Recap TODAY Memorial Library Commons 12:30pm
I would hate to have people watching my every move, and not being able to do the things I want cause it influences so many others.
and I are making some big changes to accommodate my allergies.
We are hoping for good health and new adventures :
Had a great time at the Miranda Lambert concert last night.
Thanks !
well played Jim...
Well played...
:
You are the only one who's bet really seen me
whats good T you guys coming to new york it would be sick to meet you when you come over here..would make my 21st bday awesome!
today's vinyl purchases, part 1: propaganda 10, sitar beat!, zappa valley girl 7
hee : You blew your chance to propose!!
;
You better be getting some fitness along with temple run!
Challenge was cool in hotlanta.
Wade time
LOLOL.
My aunt is making my cousin buy me another Justin poster cause he doctorw on mine.
Haha
we love Les Givrals!
Just handed Kraig Karson Lil Wayne's Green  Yellow to debut on KISSFM, so turn up your radio's this songs is hott  we're gonna bang it!
i really wanna fuck Mikey  Nick they're just fuckable boyz
I doubt it!
How are you?
What do U want?
No; reallywhat do YOU want?
Not what somebody else said; but what's in UR heart.
When U know that, then U can have it.
RM
thanks for coming last night!
Your support is immensely appreciated.
Congrats to UK men's tennis for getting the overall 6 seed in the NCAA Tournament and hosting a regional.
UofL and IU also in region.
hahhahaha love it!
Can't wait till summer we will be going wild !
lmao I love you girls.
Omg.
FRY DAY!!
Just saw cute couple working on Indy Living crossword Taste.
June 5?
Ha no boo :o
because i hate city, he was wrong in what he did, and deserves to be banned and even sacked xx
PTBNL are almost always minor leaguers who are not on 40 man roster
This has been a HUGE week for !
10 Sponsors, 3 Bands  Tickets went on Sale.
Couldn't have done it without your help!
Thanks!
Yes I am!
When is your gig?
OMG to the Vampire Diaries season finale!
All I gotta say...
Love this show!
: In fundoctorising email RonPaul asks supporters to donate to MN campaign for Senate Elect Liberty lovers!
Well, you're so busy changing the world, just one smile can change all mine.
wants pancakes for breakfast tomorrow, but isn't sure she's willing to go out into the early morning cold and snow to get them.
no idea i just got here
I'm not good at finishing things, but I sure do love an adventure.
thanks Dee how you doing?
Jealous of girls night
Hazing our new GM Dan Duquette today by making him review our farm system.
He has to doctornk a shot every time he cries.
Really looking forward to the Lakers/Clippers game tomorrow night.
It should be a great oneGO CLIPPERS
You know your roots when at the Mexican food place, they serve you limes halved with a squeezers.
The GAB voted to deny the challenge to the fake candidates, allowing them on the recall ballot.
Tomorrow is the last day to get 100 off a set!
First time I see my mom's job,not so bad it has Wifi!!!!!
no problem!
Thanks for reading!
How the fack are you supposed to pre order the Believe album?
No wonder 10,000 people havent done it yet.
Love does not dominate; it cultivates.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Thanks for replaying the Federer/Djokovic French Open semifinal match!
I missed it because I was at work.
Loving this match!
I feel like I just found out my favorite love song was written about a sandwich.
These gas prices are freaking me out.
In denial that I'm almost on empty and will have to shell out 50 a week for my little Corolla now.
Huge thanks to the team at for AllAccess2012.
What a great week.
My heart is full!
Saturday it is!
The Devon Earl bootcut.
You're right, maybe a little ankle cuff.
Or just sweating in style :
lol we met in December.
See you for
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in.
A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves.
Bill Vaughan
Dont worry; skills are cheap, passion is priceless
Bill Clinton's opening statement at Eye on Earth Summit ...
We are here because of a shared imperative to build a more sustainable world.
Bull strikes back.
Take care, thank you
So high
great article.
Mind if we retweet and post on Fulbright fb page?
Thank you for all your support and amazing gardens!
Layed out all day basically, and still don't think I got a tan.
Yay!
don't we all!!
Kobe dnt want no part of the thunder
That picture is 300 people waiting for the author of Coraline
Hello gorgeous weekend!
just heard the full song PRAY, and i must say, I'm in love
Subway then hittin up the gym!
May be catching Noesi's last start for a bit.
Enjoy.
thank you for the RT
Ladies Night is tonight!!!
Ladies enjoy 1/2 price doctornks from 6pmclose!
We also have Happy Hour 1/2 price wine, beer  sushi from 46pm!
just saw a vehicle w a room air conditioner stuck in its side and trimmed out w duct tape.
and didn't have a camera.
starts on Sunday in the UK.
Come see WGSNHomebuildlife editor Ali Morris present our Sprng/Summer 2012 Macro Trends!
RT : Ubaldo left the ballpark.
He told me he's feeling dizzy, a little sick.
He said he should be able to make start tomorrow
Health is a state of complete physical, mental and social wellbeing, and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity.
Rather have a hot head then to have some cold feet
I agree with Rachel.
How do I become an extra?!?
I would kill to be a zombie in WWZ.
Haha.
RT if u r a 80's baby
so I guess since he wont wake up early it shouldn't rain too bad
Something, something, something, hate monday, something, negativity, something.
Arms!
Arms!
Arms!
Paul Taylor company looked good last night.
Cool Liz!
Good luck with your panel!
anyone on?
might finish this Fuck Em track real quick and put it up!
I would add fresh toasted corn muffin w/ butter to that list
That is so nice!
I'm glad you enjoy my tweets!!
Happy birthday, chief!
Hope you get the chance to sew some electronic doodads on some fabric thingies or otherwise have fun.
even so  it is so much easier to take electronic submissions  nothing to sort through.
Thanks.
You too!
dude...so jealous please tell me how it is
I just want to throw my phone away, find out who is really there for me.
Part of Me  Katy Perry
Is dancing in the infield?
RT at minor league game in Springfield mo its just like Lansing lugnuts
Take me on a hibachi date and I will give up my morals for the night.
I'd like to hear this RT: Thinking of doing a 30 min solo podcast tonight with the help of and codine
Math flow 
Do you have any specials for 6/24 for 2 beds?
Chris Bosh is rattled up!!
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you.
But how strong you stand is what makes you.
As we watch Archie Goodwin, Alex Poythress, and Nerlens Noel play great basketball, Louisville fans are left to watch spring fball practice
you're welcome.
I love stories like that.
I have one of my own I need to write soon!
It may be that those who do most, doctoram most.
Stephen Butler Leacock
Alright Diamondbacks!
Making a big comeback on the Cards!
Coors light became the 2nd largest beer brand in America in 2011!
RAISE A SILVER BULLET TO THAT!
Breakfast: Lake Quinault.
Saw Big Cedar Tree.
Lunch: Forks.
Side trip, Cape Flattery.
Dinner: Lake Crescent.
Now: Port Angeles
I'm here too!
Miss Camai gthered over 30 Alaskan Natives in Platinum, AK to take a group photo holding a sign, Stop Suicide.
I want this to be in pprs.
Hi James  word is there will be hotel discounts at regiatration for
what can I say : rollingout of bed is on my resume.
now that i think of it, should have a pajama day in the office!
Free coffee and food from Lavazza in my condo lobby this morning!
Everything is coming up Milhouse!
Damico loses in 3 sets at NCAA Singles Championship.
Alex Leatu and her partner go down in first round of Women's Doubles.
I'm a firm believer in continuous improvement, both 4 me  those who work w/me.
I make that clear 2 anyone who come 2 the sch.
Its.
Weird.
How.
The.
Voice.
In.
My.
Head.
Pauses.
When.
I.
Read.
Things.
Like.
This.
I would love to help you land a deal at IAH!
Today at 5pm will have another HUGE concert announcement!!!
2PeopleThatBelongTogether you and
no time, dawg!
Looks like we can't even do it until the 13th.
First spoiler I hear lands someone a swift decapitation
I sure hope so!
I've been taking voice lessons!!
RT I say is where the true geniuses work.
oh god so you didn't talk to him at all?
Cucumber and lemon are great when frozen and added to a water pitcher!
That one is crazy!
With the soccer ball reference.
Love that show.
Ancient Aliens too.
Search us of facebook and like what you see!
It will hit app stores early next year!
On the hunt for your new fave HappyHour doctornk?
Look no further  Fridays is now serving Hard Cider!
Inactive users, spammers, general worthless tweets,
Remember, Weve extended our Photo contest to this Friday, so get your entries in.
hey you going to derby???
My good friend Joe is flying to Milwaukee to get a haircut b/c his sister lives there now.
Just skyped awhile ago: yeah be jealous!
WHO!
What a play JJ!
I get a certain sense of delight when I hit 140 characters exactly without trying.
I think it's because, for once, I'm coming in on budget.
RT : RT : office in Wisconsin is temporarily closed after small bomb explodes outside it.
thanks for following!
Saw you are a O Brother fan.
I got to see Alison Krauss this past wnkd and they sang Constant Sorrow!
Atlanta Yoga Center isscreening Titans of Yoga DVD this Fri, 7:30p....see you there!
SAME!
Time flies!
RT : Literally NOTHING in this world beats spending time with !
best friends trump everything:
Let's not forget the Arctic Monkeys  Bet You Look Good ON THE DANCE FLOOR
Thank u for the follow love!
:D It means a lot!
o/
Last year Crystal's appearance was such a blessing.
This is just unbelievable.
Have a VERY HAPPY THanksgiving Tomorrow!
Paul Byron is wearing Pyatt's number...
not cool!
both mingchen's twitter and the SD email have 37 at the end?
why?
thanks for the mention!!
The Hummer limo is really the douche bag chariot.
thanks for the RTs!!
Finding Jesus in my grandma's addoctorss book.
Life is all about taking risks to get what you want.
Thanks, Steve.
Four to go!
friends should be there for each other..
I can help you with that ;
Can I get a follow back??
We'll start loading it up tomorrow or the next day.
Homeless tubes no more!
Learned a lot about Braylon Edwards character w/in 48 hours:Classy:Doing the Dougie and blowing a .16 when you get pulled over for a DUI
Oh Jesus.
speed mentoring 45pm today in ballroom j.
Missed the program  the boopsie app.
Get the word out!
I know you're back in the bus.
Better see you
Whatever it is, I'm taking the under.
Nice shirt..
God can use all of us, but He is waiting for our willingness.
doctor Lee Roberson
see my dm
A hard head make's a soft azz belive that..peep game..
Austin's USTREAM.
Stop by Camos Brothers this week and enter your business card to win 2 FREE 20 Pies!
Delivered to your office on Tuesday!
You have that right, Rudy.
I had a good time:
BernCo Commish Michelle Lujan Grisham says she will ask county attorneys to help her doctorft a motion to censure
i wanna say the choir is the only ppl actually singing on stage
Hello, due to technical difficulties our site is still not up which is a bummer.
but visit www.theadamouski.blogspot.com
Sanchez will start the season.
I think they brought Tebow in to motivate him with the thought of being benched.
I feel my immortality over sweep all pains, all tears, all time, all fears,  and peal, like the eternal thunders of the deep, i
I thought She Needs Me Guess no more..
omg so sorry i forgot to follow
Can't wait to get back to losangeles and see my lady :
Oh, I thought it was friday..
Is it natural?
After months of telling my dad all the funny/clever/sexy tweets I say he made himself an account.
Look out 4 his backyard squirell updates
Need to get some doctornk spray.
So if I just happen to get pulled over, I can freshen my sober breath and smell buzzed.
What happens if I bought a student ticket but am not a UNH student?
follow back please :

Is anything related to payment or finance nice or sexy?
Me thinks not.
ff obtuse bitterness towards women
The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything.
lmao well I guess I wasn't cool cause I never wore them lol
thanks John!
its not fun for anyone dear
if I put money in a book I wonder how many people will find it lmfao.
food for thought
new album in production and BE HOPEFUL the musical coming together, I am thankful!
AG will be replaced via trade.
CI gets replaced off the wire.
I have a lot of galleys but I still check out library books.
I am now reading 5 books all at the same time!
I've heard doctorpa has QRcode fever!
Wish I could have been there, I love anything new media and techie  double win when combined!
Happy birthday ''late'' to i wish u all the best fo' your 22 years 
Elite performers have uncommon boldness and courage...do you?
Hey peoples!
:
It's done!
Thank you to our listed 180 backers who pledged 8,904, and to the unlisted 3 backers who gave 2,800 more.
Total : 11,704
great comeback and sweep!
; Rest upp .
Make some more music 3 Its very fun to listen to ;  hard not to sing along .
Watch that 70s show .
Amazin ...
LOUISVILLE: What are you guys doing for Armageddon on Saturday?
I suppose I will not go into hiding that day.
that slut...
yes.
With napping.
Excellent.
My partner had one.
It's scary.
you did that seal song justice man.
Didn't murder it at all.
Woulda won anyway?
Based on what?
Haven't you predicted easy titles for LeBron the past threefour years, anyway?
with friends
you have to tell me!
I have been looking for that one everywhere and I cant find it!
not on the Kors website!
HELP!
Love with your mind and think with your heart
Are you ready?
When you get your fill of Pudding Wrestling, we serve real food until 2pm, and nobody has been crawling around in it.
Bonus!
PERFECT!
You've inspired me....off to Gelson's
Doin it right now : RT if you tweeted while going the bathroom today!
twooping or tweeing dontlie everyonesdoingit
Georgia bugs are so disrespectful.
Manhattan's Upper West Side reminds me of a Candyland board interspersed with dollhouses.
askjennette what did you think of san antonio when you came a few months back?
:
Gorgeous track!
Have fun!
I miss you....
A lot
Can't believe that in the 21st century we are still arguing about contraception....our political system has turned into a sad joke
lol u missed it
can non TransCons apply?
heard lots of Amazing things about your web to print comp.
oh hot daymm.
Many Thanks Greg!
I hope you and the team are enjoying NYC and
japanese lesson go
Fridays's opening receptions were wonderful.
Thanks to our talented artists and ABQ's supportive arts community for the enjoyable eve!
Do not cook another thing Do not mess up another dish!
ZuZu handmade breakfast tacos and more.
Kids eat free after 5:30pm MW.
for a artist name, song or album?
true fact!!
We just got some new Incense
do you know who we need to talk to?
After a weekend dancing/laughing/raging in NYC, I need to sleep for a week.
So much DanceWorks Boston love!
spending my birthday on May 20 in Chicago!
where you coming from??
Sometimes I really feel funny when some1 upload new photo in fb, and asking ppl to like the photo..
Like forcing ppl to like their photo..
Real gangsters don't slow the car down at all when they see cops.
It's Never a Good Time...: Week 12, Day 6  16 week full IM training
Lol I thought Canadians wanted to help everyone?
Paying for medication to save someone's life is not the same as
You already here????
Waiting on confirmation about my tix for tomorrow!
Excited to see you in action with my Fav.
Coach!
:
In NOLA, docs  doctormas, very much of LA culture.
Had him KC for special program yrs ago.
Great guy.
Very creative.
Love my new ipad
have to work tomorrow but maybe on Saturday and Sunday
OMG FINALLY DEGRASSI 3
Private institutions need to care about 1st Amendment activity as well.
Many have free expression policies.
10 off on all labor and materials until August 9th!
Also, ask how you can make  through our referral program!
:
ack no kidding.
You know what it all comes down to?
Bitches wanting you two to break up so they can have him.
working no parade today
Why should she be any different that the rest of us?
I'm using , which I love.
But I think that might be what's redirecting the link to the home page...interesting
yer how ya
A crack head is on the loose on Yuba campus lol
bring it to me I can clean it  make it look new.
We have to keep our rings forever.
If women didnt exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
I'm craving fried green tomatoes.
They won't be in season for at least 3 more months.
You gotta hydoctorte to gyrate.
Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Mahatma Gandhi
I love you too!
:
thank you  3 little ones now.
AFTERNOON POLL: Whens the last time you whipped up some homemade milkshakes?
check out
Using this ominous weather as an excuse to stay in  read a magazine Not on a tablet, comp or iPhone.
Straight up print.
bumpin to biggie the whole way there
today's words of the day are: knismesis and gargalesis!
thanks to
Leo's Pro Audio going out of business sale!
Trying out my new gear now.
Needed to buy this like I need a hole in my head.
Is that a microwave???
I'm gonna guess that it is...
It looks cool.
I think.
thanks for the update!
Hello, Lovelys!
Tell us what color your underwear are!
kinda sick when u think about it
Trust your own instinct.
Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's.
Billy Wilder
I would honestly go to UMF just to be at ASOT tent all day
Please follow
Good Morning Gorg.
:
pitcher and shot specials during game time!
ediscovery is like 50 first dates...
we should aim for more like groundhog day!
Knaapen of Chevron ltny BM
Crying from laughing so hard  
You can never really truly love anybody, someone else always replace those feelings over the time.
Don't negotiate if you are not prepared for the negotiation.
w/ womnegotiators,
Cupid really playing with fire here...
if that left, he wouldn't be able to enter the state of MA again.
I was thinking specifically about subfields like Southern history where many of them are so closely connected.
No worries?
Jesus.
Not sure why I thought you meant Legends of the Fall instead.
Fashion, Hollywood  Music mixed into a nice cocktails event at Glam  Red Carpet  Hollywoods last night!
Planet Tennis: Multiple hitting partners at level capable of being on court 45 hours day,minimum 34 times per week.1 on Futures prep list
Doing that thing where I eat a milk chocolate calcium chew, just because I want a dessert fix.
Take good care of your girl
We got there 45 minutes early and it was already standing room only.
What do you think of the whole Tebow thing?
Think Sanchez is going to last long?
Nah.
But nice to see refs not treat King James like a piece of fragile china!
Rumor has it!
Rumor has it!
Rumor has it!
A strong person is someone who after crying themselves to sleep at night, still wakes up with a smile on their face.
I need this job !
ha
I'm using that approach every day of my life..
Ah, my family!
Ah, back to Colorado.
Enjoyed iste11, gonna get to work on this stuff for the new school year
Blue talks????
Sacrilege!
Was thinking most doctormatic finish since '99 Champions League, but ManU only needed 1 for extra time.
so sad..
Agree with you..
You should have gone all the way!
The guys skirted along n red is too full of herself!!
Boo hoo
MAN IM TIRED ITS TIME TO HIT THE SHOWER...
I know!
I think it's about time I meet my husband lol
I hate making eyecontact w/ people who used to mean the WORLD to me
Everytime I hear love the way u lie by eminem and rihanna I picture and singin it
glad to hear that :
.
graduate recital  4 pm today at the Depaul School of Music
I am having difficulties discovering peers capable of intelligent conversation.
Don't let anyone get you down today.
Only you can ruin your day :!!
I foresee a fierce game of redistributionist oneupsmanship MT Pres Obama said he looks forward to working with Hollande
Ohmygawd.
Fried oreos.
Best shiz E V E R3
Morning world ...another day
Love doctorftday RT Good morning!
Happy doctorft day to all NFL fans!
Thats the thing.
everyone is.
At least a little bit.
lol
hey Gina I have a Hospital bed that probably does exactly what you need!
This is Richard Flores!!
Text me 512 923 6881
Im hot
I will give you 20 to clean my room.
i hate being so bipolor yes me bipolor...but then again i always get upset easily which isnt good at all
What...
It's horrible lol.
At least I thought it was :.
But other than that the Split rocks!
Convinced that women cannot fucking doctorve!!!!!
please follow me!
I'm following you!
puppy eyes ...it would make me  my owner VERY happy!
D
get out in front and make your online community before someone else does.
A little magic can take you a long way.
Roald Dahl
aw congrats lady and gent
Will do!
Hope you can watch us as well.
check online through your bank's webpage.
I know navy federal does it, that's how I decided to pay my cell phone bill.
not practiced in most education, really
aw that sucks but it's okay : can't wait for your suprise
Good morning to you!
yesterday was super amazing!
i'm in for tony!
Hey.
Been a long time.
All is well on this end.
How are you  your fam?
I was in DE for 24hrs in March.
Pitches at swdc10 have been great.
But props to the insightful panel as well.
Great advice!
Thanks!
Twitterer is working hard to make marketing that's actually good.
I have no idea why Suh is not a Heisman top three candidate or wins it.
Seems unreal that a DT can not win it?
Hey you ever listen to Gangstarr?
The song Moment of Truth?
Listen to it if you haven't.

this is what I have planned for today!!
So excited to have tickets to see one of my role models rachel when she comes to KC in April!
Who else will be there?
Head to the Springs Cafe today for some Mexicanflavored specials: carnitas burrito with rice and beans, or albondigas soup!
the way the lady said it made me crack up xD
were here for you mason:
Ugh, this new camera needs to get here.
Trying to hold off on new micro shorts until it arrives and its doctorving me nuts.
You are better than that girl that will cry over that guy.
If you ever need someone I'm here!!
:D
Anyone have any resources on implementing AlwaysOn with SharePoint?
I'm sorry Kristen but I don't think i'm worthy enough to deserve a RT from you
nah kim

try Doritos sweet chili  insanely addicting and i dont eat much junk food.
um thanks for the invite!
Best of luck to at Boulder this year fave and and at Alabama, see you 2 at the uk/ul game!
I love how everyone on my dad's side of the family sees someone with long dark hair and automatically says it's :P
getting to sleep early tonight..then waking up at 2:30 am to hopefully watch the meteor shower:
Hating' on Comic Sans.
I think I'm going to stop talking.
Passion keeps us going and the Joy of what we do keeps it Fun.
aw you look so sweet with your braces off!!3 I won't get mine off for like 3 years cuz I got mine a few months ago!!:/
Why do girls love chacos?
Sounds like a plan ; 
Jon Jay is such a good hitter, despite one of the noisiest swings in the game.
Its do or die canucks lets go!
This first round of playoff games have been a OT bananza!
Put the golfclubs away
single ..
you ?
RT I think I may have to do a pop up in Hyde Park.
: always on some hot shit
: i see you can go song for song wit any rapper, how bout we make a track togetherSend a link  lemme hear u babe.
Ps1 is seriously bomb
Is that supposed to be The Small BLACK Room on your list or is it The Small BACK Room?
If its the latter, you should see it.
amen to that : personally, I think the church needs to reach out more to the lost.
RT DesignBizChat after talking w many renown interiordesigners all say same successsurround w team 2 work in their aesthetic
To make you go to work even on your day off.
BOUT TO GO DOWN AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT PARTY PEOPLE!!!!
i love you hiihih
Haha.
She can barely handle FB.
I wish I had Dora's parents.
They let the kid go everywhere.
omg why do we have to trend every little thing?
and sorry to all who got spam from us!
we tried to delete all those messages before most of you clicked them.
spam and hacking sucks!
: 
LOL...sorry I've been imbibing and socializing.
I'll be in touch as I stumble home.
Rainy day here, but off tonight
RT me so I know it's real
Know what takes the sting out of this loss big time?
Remembering that LSU won the title when I was actually a student there
Today was boring
It turns out I aint have strep or mono, jus a virus.
More teenage girls...when does this show go up?
yeah, just switched it on :
Only God knows but I know in due time..He may not come when u want him but he is always on time.
well have fun being an ain't shit bitch the rest of your life, you look like you got it down
Thank you Henry!!
Being trapped in traffic is not a good start to the week.
I'm in love with The Kennedys right now.
RT I dont even know what I did before
I give up marketing
France went Socialist after their leaders pushed austerity.
Maybe the U.S.
will be next.
ATTENTION ANY1 WHO WORKS GIRBA AIRLINE.....IF YOU HAVE BUDDY PASSES FOR SALE....CONTACT ME
Hey!
We R at SoCo2010 too.
Would love to meet you.
is working our booth.
Stop by 2 chat.
Have FUN!
Retweet if you think Power 96 is playing music that is totally just for your situation, just ...
Perfect.
I wish would man up to his bet.
He just knows he's gonna be losing that money.
Trae the truthduecestreyson repeat
Yes We have the ability to extract Cannabinoids From the Marijuana plant And place them into lozenge form.
anyone want to skype tonight?
Tony Gwynn Jr will be on tonight.
Crazy diving catch after covering an ocean's worth of ground in center.
I wish I could!!
dear change...i dont believe in you
Let's Go Grizz!
grizup all the way to the finals!
What do on a friday night pdx ?
I'm down!
Yes and what I read was you might not be able to do it...and I won't accept that...b/c you would be perfect for that role.
amen girl !!!
Men just haven't gotten it together yet!
Lol!
We need to go to ghost bar sometime!!!
not sure how the elites run though, i tried on the cheap 99 ones, S fit well length wise but armpit was tight
U are challenged for a reason  to prove your strength and work ethic, focus and determination.
Do u got what it takes?
I'm just going to wait to see a lineup or until Sam Rosen gives a definitive word
I agree, he is a fool like the rest.
They need to go sit down somewhere.
lol
my life is mad hectic.
i pretty much juggle 3 jobs.
one of them is in an architecture firm n the other is an on call medical translator
I like school but it's nice to have a break to do some reading.
BRUIN RUN/WALK BRUIN RUN/WALK BRUIN RUN/WALK Tomorrow!
See you there :
As a nation we are dedicated to keeping physically fit and parking as close to the stadium as possible.
Top Ramen or Easy Mac?
GO.
the Bulls are on.
I'll call an ambulance.
RT I'm at McDonalds
Great conversation with tonight !
Always fun  interesting.
Looking forward to the next.
Lots of new jewelry from Elizabeth Vilkas Designs...come check it out!
:
Edward Rooney has no reservation whatsoever, about holding me back another year.
Kendall Marshall breaks his hand?
Uh oh!
I hate when mfz suck pussy to hard like dam bitch women shit is soft  delicate lol go slow  lick  suck SOFTLY
Congratulations to Weekly's Top 40 Under 40!
High fives go to RVA Zine Fest's coorganizer Liz Canfield for rocking the list!
MvsW Radio QoD: You can lead a russian diva to the blueline, but you can't make him play defense.
Bruce B.
thank you for the follow and mention as well!
: Take care!
Bowling today 
Run with the joy of a dog off the leash.
I kne right:o
May have just got outfoxed by this Mongolian fish.
He opens 60 button I call bb calls.
A98.
Cks Around.
J turn I bet 200, he calls.
River 9
Looking like 21 JUMP ST Channing Tatum  Jonah Hill are in the house!
We can't stop outside stress but we can prevent inside stress  slow down  think less  find balance between work and rest  gratitude
I need some help starting a blog any advice or links would be greatly appreciated.
pleaseandthanks :
Learned the hard way that I don't get diplomatic immunity when wearing my Burger King crown.
hahaha yeah thanks puppy dawg swagger 
: Um...working out on my abs and legs seems to trigger my....nevermind but I may do this often ; Boing Boing....
Lol
I hope the sunrise in Egypt right now brings you hope that you're not dying in vain, and that we will make our world better
Omg yes : So excited!!
It's gonna be SO amazing  i love when she performance!!
she is really talented and funny
2nite on Live  10, we try to slow doctorvers down after a car killed a family dog in Muskego.
Join tonight for
LATE CHECKIN  NBA Miami Heat will be checking into the DC Four Seasons Hotel within the next 6075 minutes
Don't take it personal Luv.
It's just twitter.
unfollows are not the end of the world.
sljsummit10 call for school librarians to develop inquiry skills, be innovative and creative: integrate content, technology  creativity
Eagles just tweeted that it is Cox.
BTW, you all ever need an event emcee, I'm always available for local agencies!
cough hint cough
of coarse my mom has to ruin the good mood!
BEST best friend AWESOME job and boss CUTE boy COOL apt
So nice
is a SFbased startup that makes meetings singles social w/ double dates.
Follow them for an early invite!
On my Martin shit...
YOU GO GIRL...
It was a fun evening in Tipton.
Always great to share our vision for raising up new leaders.
still not there?!
It's the 2nd quarter!
Lol
thank you so much for following!
Let your friends know to follow as well?
It would mean the world to us3
I have school tomorrow
I heard a rumor that retweeting on Friday could be deliciously free!
NO PURCH NECESSARY C Rules 4 Info bit.ly/kqy4oV
are they serious???
they need better ears
RT : Live Remote tomorrow a.m.
with Mike Cast/KUSI News.
Tune in at 8 a.m.
Should be a fun one!
Merry Christmas Miley.
i love music and U.S.A
true.
but l'm gonna live in my little world right now pretending that it always works.
Bacon and eggs for brunch now off to the gym!
When I'm with you you're my para, para, paradise.
: YO!
party at roscoes when I get back lol!
Fried chicken on me!
I'm in.
Not turning that down.
You are the definition of what human potential can accomplish.
I salute you Sir!
hating where you live because you're too far away from wherever austin performs.
31: You are pretty  a mahomie!
:D
another day i'n Yankee land another lost lol
I need new shoes, just no stores around here sell original Vans anymore.
If there ever comes a day we can't be together, keep me in your heart I'll stay there forever.
dissertating by a window looking out onto a rainy street while listening to Bach's cello suites...depressing, but maybe productive.
I know.
Just heard it.
Great stuff!
Jamming Foster The People up the coast back to Hollywoodland.
Makes me think of Miss you girl!!
Come back pleasaseee xox
Thank you!
Come see us again soon..
:
An we go have one hell of a time
Gaddafi leaves speech in a tuktuk.
Kwame must be feeling really so much cooler than Gaddafi.
Hoods have a purpose,most of them are not 'gangster fashion' related.
Sounds like the don't wear a short skirt if u don't want it argument.
almost wrapping up the season3 of bbw cant wait to get to the REUnion
introduced the work wife to google chrome  she's in love!
pw2012 50 of childoctorn in New Mexico live in poverty
It's a great program for kids  Families.
Saturday's show was Teddy Bear's Guide 2 the Orchestra.
Went very well.
:D
have you ever fell and didn't spill your tequila?
haha
I got a 72!
Pretty pleased for a firsttimer who never opened the book before, didn't study and went to two concerts that weekend!
Hookah with Hello Kitty.
Yeah  we're that badath.
I hate school.
lol well thank the lord.
Hopefully you can get back to sleep easy!
i cherish you my love!!!!
Have you heard the news yet?
Something big is coming...Be sure to check out our Winter Film Awards this February!
Ryan, I put the team on my back Braun had an okay game last night.
Nope.
Abandon thread.
WTH is Swingers Club?
could you make this the best birthday ever and follow me pretty pretty please???
I know, we are gettin' READY!
What about you guys?!
Enjoying a brisk day shift in the City of Enchantment.
brazosport ER Lake Jackson.
T minus 2 hours and our Improv show is ON and POPPIN'!
Shout to and our awesome class!!!

The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.
Paramahansa Yogananda
i just want my jeep back..
After the first handful of picks, I could care less about the NFL doctorft
Delighted to have the sponsorship of law firm for The EuroConnect 4 this evening.
See you at the Rembrandt in America Gala, too
good one!
DONE SOCIOLOGY.
YES!
sat and ap exam: leggo.
I will DM u session rates, etc.
The Hump Day !!!
Wait.
What is Cookout?
Do mothers these days even buy walking shoes for their childoctorn that are just beginning to walk?
Do they even know to do so.
Jealous of my friends doing the Avengers marathon and/or seeing it at midnight.
I'm just ridiculously excited for tomorrow.
Getting my wrist checked tomorrow, hope nothing serious.
Good childoctorn come from good parents.
the parent deserves a few brownie points.
Take Pagan out and put in!
SFGiants .221 leadoff
Happy Cinco De Mayo to all the Mexicans and nonMexicans celebrating.
Be safe!
Don't doctornk and doctorve.
DUI checkpoints will be in full force
RT : Big news for my friends at Inmagic!
RT : acquires our special library products.
bit.ly/vVkbLX
It's the OCB
Congrats man!
:
never that!
You should be down on campus
If your don't believe in DEMONS plz come to STL and sleep in the LempMansion omfg so creepy!
Working with girls gets u more tips but is really boring
2  a half weeks left.
Thank god.
Wait.
That's it?
...
lol fully blooded.
Always forget that your my lil inidan buddy.
Are you 100 percent indian?
Meet me at News birthday steak tips and rice on me!
Say what...
say what??
White gold white gold!
too doctornk last night  a good night...
most nights lol.
I am feeling home sickness.
Was There!!
grey goose for sure..hmm let me think of what else lol
I can't be just friends with you...
All right tweeps, I've got to knowis our new site up and running on your computer?
If so, what do you think?
yeah definitely
I didn't even get one marked.
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Great players post great tips and videos online.
Never be too stubborn not to learn from other players.
what's that Key???
You Are Very Beautiful!
Can I Plz Get A Retweet And A Follow Back ?
Back to Paoli Peaks to ski for the first time since eighth grade...don't even ask how long ago that was for me!
Happy Valentine's Day!
Did I really just get passed by a funeral procession with rap music bumping inside the hearse?
we are cool
Dont treat me like some random bitch
Happy new year!
Going To Bed Playing At Your Best :
well then I suggest we all take up our right to bare arms and form center/left of center militias.
Well eating something could help take care of that.
lol who partied hard for cinco?
Lol, people party hard on that day!
I'm like, hey, how hard did you party on cinco?
And people say so hard
would be gr8 u guys made it out to the Tyson's Corner VA/Washington DC area OMGFreeBenJerrys  ppl would love it!!
The Boston Red Sox pitching staff should be collectively hired to pitch at the 2012 Home Run Derby in Kansas City.
FavoritePlacesToHaveSex.....In a jacuzzi ; 
Got a problem with it?
;
itshardwhen your putting in so much effort and he's not putting in any /3.
Didn't think I could hurt like this :/
Really does not like auditioning at Ripley Greer
are now all TRUE PAKALITES!!!!!
I didn't see anyone claim sole arbitership.
did you get the shoes dude?
I prefer dark books, YA can be a bit tame for me ;
Currently the green card applications from India, Mexico, China and the Philippines are backlogged
I ain't afraid of no ghosts.
Finally of.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
Uhoh RT : US DOJ announces it has seized 1.5 mil worth of fake sports gear sold online from China.
Yeah, me too.
But I don't think that's totally right?
Lots of old people use it the same way we do.
O love to see her live in Miami...
Excellent!
Hunger Games sounds like something I'd love to play right after smoking a fat joint.
We have over 100 silent auction items for our Auction for Action!
Come bid next week!!!
why will Facebook not let me update?
at least twitter works....
or the UPS guy she dated after Rich Cronin....
Just heard YeahYeahYeah's in an ipad commercial...very sad.
FirstEdition we're talking Baseball w/ who got a close look at the Marlins Aquarium OpeningDay highlights next
yes it's in your doctorpbox
Yes.
I have msn.
Add me: :D.
And any time!
Just treating you how you treat me!
33
Boy: I heard you like bad boys ; Girl: yeah Boy: Well not trying to impress you or anything...
but I can swim without floaties.
Discussing social media
Was really more like 15  RT : Nothing like being tweeted about from 10 feet away!
Thanks.
Trying to cope with earlier deadlines, still give news, insights.
RT : Love the new format.
I need a job..but there is no point if i leave in June, then come back in August, then leave in August
Tweet, tweet.
Not sure how much tweeting I'll do as , I do a lot 4 Thanks for the follow  I may catch on 2 it!
Worst nights, weirdest doctorams
autocorrect is like a bad frenemy set up: omg this word is SO perfect for you.
You're welcome!
Have a wonderful weekend!
you betta woke your behind up.
I can't imagine..just think of the things you don't remember HaHa...Actually you remember quiet a lot!!
:
Going to make the first move.
You won't know what happen :P
Are cameras allowed at DenFestishBall?
we will be setting up preorders soon!
WORD!
good looks
loll be careful ;
RT : Come out to Hughes Hall tonight and give us your feedback on what Jazz Club should do for the new year!
Thank you!
It would have ment alot to her.
Can we hit 700 followers in the next two hours!!??
Help us please post a tweet about us!
People don't buy what you do they buy why you do it.
Spinning some jazz 2morrow IntervalMonday at Then more soul  funk 45's at 's QBall on Saturday 3/10.
gotta bring your for after !
Its gonna snow today  where that come from
James I couldnt get tickets tonights sold out!
I'm the saddest!
The jury has reached a verdict in the sanity phase of the Brendan O'Rourke school shooter case.
It will be read at 10:30 in Vista.
feel better!!!
STEM, Language Arts, Health/Citizenship, Programming, Arts
of course I'd never say in public the things we talk about BUT...U KNOW!
LOL..got da golden gift of gab
Come see me and a get a relaxing pedi and matching color mani for this beautiful spring weather!
Working 2 to 7
HatsOff good ass game
totally agree ..
Almost like spam on
it's Sunday, So no.
hahah I should sleep now .
thanks...im all smiles !
Maybe if you put it that way he would go!
:D
that jingle popped in my head right when I said that hah
Mayor Sanders is using his office to doctorm up support for Jessica Sanchez on American Idol.
Press release: VOTE EARLY, OFTEN.
that guy Ron Ron.
SMH.
Hello new followers: ,,,,, Let's tweet again soon!
Shutters aren't just for windows anymore!
They can be used as the doors of a closet, or even as a room divider.
so then who do you like better for fantasy?
I'm leaning towards McGahee
: here's to the kids who like being naked.
which one are you in the picture?
lmao.
missing my gurl Like a black gurl miss her weave
since its still may I'm going to give you the 5 de mayo version cometelo!
Thxs partly 2 a bubble enabled by SEC Modernization of Oil/Gas Reporting 17 CFR Pts 210, 211 MT Chesapeake Energy Shares Tumbling
Mistranslation of the law excuses no one.
Today seems like a day for Turkey Chili Cheese fries.....
Dumbass at our school, making a fake Facebook and using Austins picture isnt smart.
I know who the fuck he is.
Thanks
I hope everyone has a merry christmas3:
No one seems to know the answer : What happened to Bryce Harper?
A simple thought: If ESPN ducked into the 2pm ET hour 34X and said We're trying to confirm Seau reports, no issue.
70min blackout: issue
Square box.
Round pizza.
Triangle slices.
I'm Confused.
Note to all who are listening.
If you advertise a Glamour Makeover in the font Comic Sans, your skills may be questioned.
I'm suppose to be sleeping ..
Wbu?
Downloaded antivirus update and now my laptop won't start.
That doesn't make sense at all.
no prob dude and will do:
NP Kid Ink  What I Do
Thanks!
Happy you like it.
Oregon is a beautiful state we're pretty excited to be a part of.
Can't wait to be helping everybody who loves to
A steady stream of people are taking tours today.
Thanks for the support richmond!!
stopped at the band room but forgot my shit isn't set up.
i should just stop.
the latest class starts at 10 and its only Friday nights!
What a sham
So cool!
RT : Just finished watching a vey cool Arlon vinyl application demonstration.
he had a seizure didn't get eaten by a gator haha
Hi CarlI will email you the info!
RT : Check out Gnomeo and Juliet soundtrack feat.
Elton John and I singing new version of Crocodile Rock!
I love it!
BusyMoment...be back!!!
huntsman looks like a young, cocky mister Rogers.
my 4 year old bumps in ashes on his iPod, pits and sings the words.
If we take a lesson from the Intertubes, then we should send pictures of cats.
haaha yes.
it was cute :p
this picture loraine just sent me asdfghjklzvbx nigga you so BLACK .
I was wondering the same thing.
I could barely tell he wasn't wearing them from where I'm sitting!
hey thanks for the follow!!
be sure to LIKE us on facebook too!
Help spread the BUZZ about JADED!
GETONTHATJADEDTIP 3
Men's Health compiled a Top 100 Smuttiest Cities list.
ABQ was 64th, ahead of St Louis but behind Billings MT.
Billings?
C'mon ABQ!
or play it safest of all: only pencil, don't press down too hard, or, only write on the outside of the housing!
Just got an email from my teacher saying to bring a good attitude...
that means were going to do something stupid!
I love me some huggylowdown and Chris Paul.
Have fun guys.
I lOve my  Ipod : of 32 Gb
Mavs still looking to slow skid vs.
Lakers
They enjoy thinking.
They enjoy being creative.
They enjoy having ideas.
Most people do not enjoy thinking at all.
Cochella in less than 24 hours
Is going to hear Tim Gunn speak tonight./Make it work!
I hate your life..
Ombrophobia Fear of rain or of being rained on
to anyone snarking about Obama vacationing, note that all Presidents can handle international affairs even outside of the Oval Office!
Truth!
RT There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience.
French proverb
Follow us and RT with hashtag IwantMyiPad2 for a chance to win a brand new iPad2.
1 888 The Check
Pastor Wingo just gave a shout out to mister Toole for his efforts in civics education!
What d'ya mean???
if I'm reading correctly, isn't 7/39 winning?
When I get that I'm a OWN IT!
Today I learned about PBCore, a standard for audio/visual metadata.
I WANT TO PLAY WITH IT.
Best meal in Vegas thx for your hospitality!
Wishing all Moms and mother figures a great Mother's Day that's, of course, nword free!
Enjoy!
that's what friends are for!
: Special thank you tweet to for this morning
Yo the swagpackage I have varies from day to day.
Maybe some lighters, New Eras, a toothbrush, bandanas, a couple hoodies...
Did I share Movie on the message?
: Cameras from here to PDX tomorrow :
Rockies Brothers uncorks wild pitch.
Here comes Apodaca.
Game in the balance here.
you in NYC?how long for?
I'm in Miami this weekend.
i like your style!
this is what i needed!!!
I was just praying asking for his help with temptation..
THANK YOU LORD!!
love when i'm with the family3
COULD I, MAY I, ET A FOLLOW BAC SO I CAN HIT THE HAYSACK OOHHH
Enjoy your time in Chicago...go ahead and tap those toes!
Register today!
It is going to be an unforgettable event!
FIRST EVER
Thanks!
Those Pluck moms rock.
RT : This is refreshing.
Highfive.
ok I'll put it down.
There's a chance we might be on vaca but haven't planned anything yet.
summer: is it warm in Dubai!
X
Staten island we had a blast as usual !
Just downed some steak and shake and finishing the 2 hour doctorve to our show near FarmVille !
yo home's did you read the play?
Is it that bad???
Oh man!
Lol ..it sounds better live hahahaha
First Don Cornelius, now Dick Clark!
Rest In Peace!
hmph, never saw it like that.
Free Coffee Friday is tomorrow!
Man, has this week flown by or what!
See us in the morning to get your free boost of energy.
just created a facebook page for ScanMan!
aw have fun!!
take care of my lil sis !!!
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me.
143 : 11
I've got a pork roast in the crock pot today and I'm trying your Kansas City BBQ recipe.
It smells great!!
VIDEO: Reggae/Dancehall music dead says Ninjaman : Welcome ...
RT if your a Directioner!
I AM..ONE DIRECTION ALL DA Way!;
You gone learn today lol
As for the endorsements, that's all, folks!
I currently don't have a laptop :
yeah, stop being racist.
buffalo sabres second that.
TGIFThank God It's Five.
I need a doctornk.
Stat!
Big game coming up with leading the Saints against that tough 49er D
Event set up is well underway!
Don't forget innotechatx is tomorrow.
Register today at www.innotechaustin.com
Who's hungry?
In a hurry?
No problem!
Great food and lunch time specials nice and quick for your lunch hour  specials till 2pm!
Thanks for your support!
Our listeners are still the biggest reason why we can keep doing what we do!
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
Bertrand Russell
We're glad you're enjoying it!
We like it too!
Ridin the PMS roller coaster today.
Sorry to those of you who are forced to ride along with me!!
HOW DARE YOU YELL AT YO COACH.
I'm gonna pray for you until your in my arms
Life is full of the fun kind of irony today.
We're live!
Sunday nite, I purchased a Beddinge for my son.
We put it together on Mon 22712.
Wood slats all pop off immediately!
Unusable!
Of course, the minute I hire a dev?
I become some sort of super coding ninja.
Not that it'll last long but still...
.: need to go on the offensive.
We get FREEZING winters!
Like below 5!
And we get HOT summers!
In the low 100's!
But right now, it is unusually cold.
Im gonna hit the freakin thing with a bat.
No wonder when I typed JamEs Laou into google I got no results...Stupid MTV
My boyfriend doesn't want to talk to me.
Great victory for Celtics over the Hawks!
Hope , , and are rooting for the Celtics!
Yes, there are a few Mexicans in Ohio and we banded together to open a restaurant.
Hit us up sometime!
RT : RT : 2nite doctorNX Happy hour social at Club 50 at the Viceroy hotel downtown!
hosted by
Schwab customer service is terrific.
Always someone helpful on the lineeven 8 pm on a Sunday.
Ya take back stab and murder lady luck
good.
I hope Barca puts 5 on them now
Met with Cheyenne forfutures meeting as a Coach.
It was awesome.
I am considering being a Seminar Leader and/or Forum Leaders.
Big CH
i miss you to, if there wasn't 93 miles between us then i'd be there in a heartbeat.
loveyoutoo :
take a hit of loud n try not to choke .....I like it...I like your flow and your voice no homo.
My new smokin song lol
who you going for?
gotta love it!
don't work to hard.
;
Damn, I was thinking she was gonna be prettier than me...
Lol guess not
girl..
I'd take certain professorssors 5 times if I could, it would make them really appreciative  happy I think
And that's just the tip of the iceberg of awesome!
I got a thing for Robin Thicke3.
thanks for being a part of it bro, we're stoked to have you play!
Saw a sign that said, Pregnant?
With back pain?!
I thought most people were pregnant with babies.
Sarah K.
Thanks !
Welcome to the FreeHand Corps!
Still working and talking to our candidates about the amazing jobs we have at TRAVAIL Newark.
Busy  busy  busy!
RT : Lets go pens!!!
Never thought that I would ever b interested.
We don't play hockey in the south.
lol.
Your comments were quit unnecessary.
I guess we can say it was bill's fault haha
Yes very much so.
On another note what is up with our NBA teams????
Cant even talk smack when they both have been stinkin.
Sometimes when I'm lonely, I talk to my biceps.
how much should APIs be designed for nonprogrammers?
Headed back through Houston to NOLA.
listening to Willie D.
FFlyDecade  others will be in attendance...
Thanks for the follow!
This little girl spends all her money on lipgloss and nail polish all the time.
shrugs
Better than a concert by The Silence  you'd just be angry at having wasted money to see a band that never even came on stage!
as the phoenix rises from the ashes so too do we, to spread across the sky our fiery wings.
sfit see you at the dustup.
was it a good idea to have tweets sent to my phone?
lol.
she sure does tweet a lot...i guess it could be worse ;p
Dahlia lounge's donuts are so good!
I'm in Las Vegas, NV this week, covering the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners' 26th annual conference for The Clinical Advisor...
our weather is too.....but I'm still going lol
No doctorma just create
lohh u should not be so damn ugly boy jp
Racism, that's the name of the game.
And you couldn't escape that if you was David Blane
TwSIG Set the style, tone and brand your twitter feed.
Voice and tone should reflect your brand character.
You are publishing content
Well I know a few people who work there and they love it so I'll probably be fine.
I've applied so many places I'm desperate
I'm gonna lose it Thursday
I was sneezing earlier, I popped a vitamin C..
I will make sure to next time!
You cant get much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good.
West
Siloam Springs Memorial Hospital Transition
When you love someone, its worth fighting for, no matter what the odds.

Do you have a facebook page?
Bac to class I go.
Hopefully we get out early
One day at a time.
One day at a time.
Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions.
All life is an experiment.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Where's my brother?!
I wake up and he's gone TF?
Who would wanna kidnap him?
Lol oh well ;
michelle didnt remember me..
that bitch!
That boy Say if she wanna tell her man wut tuh do den help him get there....
Junior mining investors should check out Corebox.net, a great tool for visualizing and analyzing doctorll results.
So was Zoobilee Zoo for Ben Vereen.
Agreed!
I'm calling 51 on aggregate.
RT : This.
Is Going.
To.
Get.
Very.
Messi.
Lol I was passed out doctornk,  he tried to kiss me to wake me up like snow white, or whoever that bitch is.
Metta World Peace is garbage
I've got 21 days to go...22 isn't anything to look forward too, I've peaked...
Our generation DEFINITELY does not appreciate music history half of you don't know what the fuck you're listening to  how it started.
New fave song ...
I'm a dick hole head
It's inconceivable to me that I won't have MY HIGH SCHOOL to go back to visit...once the h.s.
goes, weir will die slowly...
mycrazyobsession Mickey mouse dolls
Trust in GOD Trust in the true Americans  most importantly, trust in yourself.
Look around we have everything we need to be successful
Make a Connection it is the key!!!
Come follow us on Facebook and Twitter!
I just like to have a little fun is all.
;
Cleaning my room :
ha!
Awesome!
: Lined up like soldiers of inebriation.
LibationArmy
I saw an opportunity even in those comedies to begin my project of American films
oh damn How many ordinaries are you gonna do?
Hey remember Keep calm and pass the test Keep calm and be SMARTSEXYMOMMA like always
: This one kid has serious boy band hair.
big time rush hair fo sho
oh my gosh I would love that book too!
So happy I'm at the Cincinnati History Library  Archives...a little role reversal as I get to be the excited researcher
People always say to follow your heart.
But what if your heart wants it all?
Sigh.
who inspired you to start singing and playing bass or was it more of a self motivation thing??
Thanks so much for following me on Twitter:
AmazingRace really proud of KY boys.
Did a great job.
A special S/O to today 4 Mother's day.
Thank u for all of your great work.
Much appreciated by parents, kids  coaches everywhere!
I'm reaching for the knob!!!!
Lmbo!
Sullinger needs to stay another season spend most of season in weight room build his strength before taking NBA leap
Any tips on nipping a cold in the bud?
Does zinc actually work?
: doctorving in the rain with my windows down idgaf atta girl!
Good follow on my part lol
The little ones are getting old but the Monster is her same self.
She has a Facebook page now.
:
Happy Thanksgiving!
LMAOOO LEGIT THE IRONY IS doctorPPING FROM MY COMPUTER.
I actually plan to do that someday and what's the video idea?
Valley Teen Applications are due today.
More info www.valleyleadership.org.
ACC home teams can host on Friday of Thanksgiving wknd.
So Clemson, GT, etc can play their rivalry game in ACC Friday slot
RT : I almost have enough votes in Iowa to start a bowling league.
Roementum
sure, tell me what your issues are with me, look at my professorle, and we'll chat.
Is that cool?
hey we need to have doctornks when back in town love to talk fashion and friends!!
with Backy's stick after colliding with Backy and losing both sticks!
UWM mobile app will be available for iOS and Andoctorid
that wasn't an earthquake, Chuck Norris was just clapping
Bout to watch this movie n call it a nite.......
I bought a lighter that says: I BROUGHT SEXY BACK.
I can't even buy a regular lighter.
Is there a video from last night out yet?
go to Merc..
Heard the food at Tavernita sucks
The main trouble with mental notes is that the ink fades so fast...
Awww!
RT : Sitting on Gould plaza reminds me of the last 4 years and now I'm about to cry.
NYU I love you!!
got your message....been praying for you.
See you tomarrow at 4
LMAO!!
Girl you don't do shit to my ass.
Lmao!!
I love you, I love you, I love you too.
Looks like you can sleep anywhere, Trip!
Just listened to the new blink182 song Up All Night like 15 times.
New favorite of course!!
Couldn't be happier :
where are you bringing a homeowner?
damn lol Let me lick u up n down lol freakme RT : Which Silk song/verse gives u tht special feeling or makes u think...

Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.
Jon Bon Jovi
It's a GREAT show!
It really is for girls though.
I don't think guys get it.
Jared Spool: TSA  Thousands Standing Around
Hmm.
I was on the story page.
Still didn't find it.
Steve Turre, Rainbow People.
YOU just made my night!
hope LA is wonderful, visiting ASAP!
Just struggled for far to long to get ketchup out of a bottle.
Where is when I need her?
Oh..celebrating mother's day :
don't forget the 95uclachampionship basketball team.
Representing
M not sure it makes her look more mature but is that the look she wants?
Who cares, she is adorable!
Silence seldom satisfies any questions, but sometimes it's the perfect answer...:
I loved that you called me buttmunch, nerd alert.
If this purple hair dye doesnt work and it turns out to be an ungodly color, my only responce will be
People are gonna end up getting shot over this OLLG ticket shit.
Watch.
Justin has some crazy ass fans.
would like more info on the Beaumont, Tx doctorgging or know where I can go to get info.
Keep dem squares up out ya circle
Loving you feels like a kick in the balls
THE INVESTIGATION OF ARIEL WARNING by Robert Kalich....read it this April!
It is going to make a big splash on the literary scene.
I like the idea of the Schnelker Shack.
Advanced stats?
No writer uses these worthless numbers.
I got my church tongue on!
Sounds good let's JAM soon RT Thanks buddy!
I'm always ready to
My doctoram!
RT A mango tree in our backyard su.pr/7oNkhK
And even if they disagree, Follow your doctorams.
If you don't try, you fail.
Today we're talking about bags!
What is your fave to lug around: a clutch?
a tote?
a crossbody?
Let us know!
you KNOW ur in boca when they're selling jewelry at the grocery store....
IN Quotes: A greater intelligence is available to you when you no longer reject, deny, or 'don't want' what is.
Sleeping in my bra.
Its fucking hot.
Thank you, Martin!!
:
Exercise a lot and keep your weight down and stay away from junk food and sodas
Hi all!
It has been a busy year so far.
We are offering all NYU  NYU Alumni, 12 discount on rentals  8 disc.
on car rental service
I see many followers in my email but my following number is not going up.
Can you help?
Of course Mark got a bison burger instead.
RT My response to Gary Olson's antireform column in the Chronicle: Serial Concentration is Deep Concentration
Including that 700,000row spreadsheet.
Yum.
Haha Nightmare and Scream by Avenged Sevenfold describe Sam from Supernatural almost perfect!
XD I'll taste your blood tonight..
I'm gonna say what's on my mind could give a fk if you don't like it, Homie I'm just being me!
Got a volleyball tornament this weekend!!!!!
FOCUS!!
Revelation: Twitter and Facebook have the capability to make markets more efficient changing the focus on the masses as mkt makers relevant
I love my professorle pic
One step closer to you3
Anyone here can help me followed by austin?
: pls
Sorry to hear about Derek Boogaard...
My thoughts and prayers are with his family, teammates and loved ones.
thank you!
haha cuz, it's good shit to knoww, spread the wealth of sexual knowledge!!
and I are on our way to cornwall for a week of relaxation in a quiet fishing village!
Honesty and Integrity in all our dealings is the primary component for the success of Health Insurance of Florida.
NACUA tip to avoid retaliation complaints: an ounce of prevention goes a long way.
Hire the right person in the first place.
I hear and I forget.
I see and I remember.
I do and I understand.
Chinese Proverb
Started the second book in the Savannah series 2day.
Can't decide if I should spend time writing it or promo for first one.
Need more time!
I love Joy Division
Super moon  blue moon.
My favorite room in the house is the kitchen.
Just wish it was a little bigger :
That moment when a guy says you look like a Latina Barbie...
Lol ok...
best flavor
Procrastination ends when I break everything into a series of little stepping stones and picture myself skipping along them.
RT : Yes!
RT : It's official!
Scandal will be returning for a second season!
Uh, you people are fucking weird.
Nelly Furtado  I'm Like A Bird
Effective communication is one of the keys to a successful marriage
Just because I have a lighter doesn't mean that I smoke.
Maybe I just like to burn things.
lmao, I hope!
Great day to sit inside and watch hockey playoffs!
I already sent you a message on Facebook few minutes ago.
my skin looks yellow compared to Jeremiah's.
how come you're not here?
Happy Monday Tweeps!
Twit pic us your costumes from the weekend at Jillian's/Lucky Strike.
We wanna see em!
word fo today iz have faith in wat u do..and it will come true!!
we need to hangout soon I'm so bored
he used to visit the store I worked in selling his book.
He was an awesome story teller.
welcome back to hockey!
Ambient Trance Music none of you know shit bout that
Robin Murray: if we can reenvision cataloging as registering nodes in a global web of data
I have no idea.
In case you haven't heard, I've accepted a job as Digital Archivist at the Rockefeller Archives Center.
Excited, sad, grateful; all of it.
I'm at a loss for words.
RT : RT : A6: Twitter is the broccoli of social media.
You may not like it but it can be good for you.
Lol I just handed my best friend so many doctorsses but forgot to look at the prices xD
Unashamedly Conservative!!
Actually a Right Wing Radical!
Oh yeah!!
hope your doing well.
This tweet made me think.
Computer World or Man Machine  they're tied in my book!!
Thanks for the RTs!
You guys Rock!
Were excited to have you guys!
I understand.
I'm a fan of both.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
Oprah Winfrey
Please put a BLACK person on the set!
Siiirrr, a HOME GOING does not mean, Going To Church!
All is well my brother..just staying focused.
What's good w/you?
Nah haha i'm much to odd, but thank ya girl :D You and yo man be lookin' cute ; I witnessed both your tweets XD
Musashi for dinner..
it's cool, i guess i'll just get ready for work..
:
This Saturday Woodfish performing at 11am on the Congress Street Stage at the Everything Jersey City Festival.
a man in whom there is little or no guile.
very little.
virtually none.
thanks much!!!!
Never fails.
Unearned run scores.
Way to get off the bag McGehee.
Wait...
HBO is making a movie about Sarah Palin?
What the fuck.
The staff, the bag, the feigned inconsequence/ of manner, best bespeak that weapon, selfprotectiveness MMoore, IN THIS AGE OF HARD TRYING
I see sparks fly whenever you smile :
me me me me me me plzzz
in my doctorams!
LOL
U WELCOME
Bout to go hoop on this niggahs lol
raining bo
Tell PETA my mink is doctorggin' on the floor
I leave my job at the school library to spend too much time and money in a book store...
Okay, guys.
Who's the official geniuscatcher?
Do we need to take shifts?
Can't bear the thought I'll miss the best one.
prep for Baguette Day and Galley Chat, plus unexpected wedding invite!
i miss
BIEBER'S bday is an 7 min
Playwriting class begins with Rich Espey tonight at Center Stage!!!!!!!
Why root against the Blackhawks best 2nd matchup?
VAN or NASH?
Give me VAN.
Let the hate go.
but it's probably not going to change the meaning to go with the latter, which is styleguide correct
That's a good point.
Makes me wonder a lot.
I hope so.
If the family were receptive to people coming into their home, I would go that extra mile, but they're suspicious of everything.
So why is it that I get more followers on the days I don't tweet than the days I tweet.
Sad when people think my mom only has one kid.
DAVIS.
And seriously?
I been here longer.
What the crap
Which farm are you getting shares from?
How will we ever see I 2 I , if all we do is turn our backs on each other?
Im a young dude but I know a lot about life.
And I can tell u this, life is perfectly fine...its only not fair when you submit to rules.
Enjoyed thumbing thru geowebchat.
Definitely gonna hit up some materials from to refresh myself for future discussions
two different super bowl spots by eminem
I wasn't opposed, it was just odd.
:
Sorry to miss you at asja:
March Madness bro.....March Madness.
it was great!
How about yours??
who will be
Addoctorss MI...
First day volunteering at NARAlooking forward to taking on some projects!
Arizona is OK with interrogating female employees about contraception
Just left show  Alvin alley!
W/ headed 2the next.
love NYFW!
I thought last night's MadMen was fantastic.
The show has veered far from its roots,  it felt like Don realized that last night
Laaan says your being so bad....
if I track the showers can I then approach them and punch them in their rainy faces?
The Salties had a blast at TEDx Columbus today!
Our next show is Black Friday at The Woodlands Tavern November 25th!
Time for Power
of course he did 3
I already do!
And going to try to get into tonight for that fried milk
From the push of teaching to the pull of learning
I'm still indoors.
The weather is getting nice enough to get outside soon.
My top has been 34.
Still working on to a 55
newgirlonfox is the funnies show on TV.
omg I love it so much.
Check out my demo songs in FL : I've been missing it dearly ever since switching to mac
The Economic Impact of Raising Taxes on HighIncome Households  Huffington Post
an hour wait for on a Tuesday  10 pm?
What about some neighborly love for fellow Stanton strs les ?
Cc/
Awesome, congrats on a great looking site.
Nice to see more architectural heritage projects using
Retweet if you think the new album Leaving Eden is fantastic!

extremely healthy advance !
See what i mean ?
Burping in the hallways 
It's the 11th week of 2012  I've got 14 real estate sales on the books YTD.
I haven't had that average since 2005.
Recovery is looming!
Bout to see Tony Allen and Seun Kuti perform!
This city is crazy.
Just wanted to say i love you :
excellent!
maybe those guys'll iron their men's wearhouse for a change!!
Really...
When did saying why don't you marry it ever fall out of fashion?
Even when I have post limit on tumblr, I still don't do homework.
I hate when people make you feel like shit.
I.just want today to be over.
lol it wasnt sexual...this time
i would be like kevin!!!
Iol....
listening to 1D all day errdayyy lol 
Prosecutor: Love's mouth injuries indicate she couldn't scream because Huguely covered her mouth.
WHAT GOOD MAN IS THIS?
jk lol
I feel like u should never b at a bachelor party talking about malbeck
Currently listening to: Eftos  Hoax Universe on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Oversleeping on a Sunday, then waking up to birds singing feels so natural.
It beats command linen which I type all too often
HILARIOUS scene, last night, 6:30 CST: lines of harriedlooking men filing in and out of the local grocery store, carrying flowers.
Realizing.
I'm an analogtype girl at heart.
i do!
your such an inspiration I love you and your amazing please follow me??
it would mean soo much
um, prop d?
Lol anywhere but here.
i haven't had starbucks in like 3 years...
What are the best areas in Portland to live?
Close to downtown?
Happy Anniversary New Mexico!
100 years of enchantment  Life is good here!
Never have I wanted to be able to translate Chinese so bad in my life as when I KNOW my employees are talking shit about me in it.
Dear uterus, please stop hurting.
Mental notebring posterboard to
YAY!!!
Thanks so much!
Grounds for divorce
G: A new car, clean of all the dirt, wrappers, food and dandoctorff people left in the old one.
Windshields are clean, other doctorvers friendly.
told you he would notice you :
The mind is simply the manifestation of the soul.
Funny you should mention that, we're trying to teach him!
:
You sound weirdly sober scott
the Preparing for the Holidays class tonight has been cancelled.
Sorry for any inconvenience.
Help is available 24/7 via 18002723900
doing my nails on a shitty day
Some of beliebers are reckless.
hey!
Give me a call bro, need to know if you're gonna run again in May!!
Yeah you're right about Pietrus' shooting but he's a great guy.
:
Done fucking with fake people and people that think they shit really don't care ugh
Thanks to everyone who came out to Mikey's in Milwaukee last night !
Total blast
me c:
There's a crazy old lady yelling at everyone.
Are you sure I left nyc?
Cooking for the Washington Elementary Pancake Breakfast tomorrow!
Is it too early for a Friday Follow?
Oh, what the heck...
RT: RT: S/O to all the fathers out there, and soon to be fathers, it truly is the best feeling in the world everyday
it's just us tonight
Oh yeah, Christine Wise for commercial casting.
Nearly full house at tonite.
Everybody does that it's Sasha bitch
LoL!
Hope you guys had an awesome Easter!
:D
ff thank you for both your professorssionalism and your friendship When do we start podcasting?
Golden RT : Rihanna treats music the way Chris Brown treated her.
Happy Easter to everyone in tweetsylvania!!!!
Is it bad that I go to buttercooky on a weekly basis?.
Going to get some ice cream!
:D
When you give love, you get love.
When you show appreciation you are appreciated.
When you sow a seed you reap a harvest.
What do you give?
Dear bartenders: you giving me a strong doctornk is a nice thought and all but I'd like to not be doctornk before midnight
Just when you think you have an intelligent and friendly neighbor, he uses a sentence that contains the words too many Mexicans.
Oh!
You're welcome :
I'm between a rock and a hard cock.
Don't judge me till you know me, don't underestimate me till you challenge me, and don't talk about me until you talk to me.
Puffing on a big fatty....
Yes it has!
Definitely time : : I need to stop in soon it's been a while!!!
You have a kid?
Whaaaaaa?!
Wow...just found out the building I'm looking at out the window is where Louisa May Alcott lived and is said to have written Little Women!
It's a perfect night for Mumford and Sons
We are in 48hrs film festival Albuquerque, NM
I am pretty sure you wouldn't miss it ;
Join us tonight at La Pomme say Neesa at the door.
Find our table for a doctornk on us.
thank you!
David Holdeman on Yeats tonight at my mum's...
And say my glory was I had such friends
im so bored im sick of love song so tired of TEARS
iPod on blast in my ears  while cleaning up the house for tonight RIP M.........
I dnt care anymore!!!!
im gonna fantasize over yhu till i get a retweet,mentioned, or follow...
thanks for the hook up today.
Can't wait to get you to the chi
I tweeted last night about one of their parking cops SPEEDINGRUNNING LIGHTS down K ST.
NE!
DC plate 6772.
you actually STUDY?!?!
Imagine saying you want to be respected as a singer but never committing to the study of it!
Sigh...
: Turning the page is the best feeling in the world because there's so much more to the book than the page you were stuck on.
Can't wait for this party:D
i miss you!
FORCING myself to call it an early night and get to bed before 4am like last night/this morning.
UGH!
Sleep Jane...SLEEP!
i'm sick of high school  all the doctorma that comes along with it too .
I'm still up
animals in the summervacuuming eight thousand times a day
vacation is over and now its time for my LAST quarter of
Today is going fast but slow 
Q6: take on things that scare you.
Likewise!
Glad we can exchange RTs to help one another.
: Nerd rap: Math city bitch, math math city bitch, math city bitch, math math city bitch, 10,10,10 and 20 equals 50 bitch.
continues to surprise me :
i'm waiting for 2 years for u to follow me!
33
Hope my BF doesn't pull an Amy Chua and throw my Valentine back in my face and tell me he expected more effort
you guys better bring back the trivia W tonight!
shit still fuck up form last night .my dam head hurt
Curt never had anyone accuse him of using PED's at all, he pitched against juiced hitters and dominated....HOF
Great article!
Best of luck in your new venture!
CUTE TWEET EMMS
HEY!
Go follow these awesome bands!
Looked up and noticed something GROWING out of my gutters.
Guess what I'm doing this morning.
SundayFunday ?
loll love you to
Ooh.
Just saw my first Pure Michigan commercial of the season.
Do you focus on a healthy lifestyle?
How do you achieve it?
Is there a way to see a list of people your following but are not following You??
S/o 2 McDonalds for the 2 filetofish meal deal!
There is strife, mortal strife, with wooden men  passionless queens  unfrocked bishops, but gambling entereth not.
ahhaha that's good!
I enjoy being associated with
oops...
we intended for our halfoff album sale to end tonight at midnight, but albums went back to full price LAST night at midnight.
love your blog!!!
can someone tell me if they figure out a way to vote a presidential election in this country without voting for an asshole.
Now for a second run at the daily highs without misterTech.
Amazing.
There are some big hits on the NASDAQ
Just sent you an urgent email request.
Please check when you can!!
Does it come in grape?
getting ready to work on artwork.
nothing left to do but smile, smile, smile!!!!
What to spend my money on...
i would love to kiss you for free if you want me too please
SignsAPersonCan'tCook How do you turn on the stove?
Save me from you!
Working on this new design for our apparel..
Taking an idea in my head and putting it down on paper with our graphics genious is always fun
IF YOUR NOT WATCHIN BGC ON MONDAYS, THAN YOUR PROBABLY WATCHING FOOTBALL...
If I lived in NO I'd be there in a heartbeat.
Enjoy your lunch.
FYI  They have Jimmy Johns in Seattle too...If you're in town.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Henry David Thoreau
next years is come to sxsw and fuckthebadge.
Hang out in coffee shops and meet real people
Omw to school.getting Troy prom ticket today oh yah and btw we get out at 945
: truthful.
I am the only person to whom this conversation matters.
Spain menu, shrimp/tomato jam, rabbit terrine/serrano ham, white gazpacho, fennel manchego salad.
Entree to follow
what are you sorry for?
I just didn't understand what you sent me earlier so I asked, what?
RT : i saw better debate than this last wknd in the basement of BuyBuyBaby
you're awesome : Thank you!
They're cloves!
new playlist and everything !
RIP MauriceSendak : You'll always be a part of my childhood.
what is up with that?
Staying in Cincy?
DO NOT MISS Montgomery Inn Ribs  best ever!
We actually ship them.yum.
Let's go HEAT!
Check out the resources listed on this page for tips on how to use LinkedIn for business and marketing
Have a great day!!
:
nobody's perfect.
you want someone perfect, but who is?
Did someone get Jayson Nix a security detail cause I would
for all you bud light platinum doctornkers..
piss in a bottle and doctornk it...
it will taste the same..
maybe better.
Greatness is a choice which is why not everyone attains it.
David Anderson
Most of you are familiar with Ushaped pillows.
Have you heard about Heart shaped pillow to avoid neck pains?
Our new library festivities are complete.
Yes!
Building/equipping/staffing school libraries still a priority?
Yes!
better to show up at 9pm when the screening starts
thank u lol
EVERYTHING IS BEAUTIFUL AND NOTHING HURTS.
Located on Asia Trail, this otter exhibit is one of the largest in the nation!
you loved them
Where have you been all my life life life life
Btw, if you wouldn't mind reviewing Springpad in the app store or Andoctorid marketplace, that would be awesome!!
i'm henry, a library student at
I want a puppy!
Beacon Hill is made up of mostly democrats.
Is one party rule a problem in mapoli?
Does it contribute to our corruptionrisk?
After our tangent, our professorssor started lecturing like he was doubleparked.
Thanks Looking forward to your tweets!
:
I decided long ago, never to walk in anyone's shadow,if I fail if I succeed at least I did as I believe  Whitney Houston RIP we'll miss you
Huckabee , who claims to represent Jesus, Implies Link Between Gay Marriage And Broken Homes,
Out shopping :D rawrrrrr :D
I WANT TO KNOW
Back to back solid starts from and down in WV.
Definitely nice to see.
I'll have to go check it out, and maybe grab a skinny triple venti macciato
yes.
we were so young and thickheaded.
and possessing unsophisticated technology.
but gsh, timeless.
It is my pleasure.
Steamy in Chgo...thought of you with our humidity.
Happy hopeful day to you.
Wonder how many parallels there are between Broadway vs.
Cirque and doctorid vs iPhone
at a friends house
Ugh!
Ran kings full into quads in omaha.
I think I paid off one too many bets.
20k now at 2/4 limits.
Hahah preferably not at a place where groping is socially acceptable.
Yes!
Let's do it!
I'd first want to figure out how/if it relates to DICOM.
Yeah I've done things I'm not proud of, but I've changed since then.
Make sure to like our page on Facebook!!
Thanks for the support!
If someone's dumb enough to walk away, be smart enough to let them go.
man...
then like hmm i have no clue i would have to be over to come up with ideas lmfao
When am I gonna learn to never say I think I'm gonna make it an early night.
So happy and proud of a certain client who is making huge progress!!!!!!
I succumb to peer pressure FAR too easily lol.
Sigh.
This past weekend has killed me .
you are a horrible person!!!
Gonna b a lot of great boxing and UFC fights tmister.
Imma have to figure out how to watch the Mayweather vs Cotto while being at the UFC fight
Keep up the solid work on i2k.
Loving these articles!
what are you guys up to after that
TODAY will be at the Vendor's Village in the parking lot of the East Bay Church, 4130 Telegraph Avenue.
Pick up your BESTO PESTO!
Billick asks How does the mission statement affect the workforce?
great concept
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 53
Slogging is a word we don't hear often enough.
I just heard the cutest song...
It's sang by Lena Horne called Deed I Do.
It's so pretty!
Yes mam!
All day!!
Just saw the email  congrats on Nmister!
SCORE!
:p
Dominican coins currency!
I remember the time when I was playing basketball one time: I was waiting for an inbound pass and got an elbow to the head.
...
shopping day w/ sister and nephew :
hey girly.
How are you?
We should be twitter sistas, what do you say?
Lol
Hardware cos want to be in Software, Software cos want to be in hardware!
Google HeadsUp Display Glasses by Year's End:...
Strangely, you've tweeted something I completely agree with.
Well said.
iknow all u spurs fans are hoping for another ring during this shortened season...think again ,not gone happn heat king the james
I want to make love with you can I?
Can't even enjoy my date because I'm so upset with you...
And I was invited???!
I knew all these years of spongebob would pay off
Just saw Christian Bale on the red carpet with Robin Roberts!
His greatest performance tonite?
Acting surprised during acceptance speech!
I'm people watching and saw three people wearing tails in the last 20 minutes.
Not sure I dig that look..
Umm no thank you.
everytime I hear nirvana I miss seattle.
:
Wow my followers are being mean to me...
:
Vincent it won mobile application development project from a u.k based church.
So far we have delivered mobile apps related to streaming, s
Death Cab for Cutie  You Are A Tourist is on my mind today.
She got hit by a car when she Wasn't jaywalking, but I've been the biggest advocate of crosswalks forever!
i've had plenty of those..
i love you so much.Thank you for existing.
I feel like taking pictures.
S/O Spring Will Go In!!!
Styrofoam Rocket Ship!!!
NASA Shit!!!
I didn't want tonight to end with
i suppose I am
B hasn't called me?
Fucks on his skillet?
because the cellphone lines were jammed due to earthquake.
Um how come the one day I really wanna go to bamboozle I have like 3 things to do that day?
Excuse your bad timing everyone
We are closed for the holiday.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Good morning to all and good luck to all.
He lives in Arizona.
I never met him in person.
Why do I feel this way?
At APLU learning about highered role in aligning HE curricula with common core state standards.
August already?!
Where did the summer go?
Wow, nice attitude, where'd you get it?
abercombie  bitch ?:
I could eat broccoli all day...I love it!
lol
Richard, thanks for the shout out.
Have a great holiday!
I plead the fifth on that one.
I do, however, stand by my dislike of having her voice follow sufjan's holy, holy, holy.
I can't wait either!
Loved that show!
I think I may have to return to WFAN!
Lol
I need to get better so I can put up numbers
Boise State shutting up UGA and all the SEC loudmouths tonight, proving they could compete for an SEC Championship year in and year out.
I know you moved past me, just the fact i still love you keeps you holding on.
Watch The Commission Miss Me With That Bullshit...
Diabolical gnomes with dark matter running through their veins ..?
Pervert;p
Swiss cheese crepes and a sausage!
Good breakfast, after a sweet evening ride out to the numbers, checking locations.
MKE.
Life rules.
Hope 2 meet u at the MG on the 13.
Your custom videos would be a great reward and project on Use it to pre/upsell
Big thanks to and for a great interview at DSE2012 yesterday.
When a person appears in your doctorams, that person misses you.
600 more traffic accidents occur in WV after Nascar races massmediaexposure via on
I just added a second filter to the pernote signal chain.
Now my synth can talk!
It's saying Yoyoyoyoyoy!
At Boeing field watching the blue angels!
The humidity is starting to decrease!
Oh happy day!
i boarded 25 min ahead and they were acting like i had 1 min to spare.
super weird
I was thinking there needs to be an SKC scrub hat or at least a patch so we can make our own
I have no friends in Dylans blog right now.
:
Happy ChocolateWeek!
Don't forget to wax!
Turninnnnnn up son
happy to follow!
Harry, you know better than that.
Ignore him.
stopped my diet today to enjoy this food 
Oracle Engineered Systems Power CISDI to Establish Cloud Computing Platform
Back from the snow!
I repped a different spirithood each day : Lake Tahoe needs more SpiritHoods!
Miracles and Modern Madness!
Has anyone had Admiral Stache yet?
Bravo bravo bravo bravo bravo
i have no clue what ur just tweeted me..
Lol
The crux of this argument is why is one the favorite and one the best?
To you personally.
I need a shot 
I'm with your hubby on this one :
A5: Get noticed by the people who matter most.
Went out last night and they played Damn D  Love Me!!!
Haha
S/O to u
That's my hope : Tebow will be back as a back up to Peyton.
He will be a starter for the Broncos in 3 years.
switching out my closet  i like my warm weather clothes way more.
For Neuro recovery Yawning till tears in eyes helps voice/swallow  may stop doctoroling
Where is the sign up sheet?
Where we going?
Word up!
What were they promoting?
this is me replying to your tweet :D
Finally has Zotero standalone alpha playing nice with Chrome.
If you want to preorder a shirt and get FREE stuff you will have until next Wednesday at midnight to preorder!
:D ShirtBraceletSurprises
The Champ is Here!
oxygen rush.
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with a pace of 7'55/mi with Nike GPS.
i cant answer ur question unless you follow me!
It Wont Let Me Send You A Massage
My 4 year old cousin in here having a convo with me like she a grown woman.!
Don't make NOSENSE.!
Snow storm in October 70 degrees in November?
the loveable, huggable imperfectly me tweet
Have cranes come in?
: Love this!In life's journey, you're either climbing, camping, or you are coming down the mountain.
keepclimbing So true xo
There ain't no way we cliccin up if I wasn't with you when I was broke,And if we was cool and you fucced that up we'll neva be cool nomo
IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH IF AMAZING U WOULD PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASE UR SO AMAZING SO PROUND OF U AND UR SOO ADORABLE 333333
Thank you.
My niece and I were just talking about our problems with iTunes sync.
Sometimes feel as if we're the only ones.
indiewview a4: Yes my ND husband claims those Kansans and Neb's have it far worse because of the lower temp
You are dumb.
You are really dumb.
You can go and tell that!
Homeboy!
Miz lost.
Not surprised.
Star is falling fast.
It's a shame too
Larry Mccarren just heard some fans sayingKuhn...Kuhn...Kuhn..
MY NIGGGGGA :D
whitelions on nature on followed by deadliesttornadoes on nova.
whats up
Oh, HOWEVER, if it is CLOUDY, how DO we find the NORTH STAR?
Hm...
Are you watching Family Guy, too?
We're recruiting.
Send pic and res to
no worries just needs to put it back up!!
lol
Thank you for your blog, I have learned so much !
iew gilman for US students and opportunity for internat'l students increases diversity of study abroad and access to educational exchange
that's the most common used cop out to avoid the discomfort of talking about slavery and i hate it smh
So im takin a extra day to work tomorrow....moe moe
time to open up at the mall D
I'm always trying to act like nothing's wrong; but in actuality, I'm a fucking train wreck.
Everybody chill.
Obama's got this.
Hey, headach any better?
: Can't shake this headache.....feel awful
hao do u do?
What does that look like for you day to day?
Happy Birthday!
60 years doesn't come easy...it's your top notch style and consistant quality that has brought you this far.
Thanks for the follow!
Love the harmonies!
I am to done...
Back on Twitter.
You To Have S Good Day.!!
New Twitter Follower
People that sanctuate!
MUST be fans of The Terminator movies...Everyone keeps saying I'll be back.
The amount of love someone feels for you is inversely proportional to how much you love them.
sounds great Deb, just left you a reply ; Cheers!
it's been a blast this weekend and it only gona get better look at all my new pictures ;D
S/o 2 the big homie
We don't do anything in the Spring.
We just bring them back for a few days before the 1st session in the summer to train.
power out?
SomeoneIWantToMeet Brian Boyle 
Hey boys, read 's tweets and take notes..
Maybe you'll actually pick up a classy girl.
Thatawkwardmomentwhen its obvious you tweet from your 10 phone al the time :p
I'm over here watching these Ethiopians argue lol
The heat is on
Looking like a nap, how u
Jammin out to some of this new playlist doin me some good today
Good luck!
That would be great.
La plus belle 3
I feed 1 wife, 2 kids, 3 dogs, 1 fish, 1 lizard and my wife says I have to feed the crickets he eats
There's A Difference Between What We Look For, What We Settle For,  What We Are Meant For...
and then he cancels on you XD
The Spurs honored the Hispanic population by adding Los in front of Spurs on their jerseys.
Really guys?
Fail.
damn why do I have to be all that?!
When planning for a year, plant corn.
When planning for a decade, plant trees.
When planning for life, educate people.
Chinese Proverbs
How was it?
Dumb whiny bitches need to chill the fuck out cry me a fucking river 
Finna finish English paper
Well, lets see what tomorrow brings..
Found out today that my son is not good with skates, perfect lambda kid
you left Micheal's folder here!!
Ramona Singer Bikinis in the Caribbean Real Housewives of New York star Ramona Singer ditched the concrete jungle to spend the h
of course !lol
Angie asks What more can be done?
you make me get the butterflys ;
I ate it in college...and was introduced by an old friend from Australia.
It does have its appeal.
Somalia's Shabab network opens a twitter account, using it to taunt their enemies.
via Jeffrey Gettleman at New York Times
what's good ms.
Does anyone have recommendations for free/inexpensive screen captainre software that my students could use for a class project?
I know of Jing
getting it in with these finals!!!
who then time for music music and mo music!!!
do you know or just a super fan?
How was it??
The honesty from Josh Hamilton is stunning.
No notes.
No prepared speech.
Just his raw soul on display for everyone to see.
What do you guys think about these scents for my new body scrubs: Island Berry, Crumb Cake, Coconut Cream, Lemon doctorp  Margarita?
Cant wait to watch!!
I Love Brittany!
RT : I have pepperoni in my bra  Brittany those are your nipples...
Santana
Can hardly wait for
haha wow that's retarded
For revision I'm just recopying notes atm for a few sections to refresh my memory and then maybe some xtra readings frm syllabus
Getting money?
I could call you at anytime of the day  you'll be at home.
Will Grayson, Will Grayson.
The beginning was fun but I lost interest.
75 pages to freedom!
would read anything you wrote...funny, clever and astute are always welcome
Photos change tooused to be me in bathing suit holding booze.
Now it's all scenic
Congrats to Robert Gyimah on his first Toastmasters speech.
From Ghana; English 2nd lang.
Great job!
Welcome to the other side of the wall.
barf in your beard
cool man steve thomas comes through there often too
No to all.
Keep trying.
What would absolutely prevent me from watching the whole doctorft??!!
Some people want to blame God for the whole male/female concept, but I'm pretty sure it's one of those ideas that came out of a committee.
Amawele's doing their thing at a South African Market!
i will tell him you said so.
woah big sean v
Advice from the CEO of Zappos
I really think this guy is crazy.
Like completely mentally insane.
no the town copied Set it off , set it off came out almost 10yrs b4 the town Did you ever see the town?
RT When boys grab your chin and kiss you.
Natl media: no story here move along
thanks for the acknowledgement!
We need everyone in this fight!
Yes, she was a jerk for that...
Cloud Browse 3.0 has been released in Ireland, UK, Australia, Singapore, New Zealand and Philippines, check it out and pass it along!
At Cave CREEK Regional Park in Scottsdale Az
thank you!!!
See you next week!
Man if this is wat i got f...
it the hell with it
And the Poet is offically back!
: Congratulations are in order for anyone you look up to.
Can't hate on hard work..
realtalktuesday
I might have a date.
Maybe I doctoramt it?
Pancakes?
RT : Breakfast for lunch.
U live.
U learn.
U get the hell over it.
So true!
RT Hey.
Stop doing that.
It's kinda gross and everyone always notices then talks about it later when you leave.
Unemployment is always down to those who are employed.
Many thousands of 4560 yr old execs nationwide aren't so sure.
Act like a lady, but never think like a man!!
A women should have common sense to know what's real and what's not!!!
Watching Otto of at vatorsplash  so awesome!
We love using Flowdock.
The countdown is on for the sexiest party of the year!
Buy tickets today at LostWeekend.Eventbrite.com and enter discount code getlost.
Halfway into Torchwood S2, this one's better than S1.
But Reese is a real prick.
And it seems I need to watch doctor Who to get some references
Right; figured it was an automated msg the service plugged in, but the fact they signed up for it is sad.
Last night was amazing hahaa!
Congrats to FSU WAP for 25 amazing years!
Glad we were part of the celebrations.
While we are bashing Melo, let's try to remember the last time we had a top flight talent come to NYK in his prime.
How is that sunburn?
haha
Thanks!
I loved it too.
We have clever editors here :
That sounds AWESOME!
I'll report back!
thank you!
True: life N a suitcase  not too fun.
But u 2 will look back on the adventure of it  think: how romantic.
My thoughts and prayers are with his family, Mike D., and Adoctorck.
Eminem talking about the death of MCA.
Hoping my friends in Utica, NY don't get the white stuff like WNY!
Just plain rain in MD
Next pitch  bring solarpower to Liberia.
: I object, strenuously, to this bill because, if any public school is failing, then forcing a student to stay is useless!
today is my bday
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left....
I'm doing good.
How r u ??
Banana but muffin w/ banana cream oatmeal.
But I have gotten ahead of myself.
More on the morrow, when I shall relate what brought me within the gates of the enemy.
RT : Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
Henry Ford
i'm listening Reckless And Relentless by
Happy houring w at Brio.
Such an amazingly nice evening!
Hahaha why did you give me a shoutout?
underwear up ass!!!!!!
AH
Skype, You let me down.
But the ole' conference call will save me.
This means I won't have to explain to colleagues the tobaggin im wearing
Why doesn't TheBiggestLoser try a rawfooddiet ?
Have you tried it?
Lets ask  Raw Vegan NFL ProBowler
Tips on using Twitter for realtime reporting at Tweet It Now this Thur Feb 16, 6:30 pm at Studio.
Free for SPJ members, 5 others.
Middle of week one.....
Tempurpedic pricing is going up October 18th!
If you have been eyeing a bed, now is the time to buy!
shoutout for his hard work and hustle.
you were struggling with half our starters out, imagine this game if they were playing!
It's election day in Liberia!
VIA is excited to follow the action : We'll keep you up to date!
Ikr!
I was scared there for a while TJ.
;
RT : No one ever choked to death swallowing his pride.
Anon
Another daylight savings time fiasco.
Woke up 2hrs late  never heard any alarm.
Plus I teach 2 courses 2day  1 seminarstyle 4 3hrs.
agreed.
Be happy.
Fear not.
/cc and
at 1st glance it looks like LAC gave up a ton,but they get 2 doctorft picks in return  there are some great players coming up.
yeah, I hate having to see that stupid bird on the stadium
The genius who used Twitter to write his memoirs backwards.
Miss you!
Hey everyone sorry I didn't follow some of u back I will try my best to follow everyone
OK, realistically, I was just enjoying the quests this morning.
I love a good quest.
yes please.
You name the place and we will go dance and doctornk and dance and doctornk

I agree completely!
She's even good as a bad girl!
eh...if he likes it and he's smart about it I don't see the harm ;p
Clarity of mind means clarity of passion, too; this is why a great and clear mind loves ardently and sees distinctly what it loves.
2nd Component of ethics training: Promote openness to delivering bad news.
Fear of sharing fosters unethical behavior
Eho boo!
:D x
Come see OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani speak 5/2 at Geisel Library, 3;00 p.m.
University of California San Diego!
Scored a role in a documentary doctorma based on events surrounding WW2.
Playing an interesting character.
: A guy who cheats on a girl who would give him the world is just down right stupid
really enjoyed her first Day.
Nice way to celebrate my 5 year wedding anniversary to
Engaging content producers
Art walk and square one.
The Bulls are out playing the Heat
more detailed email about agenda for Accessibility Camp DC coming out over weekend or early Monday morning.
3.
F this.
Never use blog again.
our Robyn is a sports fan now, !
RT : Watching my 2nd FSU game of the weekend in Austin.
What.
Thanks to everyone who came to Landscape Night!
What was your favorite part of the evening?
Thanks again to guest host
Job Search

I know  something wonky was going on with my computer ...
side not..
was bummed you didn't answer the DM I sent you :/
Ireland?
What the he'll do the Irish know about food and wine?
Why we love Steve: RT : I thought yesterday was the first day of the rest of my life but it turns out today is.
no problem
Have a happy Merry Christmas :
nm doing he which is hell wbu
alright twitterverse: kindle touch or nook simple touch?
solid, James!
Thanks for the order Josh!
Well you do live in round rock : I still owe you a lunch, too.
Who's that?
Jim Edmonds has to have the best wall catches of all time
Can't make it feel right when its Wrong
RT : If Jesus saw it as valuable to give you, you need to see it as valuable to use.
Agreed!
Thanks again!

agreed!
the site was pure support for Met and opera overall.
Love is the most powerful force on earth...
Turbo Jam  Done!
723 calories burned in 40 minutes!
Whew!
I wish I was a billionaire.
The Buffet rule wouldn't worry me.
Bed lat.
Wake up late that's the life
Happy St, Patricks Day!
Meet Justin Bieber here  www.bit.ly/cSGyaG
Brewers still tied for MLB Central even as they are gobstopped in the 1st inning today by Cinci.
Go Crew!
They definitely left the ending to Dark Shadows open for another movie.
don't forget me
INSANITY means doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
mainly that people seem to forget that celebrities are human too...despite how often most people forget that.
Thanks for the great performances everyone!
RT : Great concert tonight.
Thank you New York!
And we're out.
Don't get me wrong, I love iPhones.
I just prefer Andoctorids because I'm used to them
Happy Leap Day!
There's few greater feelings than finishing a project earlier than expected, especially when you love the final result.
JDI program director Sasha Gear  Des Lesejane welcoming delegates to a prison's roundtable discussion in Cape Town
Why is 10 MustFollow Tumblrs on Twitter???
LOL
Callback for Monday??
I guess the soda can I placed in the auditioning room really worked!
They want me to go back and pick it up!
LOL..
Thank you for all your kind words about your film, we appreciate it!
We had a great time working with you...so much fun!
Sunday's are so fucking depressing.
I'm seriously out ragged that is total BS
: Horny as shitfreak ass bull
omg mother nature why must you torture me for this long please stop I'm gonna go insane
So that's the noise...
working on Brooklyn Bridge overnight..
shoot...
this is your agent?
I can do this all night
Hey, I'm gonna head out to the company rafting trip now...
How's that?
Cheese for dinner?
Hokay.
A quiet house for a whole hour?
HokAY!
oh snap..Not even nervous!
...
Ok maybe a little
There are so many biblical laws that most Christians ignore, enforcing some in our constitution is total hypocrisy.
Not Irish but Murphy's law is rampant oy vey
And in this case, the pilot isn't gonna be able to pull over and let you out.
So hopefully it goes a little smoother
Thank you  that's the plan.
I got two grades from last semester in so far.
Both are A's.
Waiting on two more.
New Ep If Only..
is now available on Itunes and a limited number of hard copies!!!!
I watched that last night with my cousins!.: I cried!.
:' haha:
Yes im sha can im confident ..
thank you for the complements haters i couldnt give a fuq where im from dah projects Nighas 2 be continued
Got my hair recolored!
Kind of expensive but i like it :
After a while people get sick of waiting and they run elsewhere,but always give u a chance to chase dem  if you don't they're gone forever.
The vitality of thought is in adventure.
Ideas won't keep.
Something must be done about them.
Whitehead, Alfred North
Reid just held up a peace sign and said Burgundies!!
The 54th Annual Grammy Awards...somewhere along the way I lost track of time and got old.
Who are all these people other than The Boss?
Heyy, follow me?
I got some PA speakers and a tape deck mixer you can use...
hope dass not too vintage for you
Amanda Righetti likes DNA Imprints at the Golden Globes
No problem :
don't you love when it lightly snows?
It gives the world that grainy, 70's documentary look
: : If you can conquer your mind, you can conquer the world..
damn lb confuscious lol
I have a can of kraut I can bring from home!!
;
Of all the attractions, Jollyball delights me most.
Fullers donuts are best donuts ever!!!!
Just ordered the Adobe Suite Creative Cloud for 29.99 a month for 1 year cos we already own a program.
Ready for it to go live May 7th!
lol srry i havent been replying,ive been watching random youtube videos
that's so true Sarah and may i add not only tempt you but u wind up actually doing that which you said you would not do!!!
looking to purchase a discs only subscription for ma and pa who think streams are where you catch fish.
Help!
The NFL sh/ seriously consider stripping the Super Bowl title from the 2010 Saints.
Cheaters sh/not be allowed to prosper.
hey what a coincidence, neither is mine ;
Congrats to Mark D., Lisa C.
and Katie on your promotions!
Don't know if I'm going over there
Happy Valentine's Day to the most beautiful, most amazing, sweetest girl on the face of this earth!
My daughter,
Colts played much better tonight.
This season, so far, shows how much we've been spoiled over the years, Indy!
We'll get back on top soon!
My thing is this; if I'm sick enough to think it, then I'm sick enough to say it.
Super cute :
Money displacement.
No one talks about it.
Why?
Not bullish.
The Morgan trade and FB.
Where does the money come from that fills the trade
Had a great first Executive Board meeting for the 20112012 school year.
Expect big things this year!
Its not a sex tape if we know it coming.
If she was smart she would make VIVID give her a contract
Oh no!
Feel better!
I was there recently as well.
luckfupus indeed.
Sure did and I keep getting the same error message.
Bad Pun otD:When Nixon met Mao, Nixon tried to hug the aging despot He was sternly reminded by Kissinger:Please don't squeeze the Chairman
School is gat
Quit budweiser tonight and told the supervisor i hope you die of high definition Aids.
Hello beautiful people.
I aint no bitch, and im not going to be treated like a bitch
Taking Stock Of The Wreckage In Miami
Best spot during sb46 was the Clint Eastwood Chrysler ad by far.
It will be remembered as one of the best ever.
It stressed hard work!
Noise levels are picking up in Studios E/F.
As though everyone's here for something big.
Predict eerie hush in exactly 12 minutes.
mla12 s215 : at beginning of southernspaces.org little consideration for sustainability, as w/ most OA journal projects.
Listening with your entire body is a special present moment awareness practice.
We can learn so much when we really listen
BackInElementarySchool Field day was basically Who's the best athelete?
I would always be one of the best
I didnt know u had a son
Never liked in soccer teams just trying to kill time while they are ahead...
That's what happens!
Just like that...
Timbers lose.
Wow!

I have such a crappy phone.
LOL .
Get Austin Mahone Verified :
pretty sure on MTV they have it spelled Gianni, god I hope you spelled your bf's name wrong!
I think that is good luck.....or just shit luck.
One or the other.
great job!
you as well my young apprentice.
I think enduring, committed love between a married couple, along with raising childoctorn, is the most noble act anyone can aspire to.
Home from softball try outs a long day hope I make it I get the papper tomorrow if I make it or not :
Great day at the lake today lots of tubin behind the boat.
Wore out ombre
Lots of appengine evolution to get my head around!
APorco21: You swear for no reason.
We were looking at them for a smaller data center, looks like we're being pushed to the 7k here!
Starting this March I will be a fulltime soccerhooligan and a parttime normalperson!
i wish we could snuggle!
Ily
Success will never be a big step in the future; success is a small step taken just now.
Jonatan Mrtensson
Anybody else tired of hearing about WindowsPhone7 already?
Let's get back to the important Andoctorid topics...
: I'm feelin a full out Twitter war....
classic fightforfreedom 
grateful for the followhappy Tuesday!
Cold, post cycling salty lemonade is the fresh maker!
unemployment sickness is the best.
I watched so much LOST.
Agreed.
As they say in my neighborhood, Newt is punkin' out!
Lol i love you RT Headed to 7/11 for a beer and a hot dog.
I know you've been told this and I know the real issue is structural racism that allows for BSbut you're amazing.
Letting go is hard.
But sometimes, holding on is harder.
Tell me about it, I live in the South now.
Today sucked.
KeyBank Agrees To Forgive Student Loans Of Dead Rutgers Student huffpost They do have a heart.
It just took a petition with 75k sigs!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to all our friends!
And to a wonderful 2012!
I'm ready to play!
Yoga classes for Flamencos start this Friday evening.
Alena will be our resident Yogi  thank you Alena!
Best restaurant ever!!!
Have fun, so jealous
hahaha i have big test that week...practice ELA's so i can't goo : but whenever they go on tour here im goingg defff
Birds don't pray for long wings.
What are you eating while your tweeting today?
I win.
I'm always right.
Anyone have a favorite how to video?
Good or bad instructional video from YouTube, etc?
Gathering examples to use for class.
In case u think Pujols is washed up, he just launched a rocket into left field seats agnst Floyd  whitesox...damn!
Join us for some Sunday Funday shenanigans in the snow!!!
God I love Wisconsin...and Sundays!
Haha, best snow on earth!
hm, are yu a boring texter?
Whether it's an air conditioner installation, new filters, heat pumps or furnace, experience the total comfort of our heating solutions now!
Thanks!
Great to see you too!
And we're psyched about the 2nd location too :
Get ready for a ton of great stuff to be announced!
Waiting until there were 20 minutes left in the day to check in with all the other courts probably wasn't the best idea.
thatmeansthat ur related 2 lizzie whos related 2 austin who i can meet  marry so ill be related 2 u  lizzie
Nothing brings the boys to the yard like 3 boxes of cat litter and a multipack of tampons.
R.Kelly needs to do a song with mister Big again!!!
this fuckin lesbo thinks she can just go around and take pics with my babies like its nothing im gonna cRY I HATE U AMBER
Toucher!
: I love Carson too lol :
Acai Plus is going international and will soon available in 200 countries.
My life will never be the same again, Why cant life be simple.?/3 Katelyn3
See Play Ball newest candle warmer in the collection!
Too cute and perfect for a boys or collector's room
New poll expected today from Marquette U researcher.
Interesting to see where the recall candidates fall.Polls have been all over the place.
Friday night in Chicago at a tattoo convention and I'm sitting in a hotel room reading a book, I'm such a party animal
Feeling Minnesota tonight.
Trying out  to see which is the better online personal task management tool.
Suggestions are welcome.
BMW's March car sales break all monthly records BMW said firstquarter newcar sales were the highest ever on the back of March sales tha
she's lost.
: where you think you're goin baby?
you're a saint!
I miss you a lot!
They try to do it every year, sometimes every other year.
This time it will be close to Larry's bday in July!
Honestly, no one knows more about my inner workings than the checkout girl at my local BarnesNoble.
I'm still doctornk from last night.
: are you serious about all of the ultimate VIP's being sold out ?
Going to school; I hate Mondays im tired then after i have to go to Volleyball practice grrr
RT its called parenting RT : Having great day baby sitting youngest daughter while Wendi takes Grace...
Tonight: Rookie of the Year, Since Forever, Like the Stars and The Greater The Risk Show starts at 7pm Get Here!!!
Seeing my very talented friend in WhatToExpectMovie tonight!!
:
Watching QVC Beach Boys thing, I was wishing Brian Wilson said something crazy.
Unfortunately he was surprisingly normal.
Just saw your ESPN story, all the best for you and your family!!
what the hell is this nicki
10ThingsIDislike Reading the books we get assigned in English class..
1984 TheStrangers thank god for sparknotes
I guess that's why I wound up in TV not print!
PaulA!
Lol especially you RT : People be doing others so wronq for no reason.
I'm in that bitch and my song gone play in the club
Get a FREE 20 coupon and an additional 10 coupon for each new friend you bring to our Medical Weight Loss seminar 1/18/11  4126816400
I was going to go to the gym today, but I cant let down my boys  not watch game 1.

WriteFentyIn.com is officially challenging Gray to a debate.
This campaign is far from over...
is preparing some interesting stuff.
hahahahaha post the video!
You can't judge a book by its cover, but the cover gives a pretty fucking good idea about the book.
Thanks to for putting us over the top.
2012 followers in 2012!
I know how they feel.
It's scary doin that online, but it's a secure connection and I'm sure you could send it in.
CNN Founding Producer: Terrific!
A Marvelous Program!
I feel good
Best Holiday Vacation Spots in the Swiss Alps
sounds good but cold.
Do you think it would be good warm?
Monsters are in Houston tonight.
HUGE HUGE game for Lake Erie
very true
I'm officially DONE and it's not even Wednesday.
Final Day of C2E2, Come by table J14 in the Artist Alley.
By art from Dave Losso , get free stuff from myself and CON!!!!!!!!!
RT : The PC is 30 years old today.
Happy Birthday PC!
erik 2 weeks into fantasy and your last place, lmao pay up limp dick fuckers
Barkley: Every pro player in any sport has probably played with a gay person...
man, we need to outlaw guys who suck at sports.
On a train that hit a car...
To prevent bike congestion, integrated transit solutions are not an option.
The same with car congestion
My Favorite Pop is PEPSI .'
You're so disciplined.
I wrote off the day after coffee this morning with a friend.
I'm envious.
The iPod helped Apple rise from the dead in the last decade
Nick Johnson wouldn't even be the best player at Calvert Hall High School
yeah, i could've told you that/
One word...High
Question on 2013 event re: a Twitter hashtag.
Do they follow the FETC Year of Event construct?
Trying to build a list for client.
Hello Pot, meet Kettle.
Guess what?
You both are black!
I like when men try to be tactful when asking for my number
At work grinding!
NOW INTERVIEWING ON
What does your kid do that always makes you laugh?
We hold these truths to be selfevident, that all men are created equal......
Excited to eat Fish House in Pensacola for Ernie and Luly's rehearsal dinner.
A big in your face!
to the climatology science major who eaves doctorpped on my conversation and told me it wasn't going to rain tonight.
how could I forget?
Can't figure out what to get the person who has EVERYTHING?
SJ's has Joe Bucks, the perfect gift for that ice cream  coffee lover.
thanks sorry i like havent been on here in a while!
Technology is amazing: now we can even access the fountain of youth without surgery!
Thanks to we can all stay in Jr High forever!
about tweetfail d:
Listening to a webinar that my Dad is giving about RTCA/DO178C  way over my head  at least now I know where my nerdiness comes from
Coming Up: 8th Annual Roadhouse Brewfest at Cornelius Pass Roadhouse on July 11th.
Come sample 8 ales, live music, food specials and more!
Come On, ONLY one more follower!!!
Your right its our job to reveal all facts and see whose really telling the truth
Tune into the State of the Union delivered by POTUS tonight  9 pm EST
ya cocaine's a hell of a doctorg
Good night everyone!!
I'll try to send details if I can calm down enough to set them down.
How come black people are just born with coolness?
It's not fair how hard I have to work.
Well, it's on and in alright RT Getting it on.
While the parasite gets it on.
they finally noticed?
RT : Its Freezing in Florida!!
Be sure to pick up a WEST Wetsuit at your local core surf shop and keep warm this winter in the...
they haven't lost a thing.
Great fun!
You gotta love New England today 60 degrees, now snowing and 20 degrees...
:
Perfection isnt real, and looks dont really matter.
How sweet, how true, how caring, how kind, thats all that really matters
: you have a bday every month don't you lol every other month.
Peace..
Without our fan support none of this would matter.
Many blessings to all of you!
Stay doctorvn.
an early Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful Mum who i can't possibly live without despite all the things we go throughh 3
sometimes you have to realize it's just not meant to be
Hey Stranger.
How have you been?
You're so right about peace being priceless!
I do not like alternate side parking.
Ed Witkowiak?
I think it's James....
also really really looking forward to hanging with Fred Hersch this weekend.
Glad he's in town.
We're launching this year in the US after 40 years in the European Retail and Designer Market, have a look at our website.
The dogg is in the buildin!
Bulls held it DOWN !
Okay tweeps, anybody have a great skincare product for minimizing pores?
: I appreciate the shout out.
We'll take flattery any day.
RT : Powell Library is so fancy and beautiful...
I almost can't stand it
I got complemented by somebody I have a crush on today lol I was on 10 after that lol
Hain Celestial Announces Expansion Of International Corporate Headquarters On ...: By The Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
MELVILLE, NY, Ma...
i love them.
Nirvana manifests as ease, as love, as connectedness, as generosity, as clarity, as unshakable freedom.
J.K.
Really getting sick of this humidity, Austin It feels like Houston out here!
Ugh, my poor hair.
Movies with Tata for the rest of the night I guess
you guys absoulutely deliver all the anime goods from classics to modern.
It's rewarding now that you've come to Xbox :
Just secured a fashion internship in NYC for a highschool student from los angeles
Happy birthday, Israel!
Missin my boo
doctorams don't work unless you do.
CS
hahahahaha don't be mad
I have blueberry pancakes.
not to make it worse or anything..
lol :
Poopy!
: Well, we'll try next weekend.
anytime, just tell me.
Okay?
I need to get da money.
The weekend is shaping up to be great, not to mention my Saturday night is not gonna happen.
Stay twune for the tweettails!
TCIF Happy
France is the largest country by population in the European Union
Journeydoctornk bachelor I am now sending a message in a bottle too.
To my bartender.
More booze.
Now.
Did a little work convo last night, and we are gonna use someone different for the website.
Since its been stagnant.
Can't wait!
I didn't know Tim Tebow was in Mumford  Sons!?!
I miss Chris Farley.
hehe, sorry.
I reply you, and what are you doing?
and Dont be too Salty, but I may be a player :
Ah I live Dierks Bentley and Miranda Lambert.
3
I like getting followers the old fashioned way thank you very much.
oh ahhahah sorry i took to long to respond
do you ever truly miss Austin??
And when do you see him next??:
We will be closed December 24TH and 25TH in observance of Christmas!
Exciting news  The guys will be developing 2 signature cocktails, inspired by MadMen, for BRAVO on May 17.
ouch..
plus 10 beers!
Want to read my webpage?
www.AprilVampire.com
what?
Now what is the reason?
Passing time this doctorve reading all tweets out loud.
This is the funniest SNL opening I've seen in a long, long time.
I will never respect a man who grounds into a double play.
EVER.
NBA playoffs start today!
joins , CIS of Richmond Co.
Richmond Co.
Schools in showcasing YoungExplorer unit today.
elected officials and media, welcome!
I'm pretty sure A New Hope takes place over like a week.
Once day you're heading to Tashi station, the next you're blowing stuff up.
Dont take my kids anywhere and not tell me where your going!!
We get it  you're a vegan.
Shut up already.
Done, you tore it up!!!!!
Tattoos, Weed, Clothes,  'Swag' Does NOT Make You A Boss.
A Diploma, A Degree,  A Job Does.
I'm watching last week's Glee!!!
Santana as Selena!!!
Ah!!!
Aww I'm sorry :
She lives at your place and doesn't pay rent?
Hey Spotify, why does the best of the '80s playlist need to be updated weekly?
Are there new '80s hits being released?
Good grief computer, you've been acting funny the last day or so, and now you're giving me the wrong time...
ZoneReflex: Researchers may have discovered how memories are ...
fourwordsyoudontwanttohear You should get tested...via Dying!!!
: Grandpas advice when it comes to women: be like Jesus, love em all.
hahahahahaha oh William
Thanks for the add, Dana.
text me when you get to Vegas for VIP connections 7025565062
Unfortunately, we can't legally ship directly to people.
Stupid laws.
Hoping all is well in Oakland.
Missing in Athens.
Uhh So tired!
;/
good morning twitter
Last night was love.
Wanna know how good a basketball player Blake Griffin is?
Reggie Evans is playing in crunch time in a Game 7 while Griffin is on the bench.
yes!!!
it'll be so much fun!!
That is a myth that is dangerous...What about Nurses share your pressure...Team work Team work...yeah!
cause I felt like it
A little under 80 hours left between then and now.
Plenty of time to catch it all.
Dear Seattle, I want to ride my bike here but I'm terrified.
She's quite pretty and strong and wants to go outside.
Please advise.
Hi David!
We sent you a copy of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We would love to hear your feedback!
Thanks!
Kim!!
: i'm following the first 100 people to follow : RT this if you followed
RT If You Don't Eat The First Or Last Piece Of Bread...
I should tweet more.
There's my resolution for 2012.
Hopefully, more me on the world is a good thing.
: Follow now to experience twittercast of an open heart surgery, playbyplay...
Interesting or Weird?
what if was creeping on me and were to see this tweet.
make my doctoram come true?
FirstEdition MayDay protests on tap 4 tomorrow  what 2 expect w/ Jimisterdden  influence??
Duke is out!
Yes!
UK all the way!
cool cool, will do!
On a team meeting call.
Really want to just bail on the rest of the day once this is over...
I have black beans and rice to make!
Ughh where's Tamara when I need her legit just wanna go to her house and chill, always makes me feel better
Getting ready for tonight's Abduction rehearsal : 
so bored
Even though he messed up a little bit It still made my night3 OMG IT WAS FRICKEN AMAZING!!
Palm beach county you are so boring you make fort Lauderdale look interesting
Remember when I laughed my ass off when I first heard the word 'bugaboo' from one of you, ?
Haha.
Eating some lamb biryani.
Fake asses .
The basic building block of good teambuilding is for a leader to promote the feeling that every human being is unique and adds value.
U have no one to talk to, so u tweet..
were u live?
Chinese For Dinner : Ugh Yum!
Its 11:11 make a wish ,make a wish.and say I HOPE you come truee  3
my day was busy but good...
i think zaks book is between15 and 20 dollars before shipping!
Im awake!
Happy May Day!
Two turkey vultures board a plane.
One says to the other, Nice carrion.
Oomf tweets right now 
Now Is the time to stand up america
Thank you!
I really enjoyedmeeting you all and the opportunity to present.
Well I'm certainly fucked in the morning...
Well he'd probably get alot of followers if he gaurenteed that they'd get folloed back!
I remember when only had 600 followers.
Look at him now.
Almost 200k 3
chillin finna be back at the house hitting the studio tonight
Kick start day for American Archive Inventory Project!
Oh IMDB star meter, how you help the hopeless hope.
you dismiss the study because it ONLY summarized 16 states?
Many states have few if any charters forgood reason
Thanks for the feedback and glad you had fun!
We might shoot shy people in the eye with a water gun at the next event.
;P
Do you have a Nevada OnShore Trust?
earlier i was sitting next to a couple who i thought was on a first date but in fact were married strangers who met at AA.
This has been a long day finally relaxing
I wonder which 9er won't be playing for the team next year.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
George S.
Patton
Lol!!
You just made me spit beer on the cat.
That wasn't as easy as you'd think.
real recognize real
Aw..
you're welcome!
First tweet with the new logo  again, new Rails app coming out in the coming months.
Beta testers welcome...doctorp me a line.
You may Talk behind my back but I laugh behind yours
black dik ever where
: Hey used your service but don't have rsvps for formspring or gdgt parties.
what's up?
Why does hate derekfisher??!
nothing really matters when you're gone.
NY Jets pull off one they almost let get away!
I was on the edge of MY seat!
I'm very excited for the common core standards  they are so much better than the NGSSS!!!
Thanks for your support Eliza!!
glad to see to Boulder bike caper is solved
a workout is a workout!
Ha......I'll get something in before church tomorrow.
...listed under old reasons I'd avoid traveling to The Beaver
thank you for the vinegar tip, did some research, and i'm gonna try it next time i dye my hair 
i told u gudmornin and y arent u followin me back???
No period 6???
No health test ;
did someone say cuba libre?
cuz that's a tasty beverage.
Really messed up now...
Happy Easter lawlorffs, hope You have a good one.
And don't forget to keep sending us your pics for the collage :
Getting close to the medical center D; It'll all hit me when I'm laying In the chair  put the IV in ..
In China w/  mtg w/ businesses  officials as well.
Hope to join you in Mexico City next year.
LOVE your twitter professorle pic and i miss you like whoa !
looks like my daughter cuts Lacee's hair
I never got it, DM me your number
instead of more playoff wins than the Knicks in 2012 you should say more than the Knicks have had in 3 years 012
Yeah...STL...and Chicago are full of em...smh.
That's why I live under a rock.
You must take personal responsibility.
You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself
Out south at moms for a day or so.
It is scheduled to go up early in the week of the 21st.
11:40 am and i already feel the need to get intoxicated
I HAVE NEVER IN MY LIFE BEEN SO DISAPOINTED WITH DWTS JUDGES!!!!!!
Dear working out, I miss you dearly.
Once I can get my father out of the hospital, I hope we can become reacquainted.
Meanwhile, sad face.
YOU are annoyed?
I was told product was down I'm still in dark on this trying to get answers
Rally in Solidarity with Wisconsin Fox News Building Tuesday, 22 Feb 2011, 5:00 PM Join us to support the workers of Wisconsin
Don't date girls from slyrtherin...
Goodnight from London 
So I never actually am alone, I just always feel alone.
so when will i see you  Clem?
Meghan Long wants to come, too, maybe....
1 doctornks for desperado's anniversary.
Estimate 90 of people here have never stepped foot in this bar before.
Sat.
I doctorve to phoenix than competed on sunday then doctorve back sunday night now I'm in el paso and have to go to school in 3 hours://
Sixers win!!!!
Sixers win!!!!
Goodbye chicago.
What a game.
BullsSuck .
Its all about HEATNATION .
loving it.
About to buy a house if they accept this offer.
Can't wait for the girls to get here but really digging it.
thanks for
We all still have time to make a difference in the life of another.
Keep your eyes open and try to lend a hand to someone today!
I took a shot standing in the wall two weekends ago.
I don't need to tell you where...
almost 460 followers  Help me get to 500?
Would mean a lot :
I'm sure they are!
Welcome to Twitter!
Love U Too
Wayne Coyne from the Flaming Lips.
WEIRD, I KNOW.
world post!
the print is cool!
are you watching RHOC?
I always look forward to your commentary
why does the GOP feel comfortable saying they speak for the american people, newsflash, you dont
This some BS...
Thinking about making a new Twitter, but keeping this one too, should I?
good thing I only suck figuratively
discovered yesterday that Target has knockoff Gap city flats for 13 vs.
40.
Not quite as comfortable, but about same quality.
Cheering for the team at the state meet does, admittedly, mean seeing a lot of hot men from other teams.
In Speedos.
Them, not me.
fb
RIP Borders  I had 8 great years working for you and met some of my best friends during that time.
You will be missed!
Haha no problem.
If you want to write a recap for the site let me know!
THE PARENT WHO SPEAKS WELL OF FORMER SPOUSE TO THEIR CHILdoctorN IS THE ONE WITH STRENGTH OF CHARACTER.
CHILdoctorN ALWAYS ADMIRE THAT PARENT
i still want the fountain and the lighthouse in my town :C someone donate a bunch of bells to me
Hi ariana so very very perfect
It's Wine Tasting Wednesday!
We have an eclectic mix from around the world.
4 tastes for only 4 from 6pm to 8pm
Listbuilding  only 1/2 the battle.
How will you maintain?
RT 91 users unsubscribed from comp email previously optedin to.
What?
I don't even.
Apt description garnish, embellish, beautify, and decorate
how do we submit to be a part of the 48 hour film project?
Got 2 Minutes To See A VideoThat's Helping Home Business professorssionals DOUBLE Their Productivy?
bit.ly/f8LDH3
RT : Hey northeast fans Franny D will playing a solo show at 20 North Broadway in Schenectady NY.
Come hang if your in the area.
My 3,400th Tweet Goes to my follower She is a great fan and supporter!!!
:
Okay I think it's time to get off twitter : goodnight 
The sky looks like a storm is brewing!
yippeemorerain:
I think Amy Adams is here
Summer, where the hel are you?
Womeninbiz to follow
My New Years Resolution was, to go vegetarian and I have.
I haven't eaten any meat as of 1/1/2012 and my system has been happy.
:
Discount tix at Old National Banks!
RT : Who's going to the open house this weekend?
Hum, I need to find tickets

Aries have the courage to see things though despite the outcome.
Beware the reading vortex.
There is danger there.
You know enough already.
Start writing.
has a firm position and is part of the chatteringclass.
2nd, rostra is the phoenix of the original centerright
Jewelry work daygot my Beyonce and Whitney Houston videos on in the background
RT : In love with Sara Lee oven roasted turkey breast
iGetRealMadWhen Spammy Spammersons are the only ones who follow you on facebook.
I'm undeniably the black sheep in my family
happy u view its funny we goin view how funny it is wen I dnt try2talk2u b around text u or nttn bye have a life
Try the taping method, it's annoying but I hear it works better than tapers.
You've been blessed with wealth  opportunity, it's what you do with it that determines what type of person you are.
Thanks for the follow!
Difficult to study when you'd rather be sleeping.
i am happy that that at least I got you and together in tweeterville :
Well here are two: while getting ready in the morning instead of TV and while working out.
Poll is split 50/50 now!
Just because we don't talk as much doesn't mean im not thinking about you.
Im just trying to distance myself because i know i cant have you
how about a follow now?
that would be great :
please, elaborate!
WHAT?
Well introduce me : lol
please follow me,I'm your biggest fan
Denver let's get wild tonight!
the entire so wrong its right album by all time low
NFAIS12 If you're going to sell to end users directly, you must offer something different than what they get through a site.
I think is probably still searching for the lucky charms!
ha i didn't doubt you!

: Tell how you are getting active during National Physical Fitness  Sports Month FitnessMonth
Halverson: Why have information technologies not changed classrooms?
Easy answers are lack of will, skill or politics.
Gary England just made watching the Grammys all worthwhile.
Nice sneakers!
I will cross the ocean for you, I will go and bring you the moon.
One of my fav songs in the world!
Along w/ the boy is mine
i told you to text me so we could make plans and then....
A loving atmosphere in your home is the foundation for your life!
In life a person can mess up so bad!
And some one great will take that pressure and clean it up as if it was his ....
S/o to obama and bill
Happy St.
Patricks Day!!!
my paper copy has the regular copyright statement on it :
I am extremely motivated today
omg i cant believe ur gone i just knew u was gonna win im so sad :
Well, yes I am watching less TV.
And no, I didn't get sunburned because I was in the shade.
truly love and care for this girl, regardless
RT : darling, you always crack me up!
I keep trying to divine the future by studying the PowerPoint entrails....
A Porno with a decent script...
But that's the exciting part of a dirty movie, they don't have a script to distract you!
:DD I made your life better right?: cheesy grin I did, didn't I?
jk.
Madame Ur Y Sus Hombres, says its the violence thats triggered so much creativity in Tijuana
Trap game for the Packers today...Go Pack!
ehmm Best Day ever first Tweetet mee and second hee followed mee ah :O:O i cant breathe
Costa is so boring on Friday Mornings!
There is legit nothing to do
Good Morning....
Happy Sunday..
do you know what time it is?
donation in pet's name to local animal shelter.
Oh David's asleep, so let's mess with his hair!
OR YOU KNOW LET'S NOT DO THAT SINCE I'M SLEEPING.
FOR FREE BIRTHDAY PARTIES, GRADUATION PARTIES, BACHELOR  BACHELORETTE PARTIES, BOTTLE SERVICE  VIP BOOKING 4046102511
not really.
Either way I look hurt
A very very successful day thanks to I swear in a past like we were carpenters and body builders.
Unfortunately, the 4 bonus points for checking into my First Church on foursquare didn't counteract the guilt.
thanks for your great play  outstanding leadership on the field.
U made many of my work days go by easier.
This time Judy blogged redoubled activity
This team MAY finally be coming together.
Granted it's just against the Cubs, but I'll take any progress we can get.
Hey guys wazzup?
Well, I guess original is better after all :
I'm sick again!
LetsBeBlunt Just because your naturally nice, doesn't mean your flirting with everyone.
3
how are you?
Fucking Asthma.
I love sitting in a quiet classroom panting like I just ran a mile 
Game on, Let's go
Party like it's 1999, perhaps??
Stop deporting people, no one is illegal!
wassup peeps.
IT's finally time to doctorve some interest.
Why in the world do people do such half assed jobs???
I have a huge obsession with Pitbull!
Today is gonna be the day that they're gonna throw it back to you
Im just glad is friday :
i like yur icon :D
Sat down to watch a classic movie and ended up watching MobWives.
Glad the mob has found a new way of making money.
Getting Remembering City Hall Oral History Project online
We'd love to try your glutenfree sausages before kickoff!
The Black Keys!
Is this what your model says r right s?
RT : Nobody else pick 04 07 14 29 44 45, okay?
I got dibs.
RIP Donna Summers.
So sad to hear of her passing
: It is sad but she will be back!
Our friends bought her one of your tomato plush toy as a goodbye gift :
This guy's laugh at the nail salon is killing me.
Students don't let the chaos stop you from attending Swanson events!!
Check out the homepage's calendar for events!
so irresponsible with !
That 200 dollar check sets benchmarks.
Im coming after whoever, who has it!?!?
The Kobe burger from Blanc is quite simply, 'da bomb'.
Email should be coming today.
Found another Chipolte near my Physical Therapists office, think I'm going to stop for lunch tomorrow :
Live true and make love
My back is not a voice mail.
Say it to my face.
:.
Does your computer tend to overheat?
Be sure to have the fan looked at before big problems occur.
Preventive maintenance saves money.
jl
Eh, might have spiced things up a bit.
Would be more exciting than looking at a hipster looking Durant being interviewed.
Terrific!
I thought the session included some interesting visuals, definitions, and approached to student assessment
diggin on some Nujabes, how did I just now find out about this cat?
My 7 year old is having a sleepover and I'm totally fascinating to hear her conversation with her friend.
Nice!!
Pass it on!
Let me know what I can do to help ;
Actually what's killing America besides the moral decay is debt, war/gov.
debt, citizen debt, just an unsustainable  bad system.
makes me want to go back to visit in Dallas.
Wonder how a fundoctoriser would go if we were chairwomen.
I am grateful that I have satellite radio to jam out to on the way to work!
great advice from a great man
i dont like boats
Stop using them to line the litter box.
Especially mine.
my thoughts exactly
Working out of the studio today on some Shock marketing collateral and a fantastic shoe company.
Time for day 2 of 8 In a row, this is going to be a long week
faculty talking about F2F office hours are dead.
Adobe Connect Pro taking over  esp for large enrollment classes.
Thanks good brother.
The AlphaAction Team is ready to take Alpha to new heights!
Come soar with us.
06!
Going too skool
Damn I need some New Ink .
Yep 2 celebs at Fetish Houston ?
Hm maybe i mean Tyga popped up last time !!!!!
I see that SLDs had to wear redpolotops at commencement.
Way to be ahead of the game.
Great my lock button on my iPhone is stuck ...
Smh
What experience ?
there are apps to hide that sort of stuff.
Your solution is best though
One thing is for certain.
I will be having a beer tonight.
Maybe two.
that too....it was an unusually chatty day, friendly.
Threw me off a lil.
Easy.
I wish this egg would come out.
thanks for following 
I still am not sure what to do with Google Plus...is it even relevant anymore?
I sorta feel like Pinterest stole its momentum
askauggie Hi Chris, what's ur fav tv show after yours?
I'm the journalist.
I don't know what it's called!
LiesBlackGirlsTell IM PREGNANT!!!!
Good Friday Morning...Up early working on new Catalog!!
oh watch out!
haha and yes i do GUESS, because there is no one as good looking as me ;
I'll call you tomorrow, Gnight.
Love you.
wow i havent been on twitter in forever
Starting TheWire season 3.
Lessons learned watching the wire, don't give your package to a youngster.
It's beautiful out here and doing some fishing too!
Rt : wanna see the it's ok remix video starring feat.
??
come to mondaysoul on 5/23.
twitpic.
...
Str8LykeDes...
Ion look at certain niggas the same no moe....
I'm streaming commercials, I mean watching football.
Have 41 in my piggy bank
Chocolate doesn't ask silly questions.
Chocolate understands.
All I want to do is Blog  Workout...got damn it...oohh!!!
Go fuck off, you stupid fucking GOP slut whordiot.
In fact, since you hate america, move to another fucking country.
Sweet, we'll make sure we get some!
RT I love it too, awesome beer cheese soup!
Had a chance to go to NY to see The Maine but because of the testing in school and work, I can't go.
I'm a 05 CA voter since i lived out of state for 3 years.
I get NO mail.
Sad.
Cool now cops are at my crib .
Check out Dagnomusic.com Today!
Sell your music online and keep 100 !
doctornking a fresh Prima Pils and enjoying life at the moment.
Will come back to the insanity later
Men are constantly trying to mentally undoctorss me.
I'm just trying to save them some time, that's all.
what does 's golden tickets have to do w/ OLLG ?
Join us tonight for the 2nd weekly Indie Showcase Thursday.
Contact us to showcase your band!
Billy's on Burnet.
Unless you have another spot?
Figure that's somewhat in the middle of us, and good.
I want to work for you.
How is this possible?
thats not weird......
hey was up?
Gen 4 KJV And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and said, I have gotten a man from the LORD.
bouta go riding
19MillionBeliebers ?!
No way?!
Im so jealous..
: I wanna get my nipples pierced xD but that be weird xD Me  Kasey are getting them soon haha.
Pluots and that's right.
I guess got a new Job than...
xDDD Excuse me, La Tisha..
:3
btw I flipping love pronouns!
haha
Columbus, Ohio tonight!!!
Check us out at The Summit!!
Show starts at 9, 5 at the door.
Definitely!
I also met folks from India and Brazil, and they enhanced the experience greatly.
Ahh so excited for the game!
You aint the only one 
Girls take it easy on guys who lie about their age, they r not financially stable therefore feel too embarrassed to state their real age :
Only way CBS gets any redemption is with a UNI Cinderella run.
Kansas loss definitely takes some air out of tourney
It is important to watch what you put in your mind.
sigh u dont know how good u got it.
Back at Blue Fusion HQ after a great  productive week in FLL with the Mizrachi's
Lucy, will you be working in San Diego, something journalismisterlated?
Welcome!!
Daniel Radcliffe is amazing in the movie!!
He hard me jumping out of my seat and I don't get scared easily!
Oh Toto, we're not in Chi anymore.
I'm in St Louis for NCAA wrestling.
Hence the large amounts of Iowa gear everywhere.
S/o who pretty A'F And stay blower
that sounds tasty, like an ice cream float all in one bite!
WANT!
I agree, definitely up for that
LOVE the teamleaders!
We can't wait for the Feb.
11
TGIF!
BlueRock closes in 30 minutes!
Thanks for a great week clients, vendors and friends.
Omg I'm talking to myself wtf
Jeremy Lin sitting at the end of the bench
You girls are making us blush.
Thank you!!
xo
was good
oops.
I take that back then.
It didn't show up on my timeline :/.
Very sorry for that.
Best deals in town  getfollowersandlikes.com Get your order today and receive an extra half of your order free by 7am 3/23/2011
everyone's got to have a hustle man, can't knock em for that.
At least Honor Society didn't have to beg anyone for votes.
They did it the fair way.
So much respect for them.
what's with the price swing in the case of cheddar vs.
others on AMZN?
I'm ready for my 3rd case and I'm distraught.
Like come on share the vikodinz lolz
Sorry been really busy and I suck at action films lol Let's talk soon.
Doing great!
Definitely rockin today!
Hope all is well with you.
Thanks for all the continued promo!
Two more hours to kill in Santa Fe and my iPhone battery is dying.
That awkward moment when someone says something bad about Lady Gaga and everyone looks at you because you're Little Monster.
DECISIONS, DECISIONS.
why does it feel like i have 10000 lbs of weight on my head...
and monkeys biting at my ankles?
It's 1999.
tweets from her newspaper crime beat during the dotcom boom.
Check her out.
Zombie tip  902
yes.
We were altac when altac wasn't cool.
MT : For truth.
RT : public historians were altac before the term existed.
there might be a castle season5 :
If a turtle doesnt have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
i would!
wish i lived in Texas
Look at me!
I'm a tweetin fool!
I'm fabulous.
How are you?
Stopping by to say hi, and hoping that u dig what we do.
Cheers, SS
PLAY TO WIN A Signed Carlos Guillen Poster from : Which Social Good Detroit Sponsor does everything REAL BIG?
Damn.
Left my cowbell at the studio.
Making chili and putting more ikea stuff together
Deepestsongofalltime  THA CROSSROADS.
x Bone thugs and Harmony.
Sick and tired of my fiance's sister.
never seen such a disrespectfull little 13 year old who thinks everyone is her bf.
Don't let your pride get in the way of your destiny..
You gotta do whatever it takes to get to where you wanna be.
How did you make them feel?

thanks!
Love to try Arrogant Frog!
We are currently carrying Paul Mas old vines carignan!
It's on n poppin with a Peppermint mocha for Monday
bulls are honestly
what hair coloring product do you use?
Like do you not understand how that is not okay
When Lil Boosie's getting his haircut, does he just say, give me the Barry Sanders?
Free Boosie, btw.
Living it up in Park Slope, Bkln with Rita and Sean.
Wish I lived here so bad!
Off to the Brooklyn Msm for rock photos since 1955.
Please let there be bees on that TREE.
They have a new album?
I love Death Cab for Cutie!
does too.
dtws is so nerve wrecking : I don't want roshon to leave /3
Happy Easter everyone!

Most human childoctorn will pass the mirror test at 18 months old
You know how I know this guy doesn't like girls....he still couldn't find the right hole on the table!
Anytime my friend!
Glad I could.
hello, followers.
my name is sam.
what's yours?
Great day of tracking...
We got some songs knocked out with www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
Don't pet me, unless you buy me dinner first.
And then you still gotta get consent!
RT : Have you ever wanted to pet a giraffe?
Finally on twitter!!
I mean you don't need him anymore with Sean White in the fold :
Thanks for the favorite on that one.
;
So true!
Erin's got sex appeal like McDonalds has Big Macs!
Did oomf's say medicated....
Why yes, I DO own the Sleepaway Camp DVD boxed set!
You really think so
If I get done with the film shoot in time to make it, I will totally take 1 of the shirts off your back.
similarly, i find that 90 of the emails i receive that are marked with high importance in outlook are about office parties
Another performance nite at Vintage Ultra Lounge w and more!
WHOOP!!
It's a little known fact that Queen Elizabeth is a big fan of A Shark's Tale.
Chili Cheese Fritos
People tweet their business all the time but I don't see tweets about brushing teeth.
You people are gross bad breath losers
I am not at all satisfied with the new moon soundtrack.
Ugh
haha thank u :
Good luck to Steve Stricker as he goes for the three peat at the JD Classic!
Researching uses for Twitter in business.
Anybody have pointers?
Eek.
We didn't do one again this year.
Next year, though.
Parents of the year!
:
but please change your eve.
picks to crappy bands; hence diverting traffic away from ones i want to see.
doctoramed you were sleeping and i jumped in the nest and smacked you with a sandwich!
Gamedayregistration.com will be coming soon.
Check us out!
Like us, follow us, the whole deal!!
: So Sean Payton suspended one year, effective April 1, and Tebow traded to Jets.
Wow.
Kentucky had the best basketball team I've seen in awhile
justAintcool when a chick has big tits but no ass
there is still too much of a I think I should be using this technology somehow out there.
done with my speech.
im so relieved :
It's Complicated
There are about 15 movies coming out this year that I want to see.
What about a star or two been traded?
It's in the bag!
But keep it on the DL from Romney Hawks RT : What do you think our chances are...
insomnia is no fun at a time like this
I swear this life I live is amazing.
I need a reality tv show
Just because has never RTed you..
Doesn't mean that he doesn't care about you.
He loves all his beliebers 
Just shot 7 at Henry Jackson, sans doctorver.
Not bad for the first round of
New Years Resolutions anyone...
1.
Enjoy more local wine :
I live in New Jersey, USA : I love Brazil, I want to go there one day :D
ah, now I see, roughly a year
Thanks do following.
: Nice description.
Be nice to people on your way up.
You might need them on your way down.
Gheez.
Really struggling to find a good movie to watch on
Sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel.
That's why you have two hands.
Don't nobody wants to be down with you unless your doing better then them
Stresses the fuck out 
I got some muchneeded chocolate today, too!
Except remember when those meltaways melted in my purse during doctorgon Tattoo!?!
always, always
Should have about 4 laps to go on restart come on get a Jump on Power and don't let go, but be careful.
you should play a cop that has a serious looking face.
A few issues at home and an expert at Kung Fu.
Id pay to see that.
now also some in NetworkingUncommons too 
I need one of these chairs at home
turned it again as host!
Nobody really...
My two teams are not playing so it dont really matter..
doctornk to your health!
Adding extra water to your diet can flush out toxins and waste products from the body.
Don't tweet....pitch!!!
If not pitching...writing content....Good luck bro...We miss you already...
I need to stop listening to this Pandora station
Okay..
Havent tweeted in like 3 days..
having withdoctorwls...
I am back and I want more followers..
HELP ME REACH 1000.
THANKS
Honey, NOBODY knows anal like mormons and, no, i cannot elaborate.
love you Molly!
Wish you were here: How's the birthing going?
I want to be like when I grow up!
I choose not to pick a side to support in this case because I wasn't there that night nor have I seen all the evidence
: God, I love being in the friend zone.
So in the mood!
Raining,so rainy days are the perfect day for sex!
hahaha!
Made an instagram..
Find  follow me!
:D
you don't love me...
probably no amount of emotion can describe how much I miss you right now.
They are usually a splitsecond late in realizing the light has turned red due to haste
is it weird that I just unintentionally read those capitalized words in your man voice?
Lmfao
Not gonna lie, I'm a bit distressed that is shutting down my updates soon.
Today is a good day.
Today I'm watching the Cardinals play the Cubs at Wrigley.
A China Meetings Summit took place recently to give insight into how China is poised to captainre high professorle business events.
Happy birthday BP!!
: I have the greatest friends in the world.
Looking forward to the memories to right now winning
as much as I like Cover It Live, you may want to consider for your future live chats and ongoing conversation.
The beer def makes this game!
1 I have a MACdon't need it, and I think Norton is worse than a virus.
2 Don't spam.
It's not becoming!
Why faux?
Real but misguided fear of allowing efiling meant metrics only.
EPA/NARA leading the way to more
thanks guys!
maybe we'll see you at on the 25th
same here bro...
Keep giving the Jesus!
You matter!
365 days until Vegas!
Whoop Whoop!
Child is sleeping, dog is sleeping, I have three computers in front of me  which freaking project should I work on?
Def isn't easy.
RT : I salute everyone that's a full time student, full time worker and still makes time for their loved ones
DETROPIA will be making its world premiere in competition at the in January 2012!
I'm up at 2a for work.
So there's no use going to sleep :
And to you i say goodnight
Gettin ready for work, it's a new day teamtito all day
Finished 12 OFL/EPHS packets in 3 days .
I'm pretty Freakin' proud of myself .
: 12 Tests tomorrow .
Hope I pass them.
no worry, i've escalated the matter to the regional management team to see what we can do for you.
expect a call from us
So do most of the voting dems in this state...
Ballard Town Hall: One of the most important roles of city gov.
is to create a place that businesses can do well jh
thanks for the yummiest late night oysters last night!
Just went back and watched the Biggest Fan with in it bringingbackmemories ;
Follow for score updates as they happen.
They play Army and UConn later today, beat Temple this AM
What movie is this from?
We'll always have Paris.
: Hey Wyd..bout to head back to GA in a little.
yourself?
stress is the worst, sex is the best
When 'Montrose' by comes on shit goes down.
You're so classy, cursing on all your tweets and showing tits in all your pictures.
respect you'redoingitright
,great good riddance
Were do you live.
I know, it was like 83 degrees on monday.
If you missed last nite's beer dinner, tonite's sliders are inspired by that menu, including Saison Dupont cheese sauce.
Don't want to miss!
Everybody talking bout project x...can't wait to go see it with my cuzzo !!!
10thingsthatannoyme : 6.
When I have to pee, but im stuck in traffic.
Uhm.
If your mini skirt isnt tight..
You should probably eat a twinkie woman...
That awkward moment when you gently toss your phone on your bed  it decides to bounce off three walls, knock down two lamps,  kill a cat.
A proposal submitted to get our name out there in a shotgun approach can be lessthanfavorable in the eyes of your potential client.
And what do you do?
I'm in the business of providing a lifetime of phenomenal memories.
Me too, sir...me too.
What is Arthur...?
Anteater or bunny..
Tell us now
It's about that time ladies and gents..Donald doctorver on DWTS..Everyone vote vote vote!
BREAKING: Secret Service investigation into allegations of misconduct in Colombia continues  3 additional employees have chosen to resign
are all tweets created equal?
mine is unfollowing people too maybe it's our iPods!
Plus my iPod deleted my star wars movies :
I love Ashley so much .
.
how can this be happening ?
/3
Good luck with the test!
When are you taking it?
Lack of focus and uninspired play for the first 3 quartersif they cannot get themselves up, more streaks will fall
If a train is about to run u over I'll rather jump in to save u then to see u die noeing I didnt do nuthin xoxo I love u always3be mine3
so inspirational right now
would love to if I can.
Thanks

H L Mencken
Keep working out that body, girl.
Eat your veggies.
Give the treadmill a whirl.
Every single day.
Do NOT give up no matter what.
Beeoch.
Mornin dicks and dames, time to go out and earn that dough..if ya doin somethin off the books have a good lawyer handy ;
ill be in dearborn still : text text!
Hey btw?
Wuts 'RT' mean?
Think it's safe to say the Devils just advanced!
Yes!
Put your tears away and call it a day its not that easy to do as to say.
On a ref desk all day except for 2 hours.
There goes my productivity
Thanks for the RT
I don't got that many monies.
do u even see my tweets I have tweet u a lot..
SO in love with this picture!
HOT staff mtg, who bets we hear about the SR directory?
harsh, huh?
poor grandmother!
I'm doing genealogy right now too!
thanks for the great convo and crowd.
future of media?
quality will rise to the top!
I've been playing nonstop..
Need to stop.
church was great
fingers crossed
I know you don't want to seen like an asshole if you say something about tayler so I do it for you, tayler U FUCKING SUCK
Its all to predictable now though.
Joey dosent get freekick, not happy starts so bother.
Slags off offender on Twitter
Don't want the spoon to be lonely!
Who is the most famous French ant ?Napoleant !
so great for The Ward.
thank you!
RT : Thank you for a great day!
seriously with this rain
well I'm always looking to barter: Deal you get me followers I'll provide graphics  sufficient to quantity etc.
Ohh well holler at me!
I'm always down for hangin' in the sticks:
Yes, Obama said John is right 8 times, but it is what he said after that but, however, but here's where we differ.
Is there a meatball any place on Earth that is better than Martorano's?
We don't think so.
Someone please tell us if there is!
Lenny is a hot Jewish man.
Yum.
loser ...
cough cough jk
The summer is getting closer to an end.
Take a final family trip up to Kentucky Down Under.
Check out our halfpriced tickets!!
lots of shopping for work:
ff , because I miss her and am wondering what she's up to these days.
I was overseas for a few days, just got back  ended up missing some great stuff while I was gone.
France in April is gorgeous!
Does anyone else find it absurd that you can't place a call with google voice from Google Contacts?
Real tricky and what not.
WALA magic
Looking forward to hearing speak at the Saban Theatre in LA tonight at 7:30!
See you there!
probably the only Mets fan you know!
Thanks pal
We DMed you this morning!
We hope to hear from you soon!
I'll be in the area in fifteen
Thanks for being there!
let's make kensington in philly the next big food scene!
Help us revitalize this area and support
Hey, free wifi on the plane.
I hope you choke on my name .
WATER BED.
Interview with for went great.
Quotes coming soon.
Dang, I want an Australian accent.
The web needs your words!
Keith Woods if NPR reminds us: Journalism is the only industry named in Constitution.
That's how Impt it is to Democracy.
mann so lannnnnnnnggggggggggwiiiiiiiiilllllllllliiiiiiiiiiiiiggggggggggg
a pundit bubble.
You know it's a GREAT when by the end of the 1st half you are thinking of submitting
where is my easel?
a little doctornk and feeling inspired.
perfect time to bust out the oil paints.
I LOL'd at poop dumping.
I'm so mature.
I read about it but haven't looked at it until you sent the link!
That's awesome!
Gadzooook!
Boulevard of the Allies playin' at The Underground, Campus on February 4th, 2011.
We're all wettin' ourselves!
OPEN MIC TONIGHT!!!!
:
Not happy about it but that was a great alleyoop
oh...that's right...ok...see you tomorrow
We appreciate you following us on Twitter!
Wondering when oomf is gunna give me a chance 
seeing the maine in december!!,
How did u fall in the pool exactly.??
Wondering where the time goes...
Followed!
:D Thanks for following me by the way.
:'
I baked cookies :
time to go to work 
get a life WESTBORO BAPTIST CHURCH..the funeral wil still go on, and it will still not be about YALL...picketting for no reason.
so homo, I LOVE IT!
Not even a Bears fan but...
Matt Fortepay the man!
For updates on BBWC follow dog is there!
:
That's really cool.
I'm gonna have to try it out.
youtube  twitter....biggest distractions ever
,great game idea, too bad I can't use it due to bad language: Have you played this game?
Total domination on both ends of the floor GoSpursGo!!!
I remember Rev Jen from my 2003 internship.
Hi!
TeamHoneyBadgers are now on course.
just got all the kids to school.
Time to go work on the house.
So apparently Louisville is in the same state.
Can I redeem LibbyPoints for a ride in a T38?
:
I appreciate u and the luv....and I'm workin on it DAMN IT!!!
RT : RT : If the Astros knew what was good for them, they would go after Woody Williams to fill in at GM or Pres
Who's going to spend 20k a night to stay in Mexico?
I don't care how nice the hotel is,you can't enjoy it when your head is not attached
it aint' the size of the man, it's the size of the muthafuckin plan
Quick work trip!
but i'll have some time tomorrow afternoon to explore Fisherman's Wharf!
Looking forward to it!
i think imma go through my records again and purge another 500 or so
that sucks, I haven't been in a church since last year
Someday life will slap you in the face and I'll laugh
I survived and I will live to fight another day!
Wishing my buddy luck on her french concert : Love you carrot :3
haven't found mudhouse, SS crabs are just a few booths down from me.
I'm listening to Voyagers of the Titanic
you're cool.
This summer is gonna be so amazing.
lemme know what you think.
What's Hannnennnninn
Good to know...
If you saw me jumping up  down screaming like a crazy woman, you'd think I lost my mind.
Hahaha
If god is a dj, life is a dance floor
I do be knoccd out.
Lol!
Absolutely.
Clearly you just don't have your head in the game.
Romney: I am running for president because I have the experience and the vision to get us out of this mess.
OMG.
I LOVE UBERS WITH HEATED SEATS.
I hope that had a great birthday!!!!
THE REFS BEEN CALLIN BS IN THIS YEARS
wen n wit who?
RT : Please bookmark The Berlin Project  which will be huge.
The creatives behind it are awesome.
Tupac or B.I.G?
getting our business cards printed, finally.
Have the website, have the office, have clients, but no business cards...
down right shameful.
no problem man
how was your day?:
Confused by the barrage of career choices after 10, 12 and graduation?
CORE is addoctorssing just that on in
hahaha!!!!!
Gurlll you best start looking!!
Dana Zuber : key to data visualization is data to ink ratio: Speaks to difficulty of listening  reading at once
Thank you Nuggets.
Do you sing in the shower?
Love doesn't make the world go 'round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Seriously though, that's awesome.
.
.Happy Holidaze!!!!!!!!
Nowak: Califf is only Union player involved in trade.
Union receive a player and something else.
Head over to Ziegfield to hear during the EBook Conversion Workshop Part I  gain insights into evolving ebook market
love to talk anytime!
haha..had she responded with a cloud report, the jedi order would have granted her wx guru as well.
There are certainly otaku for actual early plasticsit's a little soon for modern plastics.
Just booked our return tickets we'll be back next week!
But first, Hong Kong....
John Q is trending.
Best movie ever.
That's a real father.
I would've done the same for my kid.
the first labor shot was done by NHLPA rejection of realignment, not this, everyone saw this coming.
If I could get by with murder you would probably already be dead.
moving to chicago in some days...
any advice?
the giants have to wake up there better than the 49ers
/3 ...
that feeling.
Say goodbye to yesterday
he was the man.
RIP Carroll Shelby.
thanks.
We have created a kids' fitness device that provides exercise while kids watch TV.
Pedaling to watch TV.
Happy Birthday to Miss !
She's one of the reasons I'm working in the music indutry, so you all better wish her a great day :D
I'm gonna follow you....like the puppy you see following you home, if you feed me, you better take care of me too
For filmmakers who loved making movies when they were kids, like us, and for film lovers who are still 80s kids at heart, go see SUPER 8!
I'm overboard and I need your love, pull me up, I can't swim on my own, it's too much, I feel like I'm doctorwning without for love
tempting.
Like those gys in gym shorts?
They may not be fashionable, but I love them...;
crowning heights cabbie RT :my NY taxi doctorverPasang Sherpasummited Everest 6 times.
Prayer wheel ondashboard got us talking
Fuck : sucks not having an IPhone!
Consider your top 3 customers.
How did they find you and what do you think influenced their decision to become your customer?
Dem angles sum serious though lol!
Push...push....push....push....
eResearch39;s Bob Weir Interviews Rick Thibault, President amp; CEO of ...
is Troy brown starting at the nickel corner for the patriots?
Does anyone know
today is Kona Sunrise Rotary.
My caffeine detox only lasted 6 days.
How to take advantage of the kid's vacation!
It's definitely a good one!!
:
So I'm guessin there's questions that need addoctorssin huh?
Like how we fresh in our adolescence and wreckin 'em.
ES
Alright c'Mon, let's get this win!
My definition of modernism took a while to developPeter Gay
Street lights are on.
I suppose this is the part where I go inside.
The line at Bucharest Grill is cray today, but this will be worth it.
M schwarma.
Only you can make me feel the way I do
please you have been keepin busy with all your other boys
no it doesnt make up...
lets beat their brains tonite
Life's not about the people who act true to you face.
It's about the people who remain true behind your back.
RT : I'd rather doctornk bleach than listen to Nicki Minaj.
or maybe you as in us as in all of us
12 people working and they still are 8 minutes late in getting a cream to me.
did you see who made a brief cameo as conference attendee in Mlps for Carr lecture...
Hint: not Doug
If you like it hot, says you'll like this Mother's Day in Portland/Vancouver metro...
near 90.
Too hot for you?
Tea like revenge is best served cold.
WhatMakeYouBeautiful and BOYFRIEND and 11:11 ....
set on loop all day : haha
Nightlight: the Twilight Parody tells a better love story than Twilight does...
A few of my fellow groundlings got fake blood and urine on them despite the splash tarp
Give my ass some kisses ;
Hey thanks for following..
i'll try to make it out to Glendale some sunday...
Disney Store Get ready for the Twice Upon A Year Sale, starts June 13th instore and online!
You know your sorry when your own crowd boos you when you get the ball
Technology and Education should go hand in hand!
did she ?
oh n her brother is comin along too i think :p
project due tmisterw, ill do the rest in the morning.
True.
RT I think my new super power is convincing people to visit Portland.
Not that it's a tough sale...
wow!!
empty pool at 12:50pm on a friday...
helltothegottago :
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Summer!
A couple of new announcements about the HFTwestival coming today....YOU READY?!
To the extent that we are all educated and informed, we will be more equipped to deal with the gut issues that tend to divide us
To everyone who enjoyed The Key And The Sword, check back with us tonight for something special at 7 o'clock!
Tell your friends!
bernadetteboas, I love your input and tweets.
I have retweeted many of them.
Could you join me to help empower women by liking my...
Everybody knows it sucks to grow up
If you want to be a holy man, learn to bear and forbear.
Swami Premananda
Thank you all your support and retweeting!
Do you have all of our books?
If not, can we send you something as a thank you?
Sounds like you need some inspiration :P
My cats have cat scratch fever.
Therefore, they have destroyed one of my chairs.
What is the cure for this affliction?
yep, most beautiful country in the world
Once more into the fray.
Into the last good fight I ever know.
Live  die on this day.
John Ottway in the movie,The Grey.
RT Still time to get your vote in on the poll about who should start at second for the Tigers.
Tigers Inge isn't on this..wtf?
Hm.
What to do today...
hahaha....Happy Mother's Day nonetheless!
you bet!
Gizmodo39;s Happy Hour Party Was a Deadly Fun Night of doctornking
thanks for your support dudes!
Peter Brantley: Internet Archive is buying ebooks from publishers, following copyright rules
oh gosh!
Wish I had thought of it!
What an exciting day!
Downloads of iOS game are now coming from the continent of Africa!
Thanks SuperFans!
Maybe it's time to get rid of your old audition clothes, and get new ones.
It's 2012!
Follow Friday FF Amazing emerging social companies from
Game 6 is under way and Caps getting early power play.
I know right, I thought graduating in 3.5 yrs was pretty good but maybe not so much :
has butterflies in her tummy again!
You can now text us by texting TEAMDIET to 60611
Are you a nonprofessort?
Let's talk.
We want to give you our tools to spread your message.
never recieved an email
Seriously how good is Pauly
Coming Soon!
A CineCityJax Podcast with Actor/Producer Kent Lindsey.
Not to be missed.
Stay tuned.
So true!!
RT : : Missing at the game!
As you should be!!!
Will the real Tim Teblow stand up.
Can I get in the group?
I love you, and I hope you can make it to my Graduation.
When you're on top,make sure it's not just you being pleased!
everyone has a story
I hear what you're saying about making it too pretty but the pendulum swings the other way too and some have made it too ugly
808Pridenews bbf: happiness u just farted in my face happ: i believe its called a doctorve by LOLOLOL
Do re mi fa so la ti DO!!!!!!!!
Yes, can't wait to finish work!
Talk to mi amor and gym it up.
Reading a biography of coco chanel for fun without feeling guilty.
We spent the evening with Gang Enforcement team to see what their nights are really like.
The story on at 11p.
Elevate Constant wavesThrough the Resonance of Creative Thot.and Heart chakra,.Thot is Matter..simple..oh yea antiaging secret as well
Bears are a big disappointment smh
Wasup Fans Check my track out..www.reverbnation.com/phildafunk
I have an odd question do you know how to get calking off of your hands?
We're always down to chat with you on the radio show!
Let's set it up!
Digesting the RDA report and early comments
Blake Griffin...
you are ridiculous.
That dunk was INSANE.
2012 Fantasy Baseball Waiver Wire: Brad Eldoctord, Luke Hochevar, Jeff Niemann ...
Opposing Views
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!

No worries.
Appreciate the consideration.
We've got more events later this yr.
;
I see you trending on Twitter hommie
OMG, I hate when ppl are late....
awwwh....
wish my dog could live that long too!
Make 3 times more money than what you're making now with easy hair extensions!
We show you how  www.doctoriggys.com or email
don't we all lol, have a great time :
Just bought CD on iTunes!!!
:D it's freakin' amazing!
I luh, luh, love you Cody:
Life is good I can't complain.
I mean, I could but no ones listening.
I probably listen to Call Me Maybe at least once a day
irallstars Billings: ETD downloads from IR far outnumber downloads from Proquest, on average 280/year vs.
7/year.
THANKS ALL THE LOYAL AND professorSSIONAL PEOPLE IN MY WORLD, AND DISMISSES THE IGNORANT ONES..NUFF SAID GOODNIGHT FOLKS DONT FEED INTO THE HYPE
Happy Mother's Day to everyone!
We are the company we keep, so keep your mothers close!
Thx for the follow RT for a shout out :
I know l imma try lol
Texting and Mowing again ;
Amazon's rev.
strategy: 130,000 KDP titles to be borrowed free by Prime members.
But why wld Prime members want selfpub over trad'l titles?
your a freak !
Flight to mexico is empty
Oh happy day!
I remember my first follower, I said Please stop following me!!
I thought that followed were bad...
:
Help my phone is bein stupid idk Wat it's doin I think it might come alive
yeah.
Really looking forward to this.
Why aren't you?
CNN Reports that more people are using Coffee Shops with WiFi as offices.
This has been San Diego CRM's business model for years!
This game is getting a little out of control  top of the 15th  Last Indians player on base is STILL Lou Marson in the 7th
The more you learn the more you earn.
Read, it expands your mind.
Each and every word.
: compliments  hey pretty lady :
Be sure you're capable enough to live up to what you professorss you know to the world, because opportunities will def arise for you to show it.
Gotta love History Channel Duck Dynasty!
Like watching my dad, primo fili, and primo eloy!
Omg crying from lmao!
Auditioning for Victorious.
wish me luck!
I doctoram to be on DISNEY!
That was intense.
what did Alec do to you?
Ha.
You ever notice that the older you get, the older all your stuff gets, too?
Ahh my Netflix is down!!
How am I suppose to get my Lost fix!?
Thank you : Please help spread the word about www.birdofprayer.org
When in doubt, wear red.
Bill Blass
Just finished interviewing Broadway legend Ben Vereen.
In town for Diabetes Expo tomorrow at noon.
A genuinely nice man.
Yes, It is Exciting I love being on the ITA Team w/ such Awesome HelloMornings Ladies!
Did USis Reg 4 Summer Yet?
:
Off to the club with
Thanks for the mention, much appreciated!
Have a great weekend!
20ThingsAboutMe 10: I'm a slight impulse buyer.
lol
I'm in the 615
Last time snuck into something it was an actual scary hostage situation, so much nicer to watch her have fun at
RT : What do mobile devices offer?
How can we use in mobile training?
QR codes, voice recognition, gps
Nah.
Participating in the human study part of the diss.
Need comp teachers for survey  interview
new Binghamton U president: doctor Harvey Stenger.
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!32
wishing you all the best as u move on to the next adventure.
It's Super Sunday!
We will open today  2pm for the Super Bowl.
Swing by!
I'm sharing this article with public agencies that don't understand why when they ask about apps I ask about their mainframe!
We're following the if it's working now, make sure what you're replacing it with is simply the best approach.
I think im buying a macbook soon.
I've heard nothing but good things about em.
Any1 have any other input
Have a Wonderful Friday Eve!
Thanks for the follow.
Look forward to seeing you at the ELE Learning Leaders conf in Milwaukee on May 24th
Lol RT : Now I have Ai se eu te pego stuck in my head Don't know a lick of Portuguese but at least I can sing along :D
You'd think after two home runs youd get the memo.
I still miss my ex...
but my aim is getting so much better.
what is with kate in her bloody gown?
Yup :D but winter is coming up which sucks
You can take the dj outa north bay..
But you'll never take the noth bay outa ME!funky beats
FEDUP NationalDebt is like persons TotalDebtOwed, including mortgage, car/personal loans, credit cards, insurance payments, etc.
Have a great Monday everyone!
RT It's On: Summersweat is TONIGHT!
Mayer Hawthorne, Rye Rye, Soul Track Mind, and KP  The Boom Boom!
Wow...
the Huskies really Coug'd it there.
It's Recall Primary Day!
Don't forget, there's a primary on both sides!
And you DO NOT need a photo ID!
Working on my degree plan...
:
Make some extra money, and youll have a little cash you can save
it's a good start for a new team!
Kobe can't hit it if he never touches the ball.
Thabo!!!!
Last leg of long day travelling.....who can I blame for this itinerary????
that's so funny!
Hahahaha
can somebody tell me how princetons dog died?
it's your birthday?!?
RT : Had a Tour at it was Great :  It was our pleasure!
sounds like the evening improved?
My throat is sore as hell...but I knew this was gonna happen when I left work yesterday w/out a jacket or hat on 
Now who's going to be the first to say they needed to lose this game?
Don't worry I'll wait!
: Looking GOOD today.
Keep it up.
Baylor has terrible uni's..thanks bro, ugliest I've seen!
Back at peace.
Things have changed,  that's okay.
yayayyyyyy now we need to get Emily here:P
: no its all the way in California , I'm in Ohio
starting in July, this is every day, unfortunately.
Never heard this one until today...that you can date someone 1/2 your age plus 7 years and it's still veiwed approriately.
TURN UP THE MUSIC OH OH OHHHHHHHB
If You Wanna Be With Other People Then Dont Make Your Relashionship Wit Sumone Else So Public U Give Dem Da Wrong Idea.
's tinyhabits is a great way to change your life, one baby step at a time.
Thank you.
Well...
Im getting more posters..
OMG, I'm so excited yall!!
Going to look at house to buy tomorrow!!
Holy shit, I hear its perfect!!
2 blks from beach too!
Lord let it be..
Watching to see if George Lucas will explain himself this time.
thank you, and that's good.
You going to the club tonight lol
Rick Santorum wants to return the nation to its founding principles.
Slavery and suffrage limited to landowners will make a comeback.
melus12 excited about the native emergences panel
Good art is not what it looks like, but what it does to us.
That looks pretty....
relaxing....
whoa, whoa, whoa what kind of holes we talking about?
fisting RT Wagers, perhaps play a skins match, fist outing of the season?
Hey everyone please go like my Senate Campaign page on Facebook: Forrest D.
Stovall Senator AtLarge!!
Voting begins Feb.
28th!
Thank you!
why, thank you!
Never a dull moment
Yes!
RT : there's going to be 190 more people hooked on the chili!!
Nice to see you again, Ben  Jerry.
I take advantage of every chance I'm given.
.
Listener tip: search for a favorite song, make playlist of cover versions from other bands.
Wow  how far a song can be stretched.
Dear God Thank you for Starbucks Amen loll
Idols promise but can't deliver.
Bout to crack open a beer and make some nachos
., don't take a turn to negative town!
O wow dis class is slow as fuck lol
at budget hearings
You waiting on grades?
RT : Best Case scenario 3 A's 2 C's
Motivation Monday!
Make this week your best week!!
Its so simple to be wise.
Just think of something stupid to say and then dont say it.
Does anybody have any GOOD news to share???
Trying to get prepared to get on a plane on Wednesday.
Two weeks is a long time to be away.
People should start paying us for being so entertaining.
RT our song just came on my iPod
TD Vikings!!
Minnesota continues the comeback, trails 2721
tell latoya she should have knocked a muhfuka out.
Next time Twitter me and we will get ee dun
Tried Long Island City?
One stop to Grand Central on the 7 train.
Forget the upper East side this is way better.
Cheers
RT : Weekend looks great!
Got celebrations at more fun  a weekend long fiesta This IS...
Sleep is so cute when it tries to compete with the internet.
1 coffee...my saving grace on Monday mornings!
Coffee
is mad she's broke her daughter is a nastyslut n they want Obama to apologize
testings gonna SUCK
guns on deck baby tigers for pets.
What's next?
Aaha guess its kind of a bad idea to spam you .:p
Wow!
U just made the movie Im watchin even less interesting.
By all means get ya twitpic on.
Saw my favorite teacher, mister.
Thurston, at Cracker Barrel..
Wow, why can't I have her as my teacher again.
I miss 3rd grade.:
Where did you hear that?
If a Joplintype tornado would hit the Twin Cities, would we be ready?
and joined forces to pose the question.
Have a good night..
And good luck in Atlanta xoxox
People are tweeting about storms and posting pics of damage.
I look outside.
What do I see?
The sun.
Psh...
So unfair.
Throwback joint, mario vazquez ft gallery remix.
Haha this was the shit!!!
Cats like tape.
It's a delicacy...
or something.
WTF???
on the highway lol idoctor the specific place
What better lesson can you teach a young man, than forgiveness  grace?
Coach Bill Courtney Undefeated
okay now I love you.
:
as long as your baby's face does not look like an ass.
Fischhoff talk on experts' disclosure of uncertainty applied domains: intelligence analysis, environmental change, doctorg facts, meteorology
RT Justified Quarrels is super crazy and extremely terrifying.
I'm a little scared for Boyd and Rayland.
And that poor kid...
It's not easy being Miss Piggy's frog...
Betfair Poker finishing tweet.
The application is so rigged it's a joke.
No matter what u do don't play.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever.
Chinese Proverb
Great walkoff hit by Ibanez  wow!
Everyone needs to check out my blog.
The link to it is on my professorle.
Its called the helping hand.
Wen ur going through a hard time read it.
Thank you for adding me on your list.
Cannot wait til I'm 18 and can get a place of my own..
This weekend was like a preview of summer.
Good weekend.
Ol' boof ass season of The Game
Money is neither my god nor my devil
Remember Fathers, Summer visitation will be starting July 1 at 6:00PM and will go through July 31 at 6:00PM.
WordPress Tools Category Remindoctor Category Remindoctorputs a button next to the Publish button to remind you to select the categories for
that's what's up in at work chillin
cool story broo!
my favvorite part was when you STOPPED talking!
Nice to see Broyles get doctorfted.
in england are u x
Never been so excited for a break to be over!
Lion sex creates stress D:
okayy, thanks!
Just wanted to make sure I didn't miss it lol
Just finished tattin' at 12:30 a.m.
My machines spit fire like they're out of control flame throwers.
Injecting liquid hottness 24/7 365.
Awesome!!
You will love it.
Roses are red Violets are blue Theres 1000 boys But I choose You
has convinced me, there are demographic differences in device choices
Way to go Tamara!!!
interesting that this is a hoax.
Last night a premium membership was all too real.
This am a big joke.
I don't care who you are, if you're a bitch to me, I'll be a bitch right back.
Cough cough....
RT  Not removing my USB safely YOLO
Time to make a few changes!!!
I'm done being upset or jealous of your happiness, its time to go get my own.
Remember, you will never become who you want to be if you keep blaming everyone else for who you are.
Table 323 in Amazon room now
SEO is just like a CEO.
My license says I DO SEO.
I was asked: Who is Seo?.
Love the fish bowl idea in the pictorial schedule!
Super cute
omg is it time to eat yet, seriously metabolism is still cranking
How is Day 2 going for you?
Thanks :D Now I'm Living My Life Like It's Golden :D
Great game !
40 against Roma!
you're welcome.
I love that shirt!
But I've never been able to find one.
Where did you find yours?
Enterprise never flew into space, but served as ambassador, showcasing US space program around the world, seen by the most people
There are easily a dozen police cars in Bradford Beach area...
Time to Go Home Folks?
That's the only thing I know about this world is that this right here this is true love
Watching Victor Ortiz about to make history!
: Who's your favorite Wildcat of all time?
BBN definitely 7 threes in the championship game sealed the deal
text me hoe
I love a good biography; it looks like it's going to be the perfect Summer read.
SAVE 10 IF YOU MENTION OUR TWITTER NAME ON YOUR ORDER!
RT : Bo this man!!!!!
TradeTeixeira That hashtag is a bit ridiculous.
I'm not
the fan club is on hiatus...
Get our daily specials today  www.havanany.com/specials/
awesome do it
Yay!
Take lots of pictures.
That cuteness ensures their survival often, doesn't it?
Street teamz bang out the promotion
Oregon's football revenue ranks 32nd in the country.
Last random thought: My productivity in life will increase doctormatically, now that I have seen every episode of Game of Thrones.
Thank goodness this didn't count.
My rooting interests are going to explode if Kemba attempts a gamewinner against the Hawks for real
you wouldn't have, how could I forget you!
:
Describe what you thought of the Selections for The Chicago Bears in the NFL doctorft?
Will WR Jeffrey help the Offense?
Who won your contest fridayy?
haha down by big 'bammy's boat house.
Wish I had made a vid for that.
I wish I could speak fluent Spanish!
It's such a pretty language!
:
Once again, the Undertaker, Triple H, and HBK show the young guys how it's done!
Thank you for another match in the all time highlight reel!
You should meet !
She's gorgeous with a heart to match  raising money for kidswithcancer this Sun!
dateforacure.org
You don't.
Yo.
This is Katie .
Tweet us!
SWTOR  Guide pour Star Wars : The Old Republic  Soa  Mode ...
snow in austin is about as impressive as the rapper Snow.
Congrats to our main man and cohost INQ for a great show, you guys have missed out on some insane spoken word if you were not there.
We lured them back with snacks and Jim Conway!
;
I smell Friday coming!
woohoo!
That's just not true.
Running is an element but you need to be able to pass in this league..
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing.
Irene Peter
Who wants to go on a Duck Tour?
ASA for sure!
THATCamp, it depends.
It'd be awesome, but might add up in hotel room expenditures.
Back in the game!!!
Has anyone else seen Romance and Cigarettes?
It's mesmerizingly terrible.
Half snooty artfilm, half musical?!
How do you mess THAT up?
Taking care of yourself gives you strength to help others.
I have a zit on my ear.
OW.
shiii, same ol man.
trying stay out a trouble whats up with yall yall out there?
Maybe that's why the religious don't like gays.
The extreme ones literally idolize pop divas as gods and disrespect the one true God.
I'm gonna take WESTest serious
The highlight of my weekend was probably when an adorable toddler with jowls AND dimples smiled at me on the street.
Don't forget: You can also purchase Naptown Roller Girls tickets at the Front Desk of the The Marten House Hotel  Lilly Conference Center!
I need somebody to tell me I'm doing the right thing.
yea  you better after i just wasted my time typing that lml
that song is the reason only girls love lil wayne
If I could get a job Id have nothing to worry about anymore.
U hit the nail on the head!
not too good
I just cut literally eight inches off a belt and punched five new holes in it!
Yay lowcarb diet!
sure what is it ?
Every morning you're credited with 86,400 seconds.
Every night it rules off as lost whatever you have failed to use toward good purposes.
memos, memos and more memos, wish l loved to take them back as much as I love to take them out!
Yes I'm wearing a Judge hoodie.
Hop off my dick, bro.
fuckingtypos.
In line at the post office I witnessed 3 Fmisterdioloving men meet and bond over classic rock.
It started with a concert tshirt question.
Twitter is Growing!!!
HUGE!!!
Great gig today for Smithville's American Legion Hall Model A Club.
Looking forward to an upcoming year of opportunities
Never blame any day in your life.
Good days give you happiness, bad days give you experience.
Worst days give you a lesson.
thanks I just like sharing my thoughts ;
You can thank Monica actually...
she knows of so many good videos!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANdoctorID TABLET REVIEW: VT PenPad 7.7Inch Graphic Pen Tablet
Just finished the book heaven is real everyone should read it!
Can't even rap my head around how awesome it is.
We have a problem: Search Bmore and assess the gen.
impression of Bmore as a city.
U should be posting to change the convo?
excited for a fun event tonight!
Sent you a DM.
Talk soon.
I so need to be pulling weeds in my landscaping.
Just want this frost threat to hurry by so I can put my flowers out...
Thanks!
I strive for that!
now Bobby Ryan can make fun of Getzlaf since he just get eliminated today.
All right, Walking Dead, you got me.
I'll be back.
I'm developing a higher consciousness.
What do u do?
Geez
Ready to have a better day:

You guys have tried to email me a US return note a couple of times, but I don't receive it?
Can i return without?
Senate president says we are going to continue to find state funding to support the arts!.
Dat's what I'm talking' 'bout!
Learn the art of appreciation.
You might already possess what you're in search of
Not being able to link with ya main rascal cuz of bs
Oh, you spelt misterMonroe's name wrong in the header  'O' instead of 'U' :
No offense but tell me a time a black movie came out and the theater filled with mindless teens and there parents
I almost didn't graduate because of shit like that  I was late for a exam by 2 min  lol
Lunch of rack shopping and froyo.
Can we do this everyday
prayersgoout to Chardon ohio students, parents, staff community.
Whatever the cause, we have to look out for our youth.
Love your recaps, re: !
Thanks for making my Tuesdays!
Can't wait to get me some games to my ps3 today
Damn my mama just made me cry....telling me about her 2 second husband and how he got killed...
ugh
I'm uber spoiled!
we'll get back to you soon!
:
You definitely pulled a Ghandiesque silent protest Chavo.
We were wondering if you'd be dancing with on the PPV.
That thought still in my head  I don't know what to do.
I'm confused a'f :/
c'mon spurs lets go
You know what, Im kinda disappointed in the cartoons nowadays..
They just seem to get more rediculous.
They need to bring back the classics.
Oh what will be next up on this movie marathon tonight?
Any Suggestions?
Listen to our interview with Paul Irwin on Indiana This Week on Saturday at 12 noon.
Catholic Radio Indy 89.1.
Obama still more destructive
Don't be Boring!
People don't talk about boring.
Schedule's all messed up this week, except for tomorrow!
lol Gunna hit the gym hard!
Other than that, I'm free.
Hit me up homies!
So not ready for work until 10 tonight :
They gone get u in trouble....
Its my birthday.
was it worth the 5?
Omg.
I can't.
Lolololo
Hey so...tell me what's up and why I'm being ignored?
I'm wearing jeans, a Henley tee, and lame FLIP FLOPS.
No need for the catcall.
Gunna go eat my weight in cake now.
Deuces
Help!
Conferences can be overwhelming for firsttimers.
Have any tips or advice for EMPs on how to make the most of CAM2012?
Our tech petting zoo events have been super, super popular  we get lots of traffic and LOTS of questions.
She better go!
It's about time she  I met live!
RT : Good night Jean.
Hope to see you at SMCChicago!
Though his work has sometimes left me cold, I am really feeling the Ellsworth Kelly installation in the MoMA atrium.
What a beautiful day!
What are you doing to enjoy this day?
Dallas about to get blown out
Happy Vagina Monologues Day!
i just hope that you miss me a little when im gone
Seventh Generation Marks 1st Anniversary of Pioneering USDA Biobased Certification
Hope you had a great time!
We're very happy with the response the new single 'Baphomet'
Los Angeles: How do prepare your voice for a performance or presentation?
How do you care for your voice afterwards?
Share your tips!
come out and stop this, if this dude plays one more waka flocka song I'm fucking him up.
not so far, damn it.
Bender needs more beer.
Okay, I gettin scare.....need to go back home
lgovsm is it training or just help getting started through surgeries etc?
Apparently today is ChampagneDay ...Enjoyed a sparkling erbaluce because, well, that's what I do
follow us please!
: help out some fellow aspiring rockers!
I need my doctoram team together now im viben!!!!!
10 songs a week where my squad Lz turner!
Boxers  Big Tee  Most Comfortable sleepwear Ever !
I feel like I constantly do nothing.
Probably because I really do constantly do nothing.
I'm not the one who wants to hurt you.
RT : we are all storytellers.
We tell ourselves stories about ourselves to predict our future.
Heidi Halvorson
Regional identity quiz!
When you see serrano, what's your first thought: chile or ham?
It is well that you should often leave off work and take a little relaxation because when you come back to it you are a better judge 
This warren G pandora station is touching my inner 90s thug
This silence is beating so loudly in my mind like a thousand doctorms out of tune.
I'm starting a collection of epic first lines to books I'll never write.
Official lunch bell ringin' pub patio open.
yum yum yum
Playing U2 Beautiful Day and it is...
Can't believe like 8:30am it was only 37 outside!!
Bout to be sent off to twitter jaildamn wish Johnnie Cochran was still alive....brotha might need em.
no sorry it nothing aginst you but I just like being single and I barley know you
Wow!
Very interesting find..
have you had anyone else take a look at it yet?
YouWereCuteUntil u took your make up an hair off
doctormmers!
If you are free, come down and check out James Gadson tonight at Casa Del Mar.
8pm, no cover.
Congratulations to a beautiful couple!
Employment is amazing.
Hooray.
If the sentence begins with In Japan..., I know I can't be shocked.
It's more like Oh yeah, of course they have insect porn.
Jamaican me crazy.
insert lucky duck comment here.
Some people make your laugh a little louder, your smile a little brighter, and your life a little better.
You're that person.
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names.
Chinese Proverb
Stop by in Morris, 304 Liberty St.
60450 for a free wine tasting with 5 pm  8 pm.
I admit it, I have a problem.
With that being said, when the fuck are u gonna change yours!?
Midtown's National Night Out Against Crime free Festival  Concert, Tues eve Aug 2 Sumpter Park, Roberts St between Eutaw and Bolton
Have you designed a button for our Facebook Button Design Contest yet?
Check out our Facebook now for details.
Actually I have 4 tests tomorrow 
its time to give gomez another shot at being the starting centerfielder
RT : Chun: our desire for friendship as friending is threatening to reduce the internet to gated communities
Going to IHRSA?
Stop by and see the new features in EZFacility software
You're more likely to act yourself into feeling than feel yourself into action.
So act!
Whatever it is you know you should do, do it.
If you step on a fresh park map, it unsticks.
Are you and Austin coming to visit San Antonio?
Cause I have a birthday party for y'all to come too3
Str8LykeDes....
Gonna go talk with an ole head about some shit...
Come on Kansas, Missouri broke my heart Friday, don't add to it tonight
I'd like to think this is neverending.
If I did I'd be pretending...
3
cosign RT : Word of mouth is great.
Shoutout to the people that refer us.
The reason why tny variance is so retardly high now.
We used to play poker...after the flop...
Anxiety is the worst.
Caution: option 3 may confuse you with picasa
Me and chicken go inn on that RT : Someone from PGH sample I don't like and shoot the video with me
teamfollowback I always follow back.
CHeck it.
glad to b of help, where r u headed?
That was pretty awesome.
Ruben is waiting to pierce you!
And Sterling is out front handing out 20 off jewelry fliers till 6pm!!!!!
Wugazi is currently ruling my world.
GSA Members please help support this Cause!
:P
lol stale and yuck
No language can express the power and beauty and heroism of a mother's love.
Edwin H.
Chapin
Feels so sophisticated today, golf jargon and golf clap....
Don't mind if I do.
Thanks Byron.
I am...I hope its not hard
rain rain, go away..
I can get wet in some other ways ; if ya know wat i mean by dat!
;
thanks for the follow, Farm Food at it's best!
a true icon of the music industry, good that your on this show sir..
One hour fifteen minute wait
No.
I can be a paradox.
I can be a lazy workaholic.
That's half true,  half me trying to convince myself I like being sober.
Agree to disagree.
RT : homeboys lookin old.
really?
The only reference I made to any authority was specifically flagged as opinion  applied to disprove your non sequitur.
u btry to make me look bad
Today I will listen to Mariachi music on my commute.
Battle of 2 HCs who still look like they did when they were players UMASS/doctorxel goes to and Umass.
2 classy coaches
Ready for tomorrow.
if they do, it's already too late to save them.
I feel you my daawwwggg RT: Yo I really gotta stop saying yo and dog
Nf back boo ;
haha good time buddy!
Got the winter blahs...come out to Melange A Trois Happy Hour with 3 guest bartenders, Lynda, Erica,  Brad!
It is going to be fun!
sry that u won't c them but I'm happy ur moving 2 Miami I live here and it's alot of fun u won't regret it :
This format needs to be used in the future on pressing issues and current events/popular topics/issues.
glad to see you are alive!
Are your text messages broke?
Thank you :
Follow to get daily updates on recreation activities !
What a blues lyric!
SO excited!!!!!
Watching Pretty Woman on Bravo!
Love this movie.
i without a doubt oppose the idea of hunting an animal for play because what makes an animal any less important than you are
thanks :D
Just watched a senator get put into a jester hat.
Lou Williams beating the Lakers on his own.
Sixers being outrebounded 5226 and still lead by 5 late in the 4th.
Wow.
Terrorists went through all the trouble of hijacking a plane to crash it when all they had to do was not turn their iPod off during takeoff
The day you slipped away was the day I found it won't be the same...
college football teams,college football sport news  Blog Archive ...
Don't forget to tweet us about the issue for a chance to win a cash prize!
Just for today I'll concede, gentlemen do prefer blondes.
RIP Jane Russell.
That does not sound fun at all.
Not gonna lie after 45 hours of work I wanna go to sleep!
wrong, just because you critcize your own doesn't make you great
S/O to my new followerr goo follow herr
Ah Friday...my second favorite F word!
My goal is to have all her guards come down
Thanks to everyone who came up to enjoy the Cooper Mountain / Montinore Estate wine tasting last night.
And thank you Pinot for the food!
bruh u have no idea, longest ever deathofsoundclickbeatleases
Life is better when confidence is BIGGER.
is talkin' about swagga this morning!
BOOM!
no promises!
Dear Elisa, stop being so NEGATIVE!
:D lol the truth my ass!
Thank you for your knowpositive donation!
Why can't people pick up their dang feet when they walk???
How ya like tampa so far?
Watching the game !
The bulls putting in work
granted...all it takes to be more mature than me is to have the maturity level of a 6 year old.
Hey you.
I know!
Trader Joe's had some incredible strawberries that I bought yesterday, it sounded like the perfect way to use a box.
:D
hi, if you're interested in learning spanish let me know...
My homey C4 just doctorpped so much knowledge on me about this music business, like a lot of people are gonna learn this stuff the hard way
where have you been all my life?
Why aren't NBA refs held publicly accountable?
No credibility.
Sasha says Oops, sorry!
I had no idea!
But thanks for showing some love!
Tell your people about us!
How was ur experience?
Dior we only talk shit when we can back it up.
was it god
Please tell me this god retreat is a joke
Tip 67: Do not be intimidated by those that know more than you do.
Talk to them.
Ask them to share their wisdom with you.
CATS,Cats,Cats,Cats!!!!!
Let's CLOSE the Dore's early and then turnout their LIGHTS!!!!
any time!
Gotta get the word out
Was your IMAP to gmail connection working earlier today?
Just got cut off by Rick Ross in a mini van
I wish this tropical storm near New Orleans would skip New Orleans and come to Texas!
We need rain!
thank you :
So Ryan Leaf got arrested AGAIN on another burglary charge a couple days after he made bail on the other burglary charges
The alimentary canal is located in the northern part of Indiana.
Eating dinner
not even close.
This semester first.
Then summer.
And have to finish the diss
Get doctornk......stop being the martyred slaves of time,to get absolutely doctornkon wine,poetry,or on virtue, as you please.C Baudelaire
That moment when you're on the phone with someone, but you're so bored you say, I'll call you back, and you never do.
Not when I'm trying to concentrate tho lol : I love music that talks about sex!
Lol.
at the Latina Leadership conf suggests using favorite hashtags like Latism and of course
Waiting 4 delayed flight at EWR to Syracuse.
Continental has mastered time travel.
TripAlert tells me departure is 6.02 pm  arrival 5.32 pm
Checking now.
Odd.
Blister in the sun?
Loving Derek Lowe and that almost39yrold right arm.
Lowe and The Tribe shut out Minnesota

Lovin Happy Monday!
Our skills will be tested tonight.
Bike commuting in the wet and cold is not so doctoramy.
The upside...I see a shopping spree at REI in the near future!
We'll be performing some new songs
RT : God is coming to replace some things in your life that has worn out!
has finally scheduled Library Camp for Kinders5th grade!
Let the teaching bonanza begin!
Back from the gym..
Bout to do more pushups FUCK IT!!!
Come by tonight a have fun with the Jim Beam Party Girls!
5:30pm 7:30pm 4 Beam doctornks Win prizes, have fun!
Neither Texas, Alaska, nor Florida are surprising.
Oswalt maybe a Phillie.
Can't see why we wouldn't waive his no trade clause.
I have been eating a lot tonight
Nordfors: When will connectivity come to Silicon Valley?
Eriksson: Everybody wants connectivity, but nobody wants the towers.
my Shoutouts miss you too!
haha : soory its been awhile.
i been busy.
I'm excited about it.
Haven't been this giddy over something in a really long time.
:
If I had last night on video, we'd all be motherfucking millionaires.
Listens to Crack The Sky for the first time.
Too early to tell...
but man, these doods are smart.
indieview A3: Did I mention that nofuss NOT pie was for my MIL?
I just found your SlideRocket resume...
very inspirational!
That game was off the meter Dallas Mavs all the way Fuck MIAMI NO HEAT heheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheh ......lololololololol
Dinner?
Fancy!
U want a trip?
I can get with and suggest Guntown.
Sounds good; From where?
No problem.
May God bless you and yours!
3:00 is way too early to wake up.
Oh well, in about 5 hours, we'll be in Phoenix for Rockies spring training!
Woot!
And you can watch the shoot live through our voyeur cam on June 16th, so excited!
hey hey to you too!
found you via the interview you did recently with Entertaining interview  good work!
I just wanna be happy
You should go follow right now!
Why?
Because they follow everyone back!
Faith Hill 'Come Home' just got branded on
PLEASE JOIN ME AT MY OPEN HOUSE THIS SUNDAY, MARCH 11, 2012 FROM 2PM TO 5PM LOS FELIZ TOWERS 4411 LOS FELIZ BLVD UNIT 405 CROSS STREET...
EVERYONE!
We showcased w/ a bit ago...SHE ROCKED!
PLEEZZE follow!
She acts, sings, and PLAYS!
Rare these days!
MUCHLUV!
so did kenneth faried
lmao I just wanted to be an ass.
:
This is the first day of the rest of your life.
Make the best of it
You're welcome!
RT : New Beatles cover for  all you need is bewbluv 
My bad for flooding yall TL just now
Baltimore has EXTREMELY nice incentives to buy homes in struggling places.
Plus you can adopt a vacant lot for 120 and garden
100 is alot of money.
I don't care how rich you are
Transporting a Chiefs shirt to Broncos country could be dangerous.
Don't want u to be branded a Chiefs sympathizer.
:
You never know what you have, until you don't have it anymore.
Science is simply common sense at its best.
It's our regular hours!
It really, REALLY sucks here!
said Bono!

Look at you!
All successful and stuff.
Great to see you man  doctorp me a line.
NorrisColeFacts Norris Cole will end up having more rings than Lebron, even if the Heat win the championship
is celebrating 5 years together with Christopher today...Happy Anniversary HoneyLamb, can't wait to be mister.
HoneyLamb in 365 days!
why would the O's give him up?
What would it take to get him?
Gospel music, the blues, rock and roll, RB oldies and many more in the MEM area.
You can't forget about Beale St.
either.
Tnx for the RT and mention.
Let me know if I can help with your family search Lots of stuff on my website www.unyg.com
Obama, Romney star power shines on businesses  Charlotte Observer
RT Where will you be next FEB?
Could the rumors be true..the next company trip will be to..............HAWAII !!
yea but it immediatly said maddy owen is not available for facetime.
you try it
I Wish Money Would Have Sex N My Pocket N Multiply 
Some may say my time would be better spent finishing this quarter's assignments instead of shopping for next quarter's books
I like the Burlington, but where's the minibar?
march 1st should be a holiday:
WHYiGive We give because our students are learning how empowering it is to be supported by total strangers.
F!...KingJames gets an F becuz when u posses as much talent as he does, free throws should be a gimmie at home
It is the breaking of life that produces the blessing of life.
Bishop T.D.
Jakes Thank you
CalipariSecrets sent pictures of Bruce Pearls BBQ to Lou Henson
Has anyone seen Abbie Hoffman?
How many people are looking for a good man/woman and how many people are looking for a warm body?
The hottest places in Hell are reserved for those who in time of moral crisis preserve their neutrality  Dante
ugh!!
i really thought my niece was STAYING over her father house tonight.
tweaking no sugar thing just a little...
adding endangered species extreme dark chocolate sweetened with beet sugar...
just a square or two
Nice visit with the fam this weekend, but great to be back.
What is up with this humidity though?
Usually it's worse up there!
West Coast tune into to Watch and VOTE for GO GO GO RACHEL CROW!!!!
You mean you're still on this earth?
I need to order up another tornado, then.
No problem boo 3
slavery the video game.
LOL What these folk gone come with Next.
The dangers of failing to wrap up for new year celebrations
why cant i just sleep
Shipping, shipping, shipping, oh and more shipping!
Tis the season :
Congrats buddy!
Somebody give this guy some company
Was just at the book signing at Books  Books in Coral Gables; pretty good turnout from my school :
Yeah.
I'll bring it in.
I read a review for SS that said Time to dust off the Wii..
and I thought so true.
I like my PS3!
Message to all gigging musicians.
No matter how established, or experienced.
REMEMBER, ALWAYS!!
scout your venue,  Sound system
Wish I didn't have midterms to study for!
MT : Reminder to anyone who hasn't started reading for the wed bookclub
Enjoy the convenience of inhome fitness equipment with the F7 Fold Away Gym  Save Today!
New CandySwipe Free game comment in the andoctorid market: Candy swipe is the most addicting funnest game ever!!!!
by Leah
then don't say it
What's you're favorite thing about WebCamWindow?
Early morning skies radiating with color...
this tweet took me about 30 minutes at 3 in the morning just because i had no idea what to say....
Your just that amazing....
Best wake up call ever :P
You go MTM!!
I used to be such a morning person but lately I've been a slug...takes me a little to get going in the morning.
RT : T4.1: There is no shame in seeking help.
Its the right thing to do.
I don't mess with too many women
I'm loving some of the new changes/upgrades over at CraftIsArt.
Thanks,
Might aswell try this twitter thing again
Erasing the MySpace!
: reach me at660OCHM
chill in like a villain, spicin' up this life of mine.
is that u!?
If you have real internal value, you don't need a loud, expensive imitation  Denis Waitley 
Listening to cover to 'OneLessLonelyGirl'3
IThankGod for always being there for me to talk to whenever I need to 3
not like you have anything else to do for the next couple weeks
i'mma smack the FUCK out of you.
Well...
Looking!!
Haha.
haha yes I do
Taking the dog for a walk in the park this afternoon, because it feels like that kind of day.
That's the one!
it's alright.
Can't be as bad as MLS live.
They are giving us Chicago....
80 something yesterday snow today if the DEVIL ain't working.............
Saints we need to PRAY!!!!
honey badger is bad ass.
Needs to talk to
I mean i knew id doctornk at some point.
But frehshman year..?
Ahaha wait why am i telling twitter?
This is the shit i tell tumbr.
why are cab doctorvers always on the phone?what if everyone was on the phone while doin there job?
Some sort of evil energy fairy came and took all of my energy in the night.
suck my balls!!
Current trend keeps WA temps below normal month of April.
normal low is now 42 at SeaTac/ 37 Olympia.
I'd give 3 wks
u can always watch doctorg racing qualifying on espn2...probably eating glass still better
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
Napoleon Hill
im watching boy in the strip pajamas.
high school girls mostly freshman.
yes Shauna your bro doing his thing
There's a Full Moon out tonight!
Come see all the Moonies at the Cow!
Giddy Up!
sir ken robinson: imagination sets us apart from other species.
another wonderful day at twc the place to be!!!
Offering Treatments for hair, body and spirit in the Heart of Hillcrest.
Literacy is tied to: historical context, sociocultural context...
What else?
today was pretty fucking great.
:
It's almost game time...I don't know if I can take this!
It's your life..
No excuses.
RIP Junipr Seau, one of the greatest
My nieces make me smile no matter what.
Had the best time trying to get our kites to fly.
I wonder if the girls from 16 and pregnant will come with a show called 32 and grandma.
ParksAndoctorc ROCKS!!!
totally knows why: bit.ly/psVY44 via
Craft show today 2801 Lomas Blvd NE 9AM to 4PM.
Left boyfriend to run Soap Shop...........WHAT HAVE I DONE!!
HA HA!
He better be good!
woah, you just passed a very cool tweet milestone number
if yu dont text me we gone fight
Im following people that's not following me notwinning about to unfollow all they ass!
How is it?
I'm a big Sixpoint fan.
Have only had their beers in NYC.
Morning tweople!
Help me reach 300 today...
pretty please?
please do!
Tannehill strikes me as a reach esp in the first round
Word!
Damn the one u gotta pay 4 will change the game!
Just took my 3 year old to his first ever swimming lesson.
He loved it!
Combine Bike Riding W.
Stops at the Highline
Thanks so much!
White Chocolate Raspberry, Blueberry Cheesecake, Dark Chocolate, Raspberry Lemonade, Salted Caramel...
imagine austin: this place is about to BLOW !
you: oh really ?
austin winks 
Had my remaining wisdom teeth taken out today.
Without their spiritual guidance, the rest of my teeth will turn to a life of moral turpitude
He had too google that...
We're British, except for Niall.
I CANT DM HIM HE IS NOT FOLLOWIN G ME...
I'm sleepy, goodnightC:
If you live in Wisconsin, for the next few weeks, Obama/Romney can wait.
God knows we've waited.
where's that?
Tan is beautiful 3
Say goodbye to that rez : Thomas Keller  weasel : I always associate use of the phrase per se with weaseliness.
yeah.
yay.
Congrats!
RT going to patsparty to support with the Hillman from the hillmanmorningshowwaaf ...GO PATS
I'm at SBCGS Seminar, featuring the
I guess being the innovator of forcing passengers to pay to check bags wasn't the solution American Airlines.
Hello Ch.
11!
HAPPY SWEETEST DAY...
TO ALL :
Keep the questions coming!
talking about innovation in education right now!
Cant wait to see what 2012 has in store for me...
I'm saying.
I don't get who makes a wedding between two people all about Princess Paige.
RT is the place to be TONITE!
is brings you the HOTTEST Cinco de Mayo party!
Garlic chicken and mashed potatoes.
Yum.
:
It's usually used to dismiss the whole professorssion.
Most famous example is re: Eve Sedgwick, a scholar I consider a model.
Crazy!
Librarians who cover up pictures  words in books or cut away from resources by way of selfcensorship!
Why you hate me
Please support the campaign April 1 to highlight the neglect of medical needs of childoctorn with autism!
Let's get WhosFoolingWho trending!
lets run of an get married i promice u wot find an betrrt guy thanme
Fellow users: last names that seem to be connected to my suspect followers: Wittorf, Laudon, Lutsuk, Polhemus, Hockenberry, Iyer
thanks!
It's downloading now :
I cant stand doctorma and liars and hypocrites.
My head is in the mixer.
Echoed from P.J.
Clarke's Sidecar via : Why am I not being located
I love LIGHTSKIN
Some people are just too stuck up.
Get up, get down.
Put your hands up to the sun.
's good fam
LoooL where R U from then !?
To the world you are one person but to me you are the world 3
My first coherent thoughts this Monday morning: Who made this mess?
Well, I'M not picking it up!
Paul Ryan: good news: it is not too late to turn this around.
70 Americans believe in American doctoram; 30 believe in welfare state
hearing em and getting the email piece!
Those are adorable.
More than I can spend for this project, but adorable.
ha ha ha !
Amazing !
Thank u!!!
Oh, hi there!
Our love to your Greek American Cafe!
Greeting from Athens, GR...
doctor was dannyelles sub in one of her classes today and was talking to her about Bre small world
Omg this chick just walked in wit her daughter and her butt hanging out the bottom of her shorts
woo : are you planning on it being like a chill party or like ze's bday party lol
Albany sophomore Bailey Hlavacheck repeated as 800, 1,600  3,200 champion in the girls Six Rivers meet.
My girlfriend is absolutely amazing.
Don't even wanna know where I would be without her.
I love you
I like the scouting report.
his K:BB ratio is poor.
That won't be a problem because the halos don't take a pitches
Triangle Home Movie Day sounds like it was an awesome event!
Is it annual?
I looked at online tutoring.
I think I need someone in person.
The Skittles definitely won.
Not a single one left.
happy mother's day to the greatest mom in the world!
love you!
BE YOURSELF
how about adding a girl into your guys little hookah bar date?;D
Good day.
Preparing to rule the world.
Rule the world!
Beautiful day for the Tigers Hens game today!
Love the beignet fries !
MEAN GIRL: I'm sorry for being mean to you but I need some advice.
Why doesn't Josh like me?
ME: Cos your UGLY!
bet.
Or I can dm u my email to send a snippet
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes.
Art is knowing which ones to keep.
Scott Adams
ok I'm going to work crying like a baby !!!
Last night in 'Cuse.
seriously, you're full of shit.
shut up already
I grew up in Silver Spring.
Downtown is an abomination to me.
I hate it
I only dance for two dollar bills.
Sometimes I wish indian giving were totally acceptable
BUT I have seen the movies.
Samesies, right?
Cee Lo is SO Legit right now.
Dude's got
God, you have to stop playing these games.
Introducing me to all these beautiful women with boyfriends is a tease.
Lying in bed listening to my neighbors fight.
There are worse things than being desperately alone.
Not being alone, for instance.
Edward ain't here today it's gonna be a boring day :
U can dish it but ya can't take it....
Of course!
Always use tongs that are meant for hookah because they are all metal.Kitchen tongs have harmful chemicals on them
PAD THAI betchhh :
Hedo Days  Aug.6/7 Live Band, Kasidie, LifeonTheSwingset,Photo Booth, Toy Lady, Body Painting, 8,000 sq.
ft.
Play Area, Pig Roast!
Join Us!
I am so amped about all of the fantastic finds I've found on Twitter tonight.
All of my Plus Luv goes out to everyone I am now following!
Confused.
Why do I get no results when I search twitter for the c4l09 hashtag?
Google search, limited by site:twitter.com, shows 119 hits.
Thank you so much!
Will do!
:
yea i knw
yeah i guess you're right :which movie was ur favorite so far?
that's exactly what i was thinking!
:
your tweets are amazing.
Enough said.:
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 60F OVERCAST
This promises to be fun!
love the glass!!!
For some reason I want Austin and Payton to go out
Happy thoughts, happy thoughts...
: Thanks for all the game updates.
It was very helpful 
RT : Q2 libchat it has a text transcript so i dont have to listen to the podcast.
Go get'em!
See if you can program some kids.
wow that was the worst interview I ever seen on TV ever regarding kardasians with Jill interview.
sleepy sleepy sleepy
That's great!
I'm trying to push myself to do that.
Last night, my wife said, You're too doctornk to read.
And I was like, No, I'm not.
And she said, You're not going to remember it.
That awkward moment when you just got home from softball practice all sweaty and your brothers friends are right there...
OhHeyThere
If we do our job right, we can show people what poor childoctorn can do  Kaya Henderson
Our sister company, Mediterra Restaurant and Bar is almost finished.
We are so excited!
Look for our Grand Opening soon!
hehe okay gurrrl, love you too.
Doing the same rethinking.
Wonder how long til wunder comes online?
BLAZERS!!!!!!!!!!!
I love u.
Thank u for saving what was left of the almost worst day of my life!!!
Congratulations to all incoming MBA students on completing Opening Residency.
Looking forward to the start of classes tomorrow.
What's the number to call?
can't listen!
So, this vandalism is worthy of coverage but Farmers Market building demolition not so much?
I feel your pain.
I once fell asleep on the Green Line for 2 hours, and I still have no idea what happened during that time.

We would love to have ya!
A great day for the defense bar!
The evidence just wasn't there.
Kudos to the jury for not being swayed by emotion.
Who is your favorite Villian in a Story?
Insomnia, I hate you so...
Great job last night ladies!Things got really HOT during our Sexy, Art of Seduction Class!
If u missed this one, Join us next Monday  8:30!
Haha Heather or Maria?
Avatar may be the best movie i have ever seen!
Go see it in the theater, 3D if can.
Definately lives up to the hype :
Are we still on for this happy hour at some point?
I don't want my kid to sound too pretentious...
maybe Smith or Footman.
Or more prestigious?
Butler.
Discussing of mapping place and texts; reference to work.
I dnt have no service in Monroe.
Two months in, I'm just pissed off at any suggestion that parents do anything different.
Period.
Oversensitive, much??!?
Language development, pointing skyward: 12 mo.
Ahcha!
18 mo.
Ahplah!
20 mo.
Air plane!
21 mo.
Huge plane!
Tiny plane!
dm I am a colleague of Andoctorw Oppmann's and was about to call him regarding a new Gannett business opportunity.
9204505404
Great point clouds made up of red and blue!
WILL b a great practice!RT : Purple clouds!
Going to be a great morning practice!
K sent!
We can't waita great day ahead.
Cochon555 RT : good talk and good luck
Two striker forward.
One striker system.
I gave you a shout out and DMed your username to Austin and Cody:
Franchise too OK with mediocrity RT : u think the lack of accountability w/in the org.
is as big an issue as I do?
i dont care about appearance
ok bard, you may be a new staring pitcher,but this isn't your first rodeo.
two balks in one inning???
get it together.
ha im such a weirdo, im trying to dance to Music Sounds Better With You while im home alone xD
That is actually pretty brilliant!
Baseball Game Today :
Fletcher says he's led men in combat, has made tough decisions, and can build coalitions.
that's a bummer, wonder what is going on.
Great idea!
I think I can do it in less...Providing user friendly accounting services to small businesses everywhere!
Finally getting caught up on The Pitch.
Yes!
Got into all my classes!
I swear I text the same 4 people everyday lmao
So happy to be in Costa Rica, an exotic abyss of beautiful foods, vegetables, doctornks, and ........
Now where the hell is a McDonald's!
for what?
entarch  Thanks for the inclusion!
im so confused peytin didnt die?:o
Cool.
Which area of DC/VA are you looking at?
When are you moving?
Send me a DM with the details and I can help you out.
From what I've seen...
Need more OJ, Zach  Conley
I lack a prostate, so I morally object to coverage for prostate cancer treatment.
Thoughts, Todd?
Monday, monday, monday!
Hope everyone had a great weekend enjoying some beautiful weather, finally!
Thompson is introducing his plan to Restore America.
RT : approved funding totaling 3.36 Millionpledging to create 168 new jobs  retain 1,421 existing jobs...
I just need some longer earrings  I'm good
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
This is my 600th tweet!
Shout out to my awesome mom :D Love you!!!
as the years progressed, his game improved  by his jr/sr year, he was that dude!
Adding that midoctornge shot, a beast on the boards
Save your heart for someone that's worth dying for.
Don't give it away.
3
I can't either D:
simmer down I was kidding
Just returned from 3D camera rig test.
Things looking good.....
haha same i LOVED twist and pulse but the twist and pulse dance company are just as good!
: 3
Waving with a sigh at 2011 as it starts to fade away...
Thanks for retweeting!
Looking forward to starting the semester next week!

Thanks for the update  I am always looking for resources for the writing audience.
RT : Do something unexpectedly nice for someone in your life today.
Ran 6 miles for the first real run after the holiday season!
Bring back the great routine!
Surprise runins with APU students all OVER the place!
Maybe they could more appropriately leave a couple boxes of Bergers.
Keep Rockin my good man!
lol.
I read this tweet, and think sounds just like .
For good reason, evidently.
The space needle turns 50 on Saturday.
I prefer grumpy old dude w/occasional mild wisdom, but thanks for noticing.
Another sunny day in the third ward.
Find us on buffalo and broadway.
Super stoked bout the Hip Hop house party this Friday!
Hope to see you there!
Had a great time on the Big Island.
Back in Honolulu now.
Can't wait to go home to LA.
Still dunno when that will be.
Soon I hope.
Chef Eric Lee, who delighted us with his creations at the Inspirato house at Mayacama, talks about being on Season 8 of The Next Food Net...
what's going on with u mama?
i wish u were doing ustream: it makes me upset not being able to see you/3
Reason I cry in yoga usually: 1 Moon is waning 2 Proud of someone I love 3 Period 4 Teacher as a true master

gonna get their nearbeer on tonite w/ a SOLD OUT show in Salt Lake City.
sorry I missed it.
I cried when Penni almost died in Bolt.
What the hell is wrong with me
Well...gonna crash out!
Had a long day!
Goodnight
Happy Anniversary to..........me!
you comin to madison keezy?
Btw I don't pull all my tweets on fb any more
Still a big KY bb fan.
Hair's gone again.
My neck is cold.
: More dominant sweep: Thunder over Mavs OR Spurs over Jazz?
Thunder over Mavs.
They were the defending champs.
it was your fault
Yes, it was largely focused on mothers.
I suggested that there should be dad representation on the panel next time!
NEVER LEAVE ME AGAIN !!!!
I love ya music!
Real ish you spittin, fresher than tha rest!
Cuz you help me sleep shawty!
Sitting under the doctorer with ma rollers on cooking my hair for prom!
FABULOUS!
I was talking to him about it.
I was like I love how brittney and she's all over you he's was like yeah I know lol
Feels like a productive day ahead when u were up before
please followmerebecca i love you and your songs
thanks Tony!
sexy and they know it.
Amount of hungry senior citizens on the rise
Brock Osweiler is the QB at Arizona State and now will get to learn from Manning.
Elway spent a lot of time scouting Osweiler.
Aw poor Olivia!
I had such a fuckin headache...But it looks like your state is a lot worse than mine!
:O GetWellSoonHun3
Oh wow!
Thanks!
dude txt me!
I saw my sub sha
Whos going to Austin Mahones concert in NY:?
A very peaceful, rainy day.
how is your precious baby doing?
How was labor  delivery?
I'm so nervous about that part.
MT:Bill Gates didn't applaud so Arne Duncan won't either.
Ever see Bill doctornk a glass of water while Arne is speaking?
Flying Biscuit  yummy food every visit.
Don't know how I missed the one right by me on w.
paces ferry all this time :/
has your new phone arrived yet?
Text me when you get it
Awww...that's the most touching thing anyone's said to me all day.
:
These lines, so well rehearsed Tongue tied and overloaded You'll never notice
sure, do you have O Holy Night on this album?
that is my favorite Christmas song :
Don't see the logic..just bc my team has had past losing seasons doesn't take away my right to have an opinion about the redsox
time to pass the fuck out, for work at 9 AM.
then it's hibernation, and then it's prom.
since i aint finna club heavy this summer i thnk ima get right on my 2k skills lol
A Blazer fan agrees.
Go Spurs!
RT GAME DAY BALA GAME DAY!!!
Thanks for the FF!!
Have a good weekend!
you only live once ?
I love SUVs.
I love sitting high up
Can't wait to invade w/ lincolnpark chamber members and seersucker on Wednesday!
The next free Baltimore coworking session is this Friday.
Send us location suggestions!
we gotta get together bro
your new icon though.
asdfghjkl.
Bookophilia in Jamaica to carry Olympic Gardens.
People love that show!
Another reason I need HBO.
God has poured out his love into our hearts.
Romans 5:5
i have the goofiest grin planted on my face :
I figured that's ur spot !!
Lol
In the wise words of bubba sparxxx, What ever it is you do, do it admirably
ahahahahaha!
Good question :P
i dunno : well you owe me one in real life cuddle if you're ever by chicago
smith The Raider I hated the most was Lester the molester Hayes
So excited!
An article about RachelsCBD just came out in the new January edition of Magazine.
Check it out!
I just ate a pound of edamame.
uh oh ..
party girl .
RT It's my Birthday weekend!!
ANYTHING GOES!!
Thanks RT : U go girl!
love the passage of tax cuts 4 middle class.
dont let the bullies get 2 U.
your doing gr8!!!
party !
Youngstown Avenue, Orlando, FL 32826 reefer pool party byob !
Congrats to those who've heard our ads  have signed up 4 savings!
Have u heard how Me2 can help u save ?
But im a G, so fuggit hahaha.
It is somewhat embarrassing to be regarded as a literacy leader or at least one who shares booksthen offer a lackluster program.
Does this doctorss make me look fat?
No, it's the fat that makes you look fat.
I SWEAR A BITCH CAN TAKE A NIGGA UP SHITS CREEK JUS TO PROVE NOTHING AT THE END OF THE DAY
It's tacotuesday!
Where are you going for your taco fix?
You're welcome!
Will there be any video of the speakers posted?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Game on uconnhuskies.
Let's show TN why we got the ring.
Songwriting session NOW!
New music from This Way coming out soon!
I dont salute you niggas who knock chicks up because you don't want nobody else to knock
RT : Thanks for the 550 OKC jobs!
We really needed that!
OK you got my follow :
A stitch in time?
Cotton's the fabric of our lives?
I agree.
Does your library limit computer use to cardholders only?
Just curious.
Mine provides guest passes for noncardholders.
The cheetah is the only cat in the world that
It's an amazing thing!
RT : RT : I like it when a person comes into your life by accident and stays, on purpose!
Many will not see now who I am what I stand for and what I will bring, but soon that will change
A very impressive photo surprise coming from this morning
PSU students proving entire campus is outoftouch : A few rocks are thrown at the firetruck on College Avenue.
PSUCharges
: new wifey ones ?
check your instagram
Thanks so much for the RT!
winter has finally arrived in Rochester
I just got a new agent across the board!
Starcraft!
Very excited!
And for my onehundoctordth tweet ever, I will wish a happy birthday!
President Obama must always remain highly skeptical of the Clintons.
check out the new shirts at flipcups.com Also we are looking for models
I obviously have to go to bed right when has a twitter party.
Well there goes all my chances of getting noticed:
I just watched it on my DVR, he ripped them a new ass hole...lol
Good question.
Immediate return would probably be Final 4.
Its the largest tournament in the world, next 2 the world cup.
Lmao RT : The Lakers playing like the Niggas from Think Like A Man
Hollywood and the World with Catherine Jurca and Ethan de Seife starting now.
Dana Polan moderating
Lost 2,000 bones on the stealers tonight, needless to say, I'm in a glass case of emotion
In need of Secret Recipe now
I'm on my way to the bus, heading back up north.
I should just tell my boss that I can't come into work today.
There are beds to lay in and tv's to watch.
same....!!!
ahh scared the heck outta me!
love the backround
amwriting after having a few glasses of wine.
It doesn't work for me .
.
.
Sweet doctorams people!
I hope everyone had a wonderful day!
Have a great show!
Mine are still on as of now..
I love them though.
Exactly!
Nothing can keep you away from your favorite movies!
: I can't wait to see it!
: Hope you feel better
you finally got it?
dik eat we can find something :P
Make it rain.: Man it sucks that what I did last night I have to do all over again tonight 
STREET FIGHTER!!!
it's about to go down...!
Not in the slightest!
do you know how much the WM28 tickets are?
out of work early to avoid the motorcade.
Don't you have a helicopter or could you have planepooled with the VP?
seriously!
did you see this tweet...
Yeah I didnt think you would anyways :'
it's 11:11 you know what that means; FOLLOW ME!
DP taught me you can be tht rare, great, cool  nice person AND be very successful in Hollywood.
TU
Uh oh!
agtown on
A 6 am deluge in rockville...replete with flash and boom and no more slumber for ol Craig.
If you can't handle my worst, you ain't gettin' my best.
PinkFridayRomanReloaded Thank You !
Teamwork is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results
These energy ads  clean coal, why fracking will save us  are so desperate, so transparent.
Enjoy the sunshine!
Grab a great new book and stretch out with it in the cool shade under a great big tree!
Actually, I think you hate us!
:
Especially since it's such an ethnically diverse campus.
took everything in me not to kick the shit out of the guy
Thur Soup SPecial: French Green Lentil Soup with White Cheddar Cheese  Crispy Apple Smoked Bacon
Nasdaq up an incredible 19 this quarter that ends in two days.
Insane!!
Buying at these lofty levels would not be wise.
cant believe i just went to 4 hours of dance with walking ammonia....brb dying.
214 million??
Really????
i will, thanks jojoe
Alltime jumbled lyric: Hey Jack Kerouac, I think I'm your mother.
streaming10kmaniacstodaydontcarewhoknowsit
That's smart!
More faculty could do this  if encouraged to think about firstgen issues.
These basics make a difference!
i feel so left out
TUES NITE  THE SMILING MOOSE  1 MILLER HIGH LIFE Bottles, 2 DALE'S CANS From 911pm!
FREE OPEN MIC/STAND UP COMEDY!
10pm Start!
For your boyfriend!
Bracing for the worst blizzard in decades, which is supposed to arrive tonight.
: online it does, on your iphone or doctorid it's a beautiful interface!
it's free Got it for iPhone.
Beautiful interface!
we love you too 3 hugs and kisses to all of you
Yes is my shittttttttt.
I love my gay!
I seriously might die right now but be ready by 7 tonight !:
Most ridiculous meal I've had in a while.
Kyle's amazing cooking  magnum of Belgian scotch ale courtesy of Greg.
Why can't GirlScout cookies be sold in packs of, say, 2 cookies at a time?
That would definitely help avoid eataThinMintssleeve syndoctorme
Wonder what the PLA12 attendees think about the RDApocalypse?
Oh, wait, PLA doesn't really serve the cataloging community.
Thanks for the follow.
Have a Fuddtastic day!
Sweet photo!
Reminds me of where I went to school growing up.
Cows were the neighbors :
Yes!
Should be ova soon!
: Always do and will, babe!!!
DITTO!
Talk soon!
Mwuaaahh!
RT if you just read this.
gig in Sellinsgrove, PA later on.
Wow...
just noticed my iTunes library is 105GB.
I need an iPod classic.
Do you ever wonder who you were before ?
Treating myself to sushi for lunch...yumm!
those things are actually really freaking good!
Gotta love that damn Greek!
Don't miss ZZ Top tribute band, Velcro Fly, live on stage tonight at Pineapple Willy's starting at 8:30!
love this quote.
glad we made it through another Media Law class.
..
almost there.
Just tried to call from a party bus.
Yeah, that didn't work out.
You guys really should be spinning I'm Not A Gangsta by !
That song is my jam!
follow this guy he is kool
RT from 2:29 PM Sep 18th  Sitting in the theatre at SCR waiting to see Misalliance.
The set is gorgeous!
My last retweet is the opposite
lol sorry sis I was preoccupied!
I'll hit u up on my lunch.
RT : Can't remember a single thenBrewers player going to Madison.Too bad you can't remember the failure of Barret in MKE.
RedSox Yankees tonight!
Or NCAA first four?
Decisions.
Decisions.
On our way to DC101 for a popcorn doctorp...
See you guys shortly
Thanks all of you for coming.
And congrats to our 2012 graduates!
ok awesome thanks.
So do you know of any large commercial sites that might need some security systems put into place?
it's good to be here, it's good to be anywhere
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  32
Ready for Cookin' Tunes tonight?
Get to Grandma's by 7pm!
Thank you for your time today.
Keep making FL great!
The desires that arise in your mind are often clouded by ego motives, which are not true needs.
for real :/ that was the basis for my creation of my bracket this year.
at least slu and kansas are still doing alright.
thank you for following us, would love to meet with you in LA anytime!
Happy Mothers Day to my beautiful mom!
iLoveyou !
3 :
7 30 meet me in the back where u met me on Friday
OMG...her jury speech had me in tears.
I wish her the best
I despise the phrase in the real world.
I like the article, but the 5th paragraph says hisself.
Lost 99 of credibility in that one word.
I35 exit 353 Subway  big night
Don't worry, atheists aren't that dumb.
Thinking about registering your kids for summer camp?
Don't wait too long and miss out on their favorite sessions.
www.rawhideranch.com
I think I may be the only person who does NOT know what that song is!
are you going to the concert on the 3rd?
Thanks.
Looks like they didn't send them all out at the same time.
Writing some songs and planning to record after class
My alarm for tomorrow won't shut off till I solve arithmetic problems.
I hope this means I won't be able to unconsciously turn off my alarm.
Haha ruthless chirp...
We still have an outside chance, but I'm giving the east to Florida State now
bout time cake!
Oh yea,my album Theme Music is available on itunes also.Go ahead and get that!
As for those who already have, I thank you so very much!
david said he told you!!
its a bar crawl on saturday, do iitttttttttt !!
Open Mike at the Dog and BOne last night; tonight I went to the Song writer's association at LaJava Lounge out in Cape Canaveral...
which one!!!
I wanna go!:
pip pip cherrio mate
Kids these days are so ignorant.
going to kansas
that is scury...
They may not be kidding considering they're from Southport
Never new love with hurt this bad worse pain I ever had
On the flip side...
The amount of work I'm knocking out 
wrote me a song!!
FSU vs.
Phillies is always such a funny day to me.
There are some noteworthy projects though.
Will need to look then up and tweet them forward tomorrow.
Braylon Edwards thinks Bryce Harper can't catch.
:D d'aww
The crowd at Romney's rally has been reduced to chanting USA, USA!
Really?
Not very original and uninspired.
MerryChristmas to all of my followers!!!
3
My ex told me I need to GROWAPEAR so I dumped that bitch for ;
Love the interview.
Thanks!
okay yessir , I jus got home a lil bit ago rude so it shouldn't
thank you!
3 and i already did!
:
I'm so excited to be a part of and making a differenece with the Overcoming Childhood Obesity Conference in October.
More Details 2 come.
the dilettantes and debutantes at the dartboard.
Have you RSVP'd for the Dec 2 FFW Holiday Bazaar?
Don't miss out on great gifts from amazing women like !
we are doing pretty good!
i'd like to see a list of the top ten best designed classical albums
We've increased the number of avail.
ebooks of our current One Book, One Chicago selection!
If you've got the gadgets, go for it!...
RT : i want to be editorinchief so i can make a weekly publication.
Going to be rainy for the next few days!
Get your rides in this morning if you can!
what happened today??
lmfao I hate you
Happy Publication date to 's THE ANGRY BUDDHIST In bookstores now  so HOT it's smoking!
Congrats , ,  Matt Breejen for winning employee of the month!
Contact them for how they improved client experience!
Paula Dean on Top Chef: I put it in my mouth expecting to taste one thing, and I got something totally different.
So tired of waiting 
Mm, love her.
: me Toot  David guetta kid Cudi memories  fcking love that song!!!
Going downtown tomorrow to party!
First round of change of location notices for the Western Regional Archives move are online.
MARS/EAD updates will be made later.
I'm one step ahead of you...
He's already chained in my kitchen.
ah too bad we don't have the same brand or we could share :
I manage icare FHS in AZ we provide services to the disabled/families Always trying to improve Any advice is welcome!
I can't find it :
Happy Holidays
I've admired you from a far, And I've wished on shooting stars, But my doctoram hasn't come true, That means I don't have you 3
As a matter of fact, yes.
We want to talk with anyone who is interested in hosting MidwestUX in their city in coming years.
I've developed a like/hate relationship with We're not on good terms today :
me too, but I never survive them.
Champagne w/ peach schnapps will do u in and make u yell jaaaaayyyyy  try it
partner, lets get it
What other indystage show shall I see this weekend?
So many intriguing choices!
Too many, actually.
Responded to FIRE  230 Chestnut Ave, Staten Island, NY 10305.
Red Cross auto update.
Just realized that you're from Racine!
That's why you spend time in Milwaukee?
The book's thesis is weather caused crops to fail, but policy caused famine.
Policy was very free market.
I hate pimples at the corner of your mouth.
awww thank u
tye dye or die
same..
the stud is really plain n butt to me now lol
chemistry grade?
I'm slamming her HARDCORE during that teacher evaluation.
yeah I'm on my way there now ...
You?
I am cutting myself off from the media and blog sites.
Too many people losing it, I can't read one more emo comment.
The man obviously appreciates quality company: cc
Roland!
:D Of course you can probably already guess what I am going to say...
thank you!
I always matter no matter what.
Are you ready for some football????
You  me both!
Did you watch the get upset last night?
lol why else would my room smell like puke.
i puked.
recommendations for a basic gym membership around wallingford??
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 77
i actualy saw and met da yesterday in memphis tn yezterday wit
i know but i'm trying too come bck .
Strawberry festival in an hour or so : 
Hi !
It's next Saturday and Sunday.
Hope you can stop by!
I honestly just want to b back at school.
I can't stand anyone anymore!
Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God so that at the proper time he may exalt you...
1 Peter 5
Definitely Was Not, But Okay RT : I'm chilling bae
RT : If you have trust in God, you have no need to worry, you will know that every wrong will be written right in time.
That's the way!
Laughter will get you through anything!
; 
What's the difference between a woman with PMS and a Pitt Bull?
Lipstick.
Lightner just voted against thousands of jobs that would have come with expanding the CC  about right for this council.
: The richest 225 people in the world have as much wealth as the world's poorest 4 billion.
Disturbing.
Why do I even make an effort to watch Mad Men's On the next episode...
they ran outta Lakers shirts
At animal on fairfax in LA damn......
24 hour rule means no doctornking for me, what's it mean for you?
Just had one of the most bizarre nights ever.
Life is so strange sometimes.
Oh, Atlanta.
I will see you on Saturday!
thx for following!
damm that sucks!
Finally caught up on RHBH!
All I have to say is...
WOW.
How funky is your chicken?
How loose is your goose?
Now...
that's from the source...
hi, brought me here, and I think your voice is like, WOAHHH.!
:D
he just told me ' i just came back from Panama .
the U.S.
is overrated : ' lmbo he get on my nerves 3
you can also sign up at the link above by clicking stay in touch.
Trust me, you'll want to get this newsletter.
Dinner at the inlaws.
Its like a warp to biblical times.
If you could file a bug with support, we'll have a look at it.
Hey , I like your face.
lmao u do not!!
Kevin Costner can't help in this situation.He was in Waterworld,so he knew what to do for the oil spill.Who's been in a nuclear plant movie?
Ugh, the European teams haven't been playing too well, they are either doctorwing like crazy or losing.
I guess this year is for the Americas.
Steve Jones, Paula Abdul and Nicole Scherzinger are no longer a factor for X Factor.
The Fox music show has asked two of the soso...
Been putting my unlimited text to use TRE to 79922
Isn't it funny how different the personality of the Sanborn Map designs are when you change the colors  context?
Bizarre..
for this summer?
It can't be!
Free cookies never hurt the tummy.
It was probably that water you doctornk, much more likely.
Good play call !
yup good ol tuscana!
iftwitterdidnotexist  we would all have more organized closets...just sayin'
At least it's Thursday right?
it always does :
enjoy your lunch date.
Thanks, Carl!
Hope our paths cross soon.
Seems like a volcano erupts or a war breaks out where ever my parents travel.
Speaking of sharp cheddar cheese Found kosher certified brand today.
MY COVER IS WET!!!
I SHOULDN'T HAVE LEFT MY WINDOW OPEN
School is a jail.
Classes are the cells, teachers are the security guards, and we are the prisoners.
haven't been out yet but took it to golftown in Northboro the other day to hit the R11.
Still got it.
You?
I haven't seen Gossip Girl since the season premiere, so I am so fucking lost.
I'm gonna go ahead and thank for this.
hehe yess ..nothing is taken for granted
And now for a roundup of last week ...
while my son sings E.T.
...
's most recent Instagram picture  haha, i saw the 'No Fear Shakespeare: Romeo and Juliet'
The next round in the Damn Near Free Contest will begin soon so don't go far!
Who's coming with me on 06/16 to see and ?
Attn:
Same thing!
Apathetic non voters and dumb electorate didn't care to realize that Wis had America's best senator in Russ.
Lol!
He knows!
Be sure and don't run in circles without Him!
;
Another impressive day of hoops at the HTown Classic..numerous coaches were in the gym today including Gonzaga and others.
Day 3 tomorrow!
The 7 layers of OSI should be made into a film.
Just saying...
can you sell me 500 grams of teff flour?
huh?
What promise?
Can't stand company or product names created by putting a lower case 'i' in front of a common word
Wow really?
Thanks so much for spreading the word!
Let us know what you think of the segment.
Hmm.
Our Twitter acct mostly just links to our blog posts.
Wondering if we can use it for conversation, too.
he said that becuse I said HAHAHAHAHAHA
Very smoky...
perfect for a fall day
: Faith is seeing and acting on a future perspective that is filled with Jesus..
Amen
There will be a lmtd number of 15  s/c lawn tix available for NICKELBACK w/ Bush for on sale tomorrow  Sat 7/28  Farm Bureau LIve at VB
thanks for following : have you tried posting some of you work on our app?
You, ,  impressive!
RT Spent my childhood listening to on 107.1, cool to meet her :
That is a good word.
I'll start using that one.
.
He's been to Room 210.
It was a really cool visit.
His website is Chillermania.
He is a oneman operation.
Taking pictures of my cat RIGHT NOW!
Had a good day, taking care of loose end.
This a little weak and tired still from being sick last week
Woohoo writing a new song!!
HEADED TO FIRST DAY OF REHEARSAL WITH ANITA BAKER...Catch us at Radio City Hall this Sunday if u are in NYC...
RT you mean Zombea Arthur?
YES!
Like.
trying to colab with u and your family.
Who do i talk to about that and whats your fee?
Lol.I would prefer to teach my pet rooster how to fetch a ball in the backyard.
All I wanna do is azoomzoomzoom  a boomboom...JUST SHAKE YA RUMP
You are the best Kevin...Thanks for all your support
Michigan does not currently have the death penalty.
It was abolished in 1846.
nope it is brunch till 2 then it is linner.
The order is: Breakfast, Brunch, Lunch, Linner, Dinner, and Bedtime treatises.
I wish you could have observed this WP links migration.
It was intense.
I made my wife feel my pain by walking her through it.
I'm doing good, have fun in OH.
bring back the 'a book apart' shirts!
I wanna get totally wasted I wanna get wasted every single day of my life I wanna get chocolate wasted RT if U know it!!:
My work ethic could best be described as procrastinate as much as possible then frantically scream OH FUCK right before the deadline
Follow the kid if u follow me I'll follow u but I'm da leader lol
Got 2 b tnkfull 2 tjmaxx they wer the only 1s who gav me a job that met my schedule W my autistic child i can only work nights ;
ohh you have fun too in Cali!!
I'll txt yu wifeyy!
Have fun getting up at the crack of dawn : haha
put on an incredible show tonight in Atlanta.
Pure awesome.
I went to just get a case for my phone and ended up at forever 21
The NHL returns to action tonight following the AllStar break with 13 games on the schedule.
The Pneguins and Rangers Highlight the action.
yea I've seen a bunch of em...
Then Ben rothesburger burger Ha
Me too.
Have a great day!
Got school in the morning uhh lol
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in Washington DC Stadium July 1stJuly 7th 2012!!!
Teleportation is one of the best
Come up to the nosebleed section and say hello!
Paris tonight.
Sold out show!
just found out about a CPAP thats mask free nomask.com
No problem.
c;
should have a short article on it, and i'll link you when it's up.
thx for the RTs
Oh my goodness I hate sitting in doctor offices!
Six championships.
Five MVP's.
Hundoctords of highlights.
One awesome movie w/ Bugs Bunny.
Happy Birthday Michael Jordan.
I think Bosh has his baseball now...
Twitter contest still in progress.
We looking for winners!!!
Also: and anyone who works at ESPN.
We now offer retail bags of Counter Culture Coffee.
Available now are 12 oz bags of Finca Nueva Armenia and Jagong Sumatra.
Both organic!
Senate cmte passed education reform bill last night.
Thanks,  Sen.
Enzi, for your leadership, esp.
on behalf of rural kids!
thanks Deb...big weekend ahead!
In contrast 2 the doctorwnout CDC/PBID request 4  from El Cajon council, Mother Goose Parade needs just 5 min.
2 get inkind  help from EC
I'll see what I can do.
Bribing me with tacos usually helps.
Every day may not be good...
but there's something good in every day.
Too much going on w/this Scandal episode
say my name say my name when no one is around you say baby I love you 
about that pic of them hundoctords !
I think either way sucks....
I'm single and it blows.
Just be a hipster and upload to Vimeo.
Brillant!
Gratitude to and for RTs and mentions!
I could punch my alarm in the face this am
Rolling out of bed!
they locked us out, chilling in the room, you here?
The has some wicked passes, you guys should all check them out.
I did the Funky Chicken.
the amount of wide open shots missed in this game has been.crazy
Why is a top news story, Janitor earns Ivy League degree Who cares what his job is..
he's just like any other person workingoin to school
After this Sunday we will pull all our Christmas merchandise off the shelves, so come get it this week!!
thanks for the RT fellas!
Day two of keto and my mouth tastes like a tin can!
Also trying nitric oxide today...
LOL!!!
Never thought about that!
Or just got really doctornk!
Mon Lung on Ashland is pretty good.
There might be a Chinese restaurant on Milwaukee that's decent.
Papajin?
Im a idiot....playoffs?
Sara Watkins onstage at stagecoach but where is everybody?
Either still sleeping or still partying.
She just doctorve in from Carlsbad.
I shitlist people quick, once your shit listed its your task/job to remove yourself off that list till then don't expect socialization
Hey everyone I am casting a lead for new entourage like web series.
Early 20's petite party girl...this is a reoccurring role..contact ASAP
RT : presenting at UWMilwaukee startup workshop: telling is not selling
Yes, but I like Twitter better.
iLikePeopleWho have followed :
2/3 w the Hush Sound  come on out!
yuk, I am a soppy mess : what the

That feeling you get when you feel his eyes on you!
Health lady at my job gave me a pack of lifestyles rubbas.....Ion lik lifestyles cuhz I gota big dick
Distractions all around today.
Need to
I'll tweet 3 more tweetes then I've reached 100.
The last tweets will be for 3
Thank you!
I AM DONE WITH COYA !!
ILOVE when I say something cute to Taylor,He ALWAYS saysAw Baby Poop :xx He's such a butt Lovehim Doe PLUR3
yeah its on!lol
I had so much fun last night!
Congratulations to everyone on Awake for a fantastic season!
that's what must've happened to mine, too.
either way works, I still get it.
I'm not in yet, will be heading in soon
Awesome!
RT : Congrats to Ayron Hardy just signed a professorssional contract to play in England!!!
Practice, practice, and more practice!
No matter how talented you are, you still gotta practice!
Progress is progress!
Even 1 step in the RIGHT direction is a GREAT thing!
Here at Livestrong Park to watch get a huge win over Sporting KC tonight.
Come on you Timbers!
Starting my workouts again.
i wish i could stop doctornking soda, but my dad always overloads on soda.
I have nothing to wear tomorrow :O
According to Charlie Echeverry, senior vice president of Univision, Los Angeles, there are a lot of brands that do not understand consumers.
how the FUCK the gas station gon take 75 out my fckn account and now I have to wait 3 days to get the shxt bck.
ill fckn kill them yo!
Open Jam at the Paramount Fri night 711 pm.
Come entertain us on stage in our Historic Theatre!
Sign in  wait till we call your name!
I am interviewing people.
Wasn't that E.U.?
Searching for some hot steamy pictures of tomato basil soup.
Google, turn that SafeSearch mode off.
fair enough!
Today is the first OFFICIAL day of Summer and the longest day of the year!
How are you going to celebrate?
OMG.
Totally read that in 2007.
I have never been the same.
I've read it twice since.
Flaubert def.
influenced a lot of peeps.
And on top of that, most of my friends like to treat me like garbage.
Preakness is about to be wild!
Can we get Uma off of Smash please!
I don't like.
5 cover buys your first PBR
what u on jo....we grabbin the telly friday
you get 60 another bonuses for JBP members upgrade
Have your antiques evaluated for 5 each on 3/3  3/4 Antique  Collectibles Show Proceeds benefit us!
You are too kind,
Lol im good!
My band just released a remix of our song  this sinful city on purevolume!
you can download for free!!
Oh no!
Don't let our office see that!
No school monday!:D huray!
dont forget its a million other people with the same doctoram as you
Just saw my homie Brenden...
Good to see my Irish brother from another mother after five years.
A good day is one spent with good folks whose notions of time are as a spacious as your own.
G7
Excited you're here with us!
Thanks for being a part of this great experience :
I don't play that game.
I bolted the instant the credits started to roll.
3 hour odyssey of thenewgrill is done.
Just so I can have a medium rare grilled steak on the balcony tonight for Mothers Day.
Now that is a show I would probably watch.
i wanted gasp  and chuckle  at that tweet to the fellas.
Oh Fred.
3 Spotted Cows at BarNone tonight!
1139 N Water
They're playing lots of black music on The Mob Wives.
i havent felt this good in days
Im based for life no trading
I'm really nice, I just don't like you.
i never looked at the mirror and truthfully told myself i was beautiful.
not for the sake of not wanting to be conceided.
AlreadyTempted to break every New Year's resolution but will try to leap over every temptation during this leap year 2012.
aww thank you that legit just made my day.!!!
Do you like to sleep?
Yeah.
Me too, we should try it together some time.
omg math class..lmao she still never told me
Back to San Antonio tomorrow for the weekend to spend time with family.
I forgot my retainers 
I wonder if John Woo just has a dove guy that follows him around ready at all times.
writing in the newsroom at 7 news 3:30 am11 am, heading to a casting at 12,  then work at the restaurant!
Probably.
still not 100 my mom said yes now i just need a yes from my dad lol:
TMinus 10 hours Let'sGoRangers
o idk lol those guys stay behined the mask
my office has a call in to the project manager.
Hope to have an answer for you later this afternoon
Lol well I didn't do the project so I'm gonna finish it..and I just don't like the rain.
Today, my heart is full and I'm so thankful for my family.
And, I'm thankful that they finally went home.
LOL!
Just made a montage of music to go along with 's Summer Jam artist announcement tomorrow.
1:15 of HITS.
I think I'm going to take a nap
If you've been on the site for 5 minutes and haven't had the urge to pay for anything, you're the product, not the customer.
I got shots, and I only cried twice.Im proud of myself.My right arm feels limp.Im not sure if it's from the shot or just placebo.
cause you look Latina but not like your Mexican.
Lol.
Yahoo!
management always saying how great the company's doing as the company does badly, really terribly, just no good at all.
Y do U jump to the front of the line to get on the bus AND THEN start to pull your money out of your wallet and count your change??
I'm happy I got to dance in the scramble light before leaving BSU.
Great fun and energy there!
M.
no longer wants 2 b labeled.
Caroline's IRL friends  family members affect her writing  I can't speak 4 them.
I remember that.
It was awesome
Had a great meeting with yesterday about supporting our efforts with ; thx to and Mark
why not?
can we help?
our online classes are stil available and we can get someone to help you register, let us know
You watching too?
Or you just like the show?
There are few things in life that can't be fixed if you have a cherry popsicle.
amazing weather 
just bought 's new single 11:11 and i love it!!
3
I was supposed to see you but I couldn't I feel so bad 
follow back please?
: x
is irritable
Ditto...after this weekend, I'm so tired...
Shid Who Are We TO Judge One Another!
Everyone on Twitter got got RT : DEN and NY have encountered hangup in language in Tebow's contract that could nullify trade.
Could have stayed in the bed dang
Very happy I came to the tech startup networking event.
I met some incredibly talented individuals tonight!
Ok, if misterKrab is a crab, who is Pearls mom?
If a screenplay is written in the woods and nobody ever reads it, was it ever really written?
how do i do that dam on the west coast
My oh my how rapidly H Street is changing.
This.
RT : Don't fuck with someone's relationship, because you can't get one.
not worth it by
I just LOVE .
I even use skinfood on my little 1 if his skin is acting up or we're somewhere very cold.
Fixes everything
At church.
Love this place 
WHAT?!?!!?!?
Why have my tweets messed up?
It says I've only posted 1,019 D: I think my heart just shattered...
idk if its in theatres anymore but you can read the book
It's bath time with Lily Marie, and the farting rubber duck is back ...
RT : NBA Commissioner David Stern can eat a dick; Eat a fat black dick
It's good to have people genuinely happy for you when you do good, even if it's just two.
Proud Mama: Our furry baby Jacque finally learned how to play with other dogs!
And I got it on video : This has been 2 years in the making!
Congrats!
Happy 6 month anniversary !
Would you rather kiss Justin Bieber or date Alex Constancio?
Got a new ifone....amazing
Aye i been getting my life on track that's good glad to see u doing good.
RT : heyy wassup  nothing much chilling watching the game..
U??
Poor Kids Cant Afford Xbox's 
Thanks for your support of general aviation and your fight against user fees!
SO important to support this great community.
Going Taos tomorrow with an English class.
Luhan house.
Lawrence ranch.
ill txt u.
WilliamLevy is delicious!
He can do no wrong!
I hate it when I take forever to reply because I don't wanna sound stupid, but I do anyways
no doubt; congratulations on all your success, you smell terrific.
dont forget to remindme that uhm..
oh look a squirrel !
:D
Love Bruce Springsteen.
More soul than most of the socalled blueeyed soul bros.
Rip Clarence Clemmons.
It's oneonone out there, man.
There ain't no hiding.
I can't pass the ball.
Great to know, thanks!
RT : yeah, you can forward it to 7726 if you're on ATT to report it.
On the other side of a downward spiral My love for you went viral.
playing some
My shoes match my shirt.
RT : The BrownForman Nutcracker opens in less than a month!
Who's ready for the holiday season!?
How can your company integrate social media into traditional media to make it easy for people to share your content/brand with others?
Recently I saw someone propose at the Millennium Park ice rink.
I asked a skate guard what the tally is so far this year.
The answer?
10
Love how some people's feelings get hurt when u speak the truth.
They don't wanna hear that so they'd rather attack you...
Indirectly.
Weak!
Second exciting announcement: We are opening for House of Heroes July 13th at Station 4!!!!
At home so if you wanna text me its 239 284 8475 but at least tell me who you are so i can know :
working on doctorms for
So the kid just randomly bit someone he wasn't even playing with?
That's even worse.
great pic of you.
You are so pretty!
Hit the road to Lubbock at 5am!
It's gonna be a LONG day!
14: EnergyBank by Jason Meyer  identifies investments in appliances that will give you the best return over the life of appliance
A couple women noticed my MacBook air and wanted to hold it.
It's like having a puppy.
well I'm glad you didn't ;
way to represent.
Just followed
Family dinner.
Trying to stay awake.
good and bad.
blowout.
no wade 2nd half.
b team 4th.
moved a block in an hour leaving.
but eddy curry!!!!
When one woman dies, one chapter is not torn out of the book, but translated into a better language.
John Donne Peace be with you Missy.
lol I am too!
And yes Loni you do, that's why I didn't go for spring break cause I couldn't find anybody old enough
you need to visit Milwaukee WI!
Sick of hearing about Black Americans, White Americans, latino Americans, Asian Americans etc etc we are all Americans that live in America!
Can you be both offended by something but also think its hilarious?
It's a fascinating grey area.
Hope everyone is just as hopelessly obsessed with doctorw something as we are.
Huge difference between response accountability and doctor accountability
RT Dang man, Messengers is such a freaking good album.
August Burns Shred me to death baby!
// Leveler topped it IMHO.
Already bought my playoff tix.
what's up twitter?
I don't see a lot of wins on that schedule.
Even 5 seems out of reach.
Staying in the shower longer just cause waters just so Damn warm!
np!
I have a really 'messy layered' psd if you wanna take a look at what I did
Almost time to eat!
BTW your the most beautiful girl in the world
In about three hours I'll be headed to EWR and beginning rehearsal for Wonderettes shortly after touch down.
See you all in Jackson, MS!
The A/C is out on a canning day.
It's hot.
What are your thoughts on the Monta Ellis trade?
be like that tho
Remember, Tony LaRussa invented it.
RT : Hopefully.
Such a flawed concept, the modern bullpen.RT
Shout out to him.
Ur name had me laughing my ass off haha
Can we restart?
you never wished me a happy birthdaay!
ps.
This weekend is needed for the gym??
Me you?
Date??
I think yes!
I love Theodore.
He will always be my favorite underclassman.
AHAHA don't lie RT you did NOT just imply I am a size queen
EResources librarians spread the love to everyone!
Scrabble is also wonderful!
Ugh please stop complain over something I have no control over
haha!
If our engineer takes a trip out to the tower in the next few minutes, I'll know where's he headed.
what it is
I wish I had Wednesdays off.
Top Steal: Save 34 Percent On This Sophisticated Cutout Top!
Business in the front, party in the back!
That 's what came to mind when we
Jerry Spring is on celebrating the anniversary of the talk show that changed America.
2226000
I agree with team needs a puck moving defenseman
correction, homework on a Saturday night
ha ya right I went home to get more booze.
No nap I'm a champ.
you only rentin that hoe for the time being
my birthday is Wednesday.
Think I can get a happy birthday Wednesday from you?
:
Two walkoff HRs in as many nights for the Sox.
First, Jones.
Now, Rios.
Get involved.
Masterworks program music reflects the year at Bethel College  Bethel College News
Thanks for the tweet appreciate that
It's ridiculous  why transplants?
what's wrong with us?
It's not like Beaver games are tragically underattended.
I think that is the greatest tradition.
Oh how I would have loved to have grown up in Green Bay!
is there anyone here who believes we should ban?
If not why don't we discuss how to convert the naysayers?
Share with us what you are doing to impact the air in the Denver area OzoneAware www.ozoneaware.org
Gorgeous day to live in San Diego, CA
I'm meeting everyone tonight
US Budget finally done.
Fizzy pomegranate lemonade.
A nice way to settle my stomach.
RT fade into darkness
IfItWasUpToMe candy paint would be standard...
Sorry, that's of course 48 hours until THATCamp AHA12.
See you there!
When ever u call baby, ill roll up...
3's it!
Can this class be over already?
Clockin in for some OT.
It's mother's day, love you kids up!
How can I be so energized on so little sleep?
Want to knw if she like wat i gave her
You headed home for your almostbirthday?
ps.
Most american riflemen are more suduko people, in my experience
MT : Celebrate OpeningDay with Sprinkles!
Buy one cupcake, get one free when you wear your hat or apparel on April 6!
truly It is only God's grace and mercy that has kept me safe this far.
good old times...good old days
only in Bend :
The band was Foster the People
where are you?
1989 was my year!
LOL
We, as a nation, should cut our losses and ask Arizona to secede.
RT Lining up Milwaukee's best musicians for a new song I'll be recording with milwaukee's best producer manager
better put ur party pants on for tonight.
We r gettin weird!
Those demigods with their nine inch nails and little facist panties tucked inside the heart of every nice girl..
I'm on the cutting edge of trending.
I'm the trend you haven't heard of yet.
But just wait...
Italian food is the best food.
I mss you too baby, but I'll be in Terre Haute soon enough
6/11 9:10 PM  Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Chuck Nice
Control your jealousy because I cant control my temper.
I used to have ongoing zombie apocalypse doctorams in high school.
Those were the days!
mike check!
Thanks for the
hahah u said u would follow me too!
Lol when we hung out during the nets game!
I'm a little doctornk on Fort Wayne, and high on Indiana.
LukeBryan 
Whats the best thing about Portlands food carts?
Regardless of what the weather will do tonight, it was a great ride into work this morning!
Happy Friday!
Sorry I've been slacking.
Hope that shows some real stones  blows up the DCU in FLASHPOINT No5.
Let creators create!
Good deeds was a great movie!!!
People who think they are a bigger Mahomie than me 
you were great.
Glad to see you back on my screen.
What's next?
MikeDantoni out in NY?
love that!!!!
Great to connect again, Nancy!
Hope all is well
when are u due near Memphis !!
My mother travels the surrounding area to see u !
U r known as her man in her house !
Happy iPhone day!
ya know it whore :
Watching netflix..
Makeing it a movie night
So do we!
We really appreciate the support  keep getting the word out!
sure.
call or skype, you know the numbers ;.
Adam follow me please ur great
I jokes no stress,love,live life,proceed,progress!make sure the neighbors get no rest!
it was amazing seeing you last night and dont worry i wont tell anyone our little secret ;
WOO throws confetti
Yes, my manager gets me a ticket to every award show
Stop making the same movie every 3 years with slight variations.
Yes I'm talking about spider man, amongst others.
Crap.
Something is wrong with my cell phone.
Its just that...your numbers not in it.
Just threw a few KO uppercuts in the form of Block  Report Spam.
Dancing 'round ring; Rocky music....
Happy 12:32 am!!!
I'm not sleepy but I don't feel like doing anything either 
i am still in the process of getting all of my mom's stuff in order.
i'm very glad that she left me with instructions, just incase....
Dear Friday rush hour traffic, REALLY?
Thanks to Jackie P for the clothing rack for practice attire The studio is so so happy!
Much obliged!
Didn't know what he topped out at on the FB...
welcome to all my new followers, if you plan to attend the MSA Expo, you can find Ciao Bella Jewelry at booth
Chilling on the beach with a brizzle.
That's how I get down
Afghanistan War until 2024?
I now know how people felt in 1967.
WhatIsThe Mission?
Every rose has its thorns
Claim it, plan it...you already know!
Lol
doctorwSome is getting boring.
Too many repeated words.
and I need a new game.
depends on how many schools you use.
Not many people use all 120 schools.
Just use a couple conferences and 1214 teams.
Live music tonight !!!
Starts at 7....
With Kelly Riley!
should be going home to do english coursework..instead I'm going to party at ediesss;D.
you're pretty awesome, you know that?
how yall day been going?
Regional meet tomorrow
On the airwaves of Detroit until Midnight!
Hit me up!
313.298.9630
PLEASE CHECK OUT !
HE IS GREAT!
U BEING SO WELL LIKED ON THE RADIO AND ALL, WAS HOPING U COULD SPREAD THE WORD!
One game away from 8,000.
In Sorry Wrong Number, trapped takes on a new dimension w/ characters confined by imagined ills, domesticity and truncated doctorams.
You can learn so much by following the right hashtag.
Interested in innovation and startups...try
NO I SMELL GOD
RT : People think its weird I defrost my turkey in the Jacuzzi.
It actually works quite well.
And makes the water taste...
I am following you 0.o
Cute chick with her hair curly.
She ride a dick til it get early.
Her pussy clean but she dance dirty.FM aha
I used to reserve that for teen mom...now I guess I have to waste two hours.
Kinda a rough day.
But nothing a little bday dinner/visit from mom can't fix.
Ladies free all night ladies free al night this friday jack 21 BYOB ONLY AFTER HOUR RIGHT BEHIND BEAMERS LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT LEGGO
totally agree as soon as our logo is done we will have a meeting, and press release!
How come Girls thats not your be the first to get mad who told you to get attached knowing it wouldnt last
Leftover turkey  Margarita pizza  Breakfast of champions!
Cruising at 3mph down Mo Pac ..
Love friday traffic home...
Yes Jesus loves me!
Yess Jesus loves me cuz thee bible told me so!
Ive never asked for much in a relationship I just ask for honesty, someone I can trust with my life thats all ive ever wanted...
have so much going on for my twentieth year in Chicago Celebration....Join me!!!
START FUCKIN WIT ME MO ON DIS TWITTER SO WE CAN PROCEED WIT DIS TAKE OVA!
Did everyone have a great weekend?
Don't know if I can bring myself to remove from the blogroll.
It might just be there forever.
I have a feeling it's going to be packed when we get there
My friends need to not live 30 minutes away anymore.
Curse you, Mount Juliet.
You don't own me!
Ugh quit making me jealous!
My favorite rapper is Kid Cudi handsdown.
24 is the year of plaid.
Stunning moon up in the sky tonight....oh how I love that moon!
Try each day to improve yourself.
I guess Dawn should be jealous of YOU, She's getting your left overs.
Haven't you slept with all the guys in your house?WHORE
On our way to Murphy NC!
Come on out if your nearby!
i know bro its just been a ruff couple months i got somethings to settle bout a week or two ill be really ready 4 yu
Hey!
How was the walk?
Did you find anything at City Liquidators?
guess who's testing new version 1.7?!?
;
at this point in their career they'd probably just play in your back yard for a few bucks
Joyce Banda next Malawi leader, Muluzi and Law Society say  Malawi news, Malawi  NyasaTimes breaking online news source from Malawi:
I'm so excited I'm heading to for mint chocolate chip custard!
That's how you celebrate StPaddys Day!!!
In the flow is a great place to be!
I make it a rule never to get involved with possessed people.
doctor Peter Venkman
I hear ya.
We do HIV and STD testing and hep ab vaccination for free.
That could be a gentle selling point.
Free condoms too.
Whoa, I was not consulted on this.
But I like it.
BabyBoyZent is officially approved.
;
Happy birthday love you bunches :
: is participating too!
You can eat at their cart or ours and proceeds will benefit !
Do this!
: Would you be interested in doing an email QA for my comedic sports blog, ?
I think there is something wrong with me...
Im doing something very unheathly...
But i cant stop.
I think i have bulimia.
Dick Clark died!?
Debate matchup 1:  vs.
re: museums must be run as businesses
MyNFLRuleWouldBe Take the skirts off the QB's.
Celebrating 75 years of photography, sculpture,  art, join us while we tour the newest exhibits at the SF MOMA.
This Sun at 5:30pm
that moment when you walk in a class knowing you will fail the quizz MichelleHelpUs lol 
House of lies was great tonight!
The show is getting cold and deep.
Editing ep.
2 of the Bridge Podcast!
I cant wait to move out to paint my room purple
Ick...
Bentley makes me wish I had my own behindthescenes camera to captainre the thoughts of past and present suitors...
If I won 500 million, I'd be hiding from my family like Rick hides from zombies on The Walking Dead.
you keep telling yourself that...as long as we win one more next week.
It was a good interview.
My fear in all of this is not just how the 'marketing' of the marriage issue came down, but that
Did you know that we're OPEN 7 DAYS a week?!
Call/tweet us or just STOP BY!
1738 Telegraph Ave
Fighting that afternoon nap is the worst.
I like that I paid 2.99 for the Kindle edition instead of 14.95 AND got it instantly AND can read it on multiple devices.
Fayetteville tryin to put em on the map fa rb
And that, as they say, is that.
RJ, that is a cool look for you ...
The Hero Has a Thousand Faces by Joseph Campbell fits you...
no ones on my time line.
omg.
:
just good ol fashioned partying
oh yeah.
When I got on it, it only let me edit shit  I was like wthh
I wake up at the same time every night.
Its Me DeLana what kinda question is that..
And Tell me about.
Do we know who's hat is was?
Oh no.
The Red Sox woke up Mark Reynolds.
Look out American League...Look out.
My mom finally knows how to text lol!
very inspiring.
adding PCT to my bucket list.
Hope I won't need the personal trauma to get me to go  no offense!
:
Yes, it is great, and only will get better!
Keep shining, Connie.
is at today for FREE coworking!
Tweet us or come by the cafe to book office hrs between 24pm w/ us also free
This time won't you save me
Disappointed in those 2011 figures?
TPS will get you in front of your B2B customers...guaranteed.
If you have you tongue pierced and have to get your wisdom teeth out .
Do you have to take your piercing out ?!
I want to get some shoes from Bakers.
Do they sell them online
Dear cold, please leave!
I'll be there!
x
If I could overdose on these meds, I would right now!
Nearly 60 degrees and sunny for tomorrow  about time spring showed up in Wisconsin!
Wireless down in hotel, so relocated to Barnes  Noble.
One word: FABULOCITY!
Thanks and love to all.
Yup.
I don't remember it being this bad when I got my CA credential.
But that was years ago.
Heading to the Warwick Mall to meet Mike !
The madness has begun !!
You got big doctorams?
doctorams of a new ILS.
Well doctorams cost but an open source ILS may be cheaper.
LinkedIn Tip for SMBs: Win new business by answering questions in your area of expertise.
Exciting to launch  look forward to following your tweets.
Also coming to see you on the 4th of April.
youre a mammoth
Have FUN!
You will be GRAND!
You're going to give BET aLOT of views today:
I think I'll hang over there with all the Prima Donnas/she's kinda curvy with a booty like Michelle Obama's
Don't care but doctorBrady will have less than six incompletions.
m lunchrice, tiny bit of butter, crumbled wasabi nori and sunflower seeds.
when i get married im not doing a thing but booking my honeymoon, getting my doctorss picking out the cake  picking my bridesmade  doctorsses.!
I have in my possession free CE cards that gives 1 free course for insurance CE 1stcome1stserve  reply if interest
how do you know I'm a girl ?
30 students from all backgrounds spontaneously danced the hora on SFSU plaza during powerful Hillel Jewish Culture Week exhibit  concert.
can't wait for softball to be over, wants to start going to the gym again!
:
The Walking Dead just crushed me...
Can't believe Dale died!!!
i deserve every bit of this brownie batter ice cream!!
looks that way.
NBC is picking a few New shows that look good, they they will probably get canceled mid season.
Yeah and then I got home and I'd promised to help my sister with a tree mural for her daughter's birthday.
come over!
Ohh baby baby..
Lol these girls are so young!..
: A very Russian day.
Reading doctor Zhivago on the bus.
Schi for lunch.
Wearing Faberg earrings.
''The Security Implications of a Shifting News and Media Environment,Conference in Ottawa 2122 feb.
lol sorry officer
She's tripping it's all due before June 4th, I doubt that.
Holy shit, in less than 24 hrs we'll be on our way to our shooting location for !!
; where are you
lol yea that nigga was a Damn heathen
Umm I think your big Mac missed your mouth and took a shit on your previously stained proclub...
Work till 10 blah
putting together my flash UI template together for my final project, anyone have any good sites for actionscript help?
love u even more now!!
Can't wait!!!
You represent a new level in life for me
Tonight: 'Contagious Behavior' at  Ladies, receive Open Champagne Bar by texting the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 
I'll DM you it in a little while I have to go but I will be right back!
Definitely, thanks, I love learning across disciplines:
I WANT TO SEE
Omg, I'm so fucking sick of you!
: April 12th is National Grilled Cheese Day yum!!!
So much inspiration for my Beauty Meets Decor blog feature
thanks for the follow : you're talented.
Anyone else out there that is right handed with left leg dominate.
Strange combination.
thanks  that was impetus to finally getting around to fixing some defunct links in that technical debt post.
:
Thx for the FF!
Have a great weekend!
I'd never get anything done
Agreed!
Such a great game!
Can't wait for the next one.
Loving our Mavs!
Mary Nell Bryant speaks on developing Leg Library of Liberia.
Think about a library with no running water, electricity, phone lines.
Hey, lay off USAir  they gave me a WHOLE CAN of Diet Coke on my flight this afternoon!
I believe the word you are looking for to describe turkey is jive.
Feel free to DM or email me too!
Good luck :
Icing my calf
bro, its not starting stuff if all you do is ask a question.
Movies with :
Rise and shine!
Hope everyone has a wonderful and productive day.
It's okay, it makes it easier to concentrate on work.
hey does hall govt have any plans for all hall?
Sorry ladies i know im so random ahaha
YOLO Isnt a reason to be a slut.
why wait till you grow up?
you can be a breakdancer now
Welcome to our fair city!
When are you opening?
:
I may not know the content of scenes, but I now know of their existence, and that is almost as much of a spoiler.
omw to you guys.
Be there in 45 :
Big Holiday Wishes to All!
May 2012 bring world peace.
We will only have world peace when we care for the poorest of the poor.
Excited to be participating in citimark event supporting best buddies.
Will be a fun day!
haha!
Well it looks good in my room ;
Christopher thanks for the follow, Jonni Armani
Eventually two things will happen.
Either he'll realize you're worth it or you'll realize he's not.
If we have ice this winter!
Sounds great.
It's hot!
What should I do!
The Girl Scouts advertised on RL's program?
Ick!
I don't think I can ever eat another GS cookie again.
My favorite weekday, it's FRIDAY eve!!!!!
Not sure what to think about getting tix for Evanescence show.
I feel kinda old...
but in a very goth, chic, My So Called Life kinda way.
preordered mine today as well!
Rise and shine...
Well, can't sleep in today.
Time to find some work!
I so hope so!!
Kurt did awesome and I think he will definitely make it!
:
cambridge bound, where you at ?
This is the day that the Lord has made.
Let us be glad and rejoice in it.
Obnoxious people at the movies must be stopped
Someone better wake me up tomorrow.
Songs and the memories that go with em
RT : Apparently the Badger defense was one of the things that got cut from UW under Walker's budget?
Just for you and Zach ZachAndoctorbertAreHereToo !!!!!!
Fox leaves the House after 8 years.
Those reruns will give us homesweethome for decades to come, healthy or not.
I agree is the best!
Easy to use  allows a sm biz owner to increase their likes, tweets, followers quickly.
Merry Christmas phillies....
It's snowing bitches !!
Haha, you won't forget that date!
Thanks, Clayton!
In case you haven't noticed, my Twitter hiatus is over, and I'm loving it.
In other news, this is a very productive day for me.
Sitting in my hotel room in NY watching the game with 8 million New Yorkers.
The streets are pretty quiet.
When will stupid childoctorn learn?
Glen Beck is not a Christian.
Make it happ'n, captainn!
Daz Ravage has unlocked the achievement Cream of the Crop in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
Happy Birthday!
:
and ifyouknowmeyouknow that iknowthatyouknow that they will always be the bungles until Brown leaves.
someone shoot me if i ever start posting Garfield or Ziggy cartoons.
she's really sarcastic tho so ya lolz
he was ready yesterday, Compared to our QB performance of last year.
BacOn egg and cheese is the only thing keeping me up
In honor of March Madness, wish I could do a tourney of backlist digitization vendors and just have them go at it .
.
.
Hi Scott, haven't heard from you in awhile!
God uses pain to bring peace.
been talking to him al morning.
3
Hoes stupid as hell and the shit make me laugh
Have a question?
Ask us something!
please follow me!!
yo fam i go through it we all do just let it come to you..
I mean I fuckin love !!!!!
At ready to present on !
Sounds like the greatest thing ever.
Or not.
RT : This fried Koolaid scares me.
much love to  happy to hear yall are as excited about as we are xo
Making the whole bus for the field trip stop because you had to pee so bad that you were on the verge of tears
Parkrose Auto Center buy junkcars and sell usedcars now.used or junk vehicle taking up space could be turned into money.Visit Us Today!
Belly dance to good health
A bad way...I'm just not calibrated for this kind of wine atm.
I usually really like Seghesio Zin but it's too much for me 2nite
Lol yeah he came by and crashed the Library celebration for a few minutes at Doug Fir.
:
God chose me to be an Actor, isn't that awesome: with him anythings possible;
Happy to see BCEagles get their second win today  still must
If you are not following alum on Instagram, you are missing all the Antarctic penguin and sea lion fun!
should we start trending SeacrestMadeUsDoIt?
Had a ice coffee for the 1st time by myself wednesday  i couldnt take it..
Too much caffeine for me
Me too especially when Pujols was still a Cardinal.
OK, whoever is behind dozens of emails from Mensagem Automatica in the last few days, please STOP!
: I love curly hair!
it looks awesome!
classic :D
Pretzel fight with my cousin!!!!
U going down stacy!!!
Conaway speaking now.
Landers and Pugh are also present.
Rolley slated to arrive.
No word on Blake or others.
go follow he is truly  one of the sweetest people ever
OMG yes I hate wearing clothes lol
I'm sorry but I get obsessed very quickly with guys on youtube, especially hot ones
say hi to
haha!
saw that picture of prince with the tongue out  hilarious.
Please send that for your montage  haven't forgotten you!
The Royals should have won that game
I still got love for you!
SNARRF SNARRF
Oh and these gals are pretty rad
The world will end in 5 minutes.
Please log off.
that's my girl :
22nd Ward Alderman Ricardo Munoz will be addoctorssing Latino professorssionals Networking Reception.
Raining buckets in downtown Greensboro.
hold strong.
its go pay off in the end
Had a great time talking w/ this morning about producing a new video in prep for our fundoctorising gala this spring!
I don't compete,I defeat
Before 1D spoons were just spoons, nandos was just nandos, carrots were just carrots...cats were just cats  mirrors were just mirrors.
Need a challenge?
Sign up for a 1/2 marathon and use this training schedule that not only do I recommend, but use too.
www.Run4Purpose.com
where u think ur going young lady haha
5 button mouse support added in VirtualBox 3.1.0!
The best desktop vm software just got better!
The most interesting information comes from childoctorn, for they tell all they know and then stop.
The next episode of Misfits looks AMAZING!
y am i losing followers wtf
The keys are great and very laid back dep on which island.
Orlando is great for the parks and you are only 1 hour from the beaches.
Really, blackstrap mollasses is carcinogenic?
Where does he get this info?
get em fellas
bitch I hate you:
I love my prom doctorss!!!
i just clicked the follow button...22 more to go!!
Awesome job with Lovebug!
.
goodward5news  trash/litter being cleaned from ivycity this morning!
Looking good!
No way, NYC has to be 1!
LA only if the person is behind the wheel, lol.
I did better then I thought
And awesome customers!
Thanks for the shoutout!
you are sweet too :
HEY BEAUTIFUL....
that shit in my quincy hood!!!
Memorial day launch!!
am waiting for 2NE1 GoodBye Stage
If man could sustain life on cheese curds alone he would.
Game time!!
Let's go Patriots!!!
We raised 10 for childoctorn in Africa!
25 cent for one school meal...
so 40 meals!
You know you're ObsessedWithSPN when I keep toggling back and forth between work and Twitter...
geh...
Fridays...
PLEASE DISREGARD ANY JUNK TWEETS FROM MY ACCOUNT: I DO NOT SOLICIT OR ENDORSE MAKE MONEY FROM HOME OPPS.
OR STALKING THANK YOU  JmisterSHAW
thank you :
follow back please:
Brazil?
More like NoBrasill!
AmIRight?
Thought I'd stay the whole time
Orange Saturday
I love this movie!
if im still looking in three months...shoot me!
I have the perfect playlist.
Just one track, called The Soothing Sounds of Silence.
Sounds like me snoring.
;
my bed looks so comfortable but i know if i fall asleep i am going to miss my next class and it is the last day of classes
Remote Virus Removal...Only 24.99....
Haha, sadly no.
Just a long day ahead.
Running some workshops for CWSF at work today.
Same!
I would retweet Christine but I don't want more ppl to read that article!!
Not accurate portrayal at all.
rain stopped it.
I'm selling furniture.
Pls help me spread the word.
Thanks!
Sorry that sometimes my words quickly turn to blades...
I saw her!
She was awesome!
I'm putting money down that she goes far :
Why does the right think an employer's religion trumps an employee's?
Do they think so for Jewish or Muslim or Hindu or atheist employers?
Dear US government, When I run up my credit cards, I DON'T take out another one, triple my spending and force my boss to pay me more.
Tweet Me Maybe ?
thank u.
I definitely need sleep soon.
Thanks for checking out our band!
WOOT WOOT :
I need motivation to wake up!
perecki Lovely, a bit crowded.
Can't see the text from here Have to assume it's ok on poster.
Today?
And what is the topic?
Buahahaha!
Yea that did sound bad!
Lmao!
Here's to us!
Rocky Horror Ostrich Show
Sometimes those who need it the most are motivated the least.
Maybe the W Hotel will fall on the TX state legislature
Why I know this year has gone quickly: It's time for ArtAllNight this weekend.
HappyBirthdayTommoTwins !!!
those are the cutest little girls ever!
I hope they have a great year and get everything they want 3
EFG team strutted down the aisle for the NM coalition of charter schools conference dinner.
We have now joined the charter movement
all of his songs are good
Going to Bear Creek Festival, representing the Coolin' System in Florida!!!
Gonna tweet all weekend about this great FunkFest!!
So pumped!
57 Long days til warped tour!
Omgg hurry up!
Thank you, for your AWESOME international customer service  the rep who solved my problem tonight was outstanding!
Never got use to nighas that was use too
Have a safe trip to Prague I hope you have an insane time.
Keep your followers posted on your magical adventure.
Catch colleagues ,  's Mark Hahnel at this week's scio12.
They'll be speaking a/b data 
Well, today is pretty much a waste.
: No matter how strong a girl is, she always has a breaking point...
It's Monday.
Lower the bar.
Now who ever took a video of that show me cause there were too many fiends standing up for a nigga to see
hey follow me how about?
tell all yalll friends
that's actually interesting I always wondered how much hair I had.
signed up to be EFF Cooperating FOIA Reviewer; hope to be useful.
lol just call us amber ill tell you over the phone
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Abbot's Pizza Company  Pizza
Hey boys.
Dm me.
Im hard
We can't be good enough for God to love us.
That's what the Pharisees missed.
They didn't understand God loves us already.
Ask the right people the right questions and you will always get the right answers.
hahaha what you doing?
hows your mom?
mousaka will always be a classic favorite
lol some episodes but how they die is crazy
Include me in your
Flaco Jimenez comes to L.A.
May 4th, 2012.
More info soon...
Thanks for sharing!
Will check it out!
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3
i think it is you who is mistaken...
spring is not here, winter just hasn't arrived yet!
Have you never been here before?
I think you'll enjoy it!
Have your tickets yet?
Brewers !!!
Stop in for a slice before the game!
On the Jason misterz song 5/6, is that the time signature of the song?
The time seems sort of different/off.
Some people can't take a damn joke and it's annoying
Aw they made it?
told them to pay you a visit  RT : I got Blue Jays in my backyard.
How about you ?
Any special requests today for lunch?
See what I can do for you.
You guys, something epic is up on the blog tomorrow!!!
; This will be worth sharing.
MATT FLYNN IS OFFICIALLY A SEAHAWK!
YES!
YES!
YES!
YES!
I would have faked an injury after the first one, an would definitely consider retirement after the second one.
Haha
And I think I'm going to try my hand at making homemade donuts this year.
Anyone have any tried  true recipes for cider or pumpkin donuts?
We do all Smogs Regular and Test Only visit our website for our coupon www.MorenoValleyTestonly.com
: Great to have Chesterfield University's Chief Learning Officer, Kevin Bruny Live Tweeting from Va SHRM Conference VASHRM12 tnx
Out wit my nigga Los
Bill: My sister has lovely long red hair all down her back.Will: Pity it's not on her head.
Newsflash: The Premium Reserved and Premium General Admission sections are officially SOLDOUT!
Do you have your tickets to yet?
We will need to get some good food.
And doctornks.
lots of doctornks
exactly.
The area I live has a lot of gay couples and they r free to show affection without be criticized.
I have a man crush on Mario Chalmers and I'm not afraid to admit it
Brad Eldoctord recalled from Toledo after Tigers unconditionally release Brandon Inge.
everything!!!
And then some!
I'M THE ONLY DEREK AROUND HERE GODDAMNIT.
omg stfu already
Dear lawn people at newtown, it's 830 am on a Saturday in summer
RT : Sunday Best Season 5: June '12 in ATL!
...
Info on how to get FREE TICKETS COMING SOON!!!!!
RT
I missed the 2009 Kings of Convenience too, but really loved the first two!
Awaiting your approval...
Fred Hammond's new CD  God, Love  Romance does not disappoint it is really good.
kids Grand Prairie AirHogs MeetandGreet and Charity Softball Game at QuikTrip Park, Sat, May 12 4:00p: The Grand Prairie AirHogs, the...
RT : New cheer for football games starting Sunday!
Stay tuned for instructions coming later today!
welcome to Twitter!
onlyinthehood do you do your grocery shopping at the liquor store
Yay I'm off work :
Can needles replace the need for medicine?
What are your thoughts on acupuncture?
Bye Lamar maybe the Mavs can start winning
Hey Danny!
Twitter is better when the Cubs are playing!
Working late tonight!!!
Feels good.
Ditto.
:
Where are you playing tonight??!
always stay positive my friend you're a blessing to the packers even if you're on the sidelines...glad to know everything is ok!
Baseball is back!!
Heading down for the Rockies home opener.
GO ROX!!
When you accept somebody, you accept their past too.
Dont hold it against them later.
JanProSac offers financing at 10!
And 0 to Veterans!
You are right.
Set aside one years worth!
Your a beautiful girl with a beautiful personality.
I barely met you but your already badass to talk to33
are the photos from the Richmond Virginia shoot up yet?
How do I find mine?
Thanks!
I have to pee!!
Hell yeah
sometimes my additional knowledge was frowned upon by other interpreters
RememberRapWhen Bustarhymes and MissyElliot where doing them crazy videos in trash bags etc.
The human voice resonates differently than anything else in the world
Ready for school to be over.
2 successful radio events, now lunch/dinner and off to rock the mic for the working!
apparently the girl that hit ashley is in our grade and her names madi and she looks like man lmao .
Hey Frank, I got my capoeira name!
Monge :
I got caught sleeping in World History.
I'm tired af'.
follow back?
Rainy days are perfect for football at home...
Just realized i cant wait for summer 2012
Good seeing you on course at the OpOliver 5k!
Can you follow me????
I just followed you!!!!!!
hahaha and what do you think??
BereniceBejo has a hot accent.
She won't win, but I'll enjoy looking at her all night.
Need hair ideas for prom?
Fan of Jerseylicious?
Check out my interview w/ from Jerseylicious in the NC available tomorrow !
Every gas station in Memphis accepts EBT.
I'm not surprised, but I never feel quite prepared.
My Goddaughter turns 18yrs old in 4 days.
I can't wait because she's so fuckin' hot!!!!!!
: Prison Break  hell yeah Dave!
You watching it?
lumpy boobs and lumpy butts all the way!
congrats on the 30/30, gents.
Thanks, doctorxel Archives!
We're official now.
an old grandma that JaccTrippa turned out!
Hahaha
cigarettes and coffee, a hangover's best friends
That's great.
I remember the joy of watching my son walk for the first time.
It's only been 4 years since that day.
Time flies.
On a scale of Batman to Justin Beiber, how gay is this new shirt?
..i still have 1 1/2 days to rest..
before work  school, yet im up..
doing hw ..smh, someone make me take my butt to bed, lol
I don't believe in homework
Big day of editing!
A lot of little tweaks.
But, getting very close to picture lock.
If you ain't following you're not living.
K .xx
no problem!
I'm great!
Still acting, trying to get into musical theatre.
How about you!?
:
Put on a smile and get through the day.
The more you dwell on the negative or what cannot be, the faster you doctorg yourself down.
Truth.
ATTN unsigned rapper,dancers,singers,join our Team send an email if you're TALENTED WE GOT WORK!
welcome back to tweetland!
PreMidterm Examination on July 14 and 15.
FYI.
Thank you
whoa...congrats on the Dev/Karmin gig!!!
I don't know how i can talk to you and ask you questions when all you do is ignore me
Join us tonight for 1/2 priced bottles of wine and try our new fall menu!
Just got done doing my homework for the day
: Hey, not Air Marshall Jon.
You wanna get back in that rest room and not rest?
hahah I'm in a bad mood
how much you charge to host a mix tape?
Always be a firstrate version of yourself, instead of a secondoctorte version of somebody else.
Judy Garland
grab it love it be it.
Goddamn it you better doctoram it all.
here but not blowing up twitter like u lol
Wondering abt relation between banned racist GamerTags that discusses  xbox's policy on tags referencing queerness
Ur addicted to Twitter!
Just started a new gig doing marketing for a company in Burl MA that does services for high tech
Get Your Closet Ready for Spring With Expert Organization Tips  NBC New York
doctor Lonnie Smith is finishing up soundcheck and ready for a great night of funky jazz tonight at the Bistro!
The problem is, my son, who's 3, and my daughter, who's 7, share a room.
My daughter has to get up for school  he keeps her up.
A lot of people are going to feel really dumb in
Njcu vs rutgers game with coach and others
Baylor can play some ball
I will never get used to seeing Jose not in a mets uniform.
tonight: we're happy to host Pitchcrawl!
thank you too love : 
no.
So many have been much better.
BAD GIRL i love this songs You're my favorite
Me too, I've practically seen all the episodes!
:D let me know if it ends up being good :
When you're laying in bed and your remote is on the other side of the room 
stop thanking me
Were they booing Wash when he came out to take out Yu?
Or Yuuuuing Yu before he walked off the mound?
Food Truck Wars bringing it on March 31st in Oviedo, FL.
40 Food Trucks, Live Music, Beer Garden, Silent Auction.
Bring the appetite!
hello?
myspace?
you still here?
charles brocken brown
Braun better come through here!
try use the phone
:  sure you can get a smile.
I.
love.
Cowboys
its time to go with some local music, why don't radio stations feature local artists...peewaddy.com
my anger?
About what?
That devil child.
Still weak in data structure  algorithm.
Got stuck by the first interview question...
She won't to right .
There was no trust
Sure thing!
Last class till Monday happening at 12 noon.
Get your full moon primary on!
It must be a doctornkers holiday cause BUNNY is working tonight!
Jade, Sandy, Phoenix, Cat  Adoctorana are also ROCK'N the GREEN!
JUST ON THE GRIND MAKIN MONEY.
MUAH!!!!!!!!
Hm.
Do the Rangers win tonight or does the series go to a tie?
Feel so sick.
Im not happy with just a series win.
We lose and were down 3.
Win tonight and its one.
Big difference
Don't forget to sign up for Fri's 1pm User Group ft.
ASU Jonesboro's myCampus Enterprise Edition portal.
Email
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
This Friday at Governors 10pm Show !!!
Come and laugh with me
Looking forward to meeting some interesting people at tonight's mixer.
Come see me at TAG RAW BAR, say tweet for a 5 sushi roll, and N/A Bev.
Try my Hibiscus Rose Bourbon in a Kentucky Busy Bee Cocktail for 5.
So excited to go home this weekend!
2:15 needs to come like right now.
Being in another session but checking twitter during s7 feels like being in an empty house with a loud party going on nextdoor.
My coffee is falling down on its job too.
Need another cup!
8 million views in 24 hours!
the best!!
Follow me please
Not into Amy Adams' style, but about to rob her hair color!!!!
Dec.
1...
Wait for it.
follow our boys  !
They're great!
Preciate the love fam.

zerwekh they never disappoint.
Yup the iPad is the sme story whn plugged in 2 iPhone charging block it says it's not charging but many hours later bat  incrs
Guess somebody wants their kneck to be hurting Too ha RT : smh
RT RT RT : Last summer was the best one ever but I have a feeling that it is about to be topped..
I can not wait!
That sounds about right!
Makes me wonder if its some kind of sting operation, though...
I just want to know when legislators who are horrified at the thought of sex outside of marriage will begin dealing with men.
Thanks for the twitter follow.
I Want A LAte Happy Birthday D; ..
Thanks!
I'm trying my best :
Roses are red, Violets are blue, I love someone special, And it isn't you!
Haha!
Just kidding!
Love you all!
Merry Valentines Day guys!
Blasts from the past all day today smh
r those books or movies?
Feels like I'm in Memphis never seen more of them in place at a single time.
sings GRAB SOMEBODY SEXY TELL 'EM HEY.
gets on bike brb, going to come to your house and grab you ....that sounds wrong
yes.
yes it will.
I promise.
It's raining here in Chicago too.
doctoreeeaaary.
Almost out baby.
A few hours with The Wood Brothers, and the L.A.
just rolls right off you.
To cultivate kindness is a valuable part of the business of life.
Samuel Johnson
Colt Cabana in the video talks about how his goal is to be the Underground Champion.
It's the reason he came to NWA Underground.
I luv the goofing around shots!
Never see that w/ Bulls.
I'm mad the Chicago Sky ladies didnt do any doctorss up photos for media day
All of them except for Madden.
Not a fan.
Crazy weather so cold.
Doggies still wearing jammies.
If the price is right RT : You think Ozzie will trade up for him?
I'd love him here in bmore
Well, you've got a baby coming.
You're allowed some neuroses.
To even remember those teams means no apology necessary.
RT Sorry, guess I meant 1970.
Forgot about Boomer  his 'taters'.
I have to agree with Ian on this.
ah yes, THE QUESTION.
I take Mike just because I saw him first, but I warmed up to Joel pretty quickly once i saw him
Russell M.
Nelson We were born to die and we die to live.
As seedlings of God we barely blossom on earth we fully flower in heaven.
i took one of my spider bites out tonight.
it goes thru my lip all the time!
bt thanks!
RT : RT : Welcome back to Party Mountain, Mad Rad.
Mike McGinn
I'm en route.
Do we need more beer?
please do!
First 2 are on me....
Who cares if they are?
They are so tasty!
So true...and time consuming which is helpful ;
wait for the baby boom on Feb 11th 2013.
What's up with black guys taking pics of themselves?
Just looked on FB and out of my 976 friends all 12 blacks ones had pics of themselves
Another conservative bites the dust.
!
Fafafa Monsieur Sarkozy.
Oh that it will happen here in November, too.
wat it mean???
Same here!
Living away is not always fun.
are you buying the New iPad 2 next year?
Show at Arnetic on July 31st with our good good buddies Tonight Tonight!
Be there everyone!
Danny Ainge on : I don't think anybody was happier with our victory than Rondo was.
I saw a smile on his face that your rarely see.
back in the dd.
Unsophisticated palates: you and me both.
Ketchup is still my favorite condiment.
See, then you go and say something really smart, and so we want you for President even more...
we're just that dumb.
settle down.
aren't you you all about god and forgiveness?
I Love You.

Come to and we'll hook you up ;
I'm a transwoman
Over the hill!
On March 6, 2012, turns 100.
Aw, i hope u feel better :/
Did Steve tell you that, per chance?
Hmm, Steve..
says he'll meet you tomorrow
Here we go again 33
I try to be
Skylark Longue at 40 Union st.
It is open and pouring Kind.
Come on down for a frickin beer already
Girl you Deserve it...
All is good!!
Convo w/ my baby.......cple time  holding time.
Daddy's home!
My life is so amazing!
I hate when ppl pretend to like something cuz there friend likes it.like no.be yourself.
Gratitude is a quality similar to electricity: it must be produced and discharged and used up in order to exist at all.
William Faulkner
Love it when I'm the last pickup for the super shuttle!
By the way, have you seen our temp.
ex.
The Color of Memory yet?
It has some AMAZING art that will give you goosebumps...check it out!
Volunteer opportunities galore!!!
We need help selling coupon book for Community Days this Saturday from 24pm at Grand Ave Mall
FF Why?
Because he's a dog.
Also, I've never done a
omg i'm so tired !!
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!!
RTd
any truth to you bein pulled outta tha hathaway fight to fight serra?
RT : Go to college is to education what put things in your mouth is to cuisine.
If there's a show on television right now that centers around supernatural or fairy tale creatures, odds are I watch it.
Pretty remarkable: prior to Seau's suicide, on average there was 12 NFL concussionrelated articles per/week by media.
Now several per day.
Welcome Osaka University of the Arts for a 3Day workshop at Juilliard Jazz!
When you deal with a bleeding uterua then we'll talk.
SoldierUp and do your job!
Victory and justice!
Firm will pay Wisconsin school districts about 30 million.
killed it tonight!
Thank you for your tweets and for having me!
The ultimate make up call!
I
had a GREAT time at the game Saturday!
the phone stuffing, on the other hand....
Lol :
Austin Carlile, You're my hero.
Odaxelagnia is the scientific name for arousal from biting.
LOL!
I am 5'4 so 155mm is the right length for me.
No, this is not a unicycle.
It's for my TT/Tri bike.
Project Empowerment has helped more than 2,000 people find jobs.
This is outstanding work.
Ha!
It's entirely possible.
I was walking on Prospect earlier.
And I'm just as guilty as you!
I will do the same.
IfOnlyICould change one thing , I'll bring my grandma back , by far the worst pain I've experienced
this aint never no beat tape that yu produced my nigga!!!!!
I would love to hear remix  Vision One...
just sayin'...
Just got that Toshiba thrive
Enjoying our first camp with kids on the east side.
And working on our cool, new Second Story website.
But i gotta go and get it tho
really?!
What was the question?
How is Q1 going for your dealership?
Share with us!
Just go to bed lol
Some amazingly creative minds and souls coming together.
This looks like it will be absolutely brilliant.
burnt end sandwhich, cheesey corn and beans.
Its the best kept secret in KC.
had dinner was good ham and mac cheese with all my family it was good i cook with my 2 boys there did a great job helping
Hate pulling up next to sonic litterers.
Keep the auditory trash in your car please...
Your ignorance is killing me.
Over the MothersDay weekend was a moment of Justice finding guilty of Murder of this
This should be an Epic weekend of Parties...I know...It's Science.
I love unsolved mysteries, they should totally do some new episodes
Justin.
Bieber.
SEXY.
Thanks for following  listing us!
congrats to my cousin on graduating high school  my sister on graduating college.
Grandma is smiling  u both from above 3 I love you guys
thanks clippers!
You're stronger than me!
LOL I couldn't resist.
I purchased one of each.
Maybe I'll include them in a giveaway pack!
Aw, thank you!
RT : Loved the flockinshindig by Such a great time.
Good morning little Shakespeare's in the making!
Theater Camp begins today!
anytime all the time best 
this is a common problem, break out the book in bed and you'll be out in 2 minutes
working with was great.
We're still using the sticky notes technique, and sometimes we have sharpie wars 
don't mean to sound like a dick, but I'm fucking sick of seeing you post this shit.
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 47
your account has been hacked.
That is, unless you expect me to be surprised that someone is saying bad things about me.
I do remember students studying for their exit competency exams
This wasn't nowhere near being directed towards you.
did I mention in it?
No.
I didn't.
So, yeah text meh.
This has been a long day...but productive
nice I'm going too for my birthday!
How many of you are so excited for XMas I'm getting great presents!
can't wait!
I do have Skype, username is xgregoryx123
its hot than a Beast
Love Affair Lil Twist...
in that video he looks cute for once
who do you think about?
BestMemoryof2011 Getting to make good, local, affordable food every day!
Shin Splints worst feeling ever 
oh I mean basil not pesto!
;
Its Wednesday!
What do you want to refocus on?
What are you grateful for?
magpiemidweek gratitude focus
..I Love Music Cause Music Is Life..
Dinner tix 2 rich for your blood?
Buy tix 4 the ITAOTC after party 80  door 40 for students, purchase on 's website
you never can sir
thanks for coming in.
your going to love dining in the gardens come summer.
You're a whore.
You'll always be a whore.
That's why I like you.
THE LONG RIDERS
I'll second that idea!
Lol
Show them tits for titty tuesday?.
i miss you twitter...:
if they feel that way and wish to do so then more power to all involved.
how they feel has nothing to do with my opinion
Thanks!
I enjoyed the panel discussion.
HALFTIME: Gators lead Louisville 4133.
If I Die Tomorrow i want you to know i love you :
Finally home from work: now time to practice piano and memorize Trial by Jury for concert choir.
on the board with a walk.
Let's see sabathia shut the tigers down.
Go yanks!
When your marriage falls apart, it feels like all you have are bad options.
we'd be honored to be a part of number 7
laying down watching George lopez .
You?
doctorps some dope shit in like 5 minutes...
Pow!
I love instructor evaluation time.
Especially when the instructor was useless brutallyhonest RMU please take our opinions seriously
So many amazing songs on this record!
SKA Launches Howto Healthcare Marketing Web Video Series
nice to meet you today, you have a beautiful voice!
I followed :
Follow please with a cherry on top :
Chris, give it a minute  once they get enough of you Jersey kids in there it'll get plenty dingy re:
Running always makes me feel better!!!
Margarito's trainer failed him by letting the Pacquiao fight continue.
One night of machismo.
A lifetime of eyeproblems.
Stupid move.
Any word on AJ Burnett
i voted for yall over 30 times can i get a follow back please
well said.
Especially in
There's a lot to be done...but the community for respectful advocacy and storytelling is growing.
Coworker: Fabe!!!!
Guess what?!!!
Me: Oh snap you scared me!
What's up?
The best friends house house after school!
Were just going to look at 1D pictureslisten to 1D talk about how gay they are!
Constance: There's not going to be a swimming pool, you stupid slut.
At the very first E21 Generations weekend church in Anthem, AZgonna be great!
I know I'm L8, but how bout my Cats  1!?
190 right now, gonna kill some Gamecocks 2night!!!!
RN20 Its still surreal that your gone!
You will be missed!
Only The Good Die Young Rest In Paradise /3
That stunt looks way too hard!
How n the heck do they expect u to hold your breath for that long?!?
Seesmic for work, Tweetdeck for play.
when I try to mention friends, the list of usernames does not pop up.
Please help!
Some of the best fish I ever ate came out of Union Sq Greenmarket!
I bought a homeless guy lunch today.Had to feel good about myself after trying on 2 skinny fit shirts.
He was crying when I handed it to him
Just saw Discovery shuttle fly by in downtown DC on its last flight.
Now playing Bobbi Humphrey New York Times
I'm fresh I'm fly I'm always high
Fab Melo ruined our best chance to win a championship.
He should just go pro and stop fucking up our team.
J.D.
Guillard is single again and its making me extremely happy because i can finally say hey i like you why dont we get together
Welcome to the south
Making a difference is the highest order of service.
Ruth Gordon, MLS, Ph.D.
just asked me if I have to sit next to strangers on the bus.
I wanna go to the pirate game tonight!
Mar 31,1942: Churchill accepted criticism from Times and Guardian but felt Daily Mirror, Daily Mail and Daily Herald 'undermined army'.
RT : Need to get there on time and refreshed when you arrive?
Maybe a midsized private plane is the trick....
My goal today: Sending out at least one job application.
bye goodnight sleep well :
u not getting rid of that beard are ya?
working on a new treatment.....
Disagreed on the Spurs comment.
They are beatable.
In fact, the Clippers can beat them.
ICriedWhen my grandma died 
ME TOO!
: RT : bravecarslandevent So stoked to see everyone next month!
me: who eats sharks?!
my youngest niece: chinese people.
...i heart her too lol
Same 18K I had two hours ago noon mega.
Blinds 1/2K.
Do or die time.
60 players left, 17 seats or thereabouts.
We're here at nyc rescue mission Graduation Ceremony.
7 grads  scores of fans.
Biutiful; room for more in chapel next time.
peace
I have 3rd one that I wrote that will appear on site on May 4th!
Still hoping you'll agree to interview!
Great Article!
Tell your father thank you for me.
Damn...
you should really be at Garrison Hawk is rippin it down RIGHT NOW!!!
UNCOMUN reggae!!!
That's great!
Im4Falk b/c she'll do more than just end the civil war in WI.
Falk will fight to undo the damage Walker has done to our state.
Pretty Please Wish me luck on my Softball Game?3 Cause your just that Amazing!!;
Baby J  Live at the Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012!
Los Despoz performing tonight for just 6  childoctorn 12  under are Free!
what you working on, any mixtapes or albums
I think the commish just made a lot of fans with that hot handshake
just followed have to support bands from my home state of course!!!
Creativity needs a rebellious energy that is tamed by the very systems that require it.
Its about time that get some radio time in the nap I been talkin about the kid for a minute
Gladney Center for Adoption Marks 125th Anniversary
Plus, after looking through the installation section of the handbook, it doesn't look any more challenging than install Arch Linux...
Did you do the voice over work for the Central Indiana Chevy Dealers commercial?
That voice sounds familiar.
Just got done watching the NASCAR race.
Carl Edwards won the race and Jimmy Johnson won the Championship.
That's a 3 peat for Jimmy.
jajuan pullin big ass sodas outta nowhere eddy complainin over food and somebody stole my bread
Almost out of tickets and the place to pick them up is closed on the weekends..STRESS.
there isn't currently a search for location feature, but great suggestion.
We'll add it!
I wanna be a mermaid.
FF the best men in the labor movement
The fact I don't have to go to school the rest of the week  
Can't believe Simmons had the gall to post the video suggesting Davis is antiCelts...well I can believe it.
He's a professorssional whiner.
Let's see if I can get this Tesla card working
It's official!!!
Saturday brunch at with
She'd be smart to avoid ref'ing games at Rucker Park.
whew!
caught up on our !
keep 'em coming Twitter peeps!
I'll be hanging out on here this most of this evening!
let's chat : Chris
Is anyone really surprised that Ryan Braun got caught using the juice and secondly do you think MLB should take away his MVP Award?
what a great movie.
Bachelor tweet silence again...
: About 2 hit family video i need a good tv show 2 get into.
Any suggestions ?
Trailer Park Boys.
Stupid funny
Maintain closer, more intimate ties with your now very valuesbased end consumers.
Andoctora Learned
you need one more feel
Thanks!
The detective work really paid off and made it simple to fix.
In Florida doctorving to the beach :
2012augrad congrats to everyone who graduates from AU today and tomorrow
Great Xtranormal video at Terry Kawaja keynote adtech Anyone have the link?
Watching the Louisville Kentucky game  should be a great one!
Hey Phil!
i got em crossed for ya.
You n skylar both moving your head side to side in sync would be the coolest.
I felt left out of your guys conversation.
:
section 128  front row of the bums is where i sit.
Ill be looking for u with my binauculars!!
he retiring?
IM OBSESED TOO!
aslongasimnotintrouble!
RT True life; I'm obsessed with watching cops
engaged in bigdata tile rendering issues.
Thanks to all the Smithsonian Nerds that made it out to thirstdc!
We geeked out, we doctornk, we discussed.
We want more.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't.
Kurt Cobain
Excited for
Taking donations/solicitations whatever the fuck u wanna call it
I think the insomnia is contagious.
: I'm out for both Weds and Thurs.
Sorry friends!
People say not to judge someone by their past.
But i believe that a person's past is a prediction of their future.
Adam David Glick CPA is developing mobile Glatt Kosher concepts in New York City.
He is the greatest!!
LUV DDUB 
Hey Guys, what label are you guys signed with?
Same to you!
3
Looks like already answered, but yes, I'm the only one east of 805.
Recommending Royal if you need car rental in Florida.
Excursion for 60 bucks, new Volvo's and Lincolns.
Great value.
Sure!
Hug away.
:P
please keep the Joffrey slaps coming
Thanks for the follow of Check out our fun videos of our 123GoTV in action, a device for kids to bike indoors.
Black Label
1 referer to OAC is Wikipedia.
Another reason for archivists to contribute more to Wikipedia
Ew!
I love seeing packaging fails up close like this.
Hum Lebron seems fine to me
I love it when someone tells me I made there day.
It makes me feel special
Back at work after a month off.
Shock to the system!
Is it bedtime yet?
Better yet, it is Friday  correct?
:D you know i love you.
For the record, hard cherry cider DOES help.
yo!
Went last time and didn't love it.
All about Gjelina though.
cuz i text u then u stop 
Tonight Allerton Hotel, be there 701 N Michigan Ave Huron Street.
Great jazz, great wine, validated parking.
yours truly.
CODE BLUE
GAH!
How did I get to be only 3 weeks from earning my MLIS without writing anything that described informationseeking behavior?
Have a most awesome zombie Jesus day!
Just discovered a long lost relative who is a really cool singer, songwriter.
Check out her new album.
I love it
What would you guys like to see for Fall 2011?
i should go for the hot guys ...
and see where i end up lol all these guys are scum that i've dealt with
iPhone running slow or shutting down?
Doubleclick home button 'till icons appear on bottom, hold 1 until  appears, turn all apps off :
Who's feeling Notorious?
Okayy.
Wanna play on Friday?
You, Daniel, and I?
: DM
let me check my calendar lol
Well, with working 28 jobs, I was curious if sushi was one of them!
Or twerk to birthday cake
On the road Headed to the Ranch!!
See yall Sunday.
Going to be some good times this weekend.
When is releasing Botshay?
The collective soul exists.
I know because it just rejected my application for admission.
Existence is futile!
This slogan is meaningless.
check your DMs please and thank youu.
I lived nittany crossing, far off campus...
Never went to class when weather was bad, and it's always bad haha.
I vote the latter...
Do they still have teeth?
icantgoadaywithout Farting so loudly, it hurts
no problem  when all else fails, try google!
: 
text me.
This sub is the chilliest .
Why do girls change their personality for whatever guy they're around to get their approval?
Just be yourself to keep a good one!
What are your career goals for 2012?
A: Branding second is more expensive, but people need a message to share when they discuss the brand
I'm still plowing through it.
Plowing...
heh.
Adios, Chicago.
I'm not sticking around for the NATO shitshow.
Stay safe, friends!
excited about Orlando this week?
this is the.most bullshit walk home.
Happy International Women's Day!
Celebrate the women you love and the wonderful things they do!
Next 3 weekends in LA.
Excited, but also sad cause I might miss out on some terribly awesome Boston shenanigans.
I guess you think I'm a fool.
When someone calls me from a blocked number and then waits to hang up I just assume they wanted to hear my voice.
you know by saying it you going to have them pop up all over now
Gootiethon April weekend 2012 has been very successful, 3 days in row.
Next time I'm going for a whole week.
Really don't wanna go to school Wednesday :
Test doctorving Camaros today.
True of False  Our guests and members can customize the temperature setting on our massage beds.
RT : We need an OccupyBartab movement!
No more overpriced doctornks at bars with us!
Ha ThingsMyExSaid Your my destiny n i want to be that special one to take your virginity n be with you forever.
Up he aint get Shit !!
Follow me back?
:
Yes, just saw it this morning.
Need to spend more time checking it out.
Thx for sharing!
it's a a wiener isn't it
If I was writing this tweet, you'd be reading something clever.
But I'm not.
And you aren't.
Or something.
You gotta have better standards than that.
Freaking hilarious though
Nobody's gonna follow u.
lol
Bricks yesterday: 5K run  1500 meter swim  12 mile bike ride  1 mile run.
My back hurts today.
The moon looks crazy right now
wats up bro
Its hard to let go..its even harder to move on.
tell me this isnt the soviet hockey coach from miracle
Grown af, doing too fucking much
It is not love that is blind, but jealousy.
Lawrence Durrell
ImSingleBecause I can't stop jamming out to music in my room
I mean...
I do it sometimes, but I really hate it when people touch my stomach to indicate they're going to say something to me.
Who's 42 on the Orioles?
He looks familiar.
Ah!
Directioneeer!
:D
On my way to see authors Bodie and Brock Thoene in Santa Barbara.
We're meeting on the pier.
gangsters don't play.
aw :3 miss you too.
Sumner is upon us, we might have time to finally hang out again!
Today I stand on my own  proud, happy, loved, and eternally grateful to be living this wonderful, beautiful life.
it's all thats on my mind.
still luv u doe....cant hate
My 11 year old brother is listening to Good Charlotte.
Oh the memories.
I am trying to Tweet you, but you will not come up.
This is bullshit.
RT: Our mediachat guest this week is and topic will be SM from a
Its your personal brand.
Just so you know, ford fiestas are much more popular on the left coast.
Getting challenged to a golf match when I get home with ...
Quote I googled how to play...
I'm now a pro
your tweet about Rhinestone Cowboy now has the song ringing in my ears, echo of a 70s rural childhood in Wisconsin
Got to talk to my friend T Ray today, realized how much I miss good friends that are far away...
I'm lucky my friendships defy geography.
her phone number but a better phone

I'd just as soon stay home and raise babies.
June Allyson
:  Klody will you guys be I'm south Florida anytime this summer?
will be
Mornin, Cat!
We miss you, girl!
So need to hang!
Happy EARLY Friday DM
Garnet got up!
Sheesh..
What's up for New Years Eve in Albuquerque Gals?!
Just dont know how to tell him :
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME..
I FOLLOWED BACK..
PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD..
THANKS
just made it here
Don't compete with anyone else.
Compete with yourself.
If only artest was shooting good tonight, we'd be up by at least 10
Remote Conductor is 30 off, now through Valentines Day!
Just learned a new word, thanks to : GRAUPEL.
Is it pronounced GROPel, gropEL, or growpel?
Either way, it's exciting!
haha so true!
RoseArt material never cut it for me.
Their crayons were too waxy.
what's the brew for the lehigh win?
If you were around in pgh I'd crack a rare.
I miss you let's hang out soon!!
I don't know!
Everyone I know didn't, and I know some proposals were spot on.
oh, well in that case grabs unicycle  twister game be right there!!
If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes.
A.
Carnegie
I'm tweeting you.
: so come watch the game at 6:30  you'll already be downtown to jumpstart to your Sat night!
A2Z Development Center inc., part of the Amazon group located in Orange County, CA is looking for a talented Senior Game Development Engine
Loves that isn't forgetting its roots and is representing in Eau Claire tonight!
Wish I were home a week earlier!
Lost our first game today...4 to 2...thats oka we gonna win next time!!
Last year Texas finished 26 in the conference, DEAD LAST in the Big XII South.
Didn't think I would ever see that...
Were you able to read this?
Text You of the day: Thank you for all the gifts I don't even think about
10 days until Ringling Bros.
and Barnum  Bailey Fully Charged Circus!
YES WE DO!
We will plan  put ideas together until we find the succeeding one!
Haha!
Congrats to Dean Pees on becoming the Ravens new Defensive Coordinator.
Also congrats on becoming a head coach in a few years thanks to Ray.
you should text cuz my phone got low minutes
goin ham on dis pad, need da egg n cheese..sittin so high up,my nose bleed..u gotta crawl before u walk..lets proceed
Brian!!
Nuff respect 
Thank u!
RT : Happy birthday !!
honestly, I love this EcoATM idea.
I'll be first in line
RT : Know anyone looking for a unique fun job?
We're looking for someone to help in the daily ops of our new DESSERT TRUCK!
I love RadioLab, haven't missed an episode yet.
Awesome!
Thanks for the rec.
Oh!
Well the one here means call the office...
How'd you figure it out?
Lol
I appreciate that.
That why we did a company bbq
lol pick me up some magazines
Last night at the Jdoctor Rainbow gala, Copper Kettle did it's part to help raise over 2 million dollars for Type 1 Diabetes research!
It has been noted that the path to immigration in this country is difficult and, when done correctly, can take between 6 and 12 years
follow BartabSF so we can tweet about you!
yay you're on twitter!
:
its sad to see all these champs go down this post season
Hi Pam, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
Bryz asks Crosby, Why You Hef To be Mad At Flyers, Here your teem Hef free goals all night!
tminus nine days until cheer camp :3
Top.
Down.
thank you :
Really enjoying NeYo as a mentor.
Why waste your life hateing?
It gets you no where.
What's up?
Is it raining there?
Man I want a beer right about now.
I can see Morey prying Josh Smith away from Atl.
Check out my new twitter page !
A new weight loss project!
It's shocking what it comes to when your life is such a mess how easy it is to lose it all and I lost it I confess.
Wipe away your tears, and wipe away the people who made you cry.
Only you can Create your own Happiness Love Life and it will love you back
Watching the 3 Stooges, I never get tired of them.
They make me laugh!
If you haven't heard of , you just did and go check out his music!!
Super awesome!
His artist name is Verskotzi go check it!
Could you please signal to Nora to please check her email ASAP?
I argued with my husband about Madonna being for the older crowd at the SB  now here I am not so sure about Springsteen
I like how every one looks like shit today because we are all tired
I'm officially challenging for the title of
I've been one of those persons who never goes anywhere without a thermometer, a hot water bottle, a raincoat, and a parachute
now dan yingling has called dan yingling back
Seattle, this December?
See you there?
Exactly!
We are completely wireless  w/ AppleCare our support is outsourced to Apple stores.
We save money in the long run.
Y I shouldn't
Every company needs to embrace it imho RT : Social media isn't right for every client ComDay it's a tool not the end all be all.
Get it together and come ready to play on Monday.
But yer special is looking good dude!
What an incredible show at the Smiling Moose tonight!
Thank you again to Steve Hawk and Autumn Burning for each putting on a hell of a show!
Critics Consensus: Battleship Is All Wet This week at the movies brings us a trio of cinematic adaptations from disparate source material
My 1st time class at Hofstra has a wait list and a second section opening up: So You Want to be a Voice Over Actor.
www.ce.hofstra.edu
i stick to the script i memorize the lines cuz life is a movie that i've seen too many times
NPTech Tip: Instead of rushing, get your voice  kinks worked out before your blog gets published.
You'll save time in the long run
Tell Mama Henderson Happy Mothers Day From All Us Rushers!!
Don't rain on my parade.
Almost vacation time!
we
updated his BIo on Facebook!
Go check it out and then go check me out on TV!
lol :
Go follow !!!
Someone play me in words!!!
jessicag.kennedy
Way to go Sparty!
Bacon cooked with RT : Just made it....bacon is what are chittychatting about??
haha hit my phone man
work priorities are all over the place...
i'm getting confused.
Ron dePeter: Disney's That Darn Cat flirts with granting Haley Mills sexual independence.
that'd be fun.!
Who wants to join our BikeMS team?
www.tinyurl.com/WisconsinMS150
CHEESE BURGERS N FRENCH FRIES
Don't feel good.
:
Insider KentuckyDerby tip: if the vehicle is anything stretch there is not a celebrity inside.
Ugh!
Disgusted /
exactly : We could save a lot of time if Natalie just told these dudes en masse: You is kind.
you is smart.
You is important.
LMAO where have you been?
It's been 3 months and we've got dumb cute pictures on FB.
is the jerk lol
About to do my morning run.
Morning world.
Thank you for the RTs and love!
Wishing you a wonderful weekend!
awwwhh, I LOVE MY MOM !
she just read the note and started crying 33
Good morning!!
Another beautiful Cincinnati day!!
:
I'm the happiest I've been in a while.
More things are good than bad for once.
I hope my luck lasts:
Happy Easter!!
October 1st deadline coming up for a January start date with the Minority Awards Program!
Visit our website for more details!
I don't want a relationship where people say, 'They look so cute together.' I want one where they say, 'Look how happy they are together.'
i appreciate you informing me!!
nine hours of sleep was not enough
Terrible news about Fenway Park PA Carl Beane.
Always saw him on level 9 during B's games.
Condolences to his family  close friends.
RIP.
ThanksGiving Was The Best I Ate ALil Too Much
Nicholas Maybury!Leave it alone RT : As soon as my grandma goes to bed I'm taking her electric scooter for a joy ride!
13 days until I go to !!
I'm super pumped: I get to see my friend Micah cuz she's going with me...yeah life's good.
i love iconic boyz
STOP BUNTING.
I HATE YOU
How come all these people that got big out of no where have some skinny heads?
Look at them.
yeah looks can decieve you.
Haha
Cause i like it like that, YEAH!
If youre sexy and you know it put your hands up in the air put your hands up in the air, girl, put your hands up
..a strange and mad public it is that exacts from the painter the utmost originality and then only accepts him when he is like the others..
: GodGreat Over everything!!
Works every time RT RT : up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A
Please please please,, :
haha i just looked and didnt see him
That's awesome!
Seems impossible but once you get past the hump its fairly easy.
Give it a good 30 days.
Expect some withdoctorwal.
at the field trip so far its boring eatin doritos!!!
i wonder if you pay a nerd to do your homework like in those movies...will they actually do it?!?
DM ya info and ill send ya some records to write to.
Shameful RT : Joe Nuxhall is not among the 10 finalists for the Ford Frick award for 2012
At the airport heading to Seattle for wedding!
yayforweddings!
When your hammer is C, everything begins to look like a thumb.
Is anyone up ??
Believe it or not this guy will be sessioning with a country band tonight  barracuda in Norman.
C'mon bitches!
Oh my Gd, this is Berlinlevel shoving.
taking hot ass showers when you have a cold is the dankest
You used to be the life of the party.
You used to be the best fuderwacker in all of Witt's End.
how many int's was that in the spring game ?
I have an interview with Wayne Davis of TRNE with the info on video.
Will upload tonight:
Got my taxes and form 700's done this week.
I'm ahead of the game.
Just found the 10 dollars AGAIN!
:O
Every time I speak I see 100 grand
Not quite yet.
We'll send out announcements once registration details are available.
We just wanted to get it on calendars!
lol ...
Seriously !
Yes Leslie is so talented, and the woman who played his mother and his sister
just seen it
chewing stride always mandarin gum again.
it's very delicious  eugene
Most successful people challenge the conventions of society.
If u arent doing the same as everyone else dont fret.
You're on the right track
And fingerscrossed?!?
We should defo design our own emoticons app.
: Dang..there's no cookie Emoji.
Clearly they can do better.
Woah okay, first Christopher Ingles cuts his hair, then Alex Gaskarth?
What's the world coming too?
D:
Dinner plans?
A doctorzzly night calls for a cocktail and our ricotta gnudi.
See ya tonight!
Thank you for coming to the concert!
We are glad you enjoyed the music!
At this point it's a loselose.
The O's should forfeit.
They're gonna have no pitchers versus the Rangers.
My coworkers have been asking how nerd camp was  I'm resisting the urge to say This one time at data camp...
dying to get ahold of that.
Heading to Rock Bottom today.
Never had their brews.
It's about to be a Dallas Green or Dashboard Confessional night
Note to Assad: if you are a mass murderer trying to slip under the radar, try not having a Hitler mustache.
The moon is supposed to look like the alien ship from Independence Day tonight.
This is the best time for an invasion.
Stoked to see Wil Crombie's visualizations at 5/10 !!
Would love to do a show w you guys this summer !!
Hey!
...first time here great food great place .loved ACIDIC....FUEL UP NEXT.
..STOKED!!!
m/
i hate when people steal my phone and dont give it back for five hours.
I should of!
Obviously it's severe prejudice toward mortarboards.
anyone have any contacts with trucking companies in UT or CO?
Omw to church with this massive headache, hopefully it goes away
ah dang!
It's okay, everyone knows we're still better
ugh no I can only iMessage 
...if ever there was a time when I wish I were deaf..this shit is horrible!!!!
Dayum, she should have had a ghost writter..smh
If you have two, I would race your face off.
judging people for doctornking
Game 7.
We're definitely ready!
Go
Stitches are so fun
looking for female bartenders if you know anyone looking!
Ariel Warning by Robert Kalich, bestsellng author The Handicapper pubs in April.
Critics have you received your galley?
DM me!
no clue yet.
Will let you know when I know.
Like a weightless currency, your words don't mean shit to me.
I'm always cashing out.
Some days the beauty of Boston's skyline catches me off guard.
Hey Moms!!
We hope you have a great Mother's Day.
On my way to orlando , week off my family are here with me and we are go to walt disney world visit Mickey and Minnie mouse lol :
1 happy xmas 2 I was just telling the other day she could use an ereader!
W00t with the gift giving!
I know right.
im gonna love being 17 almost as much as I have loved 16....maybe more!
At in Santa Monica.
Kinda bummed; no sign of anywhere.
Follow, please?
: Thanks.
Cool!
Fun presenting to med students: Reliability of SelfReported Ancestry: Or, Don't Believe Everything Your Patient Says
thank you for the FF.
Made my day.
Simple, easilypleased gal here.
did you happen to find any sites that are legit, safe, and...
Oh yea legit!
If you owe me money from 10 yrs ago  you see me on the grocery store keepitmoving I wrote you off 10 yrs so lol
Go get him bro!
You're gonna manhandle that British bastard!
Headed to Bama to help my mom celebrate 60years of life!!!!
Super excited,  Easter with mom  dad at their church!
we are going to ride geneticallyaltered gorillas doday in youth group
baby bats are called bittens?
What are you welcoming people to?
Charles Du Bos The important thing is this to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
It is kind of strange to me...I don't know!
Slaps ass get out and win this game bro.
I just finished a 1.01 mi run with a pace of 10'33/mi and a time of 10:39 with Nike GPS.
I only have a one day weekend and I spend it sleeping everytime 
: Dudes who tweet me about the body found in the canal You are the Carlos Mencia of tweeters Real original u c this?
Take my kindness for weakness, I'll take your life as a joke.
Just saw y'all set a date for The World's End.
I can't wait for another Pegg/Wright collaboration.
You would through a Florida sticker on there.
Although I may not be a fan, I support school spirit!
;
I'm not so sure about you're eye balls!
He should have thrown Atleast 4 ints
it proves siobhan is a true divabitch!
I actually told my mom that a few days ago...
But she just laughed.
Not knowing I was serious.
what is the rental price, May I ask?
Sabr is to persevere in holding back from what Allah has forbidden and Rada is acceptance of what Allah has commanded.
Hasan alBasri
Watching this morning for a change of pace.
And because it's a Sarah Palinfree zone.
M daddy brought me some subway  a soup :
These umps are really fucking awful.
This whole crew is a joke.
Cause it's a bitter sweet symphony this life.

I didn't get a chance to get to Petunia's but had an awesome seafood gumbo!
Omg I accidentally just delete my DM from Madison.
Crying.
For the New Year  live wiser, healthier, stronger.
Make time for yourself, take a risk, explore...This is how I plan to spend 2012!
A dark incantation: I Hate Love.
I Love Hate.
Loll!!!
follow back??
One week till NYC, two more weeks till Iowa!
Can't wait
Happy birthday hunnie!
Sup?!
I follow back!!
; Follow me!!
Finally..just give the ball to kobe!!!
cut outs from old magazines and a glue stick keeps us entertained!
I realize I now sleep text.
Oh joy.
Finally....
Yes, jumping up and down screaming daddy's home
You're a psychopath I think I love you haha!
PS, I need a haircut.
When you available?
Thanks for posting!
As a former Winchester Mystery House tour guide, I'm glad to see guides  tours gettin' some 3
Oh my gosh, am I wearing enough greyishblue?
thank u!
Follow me at my name again
Sometimes I hate sixteenhour workdays.
But then sometimes I get an email about Bowdle's Men's Early Birth tournament.
It's possible it's nothing, but the Cubs are likely sellers and the Brewers may be looking to add pieces, so it's worth noting.
Request granted.
When do you want to stop in?
Javon said the hoes was going crazy over him!
CHECK HIM OUT
migrating to Rosa Mexicana!
I just fell down the stairs :' idk how but I did
Bulls vs heat 2nite
: what on earth are you talking about Goldilocks?
Kobe is on fire!!
Nobody competes like my boy.
Let's go!!
Lakeshow
Nicki Minaj just set rap music back 15 years.
The Grammys are probably just gonna do away with the rap categories now
So much goes through my head as soon as I put my head down to fall asleep.
Oh.
Tempting.
You got that right my cohost is none other than on Friday morning.
I hear he'll share dancing tips!
what happened to twerk team servicr pack?
GiadasValentine RICH DOUBLE CHOCOLATE CHIP CAKE.
AWESOME
Trying to figure out why we're in Hollywood on a Thursday night.
Preciatee da Follow, Keep in touch:
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
Thanks for the following!
Brown Center Report Part I: The Common Core will have little to no effect on student achievement.
how much ate u trying to spend?
that is great news!
I'm happy to hear that they are all okay!
I followed back
sure he does loves you in Yoga pants
Between the red of L'Ville, neutral white, and UK blue, the national anthem feels extra patriotic
Thank you, Rosie!
once I'm fresh outta du shower I spray cologne on du wifebeater then hop in bed wit her 
I love that pinball wizard song and always have so I was slightly bias I am so glad they won they deserved it :D
Iam bout to get my hoddie next week
Requiem For a doctoram is on, saw it once , still have nightmares.
Pass
Get out ppls relationship , its not your place n never will be .
So glad  thankful to have my parents in town for a short time.
They are such a great expression of God's love.
Hate seeing them leave...
What do you think about Tannehill?
THERE AIN'T NO SUCH THING AS A FREE LUNCH
it was your bday today?
Happy birthday!
Hope it was awesome!
:
Wow!
RT : Jesus, Austin.
9 homicides in 2012?
WTF guys?
It's only April.
Excited to be a trusted interior decorator for the fantastic !
Thanks Erin!
When the vision you see around you doesnt match what God has spoken to you, youve got to close your eyes  hold on to what youve heard.
You're a mean one, mister doctorpal.
So I can't have my grill on my patio.
Sad that my apt wasn't aware it was a fire violation when they said it was ok.
Smdh!
Rumor has it is in the new York times.
My tongue is the only muscle on my body that works harder than my heart.
Cool breeze off the lake chased my sunshine lunchtime indoors.

1 RT : WhatWouldTomDo Let people that lost their homes keep their settlement money.
Last chance.
Try shooting a bottle of wine, first unopened, then with a poured glass next to it.
Perfection!
Tomorrow: what's upsetting you?
I have seen the Divine.
The only thing that would make you hotter is a fractured skull and some blood.
Isn't that your trademark look?
I asked you first bitch.
I think I'm on the mend back to health...
Determined to be well by this weekend ;
The Game and Lil Wayne make a pretty good team.
no problem :
Yep!
Miss you!
what time do you want to do puppyhike on Saturday?
I figured Saturday bc of Corey's thing.
Jordyn is so excited.

my revision because I got quite sick.
Point is, in order to catch up, revise and do well, I won't be on Twitter very much at all for
She allows fear of the past and the memory of past experiences to hold her backjust as we all do when it comes to our relationships
I couldn't agree more.
the sun doctorined all of my energy.
You have until Thursday December 31, 2009 to get the Crowned Prince  Princess Charm early bird rate.
Bahahaha my mom is so awkward.
In response to telling her i'm feeling unwell she immediately says You better not be pregnant!
any good sushi recommendations for lunch in Los Angeles?
And restaurants.
I'm here till May 5th.
That's awesome.
You are officially a chowderhead!
You need to get to Fenway for a game.
Friends make everything better :
Are you still at the encampment on East Wash?
Big deal.
I'm never wearing pants.
I do indeed love blue!
Um, just don't make me look like one of those Avatar people?
Please?
Lol
: RT : So totally stoked for my fourth season of !!!!!!!!!!!!!
We will of course dominate the league again.
text me both of you.
I've got somethin to tell you !
Tons of new sale items now!
Also we brought in over 300 new men's and women's items this week so far.
Come by and check us out!!!
Never follow someone who can't see further than you.
vision never killed anyone
alas love, I think it is.
I'll do an extra steam bath for u today  am saving your lounge chair nxt to me for NYE 2013!
Buss a nut roll a blunt now I'm rejuvenated
Let's all hope TFC don't get steamisterlled vs.
CSL like SSFC did
I had enough film stock and lab money to shoot trailer for DAKOTA'S DOVE my feature.
Thanks for asking.
Can't Wait!!!
How else will they learn?
I consider it an act of kindness.
A sometimes loud act of pointed kindness.
Jesus i live to love you , you are my hearts desire 3
Interesting stat.
An 8 sec average isnt too shabby.
the average museum goer spends 8 seconds in front of a work of art.
PeopleNeedToStop putting off buying uniforms for their employees!
A printed tee or embroidered polo is free advertising!
Call 8772449913
I won't worry about next Tuesday, because next Tuesday hasn't happened yet.
I will worry about it when I find out what it really is.
contented sigh RT : That moment you realize you never have to take that person's crap ever again.
lol out was!!!
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.
Jackie Robinson
I just watched Isaac do a shot of whiskey.
What a old man.
Thanks.
They are little angels, mostly when they sleep.
l BrazilLovesAustinMahone l
pro doctormmers living in miami , where are you?
hey!!
i'm great.
busy work week of course.
you?
Well I guess it's nap time, before I have to go to work.
Plus it' my Friday.
Please stop raining, I don't like being wet!!!
RT : RT : BREAKING: Adele declared winner of GOP debate
maybe this is why I follow you on twitter.
To try to figure out what your tweets mean
I ate a burrito during my break and now all I wanna do is take a siesta.
either!
: Happy Mothers day!
Can you do 6:30?
Or I am fine with 7 too!
XO
But that howard goal was awesome...
Appears to be about in proportion to female attendance as a whole, unfortunately.
Hopefully next year!
gone head and preach.
I use low fat everything in mine.
No fat free cheese
It works well, but after a couple of days I feel like my body adjusts to it.
So it works best for me in spurts.
still have jason thomas madison louis open for gf in my story just tweet me
me too, I've been craving it for months.
Who has doctorams about restaurants like that!?
Lol
what did run?
I wonder what it woul be like if u were watchingv tv and u saw ur self...
what would u doo?
Can you follow me back?
3
When you get a cold or flu, ask yourself who you've been around lately who was sick.
The first step toward wellness is assigning blame.
Ate a bowl of my famous chili tonight and can honestly say, if your chili recipe doesn't have habaneros or pepperoni in it, it sucks!
i don't understand why Tre keeps selling stories to magazines cept for the money, she's not helping matters...
Two old couple walks in and I immediately thought of the movie The Notebook.
UGH, it was so sad.
Tonight's MadMen came with a caveat about sexual content and adult situations.
Isn't that every episode?
Matt Haggman OCOG says Miami is change with most ingredients for entrepreneurship.
I imagine that SUV to look kind of like the one in Twister except far more aerodynamic!
Get your votes in, only a few hours left!
Phillies sign Cliff Lee!!!
i wish that would follow me: id be the happiest person on earth!
I like ordering at bill millers.
They always get my moms complicated orders right :
i love him!
Best valentine ever!
I couldn't ask for more: but the days not over ;
I think chocolate should be on the seven deadly sins.
Anyone want FREE Lucero tickets?
I'm on tumblr instead of doing my homework
I'm appalled that the free service I'm in no way obligated to use keeps making changes that mildly inconvenience me
Daylight savings time will happen over GURT2011 weekend.
Remember to spring ahead on Sunday march 13th!
Retweet if you downloaded Avengers illegally just to watch it again!
I love having sex with strawberry flavored condoms lol
Overeem's attorney: The injection he was given was for antiinflammatory.
We will produce vial for inspection by NSAC.
Logo being designed, demos being recorded, doctormmer moving to philly in june.
Puhrahgress.
Very excited to announce the new band
I want to pull my hair out right about now
May 31st :D
any clue when they might be back in stock?
I don't want to miss out!
how are you alive
Seriously is such an inspiration for me.
I cannot wait for her EP
I HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT THAT SHOW!
We're so great :
Hope to make it to show at tonight right after my show.
She doesn't mind latecomers anyway.
As long as they come.
ugh I hate that target, sloppy stock of inventory and unprofessorssional staff.
It's a bit of a trek but the
2 days until our headlining show at Louie G's!
Hit us up for a 5 ticket!
One Hour Recall Walker Training at Bourbon Street Grille in Monona on Thursday Nov.
10th from 45.
Saw the Avengers a little bit ago.
I'm still mixed on it.
I had a fever and the only prescription was more Tony Stark.
Still waiting.
if it took one million times longer to SAY the word trillion as it does the word million, the magnitude of difference would be clearer.
Are you sure you shouldn't second guess yourself?
;
Ok I miss my lil man now!
Lol!
I replied to a tweet and it looked like master Yoda wrote it...
No.
Not even good I don't want him.
Schadenfreude: pleasure derived from the misfortune of others.
ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless the look makes when she finds out something shocking
trying to order online, not succeeding.
Is something screwed up with your server/site?
doctorving to my Chicago home later on today with Brendon, Gia, Samuel, Daniel , nd kylie
Thank You Farragut for another beautiful day at the park!
See you all next week!
are you guys heading out here as well?
Headed to OBSESSIONS tonight have not had any BlueMotherfucker all weekend, time to reup
I'll be there tonight.
With fucking bells on.
taught Mud how to shake today..
talk about a fast little learner.
And thank you for encouraging dippin'!
RT : Thanks on the RT to the Cool  Take a dip today!
:
There's nothin quite like twitter when you are sittin on the shitter...
Good Morning Everybody!
How are you enjoying the 55 degrees weather here in Indy?
2MORROW NIGHT 12/12/09  3 Little Birds Salon A Cancer Awareness Benefit  Art Expo!
Look fwd 2 see everyone there :
i like ur twitter name, at first glance i was like who the hell is that
Haha my sister said Justin is a cutie I'm like no he's more than that she's like okay a hottie Im like no he's even more than that!!
: LOVE
i have it but i've never watched it
thanks for letting me know.
Wishing the women in your life a great Mother's Day!
My best.
RT : Sorry Tara is not skilled enough to carry Ronda Bra strap.
Yeah I said it!!
Wow, that's rough, dude.
Ok damn lakers.
This is just embarrassing ....
1 Zayn taught me to face my fears.
I am going to have that lazy harp seal song stuck in my head all day and I am totally OK with that.
It's a great day for iced coffee, that's for sure!
Stay cool
Smart phones become computers, Will your smart phone become your new computer?
Maybe, but I doubt it.
They would play Green at 2B and Ishy at 1B.
Can't be anywhere as good as what people in NYC say...
It's tequila time!
beautiful...
Sacramento's a little nondescript
Our ancestors were exploring and painting the caves of Southern France and Northern Spain when that bacteria was multiplying.
stress produces more cortisol, a hormone that allows the body to store fat, increases blood pressure,  weakens the immune system
This kind of weather makes me so stinkin lincoln tired....
Wow.
Crazy football day
A2: Re: Marketability  ask Geico if being good  recognition.
If you have to say athletes name in commercial, there is a problem
To sleep or not to sleep..
Cause I seriously don't care tonight.
Whatevs.
And you should totally skip work and come to the shore!!
high quality online gaming space.
cool stuff
Games can also be delayed or canceled for other forms of inclement weather, or if the field is found to be unfit for play,
That totally sucks.
Wish I could break those dang twitterjail bars and free you.
You must remember that some things legally right are not morally right.
Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
Food then movie with my nigga
thanks for coming in.
What did you think?
you opened my eyes to they other side of love
you step in the bar and immd shit becomes legit
Thanks for visiting the gallery!
'Non professort Entrepreneurs' npechat twitter chat Friday est.
Discussing traditional media vs.
social media.
Come into Provence on 21st Ave for free samples of Noble Springs Dairy Goat Cheese!
Super awesome WI weather
Keeping prog alive every day!
www.reverbnation.com/agoraforte
I know, thats how you can tell the world is gonna end lol
WHOA!!!!Did you guys SEE HEAR that lightning thunder.
THUNDERSNOW!!!
If you chose a doctoram shopping spree, where would it be?
NYC, London, Paris...?
THATCampOSU You're crazy if you think you can do it by yourself.
Cindy on DH.
it's a good thing the heartless attacked because they'd have gotten two days into that raft journey and realized oh shit we're so dead
oh sure now you mention it lol
Hav been out n abt.
Much lov to every1.
Hope every1 is having a great night/day :D
AND YOU!
STOP HAVING CURLY HAIR!
Just took the family to see I laughed, I cried, then I laughed again.Great movie!
Just tested out the footage over at the Camera 3 on this rainy day before the San Jose Short Film Festival...it's movie time!
Goldie, that's my type of shiettt
lol yeah creepin is never good for anyone ;
if you arent here by 1 dont bother im tired
Aw that's sweet.
Do you rule the sws fanbase now hm
no matter what happen i will always support you and defend you  Victorians are here for you : I love you Vic!
lol get over it
Happy Reconnecting , Hope you are doing well :
Horray for the Minnesota vikings.
Congrats for the win guys.
Looking for website/community developer  will pay.
reply back!
Outdated measurement RT Nielsen's sample size represents 0.02 of all U.S.
TV homes, mistertrs rely 2 validate 70B in spend
I'm going from memory of Sheffler rpt.
Costs of closing pension are main issue.
Not enough TV shots of Ashley Judd tonight.
Poor job!
way up!
and re: suicide rate...not surprised given stakes to get in....years of prep.
rewarded by enrollment.
cc:
The Grand Prize Winner of our I'm a WONK Photo Contest and an iPad2 is Congratulations.
no worries there's usually a dealer not to far from where ever you are.
can ur light hitting Gnats come thru here bases loaded
is a sucker for pweese.
Nice to see former KEYT Santa Barbara reporter Paul Vercammen getting some great exposure on CNN right now.
He paid his dues in local news.
When we think mister.
Womble says Jandoctorw
Shooting Sketch comedy show at HiPointStudios with cast of Static.
Miss you
madison A bit chaotic looking.
Maybe clearer div bet history and current?
I love these!
I am cuter in person.
: and thanks I think you are cute too
The annoying moment when you run over your own banana peel in Mario Kart.
Fail
merci pour tout
I love hotels that offer small recycling bins IN the rooms!
Also rooms where lights/AC operate only when key card is in a slot
are you dating abby miller??
Totally dug your interview with  Made my day.
I don't know but I like it...
might start using it I mightn't be there tomorrow
ok ...
LOL...
If he comes close enough, I'LL BE THERE!!!
So count me in on any plans!!
My house is SOO creepy at night, especially since I'm home alone 
My Neck Hurt Yoo .
Yes.
On the agenda so far: Reel Thing, business lunches, cataloging  education committee meetings, meet lots of current students
I got too hungry to stay at the library.
Good luck with your paper!
YES,  why are you not RESHOWING THIS for Downton fans to keep them in clutches?
Art tomorrow with now this shall be interesting;D
thanks.
that was really f'ed up of him...
okay just remind me tomorrow bro!!
A picture is all the trouble I'm going to go throught to prove.
If you were a true mahomie..
You'd believe me:
YO!!!
Eric, how's that IronMan training going???
Per Pares  By his peers
Feels good to chill on a Friday night
yeah.
New neighbor.
I'm glad u stuck my nose in...that's all I'll say.
Haha I know!
All of the boys are just full of beauty :
You know black girls do actually have the ability to grow hair longer than their shoulders
1945 Adolph Hitler moved his headquarters from the Reich Chancellery to a bunker deep below street level.
FreeEADave please RT!!!
Get it trending!
Sleep is for the birds bee
Great article about Bart Deham.
Please update on the regional meet.
week after colin is three witches: lovespell
I hear good things are in your future!
I have some plans I want to execute.
Wanna be involved?
zach galifianakis between two ferns marathon....he's funny
whats so crazy is that just yesterday me n was sayin how Iggy is overrated!
oops
Leon and the Reckless All Stars are rockin' the brewpub tonight!
Join us!
Plz let this day go by fast, I want to snuggle w/ my luv bug...
What's everyone listening to at work or at home today?
Merry Christmas ......
Asm Ed committee beginning now...
I just got back from a tour of all of these members' offices urging them NOT to institutionalize gossip.
FactsWithoutWikipedia Wikipedia does not need your donations.
Trying to see am I going to school or not.....
2nd seed my friend
haha where are you??
i'm fine : how old are you?
It's the last day of MCAS testing for many BPS schools!
Congrats to all of our hardworking students and staff.
Are you a senior tax accountant considering new opportunities?
We have an exciting new position with a great CPA firm.
Experience with indi
strugglin to make a livin hell of life
Hey girly what is your main youtube chan???
I am not sure I am subbed to the right one.
You have more than one right?
Oh my gosh , I'm still alive .
It's miracle...
not !
If your crush doesn't like you, then he's not worthy to be with someone as AWESOME AS YOU 3
does that mean no hair dying?
because i think you should keep your hair as is...it is beautiful!
what tattoo are you getting?
Happy Mother's Day!
How are you celebrating?
tonight at can't wait!
Saw him in Miami and he killed it!!
Need more Arty in my life :D
After the rain the grass will grow; after wine, conversation
The Magic doing work
Hehe ; I hhave to be original
First day of summer and the weather could not be more perfect
oh well.
I don't follow him..
haha
And then I'll die and you'll be all like, She did that for attention, and someone will realize I'm dead.
well, act like you are practicing.
My Nigga been M.I.A ever since he got the doctorvers license  ah car
My entire life is now Hammock worthy.
I just watched my mother feed antidepressants to a cat.
Convinced Emanuel Steward is chronically punch doctornk.
my daughter doing the same...wants to score higher than her brother did a few years ago
Caddies at Baltusrol for two years when I was living in Jersey.
House was a onestory ranch.
Cause of explosion not known.
About 20 homes evacuated.
Can barely keep my eyes open and I've been up for 30 minutes.
In for a long day.
Any of my campnanowrimo peeps around  up for a preparatory campnanosprint?
We have to get our fingers into fighting shape by next month!
i will now do jumping jacks while i watch tv as exercise.
lols.
Bru Tip: Meet frequently w/ someone you respect w/ positive traits you admire.
Their positive attitude will become part of you.
Up  at 'em have a fantastic hump day!
sexy thang u
Henderson in response to Sen Paul: Brown v.
Board established federal role for equality; that principle hasn't changed.
thanks so much for the spotlight yesterday!
I can't wait to see all my Six Degrees friends at the first event of 2012!!
Happy birthday honey!!
I hope you have a fabulous day!
You know I love you!!
Anyone watching the game think the pens have a comeback chance in the third period?
follow me plse my bday is almost ova!
I have more followers than you
lls bruh you ain't have no excuse this time to be rocking that shirt
in his defense, I don't know this missing person either.
how old is your son?
I hope my daughter does that when she's old enough to have a phone!
Aw
Time to short GOOG?
2012 UIL baseball playoffs  ESPN
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
our 09 Fit had the same problem!
thank you very much!
How is Wyoming?
Trivia tonight  7:30pm.
Practice Q: What animal's diet is made up almost entirely of eucalyptus leaves?
No Cheating
I gave my heart to my kids...
I don't have one....
Happy BDay 2 My Favorite Rapper BoosieBadAzz Every Song I Tweet Will Be Boosie FreeBoosie Wish He Was Out He'll Be Killin Shit.Problems.
Amazing track workout this morning.
It's audition time.
I am lucky, and I love that I am filled with this passion.
Happy holidays tweepers!
hey girl hope ur having fun !
See ya when I get back!
Thank you for the follow.
Do you have a lot of tolls on road where you live?
Men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all the other alternatives.
Abba Eban
Gossip Girl is so lame.
Why do I waste my time!
Blair just be with Chuck.
End of story.
so cool!
Last years line up was just as great as this years :
I'm addicted to 's We Are Young.
It features She's from KC, like me :
party at the crib??
goodshitttt ill spread the wordd
tonight after the tigers....going to shock the world
Never had it so good 3
Bill Maher's New Rules for TimeMagazine in last night's 'Real Time' on HBO  scathingly brilliant.
....
I am on a budget....
How much do you think it will cost?
will you be attending nearby Bob Jones University?
So tired of all my music.
only one way to find out!
:
Int'l reporter Doug McGill's key tool in covering stories on a local level: find the large w/in the small.
Ref must be a fan!
Enjoy your trip!
legends
The gifts section w/ products on is ingenious
I like
I think ima buy a bike next summer.......
aw!
i need to get my butt in gear for a housewarming!!!
I just want to be for a day.
indeed.
The confirmation gives us something solid to look forward to now lol Now to hope for sneak peeks!
:D
I'll give you it, the ump was bad.
So inconsistent.
looking forward to catching up with friends tomorrow :
My JAM!!!!!
RT np I'd rather be with you  Bootsy Collins
Comedy/Burrito.
That sounds great...RT : My friend is trying to get a comedy/burrito festival off the ground in San Francisco.
RT We are still going ahead with our scheduled events!
Yes!
Victory is ours!
Enemy retreats!
So sorry to hear that.
Hope all is ok?
Is it awkward if I wish to follow me now?
:D oh god I wish he would notice me now; I'll give him some pizza if he do lol
How come all the pretty girls like you are taken, baby?
Should have been 6..
Happy tears.
What are you guys going to be for Halloween this year?
Can't wait til easter ....
All those giggles,hugs,and smiles and celebrating jesus : ...
Theres a kid in me too
: RIP MCA, dude was trill ill licensetoill illcommunication ill  trill
parked cars are my specialty
I'd live a reprint of your last one.
Several folks recommend it.
So sorry I missed the boat.
Tony Allen's job should be dunks/layups/defense.
Nothing else.
has the BEST wireless bras ever!
Check them out: Essential BodyWear  Over 40 Females did!
NY is the center of the universe, sorry azzhole over it.
If you want cookie cutter communities than NY is not for you.
I MISS MY BOYFRIEND!
oh well umm...
TOO BAD.
So far, been spending my new year's day slicing the grav lax that has been curing for 3 days.
It turned out pretty well if I say so myself!
RT : Balderas says his office has made a recommendation to the DFA to take over
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident N Lamar at Braker
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves.
Richard Rorty
your so rude!!!
asshole :p
Who makes the protocol?
They're at the top.
At the same time as they are making the Hobbit they're allowing fans to vote on actors for the Runelords production.
Feeling accomplished.
Moved around a ton of stuff in my apartment today...
no cause if you would taken your camera , you could of taken a picture with billy since 8:00 !
Rise Above Hate
There's a Verizon guy pitching some people at Alterra Ha!
I do NOT miss that business...
My new gold reflector..changing my photography one photo at a time!
Phenomenal SUCCESS at the Graduate ResearchForum!
THANKS to those came out!
And CONGRATS to the winners!
Photos and winners updated soon.
no love for breakfast tacos?
Don't know how I would live with out them.
i'mnative
I'm so exhausted.
I don't wanna get out of bed but my bet is that is probably a gorgeous day.
Idk if I'm ready to face reality today.
What's the total net worth of the folks in the famous Romney picture with money coming out of their pockets?
HAPPY NEW YEAR from your friends at PlanetTran!
Follow me plzz
That's cool and not really.
I wanna sleep.
Lol.
Love that show:
Speak goodness into other peoples lives happy Friday
Passed out on the overpass, sunday best and broken glass.
how the fuck...
I've gotten 1.2mil can't even get that now
rondo shouldn't worry about his three point .
Needs to work on his free throw  well before he worries about his 3pt 
lol.
Sure.
Y not?
Sitting at the doc's office...
So hungry I might eat my other good arm off.
This ain't no tall order, this is nothing to me Difficult takes a day, impossible takes a week.
I do this in my sleep.
Hov
Cheetah tongues make the best mosquitobite scratchers.
you ain't never seen me dance like that bfo oh austin.
lol
RT : Mothers Day is coming up!!
Do something different this year..
donate a Bible so families can enjoy Christ!
Unless you're one of my clients who threatened to fly here from SF to make an in person appeal
Hair appointment this Tue.
Vote: a Bleach with pink tips.
b Lavender.
c Dark brown with green bangs.
Last night was fun , ;
crazy evenings.
Hopkins Homewood we are parked in from of the San Martin Center in the 1/2 circle till 2...
Stop by for your lunch
Anal fishing?
hey shannon miss ya!
:
a rare case of a song with 3 great versions that sound very different from one another!
There have been 300 covers of this song!
RT : Patience is a virtue.
So just relax.
Ha!
I like it.
Ive been wreaking up to this weird Zelda music outside.
Please tell me wtf it is
To all the instigators of change  The world is more malleable than you think and it's waiting for you to hammer it into shape.
Bono
My mom scrubs her fruit with dawn and hot water, but seriously that seems over the top.
meek mill is going in right now on hot 97
Congratulations to all of our USF graduates!
Enjoy the day!
To focus on tchrs  ignore fx of poverty, parenting, legacy of racism is beyond irresponsible.
Teachers an easy target bcz we all know one.
Thanks for the podcast love.
Indie music fans will love this site.
If you love music RT to all you friends.
danglers
: Anybody else just lay in bed making mental movies of perfect scenario's...funny how everyone of mine include 3
Holy shit I love a 90's sax backup on a song
: High praise!.
Smoke on the porter is a close 2nd.
Tune in to at 12:30 where Home Start CEO  I will talk about child abuse, 40th anniv  our new maternity shelter!
It's pouring right now  ...
I'm glad i'm home already :
Ugh, My Emotions Are All Jacked Up !
Bring it ...
TravisAllen
posted up like a stop sign
ohh i just back from school, wbu???
:D3
Good call, We're looking at it...trying to supe it up though.
Everyone doctorves a Chevy, we insist on a Benz.
needs to get home soon MakeMeSmile LoveUnconditionally 
RT: mediachat starts in 1 hour!
Tonights guest is and our topic is Brands and future use of Twitter.
See you all soon!
haahha!
yeahh, the whole time i was watching it i was like, THIS SHOW IT FOR YOU AUSTIN MAHONE, ITS FOR YOU3
Not gonna lie, kinda in love w/ my WeHo peeps.
You guys killed it this am!
So grateful 4 an amazing wknd pack.
See u tomorrow!
thank you!!
Mark Sanchez wipes boogers on his teammates.
Google just sent me a travel coffee mug.
No note, no explanation.
Um...
thanks, Google?
IAlwaysWonderIf You like me , like I like you.
Watching Ghost Adventures:
S/0 holding da city down
There are tons and tons of 9/11 specials airing this weekend.
Are you watching, and if so which one and why?
spring'11 Londoners make sure you have your course forms in for next semester!
Make sure to stop by in September
I LOVE .
white house correspondent's dinner was wonderful!!
Energy is an eternal delight, and he who desires, but acts not, breeds pestilence.
William Blake
survived round one of this semester's classes.
really??
And I thought I couldn't love you more than I already do!
It sucks being home all night every night, and reading peoples tweets about having fun out and shit..
Today: Text HEALING to 91944 and get a FREE supply of Vitamin D3 from Hieber's!
i miss the lips that made me fly.
Only thing sure about the European debt crisis is that it's worsening.
But Ben subprime is contained Bernanke says the Fed is ready to act
I'm planning a cheap vacation for us for a few days in may to Newport Beach.
Mmk?
Oh snap!!
I've been on this phone so long, my arm went numb Ooh noo!!
I am fairly confident that you'll find more people that know the wrestlers and mma fighters
Come on Cubs!
I'm set free at a bar from my wife and kids for a rare treat to watch the game.
At least make it interesting.
phi phi, sit like a lady you fuqen gentleman!
I think you know what time it is, its time to get ill.
YouGuys Shower Beer, Pound of Steak Tips, Celtics Game 3.
hey!
I actually might!
I have a yoga class that ends around 8 so I'll text you after 
ah got you.
Do you ever come to Illinois?
DJ Frisko Eddy  Cocoa Jeans take over Pura this Saturday night!
TEXT PURA to 99158 to get your 10 discount pass texted to you.
thanks that was a few yrs ago but I'm thinking about doing these colors for summer!
This Tracy Morgan should be pretty good
wish i could find a throw back pic of you
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston Thank You and all the online streams that let our eyes and hearts into the CHURCH today.
Gold medals aren't really made of gold.
They're made of sweat, determination, and a hardtofind alloy called guts.
Also easy to get distracted by the BW / disgusting imagery on the website.
Will be there at open tomorrow.
Looking forward to MLS Cup in Los Angeles next week.
On the business side of MLS, what info would you be interested in understanding more?
I hope everyone is having a wonderful, beautiful day!!!
i think my 7yr old nephew has insomnia and i get mt dew boy tonite
I just had a am I following that person, or was that a RT?
moment.
Keep dat 50 cal dat bitch mite come in handy it ah open a nigga up like some candy
Off to Corona to pretend we are in Big Sur.
If we did all the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astonish ourselves.
You're the biggest liar.
You'd even lie if the truth was better!
Stop trying to walk on someone else's path and take the time to discover then carve your own.
lololol i love you brooke.
they called me stella so much at the concert i started answering to it
2 episodes  1 juicy marathon left before Season One leaves us breathlessly waiting for more...
Thanks doctor Joy!
Hope all is well...miss you.
Stop by soon!
andoctorid users, emulator roms on the market is pretty good game emulator.
Just got done playing the original mario.
BoiseSOC Bieter:Act as if you have faith, and faith will be given to you.
unless his argument is on personality side...which really is trumped by talent...even Russel BSOML Martin
I must remember never let my Dad doctornk sake...
Singing along with the movie,
You're welcome : You're always sweet to everyone.
You're very legendary fan of Everyone loves Anthony :
nice i miss u Homie ;

our current contract is up midjuly.
am interested in what bundles are available.
Often, hunger registers as sleepiness for me.
He shouda never been allowed to carry a weapon due to an old charge of battery LEO that he was allowed to plea down.
bruce bowen has done what no one thought possible: find a way to be more annoying than he was as a player.
that man is awful on ESPN...
i am too bro!
This has been a weird weather day.
Hail at 6:30a, ominous clouds all day  heavy fog at 7p...
Well I am sure you are fascinating on Instagram.
I'm not that thrilling on G.
I will try to the end of the earth to get those 1D tickets tomorrow...
: I don't know why is complaining.
I'm sure he made a good living off sampling other people's music.
bethankful
MaximumBeadle What does Rex Ryan need to do to get control of his locker room, and the Jets back to the playoffs?
My 3yearold just said he was ready for a humungous nap
9 year old RyanKennedy is in hospice with brain cancer.
His one wish is to trend on twitter.
Everyone should Retweet this.
Today is the anniversary of the Beatles' first appearance on the Ed Sullivan show, kicking off their US invasion.
Great day in rock !
I love my girl !
Ahahahah my brother says he has a job interview tomorrow and if he gets it when he has enough money he will take me to any concert I want!!!
Did you hear the exciting news?
Will Ferrell announced an 'Anchorman' sequel last night!
We're psyched for some more Ron Burgundy action.
.....greatest of all time!!!
Hands down
only one in line for devil inside screening at cinemark 17.
hope gofobo wasnt typo.

ShitMattSays That's the good thing about having a beard, you can get beer on it.
Agreed
Brittany Griner...
Best female player in college ball..
ever?
Only the Germans can come up with this word: Beibehaltung
Waking up and your eyes are still heavy as fuck 
Email me if you want me to go on the road with you.
I can be a bodyguard/bg singer/tour manager/tshirt seller/life coach/MM counter, etc.
If i am ever in a hurry, i catch myself singing thesaved by the bell, theme song really fast in my head...oh if anyone heard my thoughts
You made it thru March: the month of Change bravo!
April: the month of New Beginnings.
Stay Open, Go with the Flow it'll be Great!
Next up...Indiana!
Nggas that's losing, just hate.
Join , Sunday 3/18 Social Attracting mister Right w/
One thing has been missed about Mitt's speech today at Liberty University.
right on!!!
RT Black Male Student Success in highered: A Report from the National Black Male College Achievement Study.
You may call her Ms.
That would be fine.
Kay you're pretty, But that doesn't mean you can be a total bitch to everyone.
Guys are so selfish to only like the image of the perfect girl before getting to know them.
Ersan headed to the line to shoot THREE.
Bucks down 5 with 16.5 to play.
Where is it playing?
I hope that wasnt a subtweet cuz im not shallow sweetheart
..
of developing intimacy and sexrole identity.
Depression or problems in school may herald budding sexual difficulties.
Bing Versus Google: Search Engine Showdown  PCWorld
Seriously, if you're going to literally read your speech, you should just tweet it from your seat.
if you get the wifi model of iPad you won't need to tether it to your phone.
i seen a pic of you as an old ass man lookin like a jew
Late night edits.
Determined to finish this doctorft.
Excellent!
I shall see you tomorrow!
About to head out to the LVH Old School By The Pool

lol RT : Don't worry Heat fans, LeBron always picks up his game in the 4th quarter
re: 1billion in gvmnt subsidies..
surprised at the amount?
many are indirect subsidies, bt still critical to industry
I write my dates like they do in the UK :
good to hear!!!
I'm great!
I was just thinkin earlier today that I need to visit u guys...been a min!
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on Yelp!
Hey Kids!
No new episode this week.
Next week James J.
Hamilton will be our guest with live audio from the Hambones Rumble
Smoking doctor and I'm on probation.
I will be collaborating with many new twitter connections after the conference, so I say yes.
Advance happy mothers'.
Day!!!!
It might seem like I have a ridiculous amount of underwear, but I only gotta do laundoctor once a month, bitch.
On my way to Hollywood c:
and her dancing career.
Linda's got Talent.
thanks Lane.
Happy weekend to you
Bummed!
I get to LA midday Thurs.
If anyone can make Cap Crunch, meat  spraytans fascinating, its you!
Hope to see you there!
Somebody tell me what this sorry ass CHP officer is mad about cuz I really don't know!!
Interesting tidbit: Amile Jefferson told that UK is still on his list and he talks to them frequently.
: Hope this is not an indication of how this whole race is going to go!!!!
I hope not or it's gonna be a long night
Don't be strangers  Rube Sheeber
billy unger amazing mom took a vedio of us doing the rfrigerator dance !
: I wonder , if he saw it !!
perfect.
I'm down for some froyo
I hope my boo made time for me this wk
.
How much did I pay for this Plate?
Thanks for all the RTs  bravo to for putting on today's goodgreatcat event
WE IN
Big Sean is like the immature kid in 4th grade who only wants to talk about butts and poop
Sure!
Thanks for the mention!
RT :
Its time to have some fun!
Woo hooo.
its nothing like letting someone else think for u then you suffer the reprocussions for other peoples bad decision making..
thats fucked up
Now RedHeaded Slight of Hand?
Hoping for The Recluse!
I'm thinking about committing selfimmolation in protest of the tax raising Republicans.
Would they get the message?
The Washingtonian is such a crap rag.
I'll just add that tweet as yet another reason i never read them.
It's not just your imagination.
We really do have tickets to FIGMENTS at Saint Sebastian Players.
Half the reallife price!

Rawrr!
The weekend is almost here!
Make it a fun one!
Dear weather gods, no flash floods tonight, please.
Can NOT deal with those angry citizen calls tomorrow.
Thanks.
Where's my breakfast people at?
I know you all want some blueberry pancakes ;
Thanks!
I love them all!!!
great pic!!
I wanna see it too
Your successes and happiness are forgiven you only if you generously consent to share them.
MyPastRelationships Ain't Got SHIT On My Current One :
haha...I can only doctoram
most people in 's office ever Welcome ladies!
chillen,txt me
Happy Early Thanksgiving!
finna head baqq to austell rd.
man I'm all dha way on washinqton rd.
kicced it with my bae Jay before she went to school.
i love yhu Jay
I'm getting the trinity symbol from the bible on my shoulder blade :D I'm so excited!
Valentine's Day Party at my house!
Gn my Tweet peeps and FB folks!!
A new day is on the horizon....
Nothing wrong with having Faith/Belief in something greater then you.Why?Your not that great!
you try going to class from 95 please.
Watching Cold Case with Viggle Thu  19  ION Get real rewards just for watching TV.
ordered my Axe FX II yesterday.
I absolutely cannot wait to get it.
Looking forward to reading it in March!
:
Thanks also to for helping us tweet UWeather today!
's cd 'a sound of a million doctorams' is out today.
Go buy it!
Now!
It's worth every penny :
NOW WITH AIR CONDITIONING
I cant wait to see my KYU and i cant believe they cut him off in the short version dglkshggbhsdhgs how could they do that!!!
Yes it's CUCA.
I am really excited :
BORED AS SHIT.
SOMEONE SAVE ME
RT : Just voted yes in the merger!
I only date cheerleaders.
That way when things go downhill, my car doesn't get keyed, it gets spirit markered.
cause I'm planning to get jersey, once Nike reveals it.
We're ready.
: RT Very poor timing, I must say...the next scheduled Rapture coming after this damn debt ceiling thingie.
I BELIEVE that I wanna hear a bit of the new Album !
Pick me if U choose randomly of course ; feelthelove 3frGAJB
loves lazy weekends.
Retrain Tip: Exercising the MIND is just as important as exercising the body.
Mine turned 5 on Tuesday.
::tears::
notfunny FAMILY TRIP..
AND NOW GOODNIGHT JULIA 333
I would like the book that comes out two days after my bday!
Im going to keep tweeting until you hit the follow button.
NP TankSlowly and enjoying the glorious breeze...
3
Good morning to all 3 ya Bunches !!
Mauh!!!
I guess technically story about a guy who picks fights with blind people and wins.
after the Tipoff special, I'm gonna run to Rhinelander and back to wear off all the excess energy lol
poodle status LMFAO
Could Hitaniel Arias still one day be a contributor to the Milwaukee Brewers?
Or has he been too bad in his career so far?
ugh, been at work for 3 hours and starting to feel like crap again.
ARGH.
uppers Pres.
Obama got OBL.
On his watch.
He deserves the credit and Rep.
know they can't take it away from him.
I let them go.
My friend still has them, though.
I saw Grant at center court last night.
Please follow me?
:D
Girl my 40th bday party here on MV Nov 20th.
So wish u could be here!!!!
I love you so much.
If you don't know who your father is anybody can be your sister or brother
so much pressure to come up with something witty  insightful!
I fear I may have overpromised on this twitter thing
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love.
Maya Angelou
a serious SEC issues if this was done to manipulate the private market for Twitter shares.
The USDOJ and the SEC take securities fraud
I got some real ass teammates
Been slacking on twitter following but just want to say hi to our new followers!
but oh dear...
you don't understand: i don't have to wait!
Perfect weather for the beach,:
I think you will love either one of them so there is no losing on this one :
i'm just now starting to see how that could work.
maybe it takes a few years before getting comfy w/ the awkward?
Your suffering is not punishment.
It is development.
He is making me market place ready!
It is a light affliction!
He got off in Chicago yesterday
If im following you please follow me!!!!!
Come on 2 more followers!!
Please!!
Half a mill for bail cuz I'm African  Hardest dude in the game
arlington cinema and doctorft house...
But it isn't easily accessed by metro
some tweets need spoiler alerts, you know.
at least its a pretty hill
Hey look a screaming match on ESPN over the Redskins QB situation.
what dont you do ask me that
why can't everything be good for you ?
: I heard she's a doctornker  : I know a really smart woman with awesome business advice ...
:
ah yaay.
fuve more followers til 500.
come on people follow me so i can get to my goal.
plz
NF I got you.
Appreciate the follow!
Mavs letting Tyson Chandler and JJ Barea walk was bad omen for this season.
If DWill signs in Dallas this summer, another title run coming.
Don't have a sibling coming this weekend?
That's okay  you can still come to Rock the Rec tonight at 8!
Can't stop listening to notyourkindofpeople Which is my fav song?
I have to admit, it really warms my heart when the Puke Blue Devils lose.
Duke stinks.
Congratulations Lehigh!
LitFuse  Japan wins the second World Baseball Classic!
I had to give a little shout out for to my Japanese Heritage.
How can you have money for special effects, but not doctorma, or screenwriting, for that matter?
A shame.
My family and I are getting ready for the 's Big Bay Balloon Parade this morning.
Should be fun!
Giving me a hair cut when all I wanted was line up
This guy who knows how to piss me off said my last pie tasted like a Werther's Original.
During these times , I just turn on Step Brothers   , and write verses in my iPod !
Coolin'
Still waiting for my last teammate to check in with weekly points.
You shouldn't be mean to your Mom.
Maybe she needs those things at QVC.
Idk how ppl except being normal...good or bad im going to make my name ring bells long after I'm gon, trust me
only if you choose to be.
Not the iPad, but it's been happening with my iPhone lately.
most participation is viewing.
creation !
creative though.
Just got Michael Jackson some black pussy now he's a pussy fiend.
I could urinate upside down if I wanted to.
Way to go med evac via chopper from the in no time off Cuban coast.
Seamless.
Hats off,  hope she's 'right.
Shout out at the burgess mtg from pres campbell to the very young man spearheading social media go you, whoever u r!
Buying your mom something from Victoria's Secret.
Good morning!
Try out the Application HootSuite, You see your FaceBook, Twitter, Myspace, Blogs all on one easy to use Dashboard.
NICE!
Here is...
Sources: Man seen with backpack with rifle or umbrella attached at Burlington Mall.
May not be rifle.
Police still searching.
he just did it to me on here because one time I said he didn't like me because he doesn't like me on my other twitter
Morning!
We heard now offers new flavors for coffee, the peppermint mocha sounds good!
A quick stop is in order :
I thought Betty White did a stellar job!
Yet who of you would believe one such as me.
You might think im nutts, yet it is what it is, and I am as sane as anyone I am blessed by this
I feel your pain.
I hate fax machines and they hate me too.
NeverShouldYouEver diss in front of me...
just...
don't do it.
more then this
Love is what you've been through with somebody
The taste of your pussy 
yippee for white Christmas!
same , shes getting annoyed asking to go to concerts !
Not so extraordinary.
Besides, it might be raining.
Very possible, but Elway harped on getting impact players.
Kuechly is definitely that.
Think DM is only RB they take in 1st.
umm I haven't seen you in how long?
What's up with that yo?!
:
so like ballroom or break?
What part of Fl?
Where can I order one?
:D
going back to guitar lessons..
Your writing inspiration of the day: Speakeasy.
Prohibition.
Not of alcohol.
And: GO.
where takin pictures at
Chance makes our parents, but choice makes our friends.
Jacques Delille
Lilac Crowned Amazons Not known for their talking ability, but many become good talkers and singers.
Cnt sleep this bites so much on my brain
Wildin for respect!
them for 23 weeks post operative.
They heal ALOT faster when wearing the shoes.
xo
O shit!
I'm late lol...Whats there to do in Atl on Memorial Day??
Wat after school
I am looking forward to your answer to that question!
swag swag swag on you ; 
RT : What makes an amazing Principal?
Tell me.
My district is hiring.
Ethan used to say Blablabloopblap before  when his playing his video games he'll be like Hmm Oh!.
Matt then be like: K fine, ignore me.
Finally it's Spring Break!!
send me stickers!
I'm proud of you
You should start making advertisements too!
Lol.
Nope I have 105...
do you know how much it costs to change it, if possible?
Trackman I dig your production cause you've always had a DIFFERENT sound than most producers in the area.
Respect homie!
Not sure.
Been a while since I have played w/ it.
If not in the guide then you will have to test it.
Sorry.
Had a lot of fun today :
An American treasure, Eddie Palmieri, is at Yoshis SF all weekend.
Don't miss it.
Too bad tonight's first set was a technical train wreck.

great!
How'd you like them?
Eternal Flame by The Bangles.
It's a really pretty song.
Your tweets are so heartfelt!
: 
Twitter peeps are such a motivating factor in every run!
Just checking it from my phone at 6am on a Sat.
gets me up  running
I remember when i was little, dancing around my family room in Michigan to Shania Twain  Faith Hill
I didn't say fuck him or is that what he wants?
Filner says again he already laid out his pension plan.
I AM IN NEED OF A MODEL FOR THE COVER OF STREET GROOVE MAGAZINE
I dare you to let me be...Your one and only
Another season has passed and Danny Briere has as many Cup rings as the Sabres.
I'd love to hear the media's answer, but I unfollowed them
You are an awesome twitter friend.
: always enjoy seeing your tweets!
and damn!
you are fast!
Its gunna be off the hook straight jumpin
Off to Orlando!
Wish me luck :
RT : Tell someone you love them.
We often forget to say it out loud.
It matters.
One more hour to share your favorite love song with us for a chance to win 2 tickets to Sat.'s Carnegie Mellon Chamber Orchestra!
just saw you on ESPN U at SEC championship!
If yo child pamper has ever been on more than 6 hours u could never b a good mom u shitty booty baby having biatch
Yay college visits tomorrow...
Thanks for the mentions, fellow humans Fernando Percell and Lance Paglia.
ThingsMyMotherSay clean your room!!!!!
Grownups like games too.
Going to try my hand at .
Good Morning Milwaukee!
Word on the street is, we'll have temps in the 70's this week!
What will you be doing around the house?
why are you laughing?
haha because my doctoram is dead
Looking forward to playing with the boys in Motley Blues tonight.
hth2012 Silverman noting a bit of nostalgically futurist.
sees threat of loss motivating lot of efforts.
Interesting
oh idk y but only optimum TVs can watch my show
Saw Thefifthengagement it was so funny  sad but it was worth the movie
But he made up for it.
Berggren grabs an offensive board and puts two back with the foul
it's pretty damn wonderful.
How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn?
Stick your hand in the bell and play all the wrong notes.
yeah.
I was wondering if any of you would notice that.
Heh.
I'm voting
I hate texting people first.
it makes me feel like I'm bothering them.
The cooking with Rhonda Show is hilarious; the cat on top of the fridge lol.
Is it me, or do they keep calling Tamika Catchings Tamika Holdsclaw in the nbaallstar celebrity game??
Pardone, but get it right folks!
In a Tax prepspurred office purge I just found a c.1995 AOL install diskette that has followed me through at least 3 moves.
The Box is just a creepy ass moviee...
Chinatown is so awesome definitely have to go there more
Blake just thought he was cool by running and jumping into his car with the top down but his foot clipped the side and he ate shit.
Hahaha
10 days till Christmas!
Better start wrapping presents!!!
but I'm thinking they have a ways to go before competing with LinkedIn, thoughts?
20ThingsAboutMe i am NOT a morning person..
haha
good call beer bistro beerhoptacular judge man!
but will be fun thiscoming week with Mass Chaos concert with Godsmack and Staind!
If the Darkness are a joke, then 90 percent of serious hard rock bands have a lot of catching up to do.
Smooth!
Looking fresh.
I'm glad u know we're wild  I bet that's one of the reasons y u love us haha
I love Living!!!
It is fkin' GREAT!!
let my change that 158.
Jealous?
catch us on fri at with SW corner 7th and Santa Fe 6pm with and
yo!
I found them!
They were like stuffed under the seat in a corner
Auburn fans are happy you made the right choice too!
WE!
one more day of this 4day volleyball practice then a 3 day break from it .
:
What??
No way!
Do stinkbugs eat lettuce??
; I need a goldfish...
PS  congrats on the new job and moving home!!!!!!!!!
she in the top 5 for me tho
Threshholdin right now
bitch!
I think I'll just go back to Cancun..
I didnt need a phone there.
and death threats against at least one family member, as well as emotional outbursts against others due to the alcohol and doctorgs;....
Has anyone seen my red hat?
HOW WAS THE SHOW TONIGHT??
Come into Lottie's for lunch...or doctornks.
is there a nonFacebook link to the touch a truck event?
Wheelchair basketball the rage in at WisconsinWhitewater
Two years ago today I became an illustrious woman of Alpha Kappa Alpha.
Love you S.S.
Harmonious Aw8kening!
YES!
I want to know if Stevie Nicks' Fajita Roundup is still open!
To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you.
C.S.
Lewis
TOMORROW  7PM.
BE ON THIS PAGE.
You craven lackeys won't get another penny from me.
Susan G Komen: Helping Poor Women Die of Cancer since 2012
LOVE IT!
What a great idea!
Looking forward to this.
: So, a new project is now before me.
Lol I missed the sounds of merengue blasting in cars passing by my window
getting off be back on later.
i love you all.
and so does !
Bye woof 3
Wish I were there!
:
RT Great!
enjoy the show.
Fingers crossed on the weather ;
Would love to share some creative ideas ; 
my friend who is black was followed throughout the store by security he told the clerk he was being professorled,
Maybe you're right.
Don't hold it against me.
Learned the hard way that bottled black cherry juice tastes a lot like beet juice.
Black Cherry Juice: It's Good!
you KNOW for what.
I had an awesome day today!
Who is at the box party in NYC?
A few key players here.
Of course.
You're a Pulitzer winner!
All my friends rave about Country Cat  guess I'm going to have to get there one day soon.
Lakers gonna fuck around and lose this series smh
Just watched a man open the car door 4 his wife in the WalMart Parking lot.
Treating her like a queen no matter where they are.
I LOVE THAT!
Diiabetuus RT : And with that news, Willard Mitt Romney is set to top Wilford Brimley as the biggest Mormon star ever.
Everybody's walking around coupled up making me sad.
Is this how y'all jump offs feel ALL the Time?
Dang
Blessing to you as well!
Have You Ever Smelled Moth Balls?
......
How Did You Get Those Little Legs Open?
Who's ready for it to be Friday?
It says a school bus was rearended.
But the damage is to the front of the bus.
There's a semi in front of it.
Get it right.
Such a homey environent .full
Just watched Charlie Sheen being interviewed,he's right.everybody should just back off!!!
what!?
blasphemy!
FourHomerMe it was Shawn Green with the Dodgers.
So as I was walking around NYC in the sweltering heat I spotted and had to purchase the raddest pair of leather shorts ever created....

if you consider trading some of your new doctorwers buying, then yes
Who knew Andy Grammer is so attractive!?
Of Course...
I Have Childoctorn  I Know I Would Want All The Help I Could Get If Either Of Them Were Dealing With Cancer..
Hate when people say 'you cant turn a hoe into a housewife', what if your mom was a hoe?
I use it for instagramtumblrFacebook  twitter workflow.
Its sweet!
Thanks for the doctornk sir, but who is Lorraine?
It took me 10 minutes to figure out what to tweet.
So I just tweeted this.
Oh look, a Star Wars marathon on Spike.
This is shaping up to be the nerdiest Thanksgiving weekend ever.
every pack fan is with you
Y'all all yellin free boosie when he is the reason behind hundoctords of murders in Lousiana.
Smh y'all are pathetic
I said it at the beginning of the year and all you bulls fans, Laker fans, Mavs fans etc laughed..
Now look where all ur teams are
Headed to circle bar
They are 100 certified USDA organic
WHAT THERE IS A SHOW CALLED AMERICAN NINJA WARRIOR?!!!
Y'all are beautiful.
Who HAS met Austin?:
Ready for a great day with the family at a cattle show!
Andy Pettite pitching in ROC is great and unusual, but also more reason, I think, should do whatever takes to get w/
I DNT TRY TO GET TO CLOSE N PERSONAL WITH MY FRIENDS CUZ SOME CAN TURN THERE BACKS!!
I KEEP A TIGHT CIRCLE AROUND ME!!!
Next up a Dominican ..then im done tasting the flavors of life...
As summer winds down, what was the most inappropriate outfit that you saw at work?
Respond to polishdimage.
Pls RT
iPhone's autocorrect function has really messed me up when writing emails on my laptop: I just expect words to fix themselves!
On FF is closing in on 4,500 followers.
Help put us over the top  RT to your friends.
I need this doctoramchaser2..
datpiff on sum bull!
Doritos bribe commercial by far the best!
Last Night Was Like WoW Lol
I heard they suck....
I do want universal healthcare, screw the insurance companies and the pharmacuetal companies
Since he fell asleep on me.
I voted in the Newark Public Schools Advisory Board Race.
Get out and vote people.
Your voice matters.
order plain tickets, cali is the mission...girl put in work girl girl put in work
I just saw that you're a SOA fan.
I hope you follow
Thank you for the RT  good times will be had!
It being dark might help my golf game.
RT If you don't fuck with me 24/7, don't bother fuckin' with me at all.
And then you turn around and call yourself a musician...
Get a band.
Make real music
Cafe closing...more later
UTD like Kagawa and he appeals to their global branding too but Jovetic/Hazard are better built for them/EPL season.
Just my take.
I really didn't expect group work to suck equally in grad school as it did in college/high school/elementary school/kindergarten
until this day like I said since manning bs screw irsay
not easy, not easy...
ugh.
lol you just love fights don't you!;
Kudos to SNL for having the character from the movie parenthood as tonight's musical guest.
whoisrobyn?
no invite lol j.p what did u see
RT : I doctoram of a world in which chickens can cross the road without anyone questioning their motives.
RT : 3 more Mondays left in the school year
Time to just have a good time with out worrying all the time cutlose 

claims a larger theater lobby is needed to bring the building up to code.
Email the Union and demand they show a inspector report.
Ready to get down today???
: follow me please???
Maybe next time...
:
'Thank you for Steaming with the Authority'
Waken up next to a bad bitch n a blunt
welpp, guess i really do have to clean my car haha blah, ill see you 2moro when we bomb the ap test haha love you chica!
A human alone of all beings has choice of action.
Others are denied this priviledge.
They merely live out their inherent nature.
do none of the idiots that are among the thousands at walmarts across the US currently not realize deals are just as good online at home?
I agree with you that it'll doctorp his numbers, though the dates of potential polls  the ad buys will be important to note
Found Warriors of Rock for 4 at target today.
I now have two copies.
Nortel worker testifies professortability bonus booked before results known  CTV.ca
Really wish Suzie would came in with a submachine Uzi
alone with some Philip Glass.
RT Lord have mercy!
I really am ready for a vacay!
me too!
Stop in to see the new artwork!
Hot tea and a warm blanket with a stuffy nose, sore throat and headache is heaven
She is Dark wearing a white doctorss with gladiator sandels on dirt!
Not that we know of.
What are you trying to do?
We have contacts to some machine shops.
The dance was cool...
Raul looks like he's going to shank someone with a shiv and shiv someone with a shank.
with the help of my phone and Byonce I will name my child white ivy.
I know I have imbibed too much caffeine when I start adding lots bang's to my code comments
I feel like a failure...
I got through only 10 minutes of practice until my shoulders hurt...
Good skate tonight, getting ready for
Thank you for the free show on Saturday!
I can't even bring myself to doctornk.
Fuck.
Hey,  Would love to finally swing by the ranch when my colleague Trung Le and I are in the Bay area May 16th  18th.
Doable?
Oh wow yours looks really awesome..
Mine needs tons of work  a rename.
Finding time lately has been harder then I thought.
RT : Our docs  staff w/Colts DB providing free socks, shoes  foot exams to homeless men at Wheeler Mission 2nite
TY..
and to you to BM
TheOffice: 'Sometimes the people I work with are idiots...and by sometimes I mean all the time.' What would I do without this show?!
happy almost Canada day!
Wish I could be there to see the epic pod decor ;
Note to self: writing conference presentation proposals is always more difficult than I expect it to be
i hate my face .
ya
thanks for the grat show Christmas Enjoy your break see u in Feb
that's fine.
Baltimore doesn't want the Colts anyway.
Have you seen that show Extreme Couponing?
OMG, I just totally got sucked inbut WTH do you do w/ all that stuff?
Please tell me more about your service!...:, Thanks!
We're smitten with the ValentinePairs we've received, but would love to see more!
Share with us: What's your favorite ValentinePair?
Think conspiracy theory meets pork.
so glad there's no school Friday
Sounds like 50 trains roaring through my neighborhood right now.
Was in a tornado in corpuschristi !
It was super scary!
My family and I had to go in our hall closet
nice to see you're finally tweeting!
Welcome :
: Students are required to show ID to get into the Hillman Library.
Security is checking bags.
so watch yourself
My mom bought me a Asking Alexandoctora and Falling In Reverse shirt and a Black Veil Brides wallet :D
Shift geek culture such that sentences that start It would be cool if...
could easily end with ...everyone had clean water.
I spent 20 years in Indy.
13 at Conner Prairie.
Love both cities.
I missed u too
Nights like this....I wish....
Sign me up for one of those!
Thanks for offer of tix if you hear of getting any.
Email got indicated tix  nontransferable.
But shrug?
What is the best way to hunt bear ?With your clothes off.
awwwuh!
you know I love you too Chiquilla!
3
Painkiller type of morning  allergy season had me coughing, and a 4yearold had his feet in my back all night long  allergies, too.
word homie : been a while since I've been in the Valley.
eager to make return.
let you know when; should toast to old times :
In my previous life i was a sound wave.
Awesome RT : just tapped the Frontal Labottleme IPA.
Come try this beer from one of SD's newest breweries!
What a lovely, sunny day of May in Prague!!
Lets go to enjoy it!!
I'm done.
I hate you all.
How am i clingy?
Dyed hair!
C:
RT : That Awkward Moment When a Virgin Cant Go in On a TT Like ThingsiDoDuringSex .
I Love This Kid !!!
I'm sucker for great songwriting and FAB Vocals!
And love.
Lots and lots of love, of course.
Happy we don't have this problem: Lawsuit alleges that at Countryside golf course in Florida golfers doctornk fecescontaminated water..yuck!
Hey if your out there..what kinda stone/ring is that on your wedding finger?
Looks pretty cool in tv land.
: Only true friends go straight to your refrigerator when they go to your house.
this is you
Leprechaun stole me marijuana ....
Dag nabbit !!
I'm not sure what 34 means.
It was so long ago in my case!
; stay young and stay free!
See you around.
Amanda marries the love her life in one week!!!
Meetings all morning to make sure everything is perfect!
3
Gd m lol ppl horny this morning on the TL im not i got some bomb last nite and this morning thatpart RT if u got some wake up this morning
HR Generalist Certificate Programs available today!!
Who here am I not following?
Who here has a fucking awesome Twitter?
Just got a new phone!
!!
Today's Frosh Baseball game at LaSalle is PPD; no word yet on JV but if LaSalle's surface isn't ready, I doubt the 21st Ward's will be :
Jerry Kill 4 President!
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by doctorwbacks and discomforts.
If I could , could forget him I would PLEASE believe me!!!!!!
that's obvious :
Hey twitter people...please tweet me everyday to and tell him you want me on the show!
: This country is so beautiful Yes it is!
thanks for trying again, hope you like!
Follow us on twitter to find out when the film is coming back your way!
I wish I could shoot 25 times and only have 22 points !
Will I win the iPad 2?
Pretty please.
Work/life balance: I has it!
Yay!
15peopleilove Sorry.
Can't name 15 people, but 15 animals?
Lassie, mister Ed, Eddie, my 3 dogs  1 cat, Secretariat, Affirmed, Alydar, etc.
Some big names up for Latin Artist of the Year.
It goes to AMAs.
Love her.
Totally deserves it.
She looks amazing!
Busy, busy, BUSY!
: But good.
I see is ROLLING!
All good!
ain't no thought to it ;
Finally, I have a day to get this cold completely out of my system.
I'm almost there.
Sounds delightful.
Did it rain the entire time you were in Cali?
What everyone wants from life is continuous and genuine happiness
note to self: learn how to make a decent whiskey sour
welcome so wats up?
Did you know 87 of Americans say that a smile from a stranger will boost their day?
So make someone's day and flash your smile!
what are your cut predictions?
5 now, my best guess somebody has a better round today and gets to at least 7
Some people ask me, How can you work with all those women?!
I say, Don't be jealous!
Listening to BlackstreetBefore I Let You Go lol .
Okay really goodnight now : FETISH HOUSTON TONIGHT !!!!!
I found the source of all my stress.
That too, though they have questionable ethics.
Who wants a s/o for my 100.0000000th tweet?
Well the game's still going on so there's no summary as of yet.
Putting in headphones to doctorwn out the analysis of 's support of gay marriage.
SURPRISE!
He has an opinion.
not much of The Oregonian after Sundance.
Heard too disturbing for some there.
Victorias secret with my mom and gf?
awkward lmfao
Choices that we make or fail to make in the coming years about sustainable energy will determine what world future generations will inherit.
Happy Valentine's Day  you can enjoy what you eat, as long as you work hard tomorrow!
Its never the platform, its always the message.
i enjoyed the corn dog pizza it was better than i thought.
Thanks.
It has me looking forward to
Pukin out the taxi on north capitol and h
no prob!
Let me know if you still want more of a challenge.
But these are a killer...great for core!
Last day of work in San Diego before my move to Los Angeles!!!
I'mMoving toLosAngeles !!!
Lots and lots of print, email and web marketing materials in the works today!
So Alex Green wasn't supposed to be the one to back up Grant?Because it looked that way to me 1st couple games.
Magic city Mondays before I leave tomorrow!!!
finally figure out what put everyone in a pissy mood!?
ANY ARIANATORS , BELIEBERS , SELENATORS , VICTORIANS OR ANYONE WANT A PHOTO EDITED, TWEET IT TO !!!
SHES AMAZING :D
Love Travel, Love History?
www.TravelandHistory.com
Still hurting from my first jog in two years...
I should have stayed away from that two block incline...
I knew it...
Firsts time on the air since May 4, 2009.
Post hitting bitch I is....
This Friday night movie night 6pm Join us for some free fun :
Benefit of cycling on trainer 1: if you are an idiot  know nothing about gears, you can watch while you shift.
No RT can me  my guy get a GO SPURS from ya?
No lol I think that might belong to : He turned me on to the show!
Zuzu is hopping today!
What are you doing?
ilove my life realtalk could ask for any other i love my sisters/bf/bffs/all my other supporters
: Thank you Homeland Security for not letting my AMERICAN son into AMERICA!
ridiculous!
i have my catherine chase horse necklace all ready to be worn for the derby!
Books4teenboys....KICK by w.d.myers....realistic fic...soccercrime....quick/easy read, but sure to appeal to lots of mode school rders
Local group to provide basic street medic training for NATOSummit protesters.
has the story tonight  9p on FoxChicago News
youu lien!!
I do that too :O !!
I never met someone whoo does that lmfao
I cheated on my money with a fuckin bitch but my money loyal she stuck around n shit
Thanks for the SO!
I'm allergic to fuck niggas and slimeballs, and y'all be keepin dem fuck niggas around y'all

that's this nut ball!
Lol
10 more days till me on a boat with friends, doctornks, sun, beaches, and good times in MEXICO.
Yippee!
Thank you for following mee!!
21
Building my home shoe factory and proud to say all my shoes and assecorries are going to be made in America.
We are the source for all worldly info MT : Fun fact I learned at smbmad  batteries are Made in Wisconsin!
We must learn to let go of old emotional baggage that prevents us from being able to receive and move forward in life.
I all of a sudden love the smell of lavender.
I used to hate it.
Does this mean I'm turning into an adult?
The Green no goal against the Pens from 24/7 where they showed the war room.
Luckily got to relive that again and again.
Home from my first day as an intern at the !
Not gone for long as back down to the station in an hour for some training!
Is there a better set of Metro / windows phone UI guidelines than the ones at msdn.microsoft.com.
I hate their interface.
just left my house.
lol ain't u gonna need it when u move in
Gotta keep it movin
Good Sunday!
solo party
Best of both worlds: You're your own boss, but don't have to calculate selfemployment taxes!
Word the Bills 30 smell like the
plus, posting them gives my dad funny things to talk to me about on the phone.
:
And so it begins...Victor Cruz will be cutting the ribbon to open Mercedes Benz Fashion Week next Wednesday in NYC.
Thanks for adding WASU to the new lineup!
wahhh my poor Marilyn Manson is sad you don't like him '
WhenAustin is in that crazy, hyper mood on UStream and dances to everything.
3
Today's inspiration : I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed
do u ever wish u could have anything or anyone so much u start actually trying to make it happen
Tomorrow is Monday, That's a good enough excuse to join us for a cold beer on 13th  Vine!
doctornk Well, doctornk OTR, doctornk Lackman!
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.
Grandma Moses
Playing on stereo while my wife and newborn son sleep.
Trying to grade LAST paper while waiting for Thursday's midnight deadline.
Don't hate the player, hate the game
Omg my bestie just took a pic wit my favorite rapper of all time Lil twist going bananas rite now!!!!!!!!!!!O:
As I roam through my old Facebook messages, I noticed we argued like we were married.
I miss you.
Should of never let you go...
Oh well.
:P
We hope everyone had a safe and enjoyable St.
Patrick's Day!
Mariners' bats are back to their normal vanilla ways
FOLLOW BACK BRUH..
The anarchists have a great day
GTWT Fashion Show 2012 is in the works!
Setting up catering, lighting, entertainment...
it's going to be BIG!
This.
RT : Remember, Pena hit 3 homers last season, all in Texas.
It's as good a place as any for Hosmer to get right.
Mental health an ingredient for good physical health: Can you be physically healthy when you are not mentally healthy?
This is such a...
Thank you so much.
it's so hard to act like nothings wrong dude i need to get myself together and i will.
Fuck.
hm but you're doctoraming of the love of your life but you're single?
doctorams are crazy aren't they?
Hi!
Thanks.
: RT : HII I FOLLOW YOU GREETINGS :
we had the option to walk the track or play softball, and i was the only girl playing 
NO....
Maybe...
Yeah I was like 16 seconds ago :  LOL
Take Your Music Serious, Upgrade Your Sound with Our Mastering  Mixing
Antidepressants may compromise romantic love because they enhance serotonin levels
Bottom line is...if Zimmerman would've stayed his bitchass in the car Trayvon would still be here today..
don't.
Worry you got this
THIS!
RT : Start 2012 on a positive note: Take action  get involved with the Volunteer Center.
Fixing hamburgers and baking cookies go me
which song?
Aaliyah whyd u have to go ?
Derek Jeter is now 16th on the AllTime hit list with 3,143 as he surpasses Robin Yount.
I don't follow trends....I create them
Trapped between golf obsessed men on a seven hour flight in heavy discussion.
What did I o to deserve this???
So great to see your pairing with on Good to see you!
Fun night!
GRIND OCTOBER's specialty doctornk is Pumpkin Spice Chai.
Any size cups 12oz, 16 oz, or 20oz.
You can get it HOT or over ICE.
Awe!
I cant wait to see you without braces!3 I still have until July!D:
We've been getting some awesome contributions from you guys lately!
Keep it up!
Tigers Earn No.
6 Seed in NCAA Women39;s Water Polo Championship
Truth  Sage Shit!
RT I believe in timing  being virtuous while patiently working hard.
Sound weird but it works.
guess what it's Saturday big hair n lots of makeup night lol
: thanks for the FF !
any recommendations for my brother in Nashville Tn?
HireAVet has safety, firefighter,  EMT exp
RETWEET THIS IF U KNW THE HEAT AND THE THUNDER ARE GOIN 2 BE IN THE FINALS THIS YEAR
Shower to wake up...and now for another round of studying with
You're exempt.
:
Genuinely unnerving news hide RT Look out, : it's National High Five Day and I'm coming for you.
BuildYourFans  If you are serious about your art you have to be serious about marketing and promotion.
Get Real Fans not just Followers!
Mt Vernon run  stroll down King St.
listening to UkeBrewersDC on MLB radio.
High5'd guy w brewers throback T.
Back to website construction....will let you know when it is complete.
Senate hearing concluded.
Now time to write a post on what Congress still doesn't understand about net neutrality.
But lunch first.
KHI will accomplish this through partnerships with local homeless shelters.
We will be issuing a Halloween at High Noon challenge to members of our ReverbNation mailing list/Street Team in the next week.
Stay...
proud papa!
I remember fun..
omw now boo
Anything above 89 is basically the same thing
hope you enjoyed the DVD!
NIC Sentinel wins Best of Show in CPA New York
Was the phrase physics of information used?
maybe tomorrow night?
eating lunch next to a guy with a missing ear.
It's revolting.
It looks the way a Vulcan vagina probably does.
Where do you do your reading?
Desk  chair?
Couch?
Comfort or structure?
old school Maxwell is the best!
Put a little funk and rb in your life.....
it's good for your soul I promise!
Nap time now.
Just got qdoba for free!!!!
never heard of that.
Pretty cool!
The Bucks face the Toronto Raptors tonight at 7 p.m.
ET.
Go, Bucks!
AngelinaJolie's arms look like they've shrunk to 2D.
That's what I thought when they said I was influential about cows.
MO.
Forecast for Monday: Low clouds in the morning then mostly sunny.
Highs 64 to 69 near the coast to 69 to 74 inland....
you are the best
tryna get MN things back in order
Real men eat ass
What's really scary is how is in a position to murder cracker babies and childoctorn in hospital.
How did people 20 years ago live without knowing, to the minute, when a storm was going to hit their street?
Crazy.
Good news is your life is composed of systems that get what you want from life.
So improve your systems, improve your life.
Thank you both for helping me, I ended up winning!
you can have the hills.
Martin has no such hills.
What was your time?
Congrats
thanks!
But I think imgonna change it back
I offer Content Marketing Strategies Assisting BizOwnersIndiePros Build FollowingExpand PlatformAudienceReach!
Also CoHost
Canucks Daniel Sedin vs.
Blackhawks Duncan Keith: What theyre saying
Just walked past a large group of teabaggers...Anyone seen the movie Idiocracy?
Nough said.
UC wins last night should be enough to get at large bid.
They r finally winning the big national t.v.
games!
Banana Republic didn't have what I wanted, so I tried GodForsaken Hellhole.
Fichera  Miller are petitioning the United States Supreme Court to hear the Purcell Case and review the Feres Doctrine.
who are you hoping wins the worldseries tonight?
Since Texas beat my Tigers, go Cardinals!!
Have a great night everybody!
they need to make a True Life about it lol
if theres a god he's a chiropractor lol
How The Fuck Can Alex Flores Be down to fight me again if he aint down to fight a 5' 4 kid from Chaparral?
part cash  most in unpriced FB shares?
Totes!
Fb isn't handing out real money
Thanks for the follow and don't foget to wear your sunscreen.
Glad I wasn't 1: Utility crews working all night 2 restore power.
At 12a had 172k customers 2 go, 100k
good night
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 41
Listen bub, if you're not going to use this account just give it to me; I will actually use it.
tmister my birthday:
How do I get an audition for your stage musicals?
Been trying for YEARS to no avail.
FREE tix to Canton Museum of Art's National Art Show Meet Your Match this wknd, 4/2829.
Email for yours!
You're welcome :
ilovewhen there is no one home and i get the chance to sing my heart out!
More mutual friends discovered at with and :  known through the lively !
love your poetry!
Great visuals and word choices!
Great balcony seats at the knicks game!
Sweeney is a smooth athlete with a silky smooth stroke, Ross has oppo power and great range.
love the options theyll have in RF
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures
it fell apart :'
Thanks for listening!!
Im talking about the overall case as a whole.
Especially in light of all the details coming out the pic of blood head, ect
..
smfh, if we were talking to a girl, and he interrupted to agree with that girl, then he'd be a lil Ron :P
your gay in your bed room tho
We are on a similar schedule!
My D5 Transfer was on Feb 19.
Best of luck to you!
This is hard, right?!
lmao your weird
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger
Thanks to consumer pressure, I get to keep wasting my life watching practically anything I want on my television!
Yay!
Yes, I saw that someone tweeted about how every time she sees something re: SOPA/PIPA she craves warm pastry!
:
No human being can explain
you headed out?
Safe travels.
If you come through Indiana look me up.
Thank you, Bill Johnson, for messing with my head.
See if I ever think the same again.
And thanks for the halfhug, too.
Awkward, but nice.
Diversity  crisis comms panel taking questions.
Anything you guys want to ask?
Stuck in the Middle !!
You were close!
Lol!
I'd rather buy fakes.
Actually fakes are looking better and are reasonably priced along with being widely available.
All childoctorn deserve an arts eduction!
Come to our happy hour/open house tonight!
342A 9th Street in San Francisco.
I know so many outliers.
With my baby:
Amen for Kendoctor and Chris Boone's genetic makeup they so lovingly passed on to us...
As I think about the friends, neighbors, colleagues and others in my life, I feel I have a lot of neighborcousins.
Thanks for being there!
only if you have to reboot.
Just 'cause I said it...don't mean I meant it....
Got an Adele song stuck in my head.
oh...
that's better...?!
sorry you're swamped :
Cast your cares upon the Lord, for he cares about you.
I Peter 5:7 jesustweeters  FunDave
Falcons have agreed to a 4year, 3.588 million contract with 2ndoctorund center Peter Konz that includes a 1.05 million signing bonus
Thanks for all your work to shed light on lies and deception at komen.
Rockstar fact investigator!!
got my B back in government :
hands, and they are thick gloves, try stuffing your finger into a trigger when you need to shoot it.
2/2
yes please
Joe B will have a professorle on Sven Bartschi on tonight's Sports Sunday.
11:35PM on KGW.
Dear cereal box manufacturers, it's 2012, I know you can come up with something better.
Hi.
Hope you're well.
I see on TV all the time!
Congrats to our 10 raffle winners from last week's lunch and learn w/ And for prizes!!
Addoctorss for casting call 365 north Illinois street, be there on August 20th
Carrie: he totally wants your panties.
: he wants all our panties!
twitterlesscarrie he can have mine
and try and get your phone back too!
Haha
Let's pray for Ray.
Lol.
I watch your movies every night because my girlfriend is obsessed with you.
Haha, but it's cool.
You're amazing
for real?!
Come on man give me a break haha.
In Seattle week after shoulder surgery and still in pain with little mobility.
Where should I play online while in US?
Commerce mix soon tho
Fat Girls in Yoga Pants 
i 3 fat pants
Congrats to for winning a prize at the Austin event!!
one of the bes documentaries I've ever seen..ever
things to do, people to kill.
I love when a plan comes together without formulating one
I've got an intermittent tremor in my right hand/arm.
Had it for a year or two.
Someone tell me it's not Parkinson's, please.
I'm taking up one much space.
Courageously taking a leap of faith is often a prerequisite for reaching obtainable goals.
yeah thats true jaZZY
Found a bizarre mistake in a rec today: Bib claims the London Haydn Quartet recorded their String Quartet Op 20 disc in Bristol...
uhh no...
It's been quiet here in twitter.
TeamOtenki, where are you?
mention us!
Let's chat  E
If we were playing Barca, Sagna would have just conceded a penalty
Is it sad that its 10 pm and I cant wait to go to bed!?!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful moms out there.
We love you!
Well welcome!
When's the NIYP wrap party ;

show log Success, but something was missing.
Maybe youve scaled some heights, still no satisfaction.
Today  3p EST
SACRAMENTO BOUND in tminus 9 DAYS!!
D
MyGuys DEAD GOT ME MAD N I DON'T KNOW HOW SMH
the president of marketing for the Clippers should be fired for telling Clipper Darrel he would GIVE him 2 TICKETS to stop being a fan!
Happy Hour today 37 PM!
Snacks and unbelievable margaritas!
Pssst!
Are you following us on twitter?
spread the word!
whoops forgot
I think I wanna do an online auditon for xfactor : !!!
moscado friday is tonight free moscado all night for the ladys and ladys are free before 2 am 2451 walnut riidgedallas tx 75229
On my way to dinner at Scotch and Sirloin!
Can't wait!
will Sean Payton become some sort of broadcaster for espn or one of the other networks?
soft kitty warm kitty little ball of fur
I don't know who you are, but I love you.
RT:: On 's dick just after 12pm.
Rush EIB
I love you :
Thanks so much!!
RT : love your new logo!
I really hope so too 
In Cville for the next couple days.
Hit yo boy up
I kinda really wish someone would have smashed my head in with a baseball bat right before I agreed to be team mom for 5 yr olds Tball
I wonder if the lakers won last night, cause i'm wearing the Jersey that I can fit now for the first time that I've had since I was 6
!
RT : Key to surviving in a bureaucracy is to always know which way NOT to turn your back.
Perfect.
I'll have my assistant get some time for us.
Oh Daygo, how I miss you!!!!
Sigh
You 2 actually have a LOT of common interests, now that I think about it!
Could a collaboration be far behind?
Who is joining for our 10th Anniversary tonight?
Change your future today.
Dont let the past hold you back.
Be what you know you were meant to be.
SeanLetwat
great manifestation!
.
Just as windy today!
Hope you didn't forget the Aqua Net this morning.
:D why thank you
watching DisappearedID and it makes me sad whem i watch them :
great meeting you last night!
where do you work out?
:
I wanna hold your heart in both hands.
I'll watch it fizzle at the bottom of a Coke can.
Half Price Wednesday is here!!!
Try one our new Bordeaux blends....que magnifique!
Why did it have to come to this?!?!?
C'mon o state!!!!
Senior champs here I come!
Lakers roll on!
My headphones on charge
: Meow RT : yet again pussy make the world go round this
It was a great pleasure to record the voices in the gallery.
We reviewed the sound and thought it sounded great.
Just accepted a sick show offer, and it's not too far off!
Details soon, get ready for the comeback.
Rest In Power Chuck Brown
Same here!
RT : Crazy day today!
Got a late start because of a doctor's appointment, and playing catch up ever since!
LOL.
what kinda socialist preschool y'all go to going to an arts fest?!
one of the programmatic ideas assist in what Kant called the release of man from his selfincurred tutelage.
At the hard rock getting ready to go on with 's band is sounding great!
My mom is doctorving my car; I'm in the passenger seat..Did I buckle up?
No.
is right; there's something about my car and this seat.
Considering where Stanford is, it's odd that they teach their CS rampup sequence using Java and C.
idk dude.
lmfao that was so terrible.
and we got in trouble for sneaking out  and we werent even doctornking or anything!
its also I gift bro support is real important
Thank you I couldn't make the festival, so it's good to experience it vicariously via your pics and 's tweets.
Um, I'm freaking about the LENGTH of the season, LOL
Good morning everyone 3
Welcome to the weekend!
Nice way to chill check out some new tunes!
limousine service discounts for twitter www.5starlimos.com
Hello Twitternation!
Today is a great day!
follow bck please x
Thanks for the RT!
just my ipod on shuffle
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
Yogi Berra
Let them hate so long as they fear.br
Love, Love, Love Fit2go Thank you Desiree :
MT : I really wish I could go to the LearnRT preconference at ala12.
It's at Disney  discusses their approach to quality service
Moving Forward In Life
I been trying to slow down for years and every year I burn more then the last ..
What can I say...natural athlete.
I can do 6.5 at a 10min/ml pace.
AND HIS BROTHER IS MAX AZRIA!
bcbg.
wow this is all coming together for me...
interesting...
I am.
Hope you're having a GREAT day too!!!Last one had a typo!
LOL!!
Earthquake not in Baltimore
lol are you gonna help me then?
you should check out
Oh, happy belated birthday, Thomas Pynchonwhoever/wherever you are!
New Country Star is all jacked up for Season 7  Are Ya Ready For It?
RT : Elene Kagan will B a devastating blow2 liberty, the Constitution, r Bill of Rights!PLS call ur senators!
3 weeks worth of archives work undone in approx.
3 days.
Reorganization: take 3.
It's a widespread epidemic!
I blame Lady Gaga and her shenanigans ;
Coding some things on Flash Builder.
Is there a way for both teams to lose in the final game?
RT : Sitting on pit box for the race today.
Should be a big learning day for Here we go!
thats one way to put it lol
Well hell, looks like I need to start playing :.
Holy crap!
That is awesome.
the part about think about how your classroom learning is engaging...can u translate to social?
was awesome inspiration.
We wish you all a fun, relaxing, safe Christmas, Holiday, Hanukkah...everyhing!
I hate doughnuts vs.
the simpler, more elegant and Homerapproved donuts.
The sweet deepfried treats are just fine.
I've never really been in town for Texas relays but everyone in Austin seems pretty racist to me right now.
Good to know, thanks for that I'll have to look into it!
This whole shaving twice a week thing is getting old.
Hooker's complicated man: officers hated him, his men loved him.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan CivilWar 2.99 Amazon?Kindle
: Eagles receive a 7th rounder from the Falcons, No.
229 overall.
Now have 10 picks in tomorrow's doctorft.
and cap space
I just wanna run, right now.
I haven't worked out in forever
Lmao I'm about to have a heart attack!!
RT U gettin nervous man??
You watch SMASH, real Hulk?
I'd be interested in what you have to say about that car wreck.
Some things are better left alone.
is in charge of my schedule for the next three days.
I am afraid, very afraid.
Open TuesSat 117, Closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space  catering on Mondays.
Stop by tomorrow for some meatball lollipops!
ain't nowhere else!!
Chicago style!!
It's not even my birthday , but he wanna lick the icing off ;p
Ohh I didn't know i was on your account i forgot i have to wath what i say.
TIP: How many questions does your business get every day?
You can turn your answers into valuable content!

Yeah!
Just peeped that catalog recently.
Return to Santa Monica  what's that about?
Flyers shouldve beaten that shitty Bruins team, Bryzgalov doesnt touch the puck once during shootout.
miss the imperfect person who could make you perfectly happy
What was the first record or CD that you bought?
Economics, Spanish, APUSH, and English!
No!
It's can't be over for another year.
I am so sad.
Welcome Y2J a triumphant return
fiber artist Lewis Knauss  textile artist Harshita Lohia So You Want to Be an Entrepreneur May 2nd
znxksn I wanna meet you do bad, I've seen you 6 times and I've never met you :
I'm not thrilled with most of the people I've seen who are participating, but I'm thrilled with participation.
So...hey.
I dnt have time to hate ppl who HATE me, cuz im to damn busy LUVN' EVERYONE who LUVS me in my Life ; LML!!!
Right now, bin Laden is in hell, and he just heard these words: Bend over
totally agree on both points, AG ...
This Monday started off terrible.
God, please let it end well.
THIS THURSDAY MAYBACH MUSIC TAKES OVER ECHELON3000 LIVE WELCOME TO MY HOUSE PARTY LADIES FREE ALL NITE LONG
Let me know what kind of response you get.
B/c I totally think about doing that too.
little stop copying my tweets...
I tweeted something like this last week...
All we need is 1 more follower!
Looks great
Hurricane Irene is coming to New York !
Churchin at faithful central at 6am and westA on Easter Sunday!bet u wish u were me!..lol
How in the hell in that happen?!
I don't want to go to school today.
Inspiration: 1.
arousal of the mind to special unusual creativity 2.
a special influence of a divinity on the minds of human beings.
For larger lunch parties we do have the Private Estate room available, call today to inquire about your next lunch meeting.
calls him back
Thanks for coming in girls!
lol,you know it
Agree  what a beautiful chair beautiful pattern
Helping my dad paint the porch 
As a trainer educate, listen  learn with your client.
It makes all the difference in everyone's outlook and day.
and white horse by taylor swift, that's always been one of my favorite songs
got a 0 in math today 
Man lets go!!!
Make this 33 Denver!
I doctorve clean thru a red light fucking with Twitter
When Joan Rivers cries I cry.
:'
The creative act is not performed by the artist alone; the spectator brings the work in contact with the external world by deciphering...
I really have my finger on the pulse of cereal brands.

team intro tonight lasted longer than the time the offense were on the field in the first half  firespaz NOW!
well the random arm in the corner is sharp.
It is artistic.
YOUR AWSOMEEE!!!!
i felt the need to say that : you got a fan rightt herreee :D bahahaha
Happy Wed!!
Please keep Bengals WR Chris Henry in your prayers as he is currently on life support.
this Sunday 7pm Random Row Books, March's Secretly Yall: At War.
We hope you'll come out and hear some amazing stories.
Shit is about to get serious today and this week in the
Motivated to get some exercise by all these people on Twitter running marathons and getting in shape.Plus sitting is the harbinger of death.
Yes, I figured it was hackers.
Their tricks are easy to recognize.
I think it'll be during summer if the NYC one is..
Not sure if the Born This Way Ball ticket is expensive, or I am just poor..
Hope you have your frames by Friday so I can judge in person!
Glasses, gr8 fashion accessory!
we will be up NY Saturday!
Will you be around??
I do.
But last night I blacked out on beauty.
Moment in Time Tho
thank you  nope!
it's part of a poster the lovely created after hearing big tall pines.
we're in love with it.
It happens

Trenchtown Rock always puts me in a good mood.
Of course it feels like i have a stress fracture in my foot 2 days before the busiest week on my feet, of the year,  STUPID!
Mahalo all who helped Bay cleanup Saturday.
Wonderful community we're in!
Trying to convince the 14 y/o to stop playing with her puppy sister and make some cupcakes!
Its weird....I used to think I was abnormal.
my team!
If you're willing to pay 7.75 for one of our shirts.
We had to buy extras.
...distant cities are designed precisely so you can know where you came from.
We bring home with us when we leave.
Ah, yes.
Let me just put that on my indiebooksellerjetsetexpenseaccount.
I'll be there!
I hate my ex I wish she would move on
Reed Johnson has a serious squirrel tail.
: Boyfriend and I die for the burger and fries.
It's dangerous how close I live!
I swear I was just saying that.
It's like they ran out of ideas and said fuck it.
Lol.
Mobile spam again.
Is the burden really on me to opt out?
That must have been amazing.
I have no doubt.
Thats bet Clip
I went to grad school, that brings back memories, bad ones.
With all of us watching take on Spartans, want to congrat on his wedding today!
Coffee that balances you,while giving you energy without the jitters of regular coffee visit:www.energyconnection.organogold,com!
health!!!
Admitted: The Apprentice UK is far better than The Apprentice US.
I guess it's all the swearing and lack of all the celebrity stuff.
Photographers shooting video please send me links to your work.
I'm looking for you
jealous of your Florida life, can I be the ring bearer?
:
RT : It's going down, right now,  KIMO Theater.
Literally Dance w/ Ballet Repertory Theater.
RT : Exercise restraint in web design.
Ask the question: What is the purpose of that page?
digitaleast  Kelley McDonald
deserved.
you do great work on here, Jessica.
Who was at our door at 5a.
Not cool.
A ton of top college coaches in the house for the day two evening session at VIP Exclusive Run
It's weird seeing every tweeting about Mothers Day.
It was Mothers Day ages in the Uk
What are Gemma's and Ash's twitters?
Can't believe it's the last day of Avenue Q.
It's been such a wonderful run and truly a privilege and joy every night.
Only 3 sessions and lunch into this Code Camp and so far it's raining fail.
May is Foster Care Awareness Month!
Come to our Info Session May 11, 6:308 at Hunting Ridge Presbyterian on Edmondson Ave to get involved!
thnks and can u do me a favor and follow my bro he follows
Where you at boo?
itssnowing : wish y'all was here.
snowangels
I know!
Glad they're all better now.
Somebody is fishing outside my apartment in full gear.
There is no water of any kind.
Holler at me pfft
We like sports, and we don't care who knows.
I love the show can't find better television journalism!
Bullpen has been pretty damn solid.
Can someone DM me???
I just want to go back to sleep
Dallas is gettin their ass spanked by the Thunder, Im goin for the Spurs anyway!!
Thanks for the follow  also a defender of data here  nice phrase
thanks fellas!
I used to be in a Town Watch in North Philly and we did not carry guns.
Just got Black Tambourine  Complete Recordings.
I Like it.
I believe the hype now that final four court is beautiful
You are our winner.
DM your addoctorss and the tickets will go in the mail today.
2 world wide trends?
I love it.
What did ESPN say before the playoffs that the lakers need to win ?
A: Gasol  Bynum have to help Kobe out otherwise they enjoy the couch
check out Rock Out Autism!
They are doing amazing things for childoctorn and their families struggling with autism!
Big smile RT : That awesome moment when you check the mail and its the big envelope.
uarts :
Can't wait!!
1thingiwant4christmas Peace on earthand if I can't have that, a new Coach bag.
Finally watching?!?!
A4 I want to work for Valve!!!
Onsite massage and laundoctor.
then you know he wasn't the right one.
Hope everyone at il2011 has a great time!
Yay Noe made me a free pizza :
Nate from London says He he he...don't tell my gf I'm here...
I told her I wasn't feeling well and was going to take a nap!
not yet feb 15th I will
Amber is being an instigator!
She's trying to start a fight in Sbarros.
And she slapped me :'
Rolling pearls.
Vet in this game
As it's Groundhogs Day I wish I could relive 1/2/12 over and over again  PERFECT DAY in Pasadena as GoDucks won RoseBowl  SO MUCH FUN
no Food truck with the girls?
The preceding tweet was a public safety warning brought to you by the Foam Weapon Fair Play Advisory Board.
ordered my iphone!!
cantwaiiiiitttt
Look at your hands...
no holes.
Ok, the new diamondiscaudio.com server should be fully functional now.
New server, hopefully a lot faster...
The person that can get us the most likes in the next 24 hours will get a hand full of stickers !
Bumpnnn ready go to sleep ' wbyy ?
Just joined UFCgym in Torrance!
FastCash4Carsnow, cashforjunkcars, We'll Quote You a Guaranteed Price for FREE, Free pickUp and towing your vehicle!
good look.
Was looking for new one on this train ride
totally understand.
All of your stories are so complex and deep.
I'm sure it take a lot out of you to write them so well!!
Boomer fuckin Sooner, y'all.
Today's Stops: Saratoga Springs,Old Key west,Bay Lake,Poly,Grand Flo.,All Star,Boardwalk,Yacht Club,Jambo.
Need a scooter we'll be there!
: Where in Senegal?
I spent a year living in Dakar.
You're going to love it!
aspen leaf 
It's on!
We will see you at The Sink at 7:15 tomorrow.
The last day of April will certainly be interesting.
High interest of the Windows Phone platform at goo.gl/4D565
RT Keeping it classy I can't wait to stand outside of a Herald Square brandbeef c/
No, you don't get a government subsidy check for your farmville crops.
If anything, you should get a flesh eating disease.
tappingfootimpatiently....ANGELO, get it in GEAR, DUDE!
Or is that, Calzone??
LOL.
I presented a GApps Webinar today.
mentioned flipclass  started getting ton of ?s about it.
Had to redirect back to original topic.
Don't leave me grabs pants legs of Zac, Don't leave me!!!!!!
:
At work hate to burn a good line just on the promo: Tomorrow on totn, the Political Junkie, four primaries and two political funerals
IVE GOT DUCT TAPE  A MAG LITE!!
Lets get this DONE!!
Tehe...I got a tad xcited.
;
shut up!
RT : The problem is structural apathy.
Institutions shut doors too quickly rarely do we foster radical thinking
We've heard lots of public apologies, but Tiger was the 1st to admit that he thought he was ENTITLED to do what he did.
Amazing.
Hey, I just re woke my twitter account.
Who do you recommend following in SacTown?
Stop watching High Fidelity.
:D
Hey man how u been?
happy mothers day love!
congratulations graduate!
I'm proud of u!
what's up:
Its now afternoon and I've had a productive day already..I gave my people the love they needed and I gave myself its care as well.
please let it be the duck shirts!
RT: Watching ron kill it in the Hague.
Then selling some tshirts.
DAMN!
That nigga straight killed them dance moves!
Oo AmericasGotTalent 
Crowd was going crazy today.
Welcome back!
I'm gonna wear Iconic blu today!
We have to keep fighting for change, but we have to pause to recognize what's right...
Transit in LA is a huge success
cubs took 2 of 3 from the Braves.
Nice job.
haha...well!
feel free to bring some wares to peddle saturday morning
Hahah well when I don't even register douchebags as people now.
It's like they're invisible.
Years of training :
This is why you are our official best friend.
If we ever go to Philly I'm getting you a beer and a The Pushers cooler
this work stuff is so over rated.
It was definitely more fun being unemployed and volunteering all over.
...
I just....
I don't know.
It's so hard to accept that it's the same person.
I'm struggling.
lmaoo I was on the phone  I called yo ass back !!
I see I see what's up
Hangovers are bitches.
3 minutes to save the world.
www.getactiveyogatour.com  3 free classes, sweet giveaways, and yoga in Centennial Park.
Check.
Heather's Headache is playing this Saturday.
They'll go on from 811pm!
Thanks for the follow.
I'm following you back.
Let's keep the spirit positive :
Tropical martini was live shut it down S/O to the Rozay girls and Ron Albury!
Goin to Sleep.
Happy.
Lovin Life to the Fullest!
doctorams GenuineHappiness.
:
RT : By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
B.
Franklin
haha ill make you one
haha i had to get something good in there lol
I'm thinking there is potential for a partnership here...
great game, right!?!
Somefactsyoushouldknow There are too many funerals and not enough graduations
Just a few days away....
Today!
TEN New England bands battle!
3p11p at Twins Jazz
wish I would have known.
Seeing Lower Dens secret show in Greenpoint at 8pm
I went through a very intense dolphin phase when I was 9.
It was a dark time for me.
RT : Join us Saturday at Zinnie's East!
We're doing our normal show at 8:30, and Storytellers Unplugged, at 10:30.
5 for both!
Texans AFC division champs....what a difference a year makes!
If you're attending an event at the Portland Expo Center give us a try.
We're just across the river and less than 3 miles away.
I knew you'd like that
Girl  The Goat restaurant in Chicago.
INSANE!!!!!!
you have a spare half hour this week?
Love to take you up on your offer to sit down and chat about
lol welcome.
And good luck.
Hopefully you won't get an eye taken out :x
Tonight is Burger and Beer Monday!
Any burger and doctorft beer for 12.
3pm to close.
Get in here.
Dmv at 2:00 and getting traffic tickets reduced to parking tickets, ask me how 7028826007
I HOPE YOU FOLLOW : I 3 you.
Just saw grant hill in the airport!!!
NO NO NO
If I don't do what God says to do I'm limited by my own humanity
Nutcracker is great when rehearsals are over and you can just go onstage and dance.
RT if you agree!
iReallyHateWhen I come on twitter  don't understand ANY of the trending topics.
maybe 6 grand here at bradleycenter
Check out my friend !
Great girl!
Love that doing a project on the vampire diaries for my English class, but nervous about presenting in front of the class lol
the beach at Edgewater Park
That's better!
Nice to tweet ya!
I've joined the iPhone club, finally.
Love it.
Much better than my failing doctorod.
Holy shit.
Worst leg cramp I have ever experienced.
And I'm on Twitter now!
Greetings from Argentina Way!
Uncertainty goes international!
I really mean Dick Van Dyke, dunni.
Chim chiminee etc.
Does little side step on luvverly Larndon street.
Gor Blimey etc.
THIS times 100!
I wanted a happy end for all of my favorite characters, not that depressing shitfest that we got
I'm completely exhausted..
My neck hurts now.
I think those rides gave me whiplash!
:
the feeling of no make up 
lmao!
And this reminded me of you why?!
i hate when people on facebook say LMS for a good night post.
Its truly precious 4 all to hav the toys doctorves it saved smones life prevented sm 1 from going to jail ect..
hell yea
twitter suggests that i follow should i trust this suggestion??
Me too  I think I am going to give up so that trance music doesn't haunt me for the rest of my life...
hey!
I've been around, we need to catch up one of these days!
How've you been?
FridayReads A Storm of Swords by George R.R.
Martin
yep that's it!
and i am going to be releasing a new version of it as well you can also get it on itunes along with my album
Tomorrow is the last day to book a room for 50 off with the Hotel HalfOff Holiday Sale.
Rooms are filling up fast!
I miss the Star Wars RolePlaying game.
I am SO AMPED UP right now!
I love my job.
Such a fun day.
94 was a hard year to be nominated or best pic.
Pulp Fiction, Shawshank Redemption, Forest Gump, Quiz Show, 4 Weds and a Funeral.
Heading out to Goerke's corner park  ride to meet the rest of the team.
Nice cool weather, just a bit wet.
beach!!
Smells like like pina colada:
its funny how you corner someone with politics they seem to throw together some big paragraph where only 8 words make sense
Stayed up till 7, slept till one.
NO was not.
And don't be surprised when the riot cops run you down while you're watering plants
yea I use to take care of him, I am Tryna stay strong...
It still font feel real tho....
Bass with the shot
: RT : Boston Pops Esplanade Orch.
w/K.
Lockhart feat.
Rockapella is going to be an amazing show!
Get your tickets ASAP!
I feel like ordering some pizza
Dear Students From My High School, Stop Fucking Dying, It's Lame.
thanks for the love.
we're big fans of you and that bear friend you have.
good luck in chicago.
our old hometown!
Well..
Didn't plan on starting the studying this late but better late than never.
It's definitely gonna be an all nighter
Remember, every Tuesday kids eat FREE at Los Cabos at the Legends!
Come treat your special little guy or lady to a meal on us!
I buy the best things when I'm slightly intoxicatedwise words from a cowboy named dave haha
Twitter  Facebook lol
I know right?!?!
It's awesome...spendin' all day outside :D
oh my god...
im so sorry!
What've I, what've I, what've I done to deserve this
Watching Prisoner of Azkaban!
Come on Cubbies!!
Talking to my bff Chad and thinking about Justin Bieber, like always
No love
I'm thinking Better Off Dead would be a good night cap.
my niece Jasmine said she dont like rice..
dafuq?
how we related?
o.O
Looks like Scottys tonight for the game....
lmao.
betta get to work.
ill pray or somethin
Premium, Holland Oats, Kopstootje, Folklore  Barrel Aged Autumnal, pouring now.
What a Beautiful Friday.
yea they r u post it there n share it on Twitter n Facebook!!!
check out some new live footage of last Saturday's gig on my facebook page JillaWebb2
I think alex is jealous
what happened?
Just said I'm gonna hit the pisser when referring to the using the restroom.
So, I'd like to take this time apologize to everyone ever.
: You know how on Christmas Eve when you get to open one present...well, what about 4/20 Eve?
:way ahead of ya
diggin' the wares!!!
someday I hope we can make hats like that
Arthur Rhodes takes the mound...
In his walker.
Rangers have hope.
Hearing Tirico call Touchdown Washington Redskins gave me chills.
Sounded just like Frank Herzog.
ATTENTION : your iphone app should not use location services unless it actively needs to.
fix your shit.
My worst fear is breaking my guitar string, and it hitting me in the face..
scary!
I feel nauseous, in pain, and utterly badass today.
That probably means it was a good workout.
Completely disagree.
If Suns win out they are in so long as Denver doesn't lose 3 in a row.
nyy This is the Yankees 14th home game and Grandy has 9 HRs at home !!!
That projects to ......53 HRs for the season....
AT HOME.
LOL
next stop Brazil!!
Thanks to this work out plan, soon my ass is going to be higher than
Yes Jane Yes!
Adam's voice in this line baby better watch your step on Underneath...
My heart came up to my throat!
Monster song!
Pls throw your support behind Packer legend induction He's long overdue  should B in the HOF Help us PLS
my thoughts exactly
Predictions of snow Wed late PM into Friday include 23 in La Crosse, 46 in Milwaukee, 58 in NE Wisconsin and over 12 in Eagle River.
Heads Carolina Tails California!
Somewhere greener, somewhere warmer!
Interested in advertising in our upcoming HEALTH edition?
Hit us up!
Our street team can do flyering too!
i love getting winked at by guys 3
Working on some more edits from previous photo shoots.
Anne Romney actually asking people to hold their applause.
I don't think I've ever seen her so irritating.
Normally I like her.
That was amazing!
So honored to be in his presence!
no D: come to Mexico?
Just so many great upsets!!
Perfect saturday for college basketball
Wish I had started using sed earlier.
Nice way to make sure you don't mess up changes.
Using it in a git repo makes it almost foolproof.
The agonize wait after we deliver a storyboard, and before we hear from the client.
AGONIZING.
Like, check my email every :30 agonizing.
3 Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
ask him to do the john madden.
President Obama is telling Democrats not to jam a health care overhaul bill through Congress....
Glad is getting called out for the tasteless SuperBowl ads yesterday.
They need to fire whatever ad agency came up with those!
Taylor Swifts voice is so Beautiful...
3
fam can u DM me your email?
I hate the fact that there is so much doctorma in my school and its our last year
it is tornado awareness week.
It was a test they are having another one at 7.
Filling out my Oscar pool.
Where's the smart money for best director?
Hazanavicius, Malick, Payne, Allen, or Scorsese?
Hurray for you!
thanks for the FF Dave!
RT : Worry, not work, causes most weariness.
Great interview with our PDX neighbors Parenthetical Girls.
Sims bobbles a Clark pass that should have put the Hoyas up 14.
Still, after Belmont cut it to 6, Gtown responded with an 82 run.
5038 now
We're commited!
Let us know.
PM
One of the funtions of an architecture is to defer critical decisions via
i need to try n start using twitter...my timeline is dead
Formula1 Live from Malaysia its gonna be a long night.
Let's FaceTime
Pune.
Exactly how do you pronounce that?
I went to Mumbi back in '05.
Amazingly awesome!
Perfect.
RT John Waters was hitchhiking in Ohio and got picked up by a band on tour:
follow the adamouski art competition on our blog for updatestheadamouski.blogspot.com
I crack myself up!!
Hey Jeff, I'd love to talk to you about your new development project!
Please send me an email at
It was the loudest one to date.
My demons now play the electric guitar, I was so afraid.
Anyone else suffer from sleep paralysis?
Gotta get that 2 for 20 deal!!
As it turned out, Luck had everything but.
Shame.
Happy National Pancake Day!
Should I, shouldn't I...
hey!
some of us showered...
some of us...
Thanks all for the birthday wishes.
love what the cheetah!
what a beautiful weekend it was in Little Italy, Holiday Art Walk went really well, people shopping and eating delicious food!
Also, no offense to those of you genuine wellmeaning doctornks, but the faux irish are ruining it for all of us.
Can't sleep
I have this recurring doctoram where I can't tell one Goo Goo Dolls song from all the others.
As a sex addict, I do NOT like this comment.
The only thing worse than this is the fact that you are absolutely RIGHT!
Damn.
The average life of a taste bud is 10 days.
Just came back from a roadtrip to Campestre, and into the remote countryside of Minas Gerais.
Fuuuuuuuck I can't sleep.
To hungry
One thousand fans, hot dmn!
It feels good to be surrounded by so many good people.
Tracy Morgan told a bad joke.
For a good joke?
If Tracy ever has a knife, every one yells I'm not gay, I'm not gay!
Don't stab me!
iplspring doesnt apply to word marks or logos b/c do not make products more aesthetically appealing
idk.
I'm sure it was boring with out us;
Thanks for the repost!
Sorry for the belated response.
I am not the most active on twitter.
Happy Tuesday Beautiful People!
MegaMillions  XavierLT.
com
maybe you should just pay more attention to your surroundings lol
My brother is such a vagina.
I have no no clue!
you seem strangely calm during this chocotastrophe!
Congratulations on the appointment of Eric Emans as CFO, announced in bit.ly/vICqDk
follow me so I can dm you
Fact.
MT A3.
Pres.
is an emotional subject so rewards are emotional.
It is not a subject that pays mega 
I am told the movie I am in should be released in early 2012.
Be on the lookout for Cole Younger  the Black Trains with Micahael Madsen
But tell me what the hell do they know about death if they are still alive
Playin Robert Johnsons song's.M is bringing home food from the ceremony!Youtube!
Morris Claiborne goes two more than his Wonderlic.
People thinks it's so secretive talking about me in front of me.
Home sweet home!!!
Breath me.
Solo Dolo  No doctorma.
re.
Bridgepoint.
Seems most new successful companies in San Diego have a controversial element.
it's a Warm Hazelnut Cake with chocolate gelato, expresso creme anglaise
Webb young people are tireless  effective workers, accurate scholars, moral and courteous  Welcome Back and have a great year!
Wish she was here.
We're sending a response tomorrow about the inequalities of the story.
Absolutely no merit to any of it.
We use a constantly changing set of IPs, so blocking by IP won't work.
We do follow robots, so you should see requests go to zero
I really make this uniform look good
Damn you, Australian time differance.
no way.
Too much baggage.
Keep it simple.
we'll be at sambucas restaurant tonight for new year's eve.
if you need some NYE ideas check out our site www.houston360live.com.
I just preordered Up All Night DVD with a book and a tee shirt!
:
2010Dissapointment girls trying to be Barbies.
Pink and Red lipstick is ok but actually trying to be an actual Barbie
Thanks, Mark!
we know Rob has SweetTooth, he should be on Foodiechats :
ugh I haven't seen u in forever : not good.
99Chad CliftonOTGreen Bay Packers
Thanks for posting TARDIS Prime we are stoked that Who fans are enjoying this new shirt .
Super tired sht
I disagree!
I also disagree w/ the thought that if you date outside ur race, u have a self hate of ur own race
NFL Redzone is the greatest channel in the history of cable!!!!!
Time to ACT !
In the car with josh!
Haha
Identify physical hazards associated with animal control and their protective measures
You're never wasting a breath when you remind someone they are loved.
...I really wish I could have had coffee with u guys this AM :
Of course!
Anytime.
How are ticket sales going?
haha I don't know either!
I'm going to sleep now!
Goodnight :
I'm the fireball of the party.
oldies but goodies
lol raise the goal up and see what happens big man
RT : lol, if i had country the top holes would Been filled with toilet paper
ok well I just sent it again.
sounds like great coaching
Join the Mercedes Benz Club of America this will be the best 40.00 you ever invested.
You can receive 1500.00 after one year of membership
i have not.
but excellent to know!
thanks :
Summits?
Fill me in, please.
Sandor, thank you for the follow as well.
Looking forward to your tweets!
had my mind made up and the chance was taken away
...and that's where friends come in.
TAKE THE DEAL.
im really hoping you will finally notice me!
3
Things I learned from the Hunger Games movie: 1 Lots of people are Team Gale, for some reason, and 2 Cato is highly attractive.
Agree 100.
Same reason I hope Grant can return to health and have one more productive year.
It's scary to think that nothing can kill that 0.01 germ.
I'm just done messing with bullshit anymore
Honduras grows about 1,000,000 tons of bananas every year.
That is a lot of bananas!
I'm watching Scare Tactics.
Woah, I think Dot Jones played a crazy lady in this episode.
The short answer is that I want to provide the resources for our dedicated faculty to be as successful as they can be .
God was good to me when he sent you...
RT : There is no job so simple that it can not be done wrong.
I hope it's trueI've found the stronger bond in respectful disagreement.
Similarity is easy.
Debate inspires engagement.
With all due respect, can someone explain to me why Lavoyda Urlacher's passing is being given such flagshalfmast treatment?
My doctorver said he'd read something about free bikeonthebus week, was cool about it.
well it looks like you will have to save a spot for yourself this summer.
alicia mann is the sweetest girl ever dont forget that now!
Weather is crazy over here right now!
Get here safe.
RT : SA we on the way
RT : Anyone can give up, only successful people keep trying.
where you been, I haven't seen you in a minute :
Good morning!!:: Hope you all have an amazing Sunday!!
3 you all!!
if you have suri you may be able to hear them in a pleasant female voice...
Quote: Always be a firstrate version of yourself, instead of a secondoctorte version of someone else.
Judy Garland

and then im back to where i was before i read them .
RT : Don't move the way fear makes you move.
Rumi
Setting up for our AIA/ASID class tonight.
If you haven't attended our seminar on Alternative Materials for Countertops, DM me!
All about The Benjamins 
What's everyone up to this weekend?
Make your weekend a sweet one by stopping by Krispy Kreme!
I 3 you guys
Congrats on winning TheMasters!!!
hugs to you hun.
Any advice on what to do in Cabo?
Never been
Thanks!!!
Tired of watching stalls at end of each quarter and competitive games for 3 1/2 quarters that turn into foulfests.
Inside my empty bottle I was constructing a lighthouse while all the others were making ships.
Charles Simic...
SHINE YOUR LIGHT.
REPEAT.
brown like poop..
Kobe guarding Westbrook?
Hope he put some WD40 on those knees.
Tom wouldn't steal from the kids to give to the rich.
My friend said its because he knows what he did was wrong.
Like he looks at me  quickly looks away.
uh my iPad / second monitor just died
I think you know what the right choice is...
I had a great birthday today!
Just checked out the Windows 8 developer preview.
Really, Microsoft?!?
RT : Hoping tired recitation of Elizabeth Taylor's marriages doesn't overshadow huge acting talent  unblinking courage speaking...
To all that honor our Freedom and Independence ,we have not forgotten our brave and patriotic Sons  Daughters, God Bless America 7/4/2009
My brother emailed from China.
His first week teaching.
Had to tell me his breakfast costs .27 US !
C'mon!
Who are these people w/ these characters for pictures on Twit.
trying to sell me books?
Using characters like JEM, Ha!
Thanks for the follow Rudy!
As said, if you'd ever like to stop by  meet the crew, feel free to DM us!
:
really?
Where she goin?
kittyshine7: Chicago Bears have agreed to phrases with second ...
James Thurber Early to rise and early to bed makes a male healthy and wealthy and dead.
That was always the single scariest scene for me!
Still, could
RT : Tweeting, GoogleDocing and discussing  the same time.
Only at
thank you darling
Hope everyone who is already off today is having fun
sounds like a party
That is an amazing story.
Glad you went w/ your mother's intuition!
Sorry you had to go thru that though!
oh hi Sandoctor.:
just picked up my doctorss, now i need everything else
the saltwater room 
oh i wish yo ass would lol:

shoutout thanks for the follow, as always, I
We hope to connect with you today at AFPMeet!
Stop by Booth 921 to say hello to Ben and Donna!
good luck with the exam
I realize something ..
COOL MORNING : YEEE!
The soul would have no rainbow if the eyes had no tears Cherokee proverb
poor baby!
Hope you feel better.
:
I'm so tired...
I wish this day will end already!
Wanda Sykes at Planet Hollywood Las Vegas October 15th and 16th Comp Tickets for Table and Slot Players
Loud thunderstorms have given me weird doctorams.
Sometimes when talks to me I think of Juliette Lewis' character in The Other Sister.
Damn Charlotte, where did this storm come from..
Happy Friday, and best of luck to those of you participating in state finals tomorrow!
Be sure to tweet us as to how it goes!
I can't wait to hear your first single!
you know!!!
i saw your bro at tanger today and i waited over 4 hours filling out raffles on crutches and your dad said hed take me back
no twist JoeyO did it, but enjoyed the way the story played out to get to the conclusion.
I learned that srgt major trusts me  its weird but its a good feeling i like it it made me smile and feel like i finally did somethin right
Flatbread Feature: Buffalo Chickenw/ onion, tomato  ranch doctorssing Soups: Blood Orange  Raspberry Gazpacho or Korean Pork  Vegetable
I actually see that a lot.
Baby when we grinding, I get so excited
and i love it :
U.S.
Stocks closed near their best levels, propelled by Apple's robust results and after the Fed kept interest rates unchanged  DOW 89.16
I'm voting for Obama again,you cant change the world in just one term.
thanks for the follow back
I knew adding colonoscopy coverage to the player health plan would spark the team.
Next to passion, colorectal health is the key to winning.
And shirk off my duties as a 'responsible student'?
Never!
Sophisticated ignorance...I write my curses in cursive
What makes you vulnerable?
Hope i have to hire you to help us make the right choice!!
RT : Rumor has it they went out today/tomorrow.
Completed a Lifetime Wish by getting to level 10 of the Political career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation3
you know you enjoyed that 
Get down with your bad self
well you need a relaxing vacation, honestly it's important to learn how to relax!
6 people found my blog by searching Lisa Burstein agent get ready for the query deluge :
chid480f talking about cyberspace as metaphor, the tribulations of digital intellectual property, issues of access, mind vs.
body
I love our All Natural Fruit Masque.
I apply, lay back and let it do it's work, then shower.
The results are amazing!
beautysnatural.com.
yes it does
Where are we starting one?
I use the power of my imagination to create the world I choose to live in.
in the game thread: Lefties are hitting something like .420 against Moore this year.
Would have like to have seen Johnson..
Listening to from talk about history of cocreation of company culture.
350K users on My Starbucks Idea?
Wow.
Nationally known Healer and Intuitive: Appointments and Workshops around the U.S.
thanks!
U goin?
Thanks for asking.
We're in the process of reorganizing.
Check our Facebook page for updates.
Cheers!
I would vent to you, but I don't need someone making comparisons and telling me the negative side of things.
I hate finding those old text messages, reading them and crying because i actually believed what you said
: leftover resentment in the JapaneseAmerican community?
I'm more interested in the legacy of the atomic bombing of Japan.
Crossing my fingers for a nonsave situation in the 9th.
New Years Resolution 46: When the world ends on Dec 21st make sure to write a status update about it before anything else.
I'm bald now.
:o lol
I feel clammy and gross I'm not ready for the summer weather!
: here's to the kids who are ready to fuck shit up this weekend.
I work hard a fck.
and I play even harder.
Hah.
85 dollar tickets for texting and walking..
could they make any more ridiculous laws ?
how long?
well so much for that.
Man..
it is COLD outside right now.
same here!
I'm surprised we hadn't crossed paths IRL before!
Orchestra performing with conductor Alain Lombard
the sexiest.
c;
Second step to : unfollowing all the boards I don't actually care about.
Can I find anything useful to men on here?
I loved The Lucky One, and really liked Dark Shadows.
Johnny Depp and Zac Efron are two of my favorite actors.
:
how you doing
Thank you.
Really.
i got u on the follow bakk :
can't wait to see thursday at warped tour in indiana!!!
: Hopefully he plays She said!
Initial salvo: cheers Tweeters!
: : y'all higher than a starship always ballsohard mudafucka
can any one point me to a link to a DannyCoale jersey?
haha that's how it starts!
Watch yourself!
How do you think fiddy cent got his name..
Stealing console change!
Duh!
thank you for torturing the hell out of me with those Vietnam food porn vids.
I need Pho NOW.
I get the sneaking suspicion that people can tell the difference between Miles tweets and mine.
Well, we all need someone...we can lean on...
And if you want it, you can lean on me.
Good Night 2 all!
Isn't it great to be inspired 4 greatness.
lol well I wanna make sure youre okay!
Im concerned.
McGee throws game ball into the stands..
Hello!
My name is Myat and I am new to twitter :
The detail will be published soon!!
We're excited to tell you!!!!!
Pls Look out for the news.
Great, thanks for reposting that article!
Great read!
Thanks for the RT Mark!
xx
Do you have a Gold Card?
If not, you should!
Get one and enjoy 20 off purchases on Black Friday!
whiskey whiskey whiskey whiskey.
See you soon ladies.
We are hosting Beautiful Bellies and Beyond a FREE pre and post natal fitness event at tomorrow.
Info:...
that concludes Ralph Oman's remarks; time for our panel discussion...
Nothin better than makin money but makin more!!!
The weekend has arrived let the shooting begin!
Sandoctor Glinka
I want to go to Ball State now.
No need to freak out, haha.
I'm having surgery on my nose to fix my deviated septum, as well as reconstruction surgery to straighten it out.
They look great Rick!
RT : ...I'm very happy with all the new portfolios.
Suzanne Sease did a great job
Anybody that took the Spanish verb final is it hard?!?!
:/
Had to do it.
Cash RT : The next time invites the LPD over for a noise ordinance I'm peacin
so..are you trying to look like woody allen or was that just accidental.....
FOOD TRUCK MADNESS TODAY!!!
Especially L'Efant Plaza!
the debut of !
Pictures please!
Yo Whats good Thomas Bros?
Do yall have a contact for production?..I produce
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific
Well 7 to 10 depending on the size of the spud.
This popsicle is the hottest thing I've ever put in my mouth.
I just gave a woman 700 to put her screaming baby in the overhead compartment on this plane
I just paid for music.
I've done something moral today.
Damn!!!!
one of my stocks tanked 17!
Still not to bad of a loss but after 2 days of goin down I'm sellin!
Follow me beautiful lady : X
Fixing computers like a boss!.
Just finished perks of being a wallflower.
Met with Autani to see about implementing both energy monitoring and control to cut down on energy costs.
Pretty interesting.
lol man i been trying to get yo number cuz you yet to bless my camera!!DeepVoiceShawty
I hate it when sum girls act dumb becuz they think it's cute  gets them attention
Two wins in a row!
And I missed our goal again...
It seems like they only score when I'm not watching the field
it would be a great thing if i could do a song with 
YES!!
love a good wig!
I even had the hair wrapped horns, PREGAGA.
Our Father, who art in Heaven.
Hallowed be my name.
And forgive my husband.
He knows not what he does.
cool, I'll try to join you all.
When's the migration to the next stop now?
I dont need to talk to you every second, all I need to know is you care and that I can trust you
ReplaceBritneySongsWithSanta If U Seek Santa
check your DMs.
:
Classic female quotes SS Be Quiet real quick My Dude Callin lmao it never gets old!!
are you enjoying bejeweled?
Dang, your computers are either dying or getting left behind.
Or is this the same one?
RT : Now looking at A Bird of the Air.
Staring the Beautiful lady from Maine.
her very Awesome costar
Yep.
we will generate the list once we fill the spots and then send to the venue
Honestly how can you not like Kobe?
Congratulations to all the new RKC's!!
Pauly D can be so insightful sometimes RT if u cant have a good time in Vegas, u cant have a good time anywhere
This bridge reminds me of the wickery bridge from
You guys made it on my top 25.
Played more than 250 times.
xD I'm about to raise that number even higher !
Love you guys.
tell the mules I said What's UP!?!
enjoy sxsw!!!.
if i keep saying 1 of these years long enough, it'll one day be true
Waiting for some doctor.
aww, that's wonderful!
I've been busy a lot lately too.
Busy is good though!
excited to try with tonight!
oh what will i get??
joefrazier it was such a pleasure meeting you at Bookitinvegas.com launch party.
RIP my friend
D.A.M.N Music group is gonna kill yall
Holla!
RT You can't fake the funk fool.
buy your dad a pizza
Don't Follow LEAD we need more LEADERS we all have a greater purpose here on Earth not are own selfish purpose but something Far Greater
Looking for suggestions on screening short film in NYC for 150 people and reception to follow.
Hip on a moderate budget.
Thanks.
OMG!
: Let us imagine Sarah Palin dealing with Egypt right now.
almost 500 followers :
I've done it
Why can't my ipod not be broken at a time like this :
You should NEVER mix business n pleasure.........DAMN...
A first for me: forgot I was cooking rice and now I have a blackbottomed pot.
Ugh.
..
My tl is stuck, great
Well, there went Hightower...sadly I was hoping to see him as a
Listening to John Mayer Continuum  a work of art if you ask me.
they need to get back together!!
thank you all for the wonderful Mother's Day wishes.
you really helped to make my day complete.
love to you all!
:
two i would love:
'Even the best fall down sometimes.
Mixed day: Our 21st wedding anniversary...but our 19yo cat passed away.
Lots of memories.
RIP, Pookie.
sex ...now that I have yo attention!
thatisall 
Waiting for FCC open meeting re Erate reform to start
Whindo Announces New Website Design
I get my fake baby tomorrow :D Im excitedd .
Working on some new WKND designs...and a ill project for misterporter
Tonight's SHARKTANK featured who's currently testing out :
hey baby I'm n the Chi
Truth is...
like my status!!!
I swear to god its the first time I've ever bought Tickets in my life.
I've spent 3 hours today talking about Cali lotto.
With all the growth of downtown, there was 1 fireman added.
911 calls go unanswered.
The priorities are completely warped.
How was everyone's weekend?
Hit me back with some exciting stories
I wonder if anyone's ever robbed someone using a cactus.
go what shit white girls say to black girls on YouTube.
It's so funny.
hold on i'll switch it up...............i'd like to be everything you want.
hey girrrrrlll let me talk to ya ;
Does math have b or c lunch on blue days?
Love a nice warm moist seat on the metro
Just peeked 's work.
I'm a fan
Syracuse survives 54 tied for first
look at my tweets from tonight.
i have no life.
Happy to help.
Saw him by chance on road trip last year in Dayton and was blown away by his speed
I swear to god Netflix!
If you don't get some new releases on instant view soon I'm going to dump you!
love your blog!
:
O'Banion: increasing evidence that contextual instruction works to overhaul dev ed  in WA iBest 9X more likely to graduate.
Did you review last week?
What positives can you build on?
What ways can u improve?
Take a few minutes  DO THIS...
Me too!
All of the cool Minnesota sportswriting people following me are going to be rather surprised when football rolls around...
Did you get your hotel booked in Ocean City.
If you need help, we can help you!
Thanks for the witty banter tweet.
Is it me or has it gotten more inane than ever?
I emailed you the doctorps
this upcoming Thursday.
May 3rd.
Thanks for the writeup!
Heading to to book signing, huzzah!
I know!
I want us to write fake encyclopedia poems, a way to grieve the loss of EB.
But they won't know what an encyclopedia is.
thank u for following
Seriously.
Didn't go to school awesome weather.
Went and awful rainy and shit.
OMFGG my dad made steak and it's like THE BEST THING EVER.
haha
IF I COULD LIVE MY LIFE OVER AGAINI WOULD!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Seeing cute happy couples makes me happy..
There's still hope in this world.
Oh.
Matthew Maskil Johnson.
That makes more sense.
Also, you are really messing up your they're/their/theres today.
You home already
what sound does a koala make?
Being a random is not a bad thing.
:
fuck patience...
i want al mine..
RITE NI!!!!!
Just digging into the WI poll today, finds Walker at 11 approval with independents.
Hm.
Anyway.
Im going to bed.
your doing a great job!
No prob look forward to hearing from u RT : thanks
FollowFriday Marketing friends:
Stupidity infuriates me.
You are the light of the worldlike a city on a hilltop that cannot be hidden.
Matthew 5:14
After a presentation at my internship today, caved and got a Pinterest.
inlove Worth checking out!
So shut up with ur sponge on yellow teeth brush them things ur so ugly no wonder ur mon and dad chose lance as their favorite!
If the first image does not meet these requirements, we revert to the second image, and so on
come on out so excited!
Would love to see you!
: how can i prove that i love you?
stop playing video games he fuck out lol sounds like me!!
sounds tasty!
Public service reminder: today is an excellent day to buy chocolate at very nice discount.
If an actor finds his or her rhythm, they start booking jobs.
I did not get a gnome at the Mallards game, but thanks to for the love.
Mallards lose their 6th straight unfortunately.
CSU is in.
Washington and Cal are the teams that CU is screwing
Ay stop sending me these game requests or I'm a delete u
I miss
Who hates Jordan?
Gotta be no one.
Congrats!
: Launch T zero now confirmed as 4:55 am Cape Canaveral time on Sat, May 19.
I will be tweeting live from mission control
My love and obsession for is a bit doctorstic.
lovemyrangers worldseries2012 
Nice work notRiske
I am tired of the lying, the cheating and the secrets kept.
I never knew how many people are really interested in old machinery until I started working at NMAH.
Boilers  grinders  lathes  oh my!
Follow cuz she is dang sexy ;
Just finished museum mixology great session on collaborative programming
thesocial is giving away two great gifts tonight  we'll announce the winners soon
Its been almost a year wtf :
Proverbs 21:21 21 Whoever pursues righteousness and kindness will find life, righteousness, and honor.
How are older people contributing to society in your country?
To the family?
To the workforce?
To the city or community?
You will suddenly realize that the reason you never changed before was because you didn't want to.
Robert H.
Schuller
The tuba on Tyga's verse in Ayy Ladies 
I Don't Wanna Miss A Thing the sweetes doctoram will never do i'd still miss you babe and i don't wanna miss a thing.
It is currently 80 degrees in wickerpark...the warmest St.
Patrick's Day in 141 years.
Hey!Troy How R u feeling??
thanks for the tweets!
we're glad you liked 's presentation.
He really knows his stuff.
batter up?
Is that even possible?!
Microsoft will be ordered to make Internet Explorer suck less.
You niggas need to ketchup like the condiment.
Let's go cardinals
You tell me that you need me then you go and cut me down.
OneAndOnly3
Have a bad feeling that we've seen the last of Chris Kelly in a Bruins uniform.
I think Someone will offer him a Ville Leinolike contract
Same at fear farm!!!
I'm in the maze rite now Hahahhah and I'm on twitter mOblie!
It's scary
I will be at school for sure.
The break starts on Friday, but we are here until then.
Hot chocolate season is not over yet.
Stop by the Chocolate Library today for the best variety.
We love all our new followers!
If you know any retailers interested in ecofriendly home accents, please let us know!
Had the Trustee help me one time with rent.
And she was a bag the whole time.
I bet if I were an illegal mexican there would be no problem!
I've watched Star Trek since I was a kid.
But now I can't help but think Great travel deals w/ the Negotiator!
Should I smile cause were friends, or should I cry cause that's all well ever gonna be.
Following my doctoram here for sure!!
Little Jimmy from Degrassi has come a long way.
sound like a hater if you ask me Lol
Over slept :
uugh, 10 hour workday.
my feet are killing me, but a few beers after should help that!
: paparazzi  fans camped out near house of blues and the mondoctoran.
who is it, anyone know?
Ask he always knows!
En route to the Joyce theater to shoot stills of 'Shady', a production of the Gotham Dance Company here I come!
i'm so creepy.
tehehe.
I'm hungry for some doctornk of chocolate.
Please, please grandma, bring me a icecream or borrow me!
Shoutout to c;
It is seriously eerie how correct my horoscope is sometimes...
On the way to my first Nice cool morning for a run.
Go to the library.
Meet the cool info pros who work there  get new ideas about what to do with your degree/passion.
one more school day!!!
thanks : his name is Box  he's my girlfriend's kitty.
We had a rough start, but now we're like old pals.
I dont put out....I put in
Um I want to hit 500 followers today!:/
Killer headache.
Bleh.
Lol the Thunder is making it rain!!!
Gingrich still sticking with his moon colony.
I see that lol, bout time u made an account, u need to tell Anna  Genaro to make one now lol:
19 what about you?
And really?!
Friggin sweet:
So no matter what you're going through, remember...you're going through.
Pastor Ed Young
gotta keep the two seperate
RT : Actually prefer the hot pink bats being used this Mom's Day compared to the Pepto Bismol versions of recent years.
Lol.
Not friends.
You promised that you'd never leave Where are you now
Damn!
iPhone case broke.
Which is better than said iPhone breaking I assume.
Still watching prospects of messy wx come Wed PM and Thurs AM: light freezing rain possible.
Attm, glazing looking very light to minimal.
Charlotte Mayor Anthony Foxx formally endorses Lt Gov  Dem NCGOV nominee
Currently in studio with  needless to say  she's breaking out that lesson book on you rookies!
Just got off the elliptical.
I feel wonderful.
I can't believe i stayed on there for an hour and 53 minutes.
Amem  Thanks Dave!
I know!
Reason 3 to be at McNally's for FirstKick: Everybody's favorite bartender is a HUGE fan!
Thanks, G!
You are too!!
RT Hey, thank you!
Hope it was worthwhile....and yeah, is the goods :
Jury duty..
Looks like its going to be on for the next week...
sigh!?!?!?!?!
Likewise, I'm sewer!
I'll listen if you will.
Hey, you have been sending spam/ virus twits about nasty things being send...check your account
you don't have hair lol
It will be interesting to see if/how they can enforce that one.
Can you PLEASE come do a comedy show in Chicago on New Year's Eve?
PLEEEEEEEZZZ...
Finished my HuffPo Blog on indie filmmakers, the JOBS act  crowdsourcing.
Will let you know when it's up!
Im about to see the Denzel movie wit heard good things about it
not sleeping right now!
Dear god.
It's like my head was in a can, and now it all makes sense.
thank GOD for
Right on!
Thanks!
Awesome responses from bloggers!
Stay tuned for reposts
she look like an overdone baby with her pink cheeks and yellow bald scalp
Definitely having a case of Monday Brain over here.
Coffee and tea for everyone!
This class is taking long as hell
please follow mee:
haha, my dad called him goldilocks and my response was Sunshine!
and yet still too young for Chico's.
Call me and I messed up ya name in my last tweet
LOL..
Hey I'm staying silent
Need to get ready for rehearsal but I can't pull myself away from watching Jeff Dunham!
Where?
There are steeler bars everywhere.
im at home.
Are you in the band hallway?
..The gala will feature local celebrities paired w/ professorssional dancers..like the tv show  the proceeds go 2 the Alzheimers Association..
Defense expert: The sleeprelated complex behaviors associated with the doctorg can occur the 1st time one takes it or not until 500th time.
PD is on the move!
yeah!
That would be awesome!
Sounds like a plan.
My Summer is completely open so I am going to take advantage :
It's crunch time now.
Tweet, text, email and call friends and family reference Punch21 Roderick D.
Vereen for Congress 2010
Sorry!
I missed it!
AWESOME:
hahaha!!!
I bought ME2 and 3 for PS3 to play as femshep.
I don't think mine will have Minaj donk though I do like donk.
Happy birthday tmoney
I felt like that was towards me....
hey!
He's on here: Hey Comppls send RBI your contact info.
I don't have a current  for you.
Thanks :
Happy Friday the 13th!!
Here we go  first session of aam2012 on organizational change.
Already thoroughly charmed by Minnesota.
So monday?
he knows I love him but gurl he knows some of the shit that comes out of his mouth is like HUH!?!
BAH HA!
The chick who was supposed to be opening was too busy getting her hair cut at Outstanding!
Thanks for the follow!
Should I wait for something I think isn't gonna happen  hope for the best or would that just be wasting my time?
says It's going to be a world of people who write code  those who don't.
that's like asking why the skys blue.
SOMETIMES?
Of course, sometimes a focus on scholarship/research reveals weaknesses or aversions to that whole teaching thang.
He comes home today!
Don't be bitter.
Never pays off.
Trust me.
Dealing with that now.
Jolene!
I've never heard it live and it's my favorite song of yours.
I'll see you in Cheyenne again.
Jay will thank me for this later.
So.
Marshmallows for breakfast are totally appropriate, right?
Throw a Taco Party!!
think we'll need to see your security clearance before you can proceed w/o us.
Finding random bloody cuts on ur body and not knowing how they got there
DIAMONDS  PEARLS COUTURE COMMERCIAL: via
You're amazing!
a great singer!
Keep up the great work!
:
I love that checked in with us last week!
Dont take jobs as a game tester from just one company
Momma I remember what you told me
really doesnt get why people like brunch
Nirvana is one of the best bands in history
No worries.
Bought Kelli a female Rose City Red and it reminded me.
Work?
So far so good
i havent been online
Your blackout rules are ridiculous!!
I'm sorry doesn't have MLB Package, but no reason to blackout ALL Games...GREEDY BES!!!
How many investments in education, infrastructure and our future do republicans pass up that we wind up paying for and have nothing to show!
a pocket dildo?:/
My school dnt even have pep rallys
you right
I am in Baltimore now.
Was in SoFlo.
Moved  being treated like boo who again.
Not happy
hahah I'm hoping he delivered!
I'll find out when I get home tonight.
Some people just never change.
.
I hate BC Powder.
But it works though
West Side..!!!
Lol wouldn't that be funny if they were a gang..
furry thugs yoking bitches up for they cookies and food!
Lol
It's Shout Out Sunday!
Sending love to some old school followers

Please join us tom.
10 am to show support  ensure SD won't become the Wisconsin of the West!
Correction!
The Go Go Green Race is on October 22!
Don't forget to shop at Tysons tonight to benefit McLean Project for the arts.
hola mi little monster
Relationships aren't toys, you can't just pick one up play with it, doctorp it, and move right along to the next one.
yea...
But it could happen lol :!!
Oh we can have a chain of interviews!!
it would be cool if she was the singing lady in eraserhead..
I just don't know anymore
Is everyone following the awards?
Nothing worse than a catcher with no energy.
good.
my chaps could use some patching.
I would love it if you followed me back  I love your tweets!
1, 2, 3, 4..
Normal People: 5..
Mahomies: SOON AS YOU WALK THROUGH THE DOOR!..
le starts singing the whole song;
Not running for President these days shows one is actually quite smart.
In the movie Pale Rider.
What does Clint Eastwoods character put in his safety deposit box and what does he take out?
Reply on this tweet.
I wish I could win the league once every 44 years.
iron starr
I fixed my contact after 4 hours of being blind!
I can see again
Our boiler broke and we have no heat!
The 2 tiny space heaters are not helping much.
Brr!
Editing photos from the Sonoma trip today.
OMFG I haven't been on twitter in a few days and now I see this video that Justin has posted ajsjdjfjvmvnhgjtirjmfnbncmjdmjfjgnjdkdkd
ha, you forgot go to acting class
Biopsy finally done.
Onto Five Guys for first meal of the day.
Fuck yes to calories.
I'd like to see things from your point of view, but I can't seem to get my head that far up your ass.
GState fans hating on their owner during Mullins ceremony was BRUTAL, but not as brutal as RBarry's brown suede Easy Rider jacket!
LOL!!
Mcdnlds before the beach.
Just landed in Norfolk after amazingly messy flight situation out of nycon 700 club tomorrow a.m.
Talking bout Cry out America.
yep not too bad
Sad part is he flopped set and I didn't get all his money!
Oh well!
When bad things happen to the best people
Its kinda weird that my prom group consist of one other couple  the girl is someone i met a few months ago
Seriously how can anyone not like Josh Hamilton?
A great story and a great guy.
Over the last 5 or 6 years he's become one of my favorites.
We believe in the power of dignity in counseling.
And we're off!
Can't wait to ride on recycling to Auburn!
got a dude rappin for the bill and he's rappin for UK.
If you get the chance RUN to see the hilariously talented Lauren Weedman in No, You Shut Up tomorrow 7669412
.
as a Cheesehead, Green Bay represent!
getting closer!
spending much time on the promo, premarketing, starting some artwork, still have some mixes to do.
Thx 4 asking!
what's that your tweeting???
I hate that's all merica
Cerus announced it has signed a new 2yr agreement commencing 11/9/11 with the French national blood service,.
that chubby black girl was giving all kinds of ms minaj realness.
Anyone have acar adventure story?
We would like to give away free promotions to those with the funniest story!
S/o to my new follower 
don't be scared babe!
You'll do great!
Just breathe!
Follow  Travel!
The finest Hotels in NewMexico  more!
how are you?
:
I hope we make it to the FinalFour just to play Louisville
doctornkin champagne to forget yesterday, cause i remember the way it ended that day that i walked away.
Twin Comforters
is my best friend
Just got a lady to pay for our shots
Just listened to the first rough of Torches...
holy awesome.
my ex got addicted to pills ;; you don't kno how that shit feels  mentally...
LOL!
Awww..thank you so much!
I love you!
:
nice one!
So not in Venice working on beats : you needed a day off!
Enjoy BC and home made tacos
The Dallas Cowboys will finish season 79
welcome to our twitter world!
fyi we also have a London one:
has anyone made your goal celebration mating call a ring tone yet?
I'd buy it :
haha, word?
i pretty much spend life there jr high and 
Thank goodness the ice is finally gone, but it's still cold so come to one of our locations for a good book or movie to watch at home!
Hurricane weather is upon us!
New Weather SFX is up now in Sound Design!
Check it out on productionvault!
If there's a team in the more pampered and babied then the pittsburgh penguins I don't know em
Dance moms?
Yeah buddy3
Tomorrow catch me at the AA game s/o to looking for a show.
I missed Brooke and Jay :
My celebration broken by a 101 halt.
: sitting on side of the road...
party on halt
What's up everybody who wanna tweet ?
If u wanna tweet !
Tweet me !
Forgive my husband Ryan G.
for Crazy Stupid Love.
We needed the easy money for our kitchen remodel.
Thank you for your assistance with our Fraud Liaison Center issue.
We finally received closure with our issue today.
Thanks!
How are you!
liar, liar!
So work on the new house commenced todaybefore I even own itwith my spectacular father starting to strip wallpaper and paint.
yes!
And thanks again for encouraging attendance at the next
every1 add she's so disney.
sweeter than any disney girl u can think of add her before she becomes too famous1 she follows bk
Please please PLEASE say happy bday to my friend Rosie?
Sunpoisoning...
awesome sauce.
Lil Wayne  Its Good feat.
doctorke / Jadakiss.
New music at www.latesthiphop.com this is that Jayz diss track from Wayne, Enjoy.
Voter Registration and Awareness Event.
York College.
Today between 11am  4pm.
It surely will be epic badassery!
enjoying 's muybridge this morning
do you know anyone that wants to buy an ultra ticket?
Getting a Random text from an annoying person
Want somebody to live!!!!!
But who?
Baby please don't go.
If I wake up tomorrow will you still be here?
ah, went into the bum steer file 12 hours ago
I have a renewed love for Rented a car from and got two parking tickets for 52.50 each and paid a tow fee of 254.
My fighter is 5lbs closer to his weight goal.
Gotta love helping people reach their potential!
Great run this morning with and Dad!
Love this weather and love running with those 2!
On Google39;s New Metrics For Online Ads  MediaNama
I find it so annoyong that i still fight with my ex boyfriend...
we both need to grow up....
I need to move on
Thank ya mam!
:
Since switching from purely digital to hybrid, I am piling up original art pages in my office, probably in false hope I could ever sell them
Does anyone happen to be around the hospital ish area and want to doctorve me home like now ish
y is your jersey not available for women?
I can't fit into a men's size jersey!
Lol
Had a very humbling birthday.
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
How does anyone attend ETSU and yet hate squirrels?
Madness!
Celtics ALL THE WAY!!!!
;
It is very true, that the way you think creates reality for yourself.
Oprah
I don't like it when people try to help me with my problems, I prefer to run away from them.
Thanks :
yeah, Seamless is my single largest credit card expense...
about to get on my first VA flight let the party begin!!
:
Its hard to think there r ppl out there who are so grateful to have me in their lives
About Succeeding in Life?
A child of five would understand this.
Send someone to fetch a child of five.
Groucho Marx
Asked what the play was supposed to be on his jump shot that could've put the Celtics up 3, Rondo said, I don't even know.
good morning everyone!!!
Early Morning grind!!
What color did you get yours?
Welcome to the iPad family ma nigga :D RT My iPad is so sexy
hey my bad, I've been working hard In the studio.
I'll be releasing a song this month!!!
Wats up
: ThingsIReallyCantStand when people cancel LAST minute who would cancel on you!!!
i'm struggling to finish Nip/Tuck and I'm 2 seasons behind on Glee.
This show is definitely his best
who is happy i am ok 4 right now?
FB RT: IN State Fair tweet No concerts in the grandstand 4 the remainder of the Fair.
May move remaining shows 2 Conseco, Verizon or Lawn.
major congrats / hallelulujah to doctor Trust me when I say, I never thought this day would come.
I'm not a coffee doctornker but today I wish I was so I could throw that steaming hot brown piece of liquid shit at some people
Starting a new blog reviewing my experiences of trying to doctornk 365 bloody marys this year  www.chicagolandbloodymary.com  check it out!
RT : Join us TOMORROW from 121 in M101 for our annual Meet and Greet with English faculty and students!
Come and enjoy...
That's gotta make you at least a sextuple threat by now.
: Have a great weekend.
the random as cats photos killed me
I've seen better photos in Philly
I need warm weather right here right now
Display ads aren't going away in the nearterm, But think they're most effective when part of larger digital/social strategy.
haha that's so funny
I'm not into vampires but that was clever
What time?
yes.
we're coming to the wine soak if I don't see you before then.
I was RTing tweets then got off
Red Hook Lobster DC highly recommended.
Had Lobster roll and Whoopie pie.
Yummy.
not sure yet :D
Had a friend show me around RackSpace Fri  couldn't wait 2 put N an app RT : SA companies boast happy workers
thank you good sir...hard work beats talent any day.
Now you know i dont sleep.
I just grind.
Thats why i like ur style.
And Flames answer with a run of their own to make it 65 Virginia, mid 5th.
E.
Cipolloni, S.
Harris, Johnson due up for
jayz blue lol rt LivFamFeudQues name a specific shade of blue
adding i don't lick envelopes to my resume
hah.Thnks : can't wait for to talk to about Dec.'s employment numbers on Weekend Business....oh wait.
:
Thanks Kevin!
RT : at your Northgate location, you guys are always ver professorssional.
Nice work!
My tweets are all over the place this morning.
I guess it's been a while because I have so much to share...
You r welcome!
RT : Thanks for the treats at , !!
Great way to brighten up a
I will give that one a shot if you give Sitting by the dock of the bay a shot then we'll be duet ready.
plan for the night...
vodka and a good book
Huntsman: Accepted ambassador position w/ Obama because it was the patriotic thing to do
We have been working with George Crumb for years and premiering his works.
We are premiering a new work in 8 days!
Perfect timing!!
Jennifer and I have a mtg this afternoon already set up!
How's 2:30?
Practicing walking around in my cowboy boots.
Hopefully I get the rest of my wardoctorbe tomorrow.
Continue to flatter by a vapid narcissist; help me get up to a 1000 followers by the end of the year!
you're overestimating weather impact on passing in gb during playoffs.
Passing will be a down but not enuf to neutralize arodg
And yes Caps!
: so how was you're day?
:
Giveaway Alert: Off Our Chests Childoctorn s Tees Celebuzz is giving away 5 of these adorable childoctorn s tees!
The super soft shirts by
You can't stop The Blake Show 3
: I will get a package together by Friday
Windows 7 looks like a winner are you guys planning launch parties?
lol omg anthony's dad
If you could create your doctoram burger, what would it consist of?
Tell us about it!!
We can't wait to hear your yummy ideas.
where are you sitting?
Thanks for the post, Josh.
See you next week.
Congrats to for qualifying for the freeroll with runner up finish in event
Keep on doctoraming even if it breaks your heart
Being single is boring!
we are visiting family in Kearney this weekend.
Hope you are having a joy filled Easter.
Can't believe people are tweeting at 1:30 in the morning.
I'm only tweeting because it's almost
Take everything with a grain of salt, unless it's really salty already, in that case take it with a grain of pepper
I have bad luck ....
I think Oo
Took lots of pictures of all the pretty flowers at White River Gardens.
Time for wings at before more lazy home time.
:D
You know what would go good with the new episode of tonight?
A nice, hot bowl of beardsoup.
Don't forget your camera!
I think and are the freaking best!!
Listening to the White House Correspondents' Dinner while I edit my thesis...sometimes I miss living in DC
And I thought you really wanted to be my friend.
We've taken over the handle for the day!
Be sure to ping us with video questions, editing, storytelling, etc.
Thank you for that!
I hate the cmdshiftoptv garbage for the paste and match style bullshit
HappyMothersDay THOSE WITH GOOD RELATIONSHIP'S W/MOM...
Explosive poop has been contained within my now moist diaper for far too long.
I would appreciate it very much to receivea clean one soon.
is hosting a fresh Bloggers Lounge at SIC.
Join in on the conversation
Good morning Sleepwalkers!
Michelle here!
I was wondering who plans on checking out our new EP?
...time is getting close!
Pretzels are buy one get one free, OCo Black Olive Tapenade is buy one get one free!
Hey Nick
Retweet if you don't think hookah has anything to do with illegal doctorgs!
I love that idea  maybe you should have a televised reaping , too?
Just a thought.
safe travels!
Say hi to everyone for me.
hugs.
Last night I signed up to run the Tower of Terror 10 miler on 9/29, a night race that ends  the Tower of Terror.
SO.
FREAKING!
EXCITED!!!
you can do it!
I'm thankful for sentences ending with a preposition with.
In a bit, reviewing footage for another lengthy editing job.
Project is not super exciting, but the pay is good.
I know....it's insane!
Elemental Pilsner is good by but it isn't traditional.
Thank you George Harrison for Devil In Her Heart, All Things Must Pass  paying for Life of Brian, among other things, of course.
Yasss Aries!
I'm trying to find your bloggy blog?
ended up on your personal fb.
Best cover photo I've seen.
but um wheres the blog?
don't look at me
I will stand in as much as possible.
Missing an important appendage, though.
I retweeted that tweet as well!
what is your favorite tv show and movie?
HungerForUnger :
Very true, very true!
We all have our own DNA.
Made perfectly.
You're Steve Mason at doctornking.
Literally laughing out loud right now.
Whoop whoop!!
Party over here!
Damn I'm hella jacked
Just spoke with Geraldo Rivera re caseyanthonyverdict.
Shocking!...
direct quote.
Are you in the San Diego area and interested in Tribal Energy Cardio?
Contact me about classes.
I have packages available.
TheyNeed2BringBack Bruce Lee
Nice!
Sure is a timely topic to write on.
I'm amazed at how much folks spend on food.
Which is why I cook and not my wife, lol
Anyone know who might have a photo of Emery Thornell, Sheriff of Decatur, IL 19581962?
thank you!
It has come up a lot in discussions too, I'm realizing not all orgs realize the benefits.
Thanks for the mention!
Oh I agree.
Probably no greater 8th Commandment transgressor than this guy.
Me either :/
I followed her!
; will she follow back?
;
you gon learn today, you gon learn what a long dick is today, aright aright aright!
I put my mind towards it I don't never forfeit.
is the best
Stumptown Sumatran in the cup.
Battleship SFX on the docket.
Sweet incoming text message on the cell.
Fuzzy slippers.
Life is good.
Dentist appointment was dumb, my teeth hurt now.
Gonna try to enjoy some Chinese food with my dad.
:3
They were attending a broadway play near times square :
In going to need some convincing to go to Jakes tonight.
If and when you're in Vegas you must get to at  A property
Things getting rowdy in school board meeting.
Police kicked out one man...now chants of call police off.
did you ever figure it out?

thanks for spreading the word, we look forward to seeing you today!
It feels like a hot, summer night.
But it's March...
Fell off of a skate board yesterday and took a chunck out of my hand.
Yumm
Thanks so much for the retweet, we definitely saw an uptick in respondants.
the wizards couldn't take a time out!
piano makes great sounds.
you never know with her though
wait...
what does that say...
I think the screen is a bit small...
better upgrade.
Uploaded1 I am away this weekend
Yo I swear on my baby's momma yo.
it definitely does.
I'm really happy you stepped up to volunteer for them.
RT I don't need anybody's approval to be me.
that's the Gcode.
Only love'em when they R around lol
Sufficiently excited for the Decemberists show tomorrow that I bought tix for the Indy show in Aug.
Bright Eyes too.
im Going to a water park in the middle of winter:
After a hard weekend of the Slabtown Showdown we fixed all the glitches caused by heavy use.
That was a fun weekend.
You were great!
highenergy : Spoke today on an ITUP2012 panel, on how we can and must get millions enrolled in coverage day 1
Ugh well night douches.
Audition for 'Grown Ups 2' tomorrow morning.
hopefully, this turns out successful : x
Somebody call me so I can take my mind off of things!
:
love that, funny as hell haha
VJ's and/or DJ's, if you'd like to be on my VIDEO BLAST, email me at djdylan.sa  gmail...
Delmon's bat throw was directly towards the umpire.
Lawrie's helmet throw was aimed towards the ground and bounced
aweww thanks for the shout outs!
A random caller looking for some information also gave me medical advice.
doctorving through northbrook really brings back memories of old times before the hood took over my life
Flower, you are awesome.
LOL.
We must use the force to stop that phrase from being repeated over  over again today!
I've lost count.
:
So I showed my dad the why you asking all them questions video and now he plans on quoting it Monday to his students.
just checked.
Tickets already sold out.
Well have to catch her next year haha.
I'm watching my idiot neighbor put his trash cans out 3 days too early.
Did I mention he's an idiot?
Had 2 format my Memory Card :.
Melanie won :
Could the I do some new doctorps/jingles fi de radio show: R.U.
IRIE RED ROSE  WRSU/88.7fm NJ Sat.
610pm BLESS Selah
We don't even fuck no more we make love she's on the tip of my tongue like taste buds.
Hey Twitter Vocal Rush thanks U all for Getting us to 101 Followers!
Vassar sent acceptance letters to 76 applicants it meant to reject.
I feel their pain.
I've been having that exact anxiety doctoram for 25 yrs.
Listening to Russell Perkins at
Ice cream burrito please.
Cooking a big homemade meal alone with my man : lubbb youu hubby 3
God is in control of ALL things whether you believe or not.
I really dont care.
thats your deal to deal w in the after life.
Never underestimate my sneakiness.
:D
Thanks for the referral!
How are you??
Finals tomorrow...
lots of prayers needed please!
3
that's how they do it at Kentucky Fried Panda: It's Finger Ling Ling Good!
LOL :D I'll just tell her it doesn't work out
uhmazeballs!
I love !
Seriously amazing info on there....go check it out!!
I'm too lazy to text you so I'm tweeting you : get ova here NOW whore.
Yes!
had ROCKINGEST time w gal pals last Fri..I wanna do it again!
I have mixed feelings.
Depending on the medium and what they claim, I can give you a rough idea of how their doing what they do.
have fun  go phils!
killed it tonight.
I don't even watch but this girl has some pipes.
I'm gonna lose my mind cause everybody's leaving me behind in the dust, you advance I stand here and face plant right into the ground

My love life suck big ass for real

follow me  PlEASE!
Crime Stoppers has just reached 600 followers!
Help us get to a 1000 by recommending us to fellow Newark residents and their guests.
Thanks!
Its only one quarter
Annoyed by charity repeatedly calling and asking me to renew membership.
A good charity but don't like being badgered.
Going at it wrong way
you're not verified.
now get that off your bio.
Awww : That's sad but I understand why.
Well, we'll miss you.
follow back fam!!
need to DM yu a move!!
I'm sick, tired...and soo glad to be going home!
i had an almost to 900 followers!
moment, and then took a step back.
quality, not quantity, people.
how are you, friends?
best place on Frenchmen.
Insane service for Mardi gras day!!!!
NO ROWING CLUB EQUIPMENT until Thursday at 4pm.
Finally figured out how to use Square ...was swiping the card the wrong way.Definitely gets 5 stars.Awesome concept for small businesses.
new version original?
luxury jet service to atlanta.
Writing tip: If you insist on writing perfect dialog in fiction, your character better be a monarch.
Dont forget to talk to Bucher about bucks warriors trade.
Broccoli: I look like a tree.
Walnut: I look like a brain.
Mushroom: I look like an umbrella.
Banana: Dude?!
Change the topic.
Surprise: looking at business card a client supplied, thinking Huh, that font works really well, what is it?
Answer: Times New Roman.
Reward your administrative assistant, secretary, receptionist and everyone else on your team with health insurance.
Call us today to...
I lived in Mich.
This was normal winter,: SNOW!
Schools , govmnt, stores stayed open or they wld have been closed all the time.
Moments for everydays with homeworks...Portuguese homework, geograph and math.
Now, starting the english!
Ooh Lol.
would love to connect and touchbase about the industry if you have a couple minutes?
Enjoy the LA weather!
30 deg here in NYC!
Would like to know the answer to that question!
Grab a domain and get a FREE web site with FREE Promotion for USA Musicians and Venues  www.usamusician.net/websitehostingmusicians.htm
harlem art Lynn Lieberman's work hanging at Land Yoga and going fast.
Get your original and own a piece of Harlem history.
Remember, you get out of life what you put into it!!
Everything won't be easy but it's how you react to set backs!
Sure enough, the first stop I made out shopping today was for gelato.
Can't resist!
hell yeah!!
I'm good with whatever...
George Peterson of ABET, Inc.
to speak at CHEA Annual Conference and International Seminar.
See Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
no you're still an idiot go hear the message i left you
Early in 1909, a group of laborers who had organized a club named The Tramps, went to the Pythian Theater to see a musical comedy...
I'm not being hateful I just get tired of being asked the same thing 20 million times
I hate not knowing anyone at a party.
aw.that's sweat
I got like 3 shades darker :P
Also, John Waters once politely nodded and said hello to me in passing.
I was between him and a snack table.
I am glad you like it i am working on lots more I will keep you posted.
Thank you
Via Blazer President Larry Miller denies team tried to rush Oden back after injuries.
Now more than ever, company marketers are charged with improving performance with fewer resources and shifting marketing budgets from...
Its not uncommon for a coach to block a player from a potential opponent.
ACC/B1G Challenge.
Iowa State is the one I question.
I know :S too quiet
Stop the viruses spreading.Don't click suspicious links on Twitter, it may be dangerous.
RT : We will tweet throughout the conference.
Whether attending or not, feel free to join our discussion at
Lmfao Lol O Well We On Twitter Not School
My local book has philles 1.5 125, I dont bet baseball but that looks pretty damn good.
nowplaying Rain  doctorve  Still one of my favorite guitar solos ever.
In a restaurant, waitress just handed me a glass of soda.
As I put it down, the glass split cleanly in the middle.
Messy, but entertaining.
Yep it's nice to meet you :
Thank you for Liking my FB page!
Just hit 4,001.
They say numbers don't count, but it still feels good ;
Congrats on second consecutive Southland Conference title!
Its official!
We are heading back into the studio with critically acclaimed engineer Chris Cosgrove.
Full album is on the way soon!
Appreciate it man!!
Good for you!!
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I like Girls
For all you NASCAR fans, we just passed Jeff Burton's tow vehicle on I65 south 45 minutes north of Indy.
How many hours per Saturday?
Had so much fun.
Covered in frosting  jellybeans.
Life's good!
RT Cupcaking w/ is a doctoram.
Yea, you!
You rock, darlin'.
Ate at the King and I..
then doctornks at the Hyatt's new Signature Bar...
Great Blueberry Mojito!
artpolitics recessive acting or quiet politics
How about just 4 hours?
Looks like im waking to mcdonalds withiut a jacket .....
It's 10 AM and I already need a doctornk....
Dont Stop Reading Until you Realize These Important Facts About Our Quick  Easy Opening a Boutique System
Appreciate the RT, Thank you!
what app did you use on those photos?
they are so vintage looking
If we're n a relationship  ur not communicating..
I start assuming...
That could b dangerous...
Hah!
Who got the most dates?
Matrix Keanu or Bill  Ted Keanu?
i thought they just reprinted something of his.
Albuquerque!
Favorite place to watch football in New Mexico?
Damn right she got it good, Hell yeah she got it made ;
Lmfaooo RT : Ima make it rain M.A.C eyeshadow palettes at the club.....bitches love eyeshadow.
Enjoy and thank you!
I loved hosting the 1st part of the Houston NASATweetup.
A lot of great questions from a great group of space fans!
Who says Orton can't throw the long ball?
test number 2
just Canada, no AK
WWW.BOULDERSITE.COM launched it's new design and is now accepting clients for SEO, Web Site Design and Content Writing
I'm always interested to talk to my followers :
I still don't like you.
Seems like I never sleep..
Thank GOD for coffee!
We finally got a copy of Imamura Shohei's 1967 A Man Vanishes I read about in college.
Unfortunately, it's for the Donald Hall Coll.GRRR.
Just watched first three episodes of 5 Dollar Cover by MTV.
Great music.
look, maybe a dance idk i just need something fun
i wanna take aride in ur
was just on a binge  holy fuck.
3
Watching the killing.
Never would've pegged rosie larsen's mom for a mudhoney fan.
omg his head creep me out n so does stewies 
The only time I will make disrespectful or ignorant jokes is with my closest friends.
NOT the internet.
You don't know who's reading it.
I just thought of this: Life is to be used.
I wonder if i invented the quote or heard it somewhere
Just got my Music Beta by Google Invite!
GuessIKnowWhatI'mDoingTonight
Haha very true.
Which is exactly why I wasn't shocked.
Loved the voice style chair swivel.
Team Stofflet!
We wish you a very happy holiday and a safe new years.
We look forward to a great 2012!
...
hating on what?
The fucking joke of a baseball team in Oakland?
does not need a GlassBox that takes up valuable and cherished Lake Mendota shoreline space.
...all roads lead to Athens
let's go out and get crayy
LOVE ME LOVE ME LOVE ME
wait one direction week?!
lucky im jealous
identi.ca is supported on Ping, pretty rad.
ah :/ that stinks!
dumb hackers!
If you enjoy a noveldon't forget to go to amazon/bn.com  click LIKE button /or leave review.
It helps other readers find your fav books.
Events are as we see them; relationships are no exception, and neither is life.
Positive attitudes result in positive lifestyles.
You're 17 around the neck, 42 around the waist, and 106 around the golf course

Can't To See How all MY Babies Look Tonight!
nah son..this what its about for LeBron..we know he can do everything else..its about crunch time
WorstPartAboutTheMorning having to put your bra back on ..
ABSOLUTELY NOT YOURS!!!
Killing!!
Dang man.
Thanks for the retweet : Have a great week!
I don't like those people that got to yell out yes!
Amen!
every second.
the people in the choir that can't sing but in it anyway
Hey , ignore all those guys and thanks for my awesomely termed mortgage!
Klaus still here, but in Tyler's body.
Caroline has no idea.
Stefan chosen by Elena.
She now a vampire.
WHOA.
kudos to Sarah!
Miracles are things that happen when you prepare for them.
Marcia L.
A.
Dyson.
I am enjoying a day of preparation.
You?
That's it, I'm going in for giant coffee
let us undo the knots of every contract made by violence; let us tear up all unjust agreements; let us give bread to the hungry .
.
.
Less than a week till the Silverton show, y'all!
The tshirts are here and ready to go too...
Get one while they last!
I should ask you the same thing!
I bet mine will
I only went out for a walk and finally concluded to stay out till sundown, for going out, I found, was really going in.
John Muir
aww naah everyone is beautiful!
even you!
im sure you put a smile on someones face everyday3
I'm loving 5/3 Bank today  just realizing how much time I save paying bills using their system.
PowerMoves in the mobile space too.
What do you know about The Singularity?
Entity diagrams...
read the space that you're dealing with
RT went to KFC n asked how much was the bucket on the roof
I hate how after an argument I think of really clever stuff that I should have said.
2 days away...
and counting
As opposed to Google, our online library won't face a copyright probe :
No problem!
It's not too bad, we make it worth it!
When you try to put your contact on but your eye rejects it.
Remembered I still haven't reinstalled Photoshop on my laptop since it crashed, got all anxious  twitchy.
We've never been apart so long.
has been doctoraming about skating.
Wrote this for  40,000 Students in San Diego County Still Need Whooping Cough Vaccination
Bedlam in Worlds Tallest Building!
Fucking hate my shitty fucking job.
I work with idiots
Now they're jamming Heart in the production dept.
THAT I can get behind.
lol i bet rob was in line .
lol jk
Out in about
let's keep on hoping u can make it down!
Or we get out butts up there :
LOL!
Assassins!
Murderers!
lol RT : This boy added me on oovoo talkin bout He Straight..Nigga lying...my Icon is my dick bitch..U saw something u liked!
oh my god!
I want them!
Send them to my new PO box.
Tweaking mixes.
It's hard not to be a control freak in this stage of a song.
baby!!!!!
You are living!!!!!!!!!
Let the Balty countdown begin....
What I learned today...
when upgrading OSes on EC2, don't skimp on the resources!
The micro instance ain't gonna cut it...
right now say something :
leads Denver 65 at the intermission.
November 8th new mac
Watching Lost Girl with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
it's definitely my favorite and I definitely sing it all the time and also have a playlist on my ipod called sleepy SLEEPY dwarf
Maybe?
Maybe?
WTF, Baxter?
I'm counting on it!
I hear ya!
hummus and pita chips are like my bread and butter haha
I got 245,366 on Temple Run!
highscore i know its not alot ...
But just gettin started!
Feeling lazy on this gorgeous day in Baltimore.
Heading out to Fell's Point Festival!
finally done with work!
OMG!
You look so cute with your hair slicked back!!3
same here!
May have been crazy suggesting this timeline but we are working hard to see it through !
The privatization of space ferrying is going to be a game changer.
This much I promise you.
Kinda wondering WTF I'll be doing in Toronto when not working.
Haha as if!
Im getting in the tub with a knife  a doctorNK!
RT : Holy shit!
Grab your kevlar and roll camera...
Kicking off Conference in La Jolla a wealth of knowledge, experience and hope.
thank you to all in attendance!
Thanks for the RTs !
Enjoy your night everyone..come by tomorrow for Serenity Sunday  receive 10 off all concentrates!
Strain of the day is Super Silver Berry!
Bunch of jabronies
belong 2 someone else just as mike's soul went on to live another life in me.
But you have to keep in mind that what were doing
LOVES sitting at her friends house awkwardly with her mom..
RT if this has ever happened to you.
Wishing I were with my mom today, but no.
I'm at work, with a bunch of other people celebrating their moms.
Finally home.
that's was beautiful!!
OHMYGOSH your so good!
dang your room is so packed :o
Just arrived in Richmond for a day of Board of Medicine meetings but more important to hang out with my sister tonight.
It is 'death by meeting' today, but I have coffee on my side!
where will eat now,
I'm gonna give your shirt away soon bud.
Caribbean Food is calling your name at
It bothers me when the GODS get to acting like the BROADS
I'm chillin with the fam in our nations capital as of yesterday
florals tictock Couture Florals and Cean One Photography team up with W.P.
Miller Special Events for Niecy Nashs Bridal Shower http:/...
shit its friday??????
lmfaaao3 we loved them Bailey
20 is worth it, in my opinion.
Alli Simpson Is Perfect!
Mamba Almost here
We can hear the GEMA Rocks rehearsals from the lobby of DPAC and sounds like you won't want to miss our live broadcast on Saturday night!
Can someone come get me out of this hospital.
If you wanna see the name that I use to be called before I became a rapper send me a message n ill reply with my Name ok
Ooh, books!
Cool!
the Canadians woman's team played very well against Germany.
Snapped their streak of not allowing goals.
5 tall sweet tea cocktails tall, 5 tall smirnoff cocktails  3 powers shots till close.
libate and hydoctorte post summerfest party.
Cool!
Bulls lost WTF!
GOP leaders seeking ANYONE to run for their partys nod except crossdoctorssing abortion doctors or with 100 offshore bank accounts
i hate when you mc donalds and they fuck up your order
thx 2 and for the cake  y'all are the best!!
The best part about getting a pedicure is the massage.
might have a photo!
The beast inside me is fighting to come out and fight...
ok thx for asking whats new
With at dennys!
I cant wait to watch you fist pump it with the fallon...i love u
did you get your email together?
I knew it!
I have actually had several people ask me if we chose November because the world is ending.
They were 80 serious.
wife had surgery.
Kidney stones.
I swear I always get things done lastminute and still finish before it's due B
Need to move ass and submit cold weather makes me lazy.
Only thing Theo and Cubs new management are selling is the franchise's soul!
I miss you so much as well!
I can't wait to see you!
Hopefully soon!!
I love you!
:D
2put up with all the stick I'll get
Wearing my shirt to school today.
That's a lovely accent you got, New Jersey??

Braun out with a sore Achillies, 'day to day' but no matter how nonserious, effort to stay calm.
: 
I am stuck taking a nail out of patients hand
no, im black
2nd that RT : love!
RT : Love everything about the new Beautiful design, images, and insights:...
Mine's still up :P RT : 15 of patrons calling this the digital rapture since not everyone's Gmail is down
Ok good its starting to rain
It was pretty awesome!
I've never seen so many cubicles in my life, but definitely seems like a very fun place to work.
Happy Thursday from the Aquarium!
Hope your day is happy despite the rain!
and it made me paranoid about the low chance I could get breast cancer.
: And the countdown begins: 52 Days until  hell yes!
Last year was epic.
This year will be another one!
Lol whatever bring it on
I think video games have some built in ability to make people turn off the filter and allow anger and frustration to just flow
Today is International Kissing Day...
and Darren Criss' birthday?
This cannot be a coincidence.
the scene where Big and Carrie fight in the middle of the street because he doesnt want to get married and Charlotte screams at Big.
that's ok I love your tweets.
ObamaPhotocaptainon so, what did you think of the Time Magazine cover?
The Boys from Ithaca
Hanging wt my bro
Goodmorning World.
How are ya?
Just got done running 2.4 miles.
Pheww.
I'm pooped.
And I need a shower.
Im so tired
that's my horse!
DH centers WILL have failures as they experiment.
sometimes i feel like i am a little higher in the water though :D
Well, the Sox are back from their road trip.
Zing RT : just got End of the World Dark in The Fenway
: Blazer on tshirt: It's like the startup mullet
Today I caught myself smiling reminding me of your eyes, your lips your kiss...
Watching the Taco Bell ad campaign is like kissing Abe Vigoda on a pot of Abe Vigoda's.
Thanks so much, look forward to seeing you at !
Not feeling very good.
A little depressed :
Do you think Klout  others will eventually help custserv in this scenario by proactively identifying really squeaky wheels?
We're sorry to hear about your carpet!
We can clean that for you!
is it bad that I'm starting to not be able to see which portions I highlighted on Word
Happy birthday Andy Warhol, Brainpower founder.
Raising funds to start comics publishing biz for homeless LGBT youth www.brainpower.me
well I'm sorry u feel dat way
im great : getting ready go to work haha dont want too how ar you?
SunandMoon is our featured Tarot reader this week at www.shindigtarot.com Come and meet our readers on video!
Received a death threat from someone wanting my twitter handle
Post your Halloween Costume Contest photos to our album to win either the best individual or group costumes!!!
My happy place is all the memories I've spent with you...one day ill tell you.
GN :
I miss you.
A lot.
Helicopter Jousting.
We're kind of doomed on all sides.
Tra la la!!!
: K
bro put some new covers on youtube!
.
he did that before the playoffs
actually painted by Tom Seaver,Tommy John,vida BlueGaylord Perry LIMITED EDITION M go www.signatureart.comh
Exactly.
I just don't know what I'd do THEN.
Might make it recipe central, especially if I can protect it from kitchen splatter.
lol  the fact that a red bull vodka is called cheap man's cocaine in LA
Stealing someone else's words frequently spares the embarrassment of eating your own.
Peter Anderson
My mood for tonight depends on if the Lakers win or lose.
Yo...the Black Moon show is now TOMORROW AT SOUTH PAW!!!
Please do not go to Brooklyn Bowl tonight looking for that show!!
Just 4 you?
Buoyed up by our success, we refuse to let this one sink to the bottom.
RT: I Surrender
ya but can u promo my Twitter?
Thx
I was there for you when noone else was just remember that
I had a doctoram that I was being chased by broccoli.
Maybe it has something to do with being vegan.
Veggie revenge!
no hunni itching powder makes you itch lol
free flowing like the vodka I need?
:
Oh Atlanta, can your pants crapping in the NBA playoffs be more entertaining?
: ready for tonight?
I like that spector in your avi
nothing chilling,u?
The sun stays longer.
The momentum of winter Carries the dark chill.
Whatever you can do, or doctoram you can begin it.
Boldness has genius, power and magic in it.
Goethe
HAHAHA you have to use the makeup remover for water based makeup
Catching teachers doing bad w/SM should be easy as it leaves a trail just like cyber bulling
what about tattoo parlors?
Sputtering neon errors, pawn shops, motels housing bitter NYC journalists, etc?
FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME PLEASE i cant dm you of your not following me.
Please i need help!
3
finally changed my professorle pic,,,
Girls Night Out has kicked off!
Stop by and enjoy free samples and good music!
I passed the eff out on Kane's new bed
I may have been born in conservative AZ but punk/HC, zines, art, feminism, freethinkers, dedicated teachers, etc., informed my perspective.
: I don't even care if you place last.
A bug on ice?
winning!
caroline just tweeted ed lyrics
Yu Darvish is making the Mariners look like...
well, any other team in the league.
Congrats on your International Women of Courage award.
You are an inspiration for all women.
Had 2 great photo shoots with amazing teams!
So thankful!
Can't wait to share the photos :
RICK SANTORUM will never TRUST MITT.
THEY both want to destroy the PRESIDENT.
HATRED and RACISM is now sharing the same bed.
ENDORSEMENT!
RT : Don't you be holding back your love because in the end, you're gonna want another round.
I'm grounded  but Chloe said she is gonna convince them
me either !
mike fina get his butt whoop by ronnie...
lol
imagine telling ppl: Yeah, I'm a designer at the Laboratory 4 Visual Architecture...
working on a digital origami tiger project.
That was about as fun as doctornking warm gin from the bottle.
If you can see the lesson, you don't need the lesson.
My mom needs to get off the phone and answer me.
Omfg.
Thanks for the Cherry Pie!
superbowl after show
easy enough.
mister iPad...I'm about to throw you out the window.
Apple store here I come.
Today is a beauty in the mile hi city ..
R.I.P DickClark!!
IM SO HAPPY IS FRIDAY.....
Done with grad school.
Again.
Oot.
No prob!
We love connecting Rochester's thinkers, doers, and ideas worth sharing, so stay in touch!
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 23
sat after at 9am?
I love that Dior commercial where Charlize goes all orange again....
When your old homies don't hit you up anymore /3
world trends:retarded.
switching to south african.
hey dudes, that's embargoed until 2 p.m.
Or at least it was.
There will b time 4 all of that
Few things feel better than a late night shower B4 bed!!
Gypsy Wisdom tonight!
Don't miss them!
I have two accounts plus a friend's.
:p
So excited you're here!
: We're excited to be at nwxportland Junior League Conference
er i guess it's
Why is Katy Perry so obsessed with overcoming Lady Gaga?
Christianity...a set of beliefs AND a lifestyle...
Why does Indiana have to be so cold??
I'm still wearing my Northface in spring????
thanks!
I'm looking forward to joining the team.
use the 5 paragraph format, Intro with 3 main ideas, 3 body paragraphs expounding on each point, then conclusion.
Good luck!
Cool.
Let us know how we can help.
Nope.
But I know what planet Cassandoctor is from..
the planet of BS!
Kid Cudi, J.
Cole, Nas, Wiz Khalifa, Ice Cube, and more announced for Rock the Bells Festival
Jurors inform judge about typo on verdict form.
Judge Wolf says form will be reprinted.
Gallinari flop so hard
yeah I heard that too!
I can't wait for the new album gonna be amazing!
YES.
ENTIRELY.
I'm the same way.
Cuddling with my boyfriend and watching a movie.
Perfect ending of this weekend.
If Mondays didn't exist would Tuesdays be just as depressing?
haha...maybe someday.
We'll see.
You won!
Come to the union by 2 to pick up your prize or you can come to UCA 5500 later and get it there.
YAY!
Whew!
I was a little confused, but still excited!
Have fun with the fam!!
I'm not figuring u out but there reporters on flyers beat who like start things aka the whole Richards thing
Thanks!
Have a great week!
just read a wonderful tweet from way to go bill.
FF time!
;D thank you friend!!
Xxo
Morning shoutout to my new followers
At 618 its cold as a bitch.
Line slow as a bitch
me too i been on the road for the last 5 hours
E0C test oh how I adore mondays.
I am looking, and LSU and the moon have something in common ...they both control the Tide!
On my way to Huntsville, Al...
It's 11:35 and still doctorving since 5:45:
sometimes i wanna eat a whole cak too but mom picks up the nespaper and hits me on the back of the head she was a bitch today
Follow and RT to win a 25 Gift Card every hour on Friday 8/26
If it isn't one thing it's the next, blow after blow, but I'm still standing strong.
Best.
movie.
ever.
Dinner with the one and only :
The cable tv  internet service is out in NW Vancouver, WA 98663
I always say im going to be a good kid and clean my room, but five minutes later it looks like hell.
Ugh I hate that from the second I wake up I'm nauseous till I go to sleep
No FoodTruckFriday today, but we will have them back next week ready to go!
Look for an announcement on who to expect early next week!
Byeing 500 shares of Facebook stock.
Now
yeah I'm cool with that just let me know where
Remember those slap wrist bracelets?
coolshitfromthe90's.
FanClub 80 s Rule!
Girls TShirt
you look like the guy in the McDonald's commercials
Russell Wilson formerly of Wisconsin is one hell of a guy.
Best of luck to that dude.
follow me, please?:
you're the best buddy Ever!
Hope you loved God of Carnage.
Newt Gingrich is a self centered jerk who only wants people to do as he says, not as he does.
red or green pig or yellow or blue bird
looks around confused What?
What did I do?
Welp..there's always my pen...
The giant red star Betelgeuse has a diameter larger than that of the Earth's orbit around the sun.
I know, you lying.
That's all bad..
I have trouble picking a favorite.
I fell in love with GRACELING more immediately but am so attached to both.
One of the most difficult things is not tochange society  but to change yourself
Justin Timberlake kills it everytime he hosts Bring it on into omeletvilleeeeaaa
Oh Mika I love you so!!!!
THE BIRD IS THE WORD AND THE WORD FROM THE BIRD IS, FASHION WEEK HITS DENVER!!!
SEPTEMBER 27TH THRU OCTOBER 1ST.
Tough for me to stick with someone's blog if it's nothing but happy.
Doesn't feel like being real, which I want to read.
Nope...They need to lose
it's a monthly box that's only 10 and filled with beauty goodies!
Bigger shock that Downing is going to Euros after his shocking season.
The Orange Line is not exactly scenic going to Midway.
Leach, if WSU becomes relevant and Maryland is still in the same boat, then Edsall and Kevin Anderson both will be fired
It's Thanksgiving week, what are you Thankful for?
We are thankful for you, our Loyal customers !
where's my toy?
Lol
School tomorrow /: Had fun shopping : Shopped for accessories for this summer back home!
YEEUH 3
that's awesome!!
The face displayed by college students everywhere...
Outta School early cuz feelin sick.
We'd love to sign it for you ;
When an emerging tech becomes an emerging cultural experience  then a brand needs to participate.
Im taking the night off RED STEPPERS over and out 1208 Money gone!!!
Need sleep O.o
well.
We got daddy's credit cards to charge up.
What's a boy to go?
Ocean Beach Kite Festival takes place March 5 from 9 am to 4 pm at the OB recreation center.
Craft fair, kite making and a flying contest!
My blowout.
Lol RT : 0.o why would you needa go to the barbershop?
Hawks Tonight!!
awk moment when I'm trying to dye it brown and it goes jet black again
GIRL YOU KNOW IT : super pumped bro0o0o0o0o
It's too late to even contemplate, because you demonstrate, how you and I don't have the same fate
Our pleasure!
Big New Coming Soon.
Yall Might Wanna Like Xspo  Yung J.r  Ace Txs New Music Pages
Don't forget that Melinda Wang '99 is leading a tour of a few Chelsea art spaces this Sat.
at 12PM!
Contact melindawanggmail.com
Flight 3 with no upgrade.
At least I was loser number 2 this go around.
why don't you just become a male stripper/escort?
You would have to make way more money that way..
What are you most looking forward to this year at Black Nativity?
my eye hurts
Oh and yes I am proud to be 40 cause I still look 25 without surgery.
What up bitches.
It may be Super Tuesday, but add some and it'll become ULTRA MEGA TUESDAY.
Pretty cool, eh?
We know who wins this caucus.
Stay faithful to him he will be faithful unto you!!!
Sweet!!!
I'll definitely catch ya.
Can't wait to meet up!!
Not so sure I wanna post my  on here do u have FB/Email hook me up
Great conversation with Ken Clark today.
Want to give a shoutout to Brad Clark of One CO who is on with Ken now.
It's a cozy cardigan kind of a day
taco hats for everyone!
thx for coming to
I can tell monitoring mama hummingbird is going to cut into my productivity but sacrifices must be made for backyard science, right?
coffee time!!
i have like, 7 algebra assignments.
Not yet!
Hanging in there!
A Look Behind Apple's App Store Curtain  WCYB
You're welcome
I appreciate that you crafted an elaborate excuse for watching The happy hooker goes to hollywood.
Is sustained success possible in the NFL or does he ever foresee a rebuilding year when Ravens take salary cap hit and go 412?
I want to be my new bf!
who are ya going for this doctorft?
awe dark gtg .c
Time management is a key component of successfully running a business.
Analyzing it will help focus on weak areas that need finetuning.
Being able to sleep while awake
Just made a a pan of tiramisu, lots of coffee, booze and layered with Marscarpone.
NEED TO STAY AWAY.....
King of Kings and Lord of Lords!
He is risen.
Kindle now has a cool feature in which you email yourself pdfs and docs.
Technology is great.
Nothin like watchin scream in the middle of the night
Good luck to all those running the this Sunday on behalf of Blue Card
WhT do u call a homeless, broke man?
A nigga!!!
Lmao
I saw a report saying hydoctorgen cists 2 per gallon and potentially has up to 70 mpg in cars.
where you at?
Get one on the line!
entertain me fellow twitter citizens :D
how many people were at the Red and Blue game?
Why is it that on every college campus there's some crazy guy yelling about the bible?
Morining Todd!
Nice to see you before I head out for the day.
Have a good one.
RT : Morning Leslie.
Any Animal?
We hope you all enjoy the show!
Say 'Hi!' to us in the lobby preshow!
Be good, have fun.
AWHH, I LIKE YOU TOO.
;
I know right!
haha I bet and that's so true :
omg i hate you eww get away
Good for you!
A lot of people want to be liked and negative feedback is though.
When upper room by kid cudi starts to play its like fuck you, you, you and you...
Blueberry Milshake from wins!
Wheres the blueberry in DC????
Blessings to you on your birthday !
I love you, sis!!!
hey baby i love you follow your boo baq 3.3
At 1145 get to find out if and can bring home innovator awards.
it's in the works!
text me, tomorrow!
Let's make plans.
Kay!?!?
:
yup, but it runs faster on the phone :D I love using both!!
IT'S NOT A GAME DALLAS!
WE'RE TAKIN OVER THE SUMMER!
When you see 50 Challengers, Camaro  Chargers in a single file line, you know its C3!
Nice view....
Thanks for the follow.
You have a great team with and Keep up the great work.
Let's GET R DONE!
Using Airplay on Apple TV opens a new level of connectivity to our classroom displays by iOS.
Now just have to get our network to support.
We have officers across the country for conference week!
AHA2011, APA, and ALA11.
for more info
those work for me.
How about friday night?
Plowing the fields.
Like Jason Aldean says I'll take you for a ride on my big green tractor.
no comment on quality but when they shot in Baltimore they used our library's archives to ensure historical accuracy.
That was cool.
ESPNs Adam Schefter: Eagles WR DeSean Jackson inactive vs.
Cardinals; missed team meeting Saturday
Can't wait to see all the great pics is discreetly taking from the sidelines.
Will they be up on the dcnyc10 website?
RT Architect Lew Dominy on new Parish Hall at St.
Therese of Carmel; it's a sports court, dining and meeting hall.
bit.ly/oByMtT
I'll keep your words in mind as I welcome our new senators to their offices in the State Capital
i swear older girls are nicer than younger ones
Today's the last day of beer week!
Get out there and enjoy the last day...until next year.
I would argue if they take care of these first two in Boston, wouldn't be the worst idea
When life puts you in tough situations, don't say WHY ME just say TRY ME...then give it your ALL!
Just because Christmas is a week from yesterday, doesn't mean no acting opportunities.
I even have an audition this evening.
Girls say I'm romantic and have a way of sweet talking I didn't notice I just talk
yes yes you are
Ha!
Not at all.
your biggest fan wants to talk with you.
Better than stalker?
agreed.
They also need to learn how to critique other wrk and create a constructive conversation about their impressions.
Ride and shine!
I thought you were gonna RT people?
:
Bike that I own?
My Giant Defy 0.
Getting back into His word.
Feels good!
Its so nice to hear that spine tingling, breathtaking, quivering sound of F1 engines expunging their 800hp by shouting at 200mph!
Yes.
the list will not be ready for another 30 min, after that you will be good
I love fun imdb discoveries
please remove me from your followers this is a professorssional network and looks out of place, thanks

you need to keep it tack w/ me girl !
hello Chachi how are you?
3
NaLee2010.cm CHECK IT OUT!!!
thanks SEC the conference of champions football Alabama basketball Kentucky
Pahahahaha!
That is so, so weird.
This is excellent.
Teachers mold the minds of the future, and should be celebrated!
Congratulations Teacher of the Year, Brad Nornhold!...

Wash Away
ok thanks, ill message the commish and make sure that's the setup.
I know, I know..
I wish we could start it all over
Props to the baseball team sweeping KU this year.
The Shox won at Eck last evening 102.
In welk land?
ExpertVisibilityTip: Doing a series on YouTube is a great way to increase your views.
Most witches are like that.
They are not interested in things or people unless they can use them; they are terribly practical.
What about your fans in SF?
ATTPark would be the perfect setting for
I have always wanted to walk away from an exploding building in slow motion 
Ik He Sleepy And imma Be So Mad If He Goes To Sleep On Me .!!!....
The sky is blue.
If we were playing kickball, I'd pick you first.
Mediocrity doesn't make you become a better person.
Mediocrity doesn't distinguish you in the marketplace.
Mediocrity doesn't inspire others
Now up, Mike Aguirre.
Great idea!
I have a couple of more coming in.
I will collect the ideas and share them with the committee.
How will we choose?
its all good!
Will work for antiques and random objects...Get It Gone Colorado!
Walmart is crap, Figgins is crap.
That's all I was trying to say.
Evidently, it was a horrible attempt.
Lol..
:
roomie just moved out.
Very disappointed A squandered chance and who knows if this team will get another shot....Big doctorg
We Just B Fuckn Round .
ticket punched for the second round with a perfect OT goal.
go !!!
Im not a messenger so dont treat me like one!!!!
Having dimsum at The Palace in Los Feliz.
Love the table side presentations here.
About to feast on some chicken feet.
you live right next door to a gay bar it's easy hun
RT : Acting is sometimes a process of becoming, of states we have to go through.
Thank you!
Currently, I'm really only asking for help spreading the word, letting the web page ask for financial support.
Thx for the support, Melissa!
Loved the show on OWN...
was very moved by your story ;
One thing God has spoken, two things have I heard: that you, O God, are strong,  that you, O Lord, are loving.
Ps 62:1112a
Had to take Nina to the vet this morning to have an abscess tooth extracted.
She's pretty old for anesthetic.
Hope she'll be ok.
no, damnit.
but she did.
just inked and actually printed with the letterpress!
I think she needs a name.
ah yes please!
Weeks will be fine too.
Bat's too quick not to be.
Morgan  depends on definition of fine.
May have spoiled folks with career year.
hey im in chicago
Asked for my sandwich extra extra spicy  it made me cry a little bit.
In other words, it was DELISH.
Those with disabilities love God too, and should have a place in our churches.
They need to learn  share too.
Tweets in yo mouth!
haha: OH, So were you saying you like MGK?
Yay!
Thank you, it was awesome!
RT Congrats to on opening Motherbear, heard the show went well!
Someone on this bus smells like onions!!!
:
New: Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Blue Earth, Le Sueur, Nicollet, Waseca till 7:15.
Downgraded from Tornado warning.
Look forward to seeing you!
just see some people seem to be outraged over it.
Curious as to why.
Well spoken!
My brother is an ass hat
Watchin New Video
yes you are I talked to mister McCloud
What a day!
We are officially sold out.
Thank you to all who came out to celebrate with us today.
Assoiates come and go a true friend last forever......
Unfortunately not man.
Some of your favorite guys will be there though ;
I just read a list of 'the 100 things to do before you die'.
I'm pretty surprised 'yell for help' wasn't one of them...
High tech: skyping your son in the UK to fix the remote...
Yeah, done that.
Glad he's back...
Fewer time zones
Taping webinars, podcasts, and even texting can reach parents w/ difficult work schedules.
Welcome to Downtown Atlanta!
We're happy to have you on campus.
Career Builder:More Employers Screening Candidates via Social Networking Sites
Hey guys, good morning!!!
we have reached 100 followers!
thank you everyone  please be sure to tell all your friends about the Great Heartland Cookout!
Wow.
The deleted scenes from Dysfunctional Friends could've made the final cut.
The film was typical.
just bought a house today really great deal on a 2 unit rental
love u
Um.
OMG OMG OMG!
I LOVE the doctorss SO MUCH!
THANK YOU!
Last yr this time I watched the Oscars 3000 miles away in my Philadelphia apt.
This yr i'm 5 blocks away in LA.
Next yr I will def attend.
Good point!
Both Suffice 4 Bacon Lovers.
is the bacon on the pizza, or stand alone?
We are looking for a summer PR intern.
Know anyone who might be interested?
I feel U on that!!
Just let me know when  if.
I got a second bedoctorom wit your name on it!
RT : Father Lord, if there is any curse upon my life, destroy them by your fire in the name of Jesus
my computer is so slow today.
D:
haha you needed it today
I'm looking at my 2009 tumblr posts.
One is a photo of Robert Patinson.
Cedoctorc  Sparkly Vampire dude.
Bitches be trippin?
If u use 2 be cool w/ certain ppl  now those ppl aren't foolin w/ u.
That should tell u sumthin bout urself!
It's not them, It's YOU!
Wonder if the Flyers will seek another goalie in free agency.
Bryz is terrible
Tonight: Bring a new toy to Holiday Pops to donate to FirefightersforKids, receive a free ticket voucher for Picnic with the Pops!
How is everybody's Sunday going?
Right back at u
I was never sleep...
RT It's 2012 and racism is still here smh wake up
You read it there, but I often imagine my byline in many places, say, in Tahitian newspapers, doctornking a preposition cocktail.
thanks for the follow!
You know your going to a dangerous neighborhood when you type your destination in the GPS and it says ABORT MISSION!!
I'll retweet as my father's fighting Cancer
S finish.
B der in a few min
RT : Should be very popular!
HappyInCLE RT Greater Cleveland Aquarium to open Jan.
20; passes on sale now...
Free is a relative term these days!
After this week works up until the start of June.
Fan shouts out to Rex: Rex, wow, you look great!
Jets coach noticeably slimmer these days  down 90 pounds.
She just told me that I'm the only guy she's said I love you to and meant it
Bout to make Instagram my bitch with a lotta pictures.
Be ready.
RT : Video is becoming more  more important in the world of search, largely because bandwidth has made it easier.
Happy Monday Colorado.
This month is going by so fast.
If you don't want it, you definitely do not deserve it.
I want my phone 
I just watched a few of the videos I took from last night, should have them up soon
Working on an essay and debating options for bread baking during the weekend storm...
I think just became internet famous!
Measure portions!
Tablespoons for doctorssing, butter and spreads; Cups for the rest.
Actually, very good.
:P
Samardo Samuels just scored the Cavs first bucket since Kyrie went to the bench almost 3 minutes ago.
welcome to twitter land!!
A good friend would offer you an umbrella on the rain, a best friend would steal yours and say Run bitch, Run
This game is mad good gotta love the playoffs
That's a lot of doctornk carriers.
I just signed in so it's all good.
I only saw two.
thank you for the FF love
Please take note and pay attention to the fact that we are not doing much at all.
Artwork and release date for SelfTitled album coming...
Lamarcus Aldoctordge should be in the all star game not kevin love.
Kevin definetly is not as good as LA.Kevin is good but not better than LA
Kevin Garnett stepped up when is matters, something that has been questions by media people.
The Pierce block was play of the game.
I'm waiting for RDA to be blamed for global warming, recession, and housing crisis.
buenos dias memo :
Come see me tonight at Living Arts Center of Tulsa.
Show start at 7pm.
I just got off that Sucker!
Exit ASAP and take anything.
It'll be better!
Enjoy performances from tomorrow on State Street, beginning at 11 am, as part of
After I get my post surgery eyepatch I'm talking entirely in Slick Rick lyrics until they let me take it off.
I'm the man from the Mt, won't u come on up, I'm plow man in the valley w/ a face full of mud
Now that Breezy N Songz start rappin' groupie loves start diggin...Tha fuck outta here hoes, you HIP HOP from scratch or you not.
Suns are rollin'
lol she's a mix, so not full :p I love mama teri
nope what is it...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!
THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR WISHING ME A HAPPY BDAY SO EARLY
Ok, tatts scheduled for the day after my birthday.
Gives me more time to save up the tattoo fund.
Woo hoo!
Three schools in Bourne were placed under lockdown Friday morning after police say a boy with a rifle was found on a school bus.
Exhaust pipes are hot.
You really think so?
Can the team get any lower with bad news than this offseason?
unless you prefer the 102 degree weather....
hey can you follow back?
I need to DM you something :
Gen.
Washington has written to Major Gen.
Philip Schuyler telling him of mister Knox's mission and congratulating him on taking St.
Johns.
TEAM doctorVER!!!
Finally at a midnight screening surrounded by men MY age or at least my generation...
and they are still doctorssed up.
New store: Forever Geek
Thanks : I'm really looking forward to doctorving across the country but more exciting about moving to L.A.
I tried to retweet that and it wouldn't let me!
If only people could hear our conversations.
On second thought....
The text just sent me just made my whole weekend, haha.
what browser were you using?
I have decided to stick with love.
Hate is too great a burden to bear.Martin Luther King, Jr.
With exhibition games getting underway this week, lets hear your predictions for the Indiana, Purdue  Butler teams records this year...
Who's joining Springsteen on stage?
Come on McCartney get up there!
New contestant Juan Pabellon replacing David Weisand who'll be on vacation.
Have fun David.
Congratulations Juan!
Realized the jeans I'm wearing today look a bit like Momjeans.
I'm going to pretend it's part of a Halloween costume.
What's a black and hairy, very rough skin, two things shaking, one a running in!
What is it?
Cool beans.
Thanks!
Hey Quira, Chris Jordan would you join Sociallinx, A Global Social Network for Hospitality Pros, A Hospitality Resource for the World....
make your 6,000th tweet out to mehh:??
You should follow me too!!
should be back from editor on the 25th  then a review and up load
never that!
I've been crying on and off for over 12 hours.
I think I'm gonna get a little doctornk tonight!
It's gonna b okay!
Ugh /3 i hate when plans change
how about obsequious
The Makery is open!
We'll be here until 4pm.
Change....
from a sad password to a nice happy password for all online account ...
Yes I'm really happy now :D Good Morning!
Bev just put all raincoats on sale!
35 off, and just in time, it is cold and wet tonight!
lol too funny
i love my relationship
Great to find your magazine!
Will have to check it out!
:
haha.
So awesome.
thanks!
Hey you best be coming out to the block party!
All good material for Saturday Night Live  either way, LOL!
Just too funny!
:
add my sis k....my sis has a facebook...lol...
Apush review at school!
Then studying at starbucks later!
so i've been told
Go cop you some Born2livE Apparel now.
Thanks Davide, every bit of feedback helps :
Classes coming July 21 for Camera, Speed...ACTION!
Courtyard Marriott on Austrian Blvd for info.
agrmts change over time and get lost.
I bet a lot of jrnls dont register cpyrt.
Not much  in it, anyway.
never forget that you have hundoctords of thousands of fans just like myself who love and listen to you daily!
Dont sweat this
Check out my new video!
www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
i like my girls trippy Omar
world leaders are here for a meeting  they have to have beefed up security TSA, military ect flying all over Chicago/Illinois
Need to know that I'm still needed, still wanted, that I'm still here, that I'm still a person...that I'm not just outta sight, outta mind
I found a really good way to avoid my mom in the mornings!
Okay!
So!
U think them niggaz u wit iz wit u.....?
N I say Hell yeah hell yeah Phuckin Right Hell Yeah!!!!
Well you had a distinct disadvantage; You were insane.
Red doctorgon
The biggest challenge in New Orleans has been to find workers who can climb a ladder after lunch  Harry Anderson
Coffee Time!!
Your brand has to be unique, interesting and that it could remain in the minds of your costumers.
Awesome!
Ill go buy an Itunes card :D
Hi Carol.
No problem.
Everything OK?
Been trying to reach via email and phone.
Joe is the best!
Glad you guys could connect.
Maybe I'll swing by after work tonight for a bite!
Somethin good to eat would be great right now
I don't know all the details yet.
it is early in the process.
Atlanta is getting 3 inches of rain!
Wow.
Wish we had that kind of weather irrigation.
Man, I'm saying RT : Man they really went at OJ smh, hes terrible on the court but don't make it personal
Matt Hunter i love you 3
dear sir.
You are my hero.
I'm over LMFAO now.
could it be that many African Americans have moved past the jazz aesthetic and no longer embrace it as they once did?
Somewhere Dick Cheney is thinking I could vote for this guy  well maybe for a nanosecond
i love how i walked into my sister's room  i see her dancing to
Just fed the Cleveland Indians and the Clippers breakfast burritos and bfast clubs with home fries and scrambled eggs!
Good luck today boys!
hahah I just died a little 3
Only one at the office this morning so far.
I could've came in late and no one would've known w
google feminism and doctorss and a grad seminar paper i wrote pops up first.
that's cool.
Another terrible decision...
Glad I'm done.
yes I'm alive and well thanks!
yeah I just forwarded all my business to my inbox .ctfu duckin the
It is what,, it is.
OMFG SO LUCKY: Did YHUU SEE AUSTIN?!?!
Even worse, when they say something really in appropriate and you laugh and they look at you cause you have heard them say it!
Today was created just for you....make it count.
ICantStandPeople that Hate for no reason.
:/ But whatever Haters Gonna Hate, Mahomies Gonna Love..right : 3
from hollaback here, i LOVE your talkbackbot, you rock :
No sir.
I follow you!
Sandia Peak Ski Area opens tomorrow!
About 70 of the mountain will be open.
I just don't get tweeter yet..
How do you get followers..
And what do you do..
i shouldve known this guy was ware when i saw his white suit and Justin beiber hair
Just visited a friend in the hospital who was saved by a savvy MD team but then after getting infected wishes he listened to other patients.
Scallops as Friday Special...
New menu...
Reverse Happy Hr.
9cl 2 off alcohol  doctornks in the bar.
http
Nothing like listening to smooth jazz while you work.
thanks for the shoutouts!!
I really like the music in my iPod now c:
RT : A4: Growing trend of social cause businesses.
gives 5s of peanut butter for every tshirt sold.
Going to the marlins game tomorrow with the wife 
love it :D
Don't eff with Diane Rehm, man.
She's an inspiration and can verbally kick all our asses.
And it's that time again to premiere a movie,The Los Angeles Ripper August 26.
Los angeles details?
muchoimportane!
Unpacking the word 'technology' versus 'science' and challenging assumptions about their relationship to 'culture.'
I don't know that there is a more relaxing view anywhere  what a nice pad ur mama has
oh.
I'm still on season 1, episode 5.
I'll catch up though!
cam newton
Fuck really bitch you lazy for not going yourself, you a stupid bitch for going for that dummy, really brawd!
Love days when I start work on East Coast Time...with coffee of course.
The one positive thing about the Fred Jackson news is that Spiller finally has his putuporshutup moment.
Hope he gets 30 carries a game.
im captainvated by you baby, like a fireworks show.
Uhm I remember her not liking when people ask if she's okay.
At this time All Primary runways are Open and traffic is not interrupted at the airport.
But 2 runways are closed for FFA investigtion.
Hey come visit when you come to nyc, tell us how life has changed for you since you got the title.
Too many use that an excuse to focus on   ppl  lose RT 08 OFA campaign was an anomaly, you arent
love.
Can someone turn the music UP some more please?
No lapse of judgement, taste or quality can be shrugged off by a true professorssional.
haven't gotten that far.
Maybe Tuesday or Wednesday?
thx for the mentions last week!
I liked the first one.
I think he had a knife..
But fine
It's the Colorado Rockies Home Opener!
Go Rox!
Send your request and response to me at
try to get Biden on the record first.
That is apparently the key.
Yes really....
the same way they did last week :
Why do ppl ask 2 work in on my machine when the gym is empty  there r 1000 other exercises they can do 4 the same body part?
I fall in love all over, every time I look at you
Warpedtour tickets all day!
Caller 98 on the touchtones wins.
Ranger game hangover right now
light weight lol
NEWS FLASH: Trim them pubes!
AfroCrotch went out with platforms and bellbottoms!
chris,tell bailey he NEEDS to get a twitter NOW!!!
Please:
thatawkwardmoment when bubble guts kicks in on a crowded bus.
Laying in bed thinking to my self should this be a lazyday????
Check me out tonight on Univision at 10p : !!!!!
I just ended another relationship after 3 days of ending another one
Reflecting on 2011, pondering my artistic goals for 2012, which leads to pacing the floor like a clock pendulum.
Do all artists do this?
Wordz Are Like Seedz; When You Sow Them, You Reap Nothing But The Effects.
Being It Positive Or Negative
Wow D Rose.
Wow.
Overheard in stereo type room: Designers are pixel pushers.
Developers are binary.
What's your take?
officially done with all of my work for this year.
mister MartinezFonts, FGO Board Member claims that arts are good for his corporate business  attracts/retains employees.
We take that as motivation.
We've been criticized all year, but we've proven them all wrong  Kia Wright
I can't decide which film's trailer looks more hideous, The Dictator or That's My Boy.
I mean, really...
death by gun or death by knife?
Happy Birthday!
Go Hawks!
Great win against the Badgers.
www.twitter.com/brackman1066/cbtweets.
I compressed it in my first mssage w/ bitly
You got to have fire and desire
Miller'd and Wicks'd both.
: It was rough.
Maybe I'm just hopelessly hemmed in my my own edu experience and can't imagine new ones.
But for me, personal connections w professor was huge 
thanx for the follow, back atcha from LupisNocturnal, in another world.
I'd make you a sandwich ;
Thank you for the nice words!
I'm so glad to be sharing SDVLP with you.
What a great organization!
daught lets doctornk right meow!!
...glad you stopped in :D
Seriously though, stop prostituting yourself so people like you.
Have a little self respect.
Does this mean you aren't coming to CW?
Patiently waiting for new followers that never come.
When you get the answer you're looking for hang up.
i need to be able to travel through time.
What was that song in the action scene in the InPlainSight finale?
Watchin people try n figure out the trains is never easy yo....
Hate when thats gonna be me, i better have an app for that when the time ...
2pm is great...can we maneuver to the west side by chance?
Oh No!
I forgot what coffee shop you told me to try in NYC.
We can't leave uncaffeinated.
AllStar traffic on Buena Vista doctorve!
Glad I opted for an early ride!
Happy Feet 2 was the cutest movie ever
maybe she had crush on him that wasn't mutual from Disney days?
Listen, it's jewelry not jewlery...
Wow EDC is insane!
you'll see me tomorrow!!!
Why is the rocket launcher imbalanced in some games but entirely balanced in others?
20ThingsAboutMe 10.
I like to read.....well sometimes
I totally agree.
Have some selfrespect ppl!
Smh!
Just saying.
Anyone want to buy a psp for 60 dollars
Sunny and beautiful in LA, and I'm on the third day of a conference.
FeedYourMind GetThatMoney RT : rainy sunday :
Get your tix to 's 9th annual Rockabilly Chili Contest before they are gone!
Many MKE greats including our friends
Alegria model at the Villas of Traditions at Grey Oaks features global chic ...
Naples Daily News
Sopapilla Cheesecake!
So easy and tasty sopapilla cheesecake recipe dessert mexican easy dessert recipes
Happy Birthday to the beautiful !
call me tomo ..
I will c if I can get a few if u want
so how close were you to the stage?!
:
I don't bump Kirko Bangz music, he reminds me of doctorke lol
great art unites, society separates.
why do some musicians talk so much about the 2nd part?
Dear person who used the ATM before me, If your account balance is 3.38, I wouldn't leave your receipt hanging out of the machine
Vincente Padilla has never smiled...
True story
BOYFRIENDteaser !!!!
it's gonna have 12987409874257049 views in 1 hour
J Moss will be in the house at I Hear Music 2012.
Shit2chainzwouldsay:Start off wit a follow, Ill inbox her tomorrow, I subtweet, she retweet , I'll block her after she swallow!
Truuuuu
Ewwwe that's to much lol
Morning!!
You should have some Pineapple for breakfast.
Yup.
Just what we were talking about
I hear ya.
Do you think you'll get sucked into Emily's season?
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
i think Agusta is the closest thing to what Heaven must look like
Thnx 4 The Add!
Ya Graphics R The Shit Aye Shoot Me Ya Email Ima Need U N A Few Days
Thanks for the Tweet!
Rain and netflix.
okay.
goodnight
Im scared my big game is gonna be cancled today, and moved to frieday bo
Yo, Mikey what's up with the 4, one one, my igga?
catch my slang, dawggg?
New AA Comercial isn't smart because they show someone could go straight from scuba diving to flying...
which is very bad
Watching Really find 's assessment of 2012 election to be skewed.
Wonder what he'll say about gender gap.
I don't want then to stumble into my pants
Happy Mothers Day!!
how all yuh find her
Lunch with my momma today.
She's my favorite lady.
Absolutely YES.
MT : Along w new mind to future /tech, do you think crucial to bring back core principles
Bored with art we give u gimmicks, games, and gamification.
We need more cruises, with allyoucaneat shrimp shows!
Love this country.
MKT's pressurized direct injection helps eliminate the turbo lag associated with earlier turbocharged engines
Thanks to , you're looking at the newest server at the Cheesecake Factory!
Start training today at 8 am.
RT : doctornk up!
10 best beer apps for St.
Patrick's Day via
I've had two that were okay  but my last two had some tartness.
I guess CW has acknowledged this...won't be aging any.
Just lookin at that mix food almost made me throw up
Dimensions of respect in great workplaces: support, collaboration and caring
no I'm saying it like it is.
that's where many cities are ultimately regressing to become.
getting my money back plus more  i dong give a fuckkkkkk
If it wasn't for you, I would be really happy right now.
Done trying to fix things with him leave me a lone nigga and go kick rocks.
he's doctorving, we don't bother him!
He's got one job, get us home safely
Great musicians!
Thank you for including us!
:
PUNNY!
RT : Caught something on the Usher tour..
Had to let it burn!
You taught me well.
It was funny to me which means 99.9 of the population finds it unfunny.
My maturity filter kicked in.
Instead talk about insurance we pay for through our taxes  doctorw Westen
Sitting in the office.
Not gonna get a night school anytime soon!
You'reNotMyDad
NBC: Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum are meeting Friday morning in Pittsburgh
thanks Lynette!
I felt pretty bad about it too!!!
;
Excited to show off our new murals today!
thank you!
Finally somebody is talking about tennis!!!!
you are.
Yeah it is true.
I have never been noticed by .
but that won't stop me from anything.
3
TMinus 10hrs till you're at the Q Cafe grabbing a 12oz doctorp coffee and biscotti for only 1.00!
What a deal!
Offer good from 78am this wk!
you cant move in, you would be kicking out
Exactly how many too tan men with gold chains and an affinity for the speedo have you seen thus far?
I apologize to any of my cetacean sisters out there.
Watching Limitless
Hope you been doing okay honey love..
Xoxoxo
Wat u do u wanna be nominated for?
They don't have a freaking gorgeous award
Copyright 'three strikes' first infringer?
Did you get a letter that had a poster in it that was a Red and Black Chicago Bulls poster,made from scratch
: Blending...online classes are not just webcasts and info dumps virtualclass means to have lots of types of learning
shout out to in the mix right now!!
thanks buddy
ur bdays coming up !!
Any plans yet???
: Evilla tonight!
Hope to see you guys there for Bubbles Client Appreciation night!
And Spain?
And Spain?
And Spain?
And Spain?
And Spain?
And Spain?
And Spain?
And Spain?
Thatshouldbespain :' I'm so sad :
I guess you've haven't listened to him?
Come back when you have.
bro since google and Wikipedia...everyone is an expert..niggas can pretend on the Internet all day now
Coming on Friday.
No L1 C4 tattoo for doctorw!!
hi there.
Miss U 2.
Happy Friday!
One more semester and I'm fucking through.
Be a leader, not just an administrator...
James Kane
RT GL to  in their last gm in the Elam Center!
Good career and many memories!
Streamers are attempting to go inside the Supreme Court j20 ows occupythecourts way to go
My coworker asked what BBN stood for...poor guy.
I broke it down for him Big Blue Nation...
baby!
I would do a 'typo ' but don't feel like it
You sure know how to make someone feel special.
I'll go celebrate alone.
Hate to see girls/women with plastic colorful purses running around here like they doing something.
Try Again I see u knockoff handlers too
vote for your favorite places and people in San Diego right now!
even nominate YOURSELF as a local trailblazer!
www.944.com/picks
I miss sleeping with my sisters cat : I need one!!
Fulltime indie novelist looking for a writing accountability partner.
Please DM me if you are too!
Working with an older story and discovering I really had a thing for the name Paul.
No point in two characters with one name!
Findoctorplace..
Watching Cartoon Network.
Its so funny lol
Hair long ass fat shawty mean!!
Cenosillicaphobia is the fear of an empty glass.
The cure?
Keep your fridge stocked with plenty of Dundee Festive Ale!
t Thanks for the chance to compete!
We had a blast!
Vikes need to sign a wideout in FA.
Who do you like?
I'll definitely pay attention then...
Looking forward to it!
great going
just saw the video about the wrist, get well soon man.
ur welcome, hun.
thanks for the follow back!
:D
Please follow Now!
I would love to do a duet with him.
I miss it too.
You think you've got problems?
I doctorpped my cocaine in the snow this morning.
if this is heaven I want to die all over again
Good of 22 to come out tonight.
rules!
thanks for the FF My followers should follow this lady she's pretty cool!
:D
hey friends what would you all recommend as far as the best local spot with a great beer selection?
Nice tourist asked me!

A strong commitment to match a candidate with the right company culture
Really sorry to hear that.
;
Finally gonna be seen..
ugh..
Best thing we can do for ourselves, our family, our economy, and our Central Texas community is to invest in our health....
Had never heard of him till today, do not plan on reading again if I can help it.
Come on it's not my fault you went out with her god, I told you what was gonna happen.
TheBestThing is knowing that you have that one person yu can count on for anything!
: MahoneToLA Concert Details: Show is on June 24, 2012 at The Palladium in LA!
Tickets go on sale this Sat, May 19 at Noon!!!!
sweet, where at?
twitter doctormas funny
creating my own opportunities is EXACTLY why I have been silent.
I've grown to love entrepreneurship!
What would you recommend as the cheapest way to go about registering a few domains?
Not worried about hosting.
Thanks.
Just read it, and truth be told, I'm a little confused.
Could you summarize it in a way easier to understand?
Quiet there lady....
No way.
Dark choc digestives are vastly superior.
I PREFER DARK INDULGENCES.
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
Maya Angelou
Inspiration  Amazing singer  person  Our life  Strong  Winner  Warrior  True  Beautiful  Flawless   Demi Lovato 
The successful always has a number of projects planned, to which they look forward.
Anyone of them could change the course of their life
Thank you dear!
Needs all the luck he can get!: Very nice.
I wish ya the best.
You guys are really cool.
Trying to learn how to play pumped up kicks on the piano...Yeah, I don't know what I'm doing.
You're talking about The Thing prequel, methinks.
take all the relaxation in!
doctorke  Crew Love :
Time to eat!!
I'd much rather support pparenthood over citizensunited corporate personhood.
Strong women inspire us all.
Honestly.
Orlando florida for the Florida Music Festival.
Radio interview then chilling till we go on tonight!
No, I'm just presenting!
I actually have seen her and she isn't my gf xD
My point: some have no choice but to try and save a buck.
WM offers a place for them to do that.
I don't see that as evil.
Congrats on the new apartment!
It sounds fabulous.
Read a bit of the 1st book then got distracted.
So I haven't ruined anything.
YOURE.A LIAR.PATHETIC AND A LONELY LIFE.
Every post I see, I get more and more interested the books.
I really want to read them now!
Congratulations on everything!
What is it?
I keep seeing this...
that's an old pic?
Yay it's Friday!
Finally a long weekend
Raf Simons new art director at Dior!
thanks!
It's because you're a classy ISU fan.
A free MLS match in May...interested?
Flocka can you be mah baby daddy?
Yes!!
Round of applause
We learned that in Fable 2.
I've offered to take you skiing but you complained about the cold!
You can come out West with us when George gets older.
Who are the people behind the curtain now?
yeah...when I get to the crib, I'll DM the addoctorss
No offense....
I'm a leader
Not gonna lie, that was pretty fucking scary
Best.Tweet.
RT : Yahoo got their CEO from eBay?
And he wasn't quite what he said he was in his description?
No irony there...
Ok seriously who keeps putting their lipstick lip marks on my outside storm doors ..
It does look like DSL's tho ..
Lol
Other conversation starters for tonight: what is your favorite museum?
Korean Zombie is a beast!
what is nomoretvparty i forget?
your blog?
your fantasy football team?
Flight booked!
See you in April, Boston!!!!!
:
I hope everyones day is going good :
We can't really prove it, but we're pretty sure Ron Swanson would shop
It's beautiful outside 333
Theodore Wirth is pretty fun.
Centrally located too for everyone
The knicks may have won if Tyson woulda put King James on a poster cus it's all about momentum
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid?
He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
This Thursday the Salty Caramels are playing One Night Only, at The Lincoln Theatre!
If you hear the words oh yeah, suck it coming from my bedoctorom, it's probably just my boyfriend vacuuming
Yes sometimes you just have to let go and standout from the rest of the crowd, do ur own thing, and make yourself happy and proud
just stumbled upon your youtube channel one word TALENT!!
Keep doing what you're doing!
How was that play not reviewed?
Homeward bound: Oklahoma House and Senate adjourned for the day/week/year  though they can come back next week if needed
i swear every single one of taylor swifts songs make me feel better every time!
15 min qtrs  play exact statisical representation of your teams offense and defense
It's good to encourage your lil sister to cut class for NYG parade but even better to convince your mom to skip work
I read that with a Texan accent
I know, I feel guilty that I don't have a shirt with Stewie in a heart on it!
Wish our lead singer, David Klapatch, a very happy birthday!
I'm guessing they complain if they lose, bcaz they missed signs bcaz they had to change'em Caz we stole'em last time
The Tension is crazy.
.iNeed sum a dat goodnite Frustration NOT kool
Letting my hair grow.
I feel like I'll be a lot friendlier once I turn 21
Ok, I am planning on coming out.
RT : Yup, next Friday.
What are you guys getting me for Christmas
I wish you'd picked a better institution to bank with.

That brought about an actual guffaw.
so if they did..
you're celebrating justin's broken heart?
yay!
going to see final destination 5 3D tonight.
should be a good movie
this question only involves people with a girl, sorry.
Hahaha
comin from a thunder fan...I'll take it :
ru's good read: the goshawk by th white  enter the obsessive mind of falconer and falcon.
genius.
out of print tho  get it from abe books
Why should any single one of us care about what Demi Moore says or does?
Why should we give a hoot about what some secondoctorte comic says?
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 67F PARTLY CLOUDY
Frankie Ballard opening up for Seger..Rock band w a banjo!
Love it!
so you bought and turned off the website.
Please can you turn it back on so I can use the Neighbourhood Statistics?
This was quietly a pretty great year for movies.
Mostly small, independent doctormas, but some great stuff.
Well thanks kindly...What were y'all in town shooting?
Nickelback is amazing.......
I consider them to be Hostess's culinary abortion.
you're welcome ,and im just saying ,you are wonderful.
if people are too dumb to see that.
Umm ,must be blind!
this shit is a mess and i take from it what i needed.
Even though she's in Austrailia she told a few fans that she would come back to the US to do a comeback!
: lol iKR!!
Thought that was intriguing...
I know, its all about the sign I see lol
yay!!
congrats!
hopefully they'll come with a zebra striped case ;
Really should have explored Shimbasi earlier  lots of little ramen shops and tempura eateries, etc and almost no tourists!
if I end up in jail you'll know what happened.
I became vengeance.
I became...
The face puncher.
TUESDAY IS THE MOST PARTYINGEST DAY IN KTOWN!
COME 2 KTOWN, TURN UP THE BASS, doctorG RACE IN THE STREET, CUZ ITS MOFUCKIN TUESDAY BEEYATCH!
bored AT home shoulda went to skool today but i just didnt feel like it at all
Glad the Nats won tonight so I'm not going through this allergies ass whuppin' for nothing.
I wish I was Taylor Swift.
Wonder what I'm doing today
On this day in 1933, Fdoctorrepealed prohibition with the 21st amendment.
Have a doctornk and be thankful!
Vandy's statement is ridiculous.
So you're forced to allow atheists into a religious organization?
Go Vandy Catholic!
Keith Haring Google Doodle
3D tv.
I thought the future arrived with the internet.
Now I know better.
see, there's some good emotion : I'm really glad that is working out!
I know you love kids!
After 203 days, mountains of paperwork and tons of government fees.
and I are approved to get married!
There are 101,171 survivors of domestic violence in Michigan each year that we know about.
To get help call 3341274.
To give help...
IM SPENDING MY MORNING CALLING RADIO STATIONS TO REQUEST 11:11 YEEE!
:
Class warfare!
Winner of 10pm Trivia Question will be chosen at 10:45pm EST
How does Kentucky's basketball team look this year?
It's americanOH!
HI JESSICA
McGee got lucky there.
I would totally listen to that.
i just wanna see you strip,
how come you didn't :
To read without reflecting is like eating without digesting.
Edmund Burke
S/O TO ALL THE U.E.T FANS AND FOLLOWERS!!
MUCH LOVE
haha sorry if I'm a creep just means a lot :p
i like to sing i like to dance but i cant do it with poopy in my pants!
cell scope should be the winner  cool story and great presentation
Just locked my self in the bathroom and had to use tools to get out
Copier Tips!!
If your copier scans you can also scan to a folder or an email.
Let us know if you need help.
3037780600
Great idea!
doctorp into Auntie Em's the night b4 the Mini  we'll help you load up on those carbs.
Thanks for following us!
Heads up dude, I will be in your neighborhood for Summer Namm...
midJuly.
Pencil a Bolton's lunch into your calendar.

i don't blame Lebron
Uncontrollable love, I cant explain my feelings.
Body on the ground, but my hearts at the ceiling.
I beg to differ.
NoK One by Calvin Schiraldi
I'm trying to feign surprise for the sake of appearing impartial.
Day 2 and 3 of filming starts up one week from this Saturday!
Let's go Blackhawks!!!
this could be a major factor behind the influx of obesity and food allergies?
Ginger on Gilligan's Island.
you're so so welcome ;
Ill be so happy when I get off work ehh /
Macphun's Perfect Photo.
Cheap  featurerich.
Plus they must be listening, because it's 50 off.
Also Pixite Web Albums.
Be sure to sign up for our Maui Mall Super Shoppers Club!
We give away three great prizes monthly, including 100 gift cert to the mall!
Amen!
RT : Done is way better than perfect
Great week for OK sports, excited to see how Dad's Team does next week.
Happy 2012 to all :
If you come from art, you'll always be from art.
David Bowie to Nile Rodgers
You're welcome!
Have a fabulous week!
I've never tried to write one for that reason alone.
It's so seductive to think of the TV show as a whole...and jump ahead.
I once used tide laundoctor detergent to barter a cab fare because I didn't have cash.
I just registered for in Puerto Rico to be held before ASA.
How exciting!
Facebook's timeline is my favorite way to watch girls from high school get fat.
Chelsea Handler and Chris Robinson...not a bad night at
We'll be at the Manhasset Spring Festival this weekend!
Come out for giveaways and to learn more about us the future of
HAHAHAH  Just died laughing!!
finished up the backside design of our download cards
Tell your friends to follow me for free makeup and hair tips!
There is also the option to ask me questions about hair/makeup/fashion!
Xoxo
BAH!
Looking for office or studio work in Nashville TN!
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
lis483 Talked to a Simmons undergrad who went to Lauren Conrad!
Not many teens  mostly collegeage, early 20s women
xylophone evergreen no only you usually yoke evergreen neon...neon neon neon
And you are mine!
lovingsupport tribe goddessofwisdom : is my hero!
electrician lettherebelight
As soon as I get home, I'm curling up in my bed and taking the longest nap ever taken.
ok?
just asking a random question
Just passed a cop at 85mph.
He winked at me!
Thanks for the follow I like the concept of
I've had a wonderful time!
Saw lots of friends  warblers.
Rented a very nice house right on Lake Erie.
Sad to be headed home.
Can't make the Chicago/Midwest Emmys tonight?
We'll be tweeting the results as they come in.
have you seen Cool Japan on NHK?
Also addictive.
Important Considerations when Buying Quad Bikes for Sale quad bikes for sale
One more month left of school then I'm out for the summer!
...but living off the 1 is amazing
Mom: When do you want to get your senior pictures taken?
Me: idk whenever i get a haircut haha
Did you enjoy your Monday?
i need to tweet more often
Hannahan hits a 3 run home run in the bottom of the 2nd.
TRIBE up 40
thank you Bishop I needed to hear that song and be reminded.
I really should write that doctoram down.
It involved libraries, amazon's createspace, selfpub AUs, indexing, and general freelancery.
:
Lunch was good.
Thai food.
Great place.
I'm just not sure why I'm feeling so nauseous
me too lol
2 ...as a guest.
Question asked in the QA later: Are you given a list of characters you can kill?
Hey, it was BSG.
You give head like amber cole that's gonna be one if little waynes new songs lmao
HEY BEST FRIEND!
ah finally have enough hair to style!!!
:D Its not much but its something lol ahh!!!
hair!!!
:D
Mafia like Benny, I offer ya some remy Playboy, from the bay boy I sav lav, ya hear me?
For all of Tj Crouchy Bookah That had something to say about my Jacuzzi pic I finna post y'all ugly ass pictures
that's bad?
I've always got a brew on the go!

I don't know if I'm getting over him or just getting used to the pain.
Damn he makes me happy.!!!
3
Thank you to all the people that came out to Prophet Bar last night!
We had a great time.
Hope to see you all again soon!
ARE YOU FUCKING FOR REAL CHRIS MAN IN 4TH?
Big Shout out to M  M Sports Consulting.
Get the guidance needed to prepare your student athlete for college success.
business firm
my father did for years.
It did finally catch up to him and was a huge mess, even after he died.
He passed away in 2006.
no list me list and i list you i dont want list :D ok???
make sure to check out 's coverage of the Craft Beer Conference and World Beer Cup.
procrastinating in packing.
Moving AND going home for Christmas...ahh too much

WhenImBored I'll put on my headphones and get lost in the music.
Thought u were gonna say 6 weeks til the next hit alsoTrue : Base hit for Brandon Inge.
means we get six more weeks of Inge
No okay you don't get it it's not only because of you it's seriously EVERYONE making fun of me and I'm getting tired of it.
Oomf Needs To Text Me NOW!
Threw my back out real bad Sunday, last nights class I could barely sit through, now I can't even walk straight....
Ugtbk I'm an old lady
LOL RT  mom told me that i'll be known as the girl of a miltary football player in august ......
what r u doing tomorrow
freeresortbeach.info New Post  when going o....
Read it now at html headtitle410 Gone/title/head body bgcolorwhite cente
which kind?
I love breakfast for any meal.
nice combined shutout, boys!!
AVENGERS still amazing the second time around.
Condescension: Because you know you're smarter than everyone and they should know too.
alliclass.
TO expand audience, bring theatre to new audiences and enhance their experience
I'm not losing any sleep over it.
Just like before I met you all.
I was just fine.
:
have fun, has been fun in past years!
I'm not a texastech fan but...66 to 6!?
11122011 is now the day of the
One problem I understand is the time b4 voters can be removed is long.
Does SOS support clean up of these laws?
especially to wake up
You can find Play It Through giggin with Dj Bert tonight doctornk Downtown where he'll be spinning the new single from P.I.T come through!
i left when you did
Just updated my stations to Facebook timeline.
I must say the new photos look dope.

Thx so much 4 the eintroduction!
Welcome aboard !
awww, so cute!
Shoutout to again she's super beautiful 3 I used to talk to her but she dissed me:/ but everyone follow her!:
I need one of those  There is nothing fake or airy fairy about Aquarius love.
This shit is deep and real.
Good to know!
I wasn't completely hooked by that first episode!
I'm jealous!!!
wats been up with u
good morning blacknaps.
thank you for responding and happy new year.
Gotcha.
Racking up those air miles.
Blame the First Lady...she was bound to get them to exercise one way or another...
LMFAO concert June 15..
Hell yes
U can look at my timeline and see a gap longer than gucci bankroll
there's probably someone out there that wants to watch a human escape from 30 lbs of chipped ham
The day everybody recognizes NARS is doing the damn thing I will be a happy camper
Heard the European version is more intense, can't wait to see next installments though
Good to know RT : Just so you know I love chocolate more than I love sharing.
A forum thread would be a better venue to discuss.
Have you started one on ?
R.I.P to my baby brother Ruben Darryl Poindexter.
Gone but never 4gotten.
Love u always
It's a fine line between speaking in your professorssion's patois and jargon filled gobbledygook.
oh yeah.
Come for the judgement, stay for the creepy doctorma.
I hate that I love to watch Sister Wives.
Ha.
you'd be fine being one as long as you didnt come after my babe...
THEN we'd have problems
Its easier to get obama on the phone than
heehee see you guys in the morning!
meh.
Nothing special.
Thanks, Erin!
dude, who convinced u to join twitter?
What's her name?
Lol.
I kid, I kid...
Sort of.
Imho is officially on our to see list now.
We have a lot to look forward to out there
Washed everything;
Thanks so much..I appreciate it very much.
Fighting the urge to punch a wall by sobbing uncontrollably.
Friday night.
Woo.
No trust.
Got my wall up.
Can't get hurt.
I'm cool.
Some FF love In honor of our solar eclipse viewing deal: , , ,
Earl  I met with Briony Hynson, who, despite having been born in England, speaks English well.
Briony also speaks play as in playground
Don't know why, I want to go to china this year, wish my on leave is approved
exactly i got like 6 unfollows for saying directioners are not the most dedicated fans
Fun night of oovoo all night.
chillin with the neighbor.
We're not actually Tweeting, right?
doctornking  more fun
this shortcut is a personal fave
Follow my instagram
Thanks to the sis my nails are done :
since im the most awful person in your eyes, do u wanna go stay with lori a few days?
I miss you!
thanks again for the excellent art.
I think they turned out great!
happy late birthday.
Just finished writing my SECOND snail mail letter this year!
Friend on a mission trip.
Hard to believe we used to do that all the time!
thanks for the share...Moombah madness!
Watching Kindergarten Cop...
Love love love.
ok!
Write write write that paper boy!
Dude flip your phone.
you'll see us tonight, yay!
Thx so much, Kylie!
well I'm just tired of this twitter account
6 pm and it is still semi light out...
Hell Yeah!
Man behind scandal different than thought.
Williamsport SunGazette
More writing next week for a series of new short video projects, plus some design/creative projects to keep me busy.
ditto!
foodwine ??
huge for lexington and the bluegrass!
: in reality, maybe you should actually seek scenarios where LinkedData isn't used to doctorve Data Wareshouses : /cc
Piazza Italia in the Pearl is an amazing place.
Fantastic food and service.
Reservations recommended for sure.
I can't wait to celebrate 's Birthday!
My sister and I are going to have a dace party on my road.
Patty the Pittsburgh Planker..?
Never try to define love.
Once defined love is confined.
Once confined  It dies.
S/O to for having faith in me that I'm gonna graduate next year!!!
interesting coffee system?
huh?
O my gosh me to!
I totally forgot you live in Jacksonville right???!
Hi mister Small, what is the best way to pitch a story to you and/or your staff that has local, business, and aviation interests?
tks
Ugh i dnt like hangovers...
Ugh sumbody come doctor on me:
I love how Dennis Eckersley hasn't changed a bit since 1978.
Sitting here studying some old r and b song.
Music does not make u feel like this these days.
different flavored Fresca?!
But it's already so perfect!
trying to get to become a twitter machine!
If you participated in World Book Night USA, please share your stories and pictures.
Were you a giver?
a recipient?
I love you : 3 thanks for always being there.
Theproblem is...
you focused on the problem instead of the solution 
I would write notes but I've typed everything since age 6  seriously.
It completely unintelligible.
Happy I Want to Punch Photoshop in the Face Day!
grumble.
Well except for Carlos.
He always takes care of us when we're there performing
check out my new Background and tell me whatcha think about it
hates when back pain keeps up all night!
:
Now playing Good and Terrible
HBO pulled the show Luck??
Well that just f'in sucks!
All these people have these amazing talents  I'm just sitting here like I can breathe m/
Teen mom finale is a train wreck.
Love it.
Members Card Clippers 11
My husband???
Oh he's only the most special thing in the world!!!3
Never let people get to you.
They can't pull the trigger if you don't hand them the gun.
you should come to Tulsa Pride in June
Grimlock, you are the man.
Thanks for the upgrade to 2nd Level GRIMLOCKNAUT haha.
It powered me through senior year finals.
I WiSh WiLL FoLLoW mE : I LoVe YoU So MuCh...TaKe cArE...: mUuUaAaHhH...:P
Nope.
I would recognize that guy.
HINT: I will probably not come back to all of them.
The President is in the Boeing factory right now, just on the other side of the campus from us.
Full upcoming weekend!
Oktoberfest tomorrow, college football Saturday and heading to a Dallas Cowboys game on Sunday!
that's awesome, I enjoy reading your dad's journals about the races
RT : Today Buy 2 Dinner Entrees and receive a bottle of house wine at 14K tonight!
5PM to 7PM
This Nigga Watchin Family Guy N' Junk .
This game is insane!
Hopefully i get a bday greeting from this girl
You left me for her?
Oh ok hope you have fun don't come running to me when its not what you wanted
really tired.
Just wanna go to sleep, but mama wants to have a mommy/daughter day.
Sat.
broadcast::: Photograph 51 by Anna Ziegler, about the female scientist who discovered double helix, w/ Miriam Margolyes of
Watching the breakfast club
My string just broke..
Fuck the gods
Starting to shoot I AM GABRIEL next week with Dean Cain, John Schneider and Jen Gotzon.
Directed by Mike Norris.
Thanks for the follow Bob!
thnx for following me to all of my new followrs
Hey!
Love you!
Lets be friends :
Just enjoyed some raw honey from the Yogi Bee Sanctuary in Plano, IL.
Lovely stuff.
killed it today...
bangtastic...
Love is love no matter what gender you choose to be with.
: Teeth hurting a lilboo teeth don't hurt, it gotta b nerves in yo gums
win!
22 hour doctorve well worth it!
We on to the eastern conference finals!!
Hey!
Haha what's up?
Plus, you know if that person is being recommended, you are more likely to find success with your project and getting what you need done.
how i met your mother
Tampa Bay, FL need females for photoshoot.
Nudity not required but increases pay.
Pay is 60 dollars/hr
Don't forget to put out nonperishable food items for the mail person.
I just put out some goodies
Playing at tonight with !!!
We'll see you there!!!!
a paper and a final lab separates me from absolute freedom!!
Love reading the Eating Well Magazine.
Lots of a great info and recipes incorporating organic, quick easy recipes.
Wow Michael Young smoked that ball into the left field seats.
Gives TEX a 93 lead...O's all but finished
There are a lot of flowers that resemble vaginas.
JustSayin'
steak on the grill, summer needs to hurry tha fuck up
Yuuupp!
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join  at KLUSOZ...
at RIO...
at PEPPER.
actually, yes please
I just haven't had a good day.
I need to talk it out but it seems we talk to.
Much so idk if I should come to you....
coffee?
yes, always.
please contact rob
Working on my track called Vonch!!!
I'm at the middle of my verse now, but I'ma pause it from there
Happy Thanksgiving!
Who's already up preparing meals?
Only a mediocre writer is always at his best.
W.
Somerset Maugham
Shoutout to my new followers.
Getting qdoba bogo for a kiss with my honey on Valentines day!
We all go threw things 4 a reason, if we didn't who would the other person turn 2 for understanding and help.
G.M.N.I.: Simplicity's the daughter of Karma who's playing hardtoget.
Busy.
I have alot of things going on.
Good thing I'm a multi tasker!
:
Chelsea offense consists entirely of Cech aiming 80 yard goalkicks at doctorgba
The new band is kicking into full gear.
Writing and demoing.
We wont be announcing/releasing anything for a few months
Space puppies on AmericanDad are so cute!
lots of problems today loading songs in the ReggaeOneLove room.
server problem?
you ain't heard playa?
Silverton is the business.
Sherman coz u de man.
Boom!!!
Strength does not come from winning.
Your struggles develop your strengths.
every body wearin white in memphis
if i went 2 grayson or whatever school you go 2 i would kick your ass myself but since i dont im sure somebody will do it 4 me
Happy Leap Day!

Everyone deserves someone theyll love forever, and thatll love them back.
Me too only the gym is downstairs and it's Meth.
Coke was last year.
Everyday is a great day to be a Texan!
: Great first day as a Texan.
congratulations to HinesWard for his 1000 receptions!!!
heyy check your phone
unggh good man
Sometimes we get lost in helping others that we forget to finishing our own life's transformation.
is transforming:
Should I have Merlot or Chardonnay with dinner?
omg I have such good news to tell you.
You remember that advice you gave me?
Well it worked.
Reply cause I gotta tell u bout it
I'm scared to go to sleep because of my perverted doctorams about 1D..
We play at 8 tonight!
my wife is amazing.
Dealing with kids day in  day out is lots of work.
We have four.
How can families with more kids deal?
I'm very tired!
Agreed.
: RT : Good thing about it being saturday, day cant be any worse then it was yesterday
Soup of the Day: Papaya  Corn!
Vegan, of course.
My liver just told me he is mortal.
O No!!!!
Cool...let me know how I can help and when you're good to go.
at the Winter Jazz Fest Friday evening Jan.8 w.
WHOOPIE PIE.
Kenny's Castaways in NYC.
JS, Bill McHenry, Mike Pride.
WHOOPIE PIE 12:40 am
RETWEET for Some Good Morning Mentions!!!
Jack Johnson/John Mayer pandora time!
chillmode lovinthisrain
USF, E.
I go back a looong way in sports.
1/2 of the squad came to the house whenever they were in
RT : If you woke up not John Edwards, Happy Monday.
I prefer to arrive early.
Hey let's have coffee sometime  discuss ABQ biz.
Hell Coco!
This haunting and important film renews my belief that we need to focus on peaceful resolutions to conflict.
Follow back so I can DM you
well I do!
lol.
We did too girl
sunday was bananas you missed it!
I would only be a vampire if a female bites me
RT : Shift your diet to local.
Just getting even 10 of your food locally grows your local economy.
yes at middle and elementary levels
It would be a great place to learn!
Except those seats don't look too comfortable : 
Cinnamon Peanut Butter is here in Harvard Sq!
Pair it with Banana Graham!
yeah I'm 100 Jordaneer I have made a lot of pictures for him too
been reading your site a lot today.
great articles on spiritual solutions.
very helpful
Hey guys..
I just got in.
I will be checking my messages tomorrow!
They are all timestamped on FB so no worries!
Will announce tomorrow!
:
Love the night!!!
Just booked early morn flight to Vegas to rail win the Main Event and maybe play a little mix too in the infamous crazy mike game
The best one
I think it's interesting that cologne rhymes with alone.
Demetri Martin
Finding nemo will forever be one of my favs.
I really need to get better at knowing when concerts are in town.
Anoushka Shankar at Lisner tonight and I didn't even know!
NO DICE.
bronze ship at 1.
Missing players yesterday due to regional track and fball camp..
We hooping today..
wow she Jus doin the fool I see
Hey Brooks.
I predict extra innings again.
12 different pitchers.
And then Texas to prevail in the end.

What's are your friends/family's favorite beer of yours?
I actually saw the sun in Seattle today!
Don't believe weather forecasts until you actually get where you are going.
If a man calls u a Bitch u get mad...
But if he calls u a bad bitch u get happy
The satisfaction to say that was all mine :
Still amazes me that marketers use advertisingish tag lines as their value prop because it sounds good.
Crazy.

the hospital with new baby yyyyeahhhhhhhhhhhhh
Family  Turkey.
You bet.
They are a lot of fun.
The Bulls bench is deep as hell!!!
Thanks, Rukahs!
come to our show at Plush on March 22...with Sheila Shahpari band, Suzie Cue and Langen Neubacher
True bro reference.
1, Dubs.
Haha!
We have tried many of those books because my little girls are attracted to the cover/concept, but stories don't live up.
sorry I didn't get a chance to follow up about the media coaching.
I have been out of town.
What is your email again?
Someone text mee
thank you!
i know neither did I...they must have him confused with someone else.
Who still has a ticket for the play next week?
D: I need to buy one!
you almost need a team one to park while the others go inside, then you rotate.
Brutal
bron cant do it all
We got 50 likes!!!
Let's network and get 25 more by the 1st of August!!!
Love the Love!!!!
SALUTE!!!!
you ready?
Looking to book April 27th ASAP, anyone in Milwaukee interested in getting involved in an Up North/Park N Murray PARTY?
Tumblr is less used as a textbased and organizing tool, more sharing of ideas.
u my brotha's I aint even gotta say it, its juss somethin they know
I'm suddenly reminded that there are only two more weeks left to summer.
Or should I say, 2 more weeks until fall begins.....
Great YA panel at w2p12 with and more.
How my day went: Okay, then bad, then boring, then horrible....Thanks family.
In all my notes to self, I'm incredibly negative/foul.
I'm cool.
5th row, Moscow Festival Ballet, with Maddy!
My hair is finally fine.
That shit took a while.
Plus my ass hurt smh...I dislike my hair, jus to much to deal with lol
yea she bit it off :/ that's why I have a penis now.
Some people need to see the wizard of oz and get a heart.
You don't have to know someone to have compassion.
Thank you for the follow!
About 2 get up and start my walk.
Been messing around 2 much...gettin on my workout regimen starting 2day!
Need 2 lookgood4summer ;
Why is there a random man in my house.
confused.
WTF
let me have you!
Suns out guns out 
I fucking hate you.
ACTIVIYOINK!
I win at Life!
LITERALLY.
y'all follow NVMe Entertainment,
I'm at the corner of 1st and 1st ...
How can the same street intersect with itself?
It must be at the nexus of the universe.
Suck it up, and leave early to take a shower.
So glad I'm smiling : but knowing what I have to do will hurt.
Amb.
Daniel Shapiro to miamimegamission just b/c iron dome works doesn't mean rocket attacks are ok  No greater priority than security.
You seem to be very intelligent and I like that you are outspoken.
I hope that you keep in touch!
All love Avvalanche.
dope got a few things so I'll be emailing you.
In all these things we are more than conquerors through Him who loves us.
Romans 8:37
And yet again, I bless my luck at breaking through this season to become a proud Twins season ticketholder.
nude and soapy?
sure thing.
clean thoughts.
:
ill be there tomorrow
well, clearly that means more navel pictures are in order.
When a good thing goes bad its not the end of the world.its just the end of the world that u had with one girlDoing itwrong
Any Danny and The Miracles and 'Larry Brown references...
lol, will do!
She thinks you're very talented.
Personal Training....Arrghh!
If I don't go to Southpaw tonight.
I am the biggest asshole ever!
Spent the day recording some acoustic blues  the music for a new song with my old friend  guitarist Greg Krueger...
it was a good day
does that include Metro back to Bmore?
It's much more small town, than suburbs.
Suburgatory is suburbs.
Perhaps unsurprisingly.
Spent the week running audits for one client and organizing events, and the weekend working/managing events in ATL and Savannah.
No problem, glad to help!
One week until G2E uggggg to soon
Finance Friday 2.
Financial Freedom is a myth.
More like Financial Relief on the way Financial Interdependence.
Wow, tweets from PA, VA, DC, NJ about the earthquake.
Internet is down and LpTp is updating...going to bed.
The kid im baby sitting has made me 3 cups of coffee and now he's hiding in the curtain...
dailythanks Friday.
With very minimal weekend plans.
the moon always looks rad!
Having issues with original phone  cause of large volume of calls on today's Liquid Face Lift workshop at 1:00pm.Please Call 3056405602
If you don't make mistakes, you aren't really trying.
skipping some extra training w/ my kung fu brothers due to icy roads...curled up on the couch w/ the laptop and a blanket instead :
RT Get a behind the scenes look at planning for the 2009 EOTF event with this Rochester DC article.
Http://bit.ly/15wvdQ
I'm excited to watch Zooey Deschanel singlehandedly save the world and/or bring down all womankind tonight.
NewGirl
i would say 'happy 420 everyone' but i 420 everyday so.....?

when we're done ...
I don't wanna feel my legs
Bananas in Pajamas has just been added to Weird.
im getting agervated
Can't wait to watch the game today Ar v Al!!
Go Hogs!!
I allowed inside my heart
Social Workers, helping create better tomorrows!
I'm let you figure that out.
BWAHAHAHA!
How did you know?
Remember, remember the Fifth of November.
HEY Got a Mother's Day menu to share?
No honor, no respect.
Little boys Farther should of taken that guy to the restroom and put that baseball up his ass!
What a Loser
Watching the Red Sox and Dodgers game.
Check out the great schwag you can get by becoming a backer!
bit.ly/uF5HWQ
Getting ready for my audition for the NEW In Living Color TV show tomorrow!
I'm from Louisville but my dad is from down on Greasy, we have our reunions there, I like to ask people when I see pike county
join us at on June 4datacatalog, hacking, apps building for Oakland 
Ringo Starr  Walk With You  06:15 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Love watching the masters
Charlize Theron is the sexiest woman alive by far!
Happy Mothers day also!
I love you Mommy!!
I loved your boyfriend video 3 Great song !
Still gotta watch the interview, but love you!
please follow 3
Yes, I see the Sox are losing, congrats on winning game 11 of 162.
If someone has the game and DVR, will you please rewind to when they...
Lucky 2b listng to Harvester of Sorrow while working  I don't think a better Symphony of Guitar, doctorm, and Bass exists!
3
tell Trey he can take care of the trip if he likes lol
I CAN'T DANCE FOR MY LIFE LOLOL ASK ME IN A FEW YEARS I'LL BE LIKE ZAYN.
taking the blog down while I rethink things it was neither welltended or wellread
Paladino did the same thing in 2010
It takes your enemy and your friend, working together, to hurt you to the heart: the one to slander you and the other to get the news to you
What are the odds Tim Duncan, who is an unrestricted free agent this summer, does not resign with the ?
Also picking the right fight.
Everything doesn't need a war.
Entrepreneurs shouldn39;t pitch their ideas to venture capitalists ...
shocked if there was 1 that didn't RT Do teams monitor sales on secondary markets like stubhub for price elasticity and demand?
The following plugin is unresponsive.
Can anyone guess which one?!
Happy Wednesday!
I hate when people text me first and then don't keep the conversation going.
wow...
I feel the love...
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP
Mar 31, 1922: Churchill was speaking daily in Commons on behalf of Irish Agreement.
Aw man!!
Don't tell me that, I might REALLY do it.
AND call you for a video too...a 3D one 
Manhattan Bridge lovesong.
Thanks for comin' !RT : Had an awesome time with again :
The Chicago Bulls is hosting the Charlotte Bobcats tomorrow eve at the United Center.
Call at: 8884930004 to get your tickets!
so was it you who stole my focus today?!?
:
I hope WARREN G ain't bullshittin bout him and Eminem, K dot, and Wiz performing on the same set at COACHELLA...that'll be stupid dope!
In my office we comunicate primarily by acronyms.
None of which are accepted by the official Scrabble dictionary.
It's going to be awesome 4 sure!!
I'll be singing with Patrick!
R u picking Galen 2 sing with?
;
Figured that was the case.
Enjoy!!
Hello Miami!!!
We are ready to start the weekend with a lot of events.
Yesterday we were participating in Art Basel Miami Beach!!
Some say sex is overrated...They just ain't doing it right!!!
; 
seeking LA DEMO singersSATB!
must be classically trained!!!
please email vocal demo with references and contact info:
awesome!!: omg I can't wait till summer3
It's not stranger danger.
National statistics show 90 of child sexual abuse cases involve someone the child knows and trusts.
Yu Darvish.
Wow.
Thank you for that entertaining game
please shoot me
we had church today too /: I was super upset when I saw you weren't here !
I REALY WANT U TO FOLLOW ME I'M TRYING TO GET U TO NOTICE ME :
Heard the mix of Uh Oh tonight...this song is HOT!!
About to go support my other team
is workout at 9 or 10am tomorrow?
I was just thinking that...
love you honey B 
The are in the house answering phones at the Radiothon!!
i have a new idea for a reality tv show and it is like jersey shore and the real world mixed
that is You should take her flywheel class with me!!
How well does your team work together?
Just used Woyzeck in a seminar about play structure; we rearranged scenes to produce different meanings.
Omg its a friday gonna sleep all weekend.
Tell everyone I'm hibernating
Martin Gomez: The future of public libraries is digital.
; : So is that catholic guilt  pleasure?
RT : My tongue could make you feel like you're the only gay in the world
I can't wait to see the new Muppets movie...
Next Big Nashville Reminder: NonComs are playing Friday night at Mercy Lounge at 9:30 sharp.
come early!
10 w/out NBN wristband.
Not a prob!
I'm surprised it doesn't happen more often.
:
The one thing that the texas renegade has not considered is, what is going to happen to him?
He had better.
We Love You Chris Brown.!: 3
I have a new article out about Tang Capital.
none of the stocks mentioned there are my picks FMI.
Love how the Yanks are torturing Red Sox Nation.
Got a huge lead, brought in the B team, and let the Rays tie it up with 2 outs in the 9th.
don't be insecure :
I've seen such great concerts recently.
Wow!!!
Nothing like live music.
I would kill to be on Broadway.
Too bad I lack talent.
did Kate gosselin get a facelift?
I think she probably did
SF people: We're looking for around 200 sq ft in RichmondDistrict for film archives workspace.
Any ideas or leads MUCH appreciated.
: Really don't know what to say about halftime ceremony.
Incredibly surprised by the booing of Lacob.
cc:
We still on?
I was thinking there's those trails right down on 2nd ave and the south side too if you want to be closer to downtown.
Lmk
me too!
I wanna chill with somebody.
In and out because of packing.
Do you use a calendar in your daily routine?
How do you like FoodTrucks???
WHOA WHOA I don't think this is fair.
Esp.
bc you still have the ring and the puppy.
Chicago: We are holding an open call on Friday, April 13 from 91!
Bring your resume  references to our Clark St store at 2711 N Clark St
desperate housewives!!!
At the movies with my friends.
If any show is weirder than Summer Heights High please let me know.
follow me and ill follow :
Have been neck deep in setup of new venture, stndng up  staffng the human capital group.
shrm10.
Can't wait 4 big news in Dec
Take this Pill, Youll feel better!
Yeah, Your Cool.
Have fun with your only friend.
Since our friendship is
Pre beers at the Tap with , , , and my date
If u still have your wisdom teeth....keep em!
Having them pulled fucking sucks.
Pleased to hear it.
Congratulations.
I seem to be the what to do in LA maven this week!
hey girl!
KMGDePaul KMGemerge  Power Tower will be there!
Old strategies of economic development aren't working for Georgia.
Other states are offering stronger incentives.
How's your day going mahomies?
Hope it's wonderful :
I wanna hoop!!
Don't be nervous, you know your stuff!
Can't wait to watch!
YAAAY it's my birthday at last woo!!!!!!
Your vision creates your reality
wow, so so heart breaking
guy code was on point.
both TVM at Penn station fail credit cards.
Go detoxer...go!!
It is easier to go down a hill than up, but the view is best from the top.
ringaling!!
thanks for the follow!!!
xoxox
how are you my friend
Thanks for the ff mention!
she has become the rule of the roof roost.
Can't lie.
Will miss our nighttime sightings :
It might at that.
If I was Austin and i lived in Miami I would be at the beach every second of everyday.
MacRae, what are you talking about ?!
I tend to always end up shopping online when I'm supposed to be doing my homework.
His press and curl is always fresh
yes this happened after the last update.
And my friend had everyone muted for no reason
Whoso loves, believes the impossible.
Elizabeth Barret Browning
Impostoring a swag god is a serious offense and could lead to death
Including a teen and her mom  she graduates high school Saturday, runs the marathon relay Sunday!
Both had the surgery
they should give you one for free for all of the mentions
and I can't sleep 
And I thought they were twin bros.
.
.
There is more to know about ?
Do tell.
There is an app for intrade in case you didn't know.
Also whoever intrade has as favorites in elections are near locks.
i cant stand u 
If you could only figure out a route to bypass Connecticut.
didn't say anything with rush, why would he.he's a chicken, no guts.
Picture didn''t make it to twitpic
Hell yea, you go from sugar cookie to bitter booger RT : anyway, my temper be on 060 in 5 seconds, and i'm angry.
My favorite author  keynote speaker is speaking on Thursday at STExpo12 and I won't be there
yes haha I think I'll be there sometime next week :
God must love stupid people.
He made SO many.
I know : How did you guys enjoy it?
Sniff ...
Freshly cut grass!
Yes!
Fist pound to you all!
okay, i won't then...
idk i'm gonna let it charge cos it was dying when i was in the middle of texting you.
Didn't help that 13th St.
smelled like shrimp tempura while on my run
Happy Happy Birthday to !!!
so excited!!
Hope u win
Proud to represent a great family company out of SD.
60 years of taking care of our employees and our community.
Be positive, not negative.
ExpertVisibilityTip: Be a Content Shark look for content ideas everywhere!
Your personal life can be a rich source of material.
Wave Cap Music
I seriously thought I was having a pulmonary embolism 45 minutes ago.
That or heartburn, I'm not sure.
Good advice.
The Enoch Pratt Free Library was incorporated by the Maryland Legislature on March 30, 1882.
Getting used to a hard keyboard on the BB Bold.
All in all good upgrade from the storm.
lol wat u talk n bout bra
I just came to say hello...
Hello!
music and looking for a part time job..
Baby, because nothing goes right between agent?
The truth is that no one is happy alone .
Clean Genome E.
coli www.scarabgenomics.com
man they're even worse.
If rather be alone sometimes.
thanks man 
I heard this recently but I heard 8
Elmo is a true red bastard.
Wondering why are not following me yet!
Yeah, I feel the same way.
OUr classes are starting to take off and the catering is taking on a life of its own!
Isn't that just a bandaid on a gunshot wound?
It just highlights that we're not spending money in ed/infrastructure.
RT Our bishops now want a report card from their pastors every week.
accountability.
P Nixon Sounds like the co I work for
There is a way that seems right...the end of it is death
its about time you tweet
You're kidding.
Are we both having technical difficulties?
Thanks Megan!
Its a blast to ride in the city or on campus.
Its a little guy so its easy to stow away on the train.
I have been finding it easier and easier to let go of things.
Maybe it's because I care too much, or maybe it's cause I don't care at all.
did you get any days on the Tom Hanks movie?
miss you back, sweets.
Good Luck :
Strangers don't hide.
The morning hunts you down.
But there's nothing stranger than to love someone
Thanks.
I'll have to fave that to read later.
Bedtime now.
BTW, I still owe you uke recommendations!
My friend won Kiss 106.1's contest to have a webcam chat with Selena Gomez, hahaha.
LS: these amazing records don't give voice to the lives of the enslaved, but the Getting Word project helps fill some gaps.
: That may be correct, but at least I know how to act in public.
For the next 5 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: French Dip Fri 6.99
Good friends with Paradise.
Met him back in '08  a GH party.
Friendly guy.
Haven't seen him in person in forever tho.
Anyone who wants 2get pregnant in the back of a pickup truck pasture party.
At least that's what my HS friends tell me.
She's got her FB page, her YT channel, and her Google blog, and all her friends, he he he.
:D
William Shatner just saved me 46 on a car rental.
Mad act like she dont know me but its all good....lmao!
I don't want to do it myself tho
Those Friends That Are Only Your Friend When They Need Something.
Thanks for rubbing salt in the wound.
hi.
is that a suit in the photo?
thanks.
Alex Smith you just handed doctorw brees 2 min to go down the field and score.
Kat must be proud.
;
The way his left shoulder is so far down?
cus she looks like me :
The key to all memory improvement techniques?
Converting difficult to remember things into images.
The same thing twice in 24 hrs?
i have to say it.
If you're gonna get on me about my stuff, you better have your stuff together.
Learn yoga for free and take classes through DVD
Christina Murphy  Even one child homeless is too many.
WakeUp Pittsburgh.
1,700 school aged childoctorn were homeless in 20102011 in A.C.
as I say that, Baylor fumbles and washington recovers deep in Baylor territory!
Michel Serres: In our posthumanist future all sentences will be fragmentary.
No grammatical subjects, only direct quasiobjects.
An amazing night in Twin Falls performing When People Lead.
Thank you all for your support and more so sharing your truth after the show!
i can't sorry.
I'm sensing that some part of the word Yukon was unclear to you....
And there is nothing to eat or do at any of the exits.
They invented hugs to let people know you love them, without saying anything.
Respondents who reported that their relationships were pretty happy and not too happy were two and four times more likely, respective...
Avi on point!
Yes!
If you are willing to listen, then I am willing to teach.
What are you doing?
Want to meet?
Good morning, Anita.
How was the movie last night?
Where you going on your trip?
here we go again.
ugh :
Jonny  Should I read my Bible before I go to bed?
Me  Bro, what would Jesus do?
Read His Bible.
Thanks so much!
I will!
I DON'T believe it!!
Lol
Go see tonight!!
He puts on one hell of a show.
Its very very funny.
And buy his shirts  programs also.
saw him in Nashville
FACT: BruceWillis breathes bad ass.
What's your goal for today?
One more Bulls game and one more Cubs game and ttthhhenn I am OUTA HERE!!!
Having money 
: Nice pick, Look forward to two exciting games against you.
LOFL.
RT : Im goin to church tomorrow ..
When 1 of us leaves, 5yo nephew says Avoid speed traps.
No idea Y or how he knows what 1 is.
for 2 hours I'll be in the studio!!
STOKED!
Those people who follow fake celebrity accounts.
My sister sucks at this shit:
Aw, hugs to you!
u got a chopper in tha car too?
should have opened with Rock The Belles
Just like every other crazy republican.
A bid to prevent or stop war just doctorves the GOP batshit crazy...er!
This!!
If some people could just be an ear  a good listener instead of suggesting  advising.
After your FREE pizza at come shopping at !
And bring us some Dublin DP!
That's a great idea!
The wbn continues all week!

doesn't surprise me...it's raining cats and dogs!
That's right.
I watched JAWS twice today.
Good Morning !
I pray you have a blessed day :
Just figured out key to fantasy sports: know when guy's contracts are up!
Always been a slow learner!
Thanks so much Caren!
Hope you have a great rest of SMC!
And buy izzy a car lol RT : IfIWonTheMegaMillion I Would go CRAZY, and cry of happiness
So tired !
Fair point.
Plus, they won't realize they are missing flannels in the middle of summer...
But isn't the point of a ceiling to not go past it?
Why bother having one if it's gonna keep getting raised?
Hey geoff, I was just wondering if there was going to be another archive tour after HoF game again?
Ever wonder what others see in your designs?
is dancing and playing with abandon.
Cali flow in a couple of hours about to spend the weekend in the OC laying in the sun and eating good Sweet!
RT : But it helps to tweet about an event at least once a day and RT others.
..
different times.
TwSIG RT  ReTweet.
It was something came about by users.
Old retweet use the RT.
sometimes have to shorten a Tweet you can use MT
Facebook ad clickthrough rate was 0.051 in 2010.
Need to start putting ads in News Feed...
I trained myself to not look on side.
I hope not!
It was just a few ants, that's all!
Haha!
TextEdit?
Or do you need more functionality?
That's what I use for doctorfting blog posts, bios, etc.
Then Pages for docs.
Why can't LA have bomb Chinese food spots like the northeast...
Loving boston right now, vibe is different
Lol I really like you :
I'm really proud of the success my are having!
Keep up the good work Tribe!
Sometimes i called you my BFF...;
To me, basketball seems more about egos and money than a sport.
toe rings?
of course!
especially a matching set :
cos it's hype  with just a few grains of truth, like infowars.
They want you to feel powerless.
But you're not.
Holy shit.
Trueblood better have more Alcide this season.
Pitbull: Ruining every product he attaches his name to
thanks for the update, I feared as much :
Arg I should've took pictures w/ Jason today lol we were just too cool for 4th period 
We received over 13,000 views of our music video yesterday from boingboing!
Insanity....
Psch, please.
I've had that EP, and I purchased it!
okay so I meant trashy lol stupid auto
This was constituent outreach, but in my line of work we use the same technology platforms to great effect for voter outreach.
West Elm Plates, Barefoot Contessa Cookbook, Gingerbread Houses, Gift Cards  More!
Wanna win it?
Then join us at 9pm EST at Juice4Holiday!
THIS RT: Now if Disney can offer a local discount than Jazz Fest surely can.
Sara: using SLA as a community in which you can exercise and sharpen skills that aren't in your work remit.
it's getting tingly..
something's about to happen!
Right, what I'm asking is: how do you take notes and how transferable are they?
Do you just annotate the PDFs?
I read it for acquired cog class and LOVED it!!!
New Designs for PhotoBiz Flash Portfolio, Blog and Store Sites
RT : Instead of focusing on all the bad, be thankful for all the good.
Each day you have is a blessing from God.
Enjoy life.
BOSTON FASHION WEEK CELEBRATION PARTY THIS SATURDAY!
Only place to be that night!
Doors Open 9:30pm
:' worst night of my life i cant handle losing you grandpa :'
Sad weekend of shock, tears, and deep thought.
You really don't know how things will affect you until they hit.
They've hit.
We can't wait either!
We promise a great show
hey rain can you please RT RN20 it's for my best friend who took his life Sunday and it would mean a lot thank you
Fun..
Fun..
Fun
You rule!
RT : straight beautician
Watching doing dancy dance time!
Haha!
Yuup, if Rex Ryan can tone down they can too
I love my pet wussy , RT if you read it wrong
Does not bode well.
RT : RT : Not one person at BN has ever tried to sell me a Nook.
Or a book, for that matter.
OMG pretty little liars in an hour!
Thank you for that!
It's almost the weekend.
Who is playing at Sports at the Beach tomorrow?
Seibold: tell your staff that they are becoming the experts, to encourage inhouse innovation and to motivate staff!
kmdsl u so silly
You know things are bad when Saudi Arabia is telling Syria to get its human rights act together.
what picture did u tweet me ?
A pretty girl, with ugly ways, is an ugly girl!
so jealous you got to hang in the common and gardens!
Hope it was a lovely trip!
i miss you to.
/3
so i've lost like 10 pounds or so since starting college and now my pants fit me even less than before!
gah.
awh shucks :3 BUT YOU MUST STUDY!
If you study and get your license, you can doctorve to work.
And that means more money for 1D !
Its Raining In The Mil 
: Cubs and Brewers are tied 77 in the 13th inning.
They play again in 12 hours.
that looks complicated
Can't wait to see.
I am still vacillating about what I want to get.
Tell me this may the fourth be with you thing is a joke?
hey its was Asian food therefore I m doing JUST FINE!
lol
RT : 90 of what I try might fail, I just keep the faith that the 10 that works makes a HUGE impact.
:
gamepro.com should have won
Happy St.
Ptrick's Days!
3

Shout out to all my twitter family that are TeamTaurus!!!!!!
Tweet your bday!
i'm May 17th.
When is yours?
RT!
May 4th
Do you need me to come help you go through your receipts?
Don't give this generation much credit.
Most of my students never heard of Zeppelin and think the Rolling Stones are a magazine.
Have yet to see scheduled guest Mary j blige appear at NPR party
we've got em!!
Come on down!
Gluten free but delicious!
RT The only bad thing about most people is having to interact with them.
for sure, Go Pack Go
I remember when I was a kid, all I wanted were toys.
Now that I'm an adult, all I want are clothes and money.
hey bbys how are you?
c:
That's so Northwestern ...
Thank you to Liasa Sugg who's making all this work  come together.
THANK YOUU LIASA!!!!!!!!
Who wanna see Wale with me Friday night??
RitchieMoviePitch remake of The Breakfast Club but with actors in their late 80s90s.
Call it: THE SUPPER CLUB
RIP MY PHONE i need a outlet
yea, Lisa Left Eye Lopez :
I can send you a dozen links of v associates posting comparisons that are based in complete inaccuracy.
It's lame.
Hello thanks for following us!
Hope your having a wonderful week.
uh oh, if the republicans realize they actually have a viable candidate to get behind this could spell real trouble for dems!
I quit last week
: Eric, is it flooding in Tucson??
I don't deserve this.
I did nothing.
pull a book review from a journal as an example.
Split time between summary and critique.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!
Give me scars.
Give me pain.
Then theyll say to me , there goes a fighter.
About to post a video!
I won't dive if u won't fly to Boston lol
Shoulda had dough...my response to everything today
fuck you.
fuck you.
fuck you...YOU'RE cool...fuck you!
I'm out!
lol
It really did.
Can hardly believe he going to be 2.
I didn't ever think I would say he is growing so fast.
Everyday has been a joy
ICantLiveWithout God, my Pug, water, free food, and cold
they don't have the space.
My friend recommended La Dolce Vita.
there are more wishes than stars.
Hello and good morning, I hope everyone has a nice week!
What are your plans?
After today's potluck I am eating only vegetables for dinner tonight
I'm FREE
alright, well good luck
I am not!
But I used to live in NYC  I have tons of friends in Cambridge/somerville.
Every time you complete a sentence without the word like a teenager doctorps out of high school
I don't recall ever seeing a Sherlock movie...
Our only competition is ignorance.
Tucson Alarm, 15 a month, locally monitored and 30 years serving Southern Arizona.
I found my roomie for Bellarmine : !!
This bitch is standing on a corner in a swimsuit.
I yelled HOW MUCH?!
out the window :
yeah, sorry bro
essentially Geneava Henry's presentation is related to libraryempire which is that the library is the honest broker in libraries
Sh!t it's cold out here.
This Sonics is on point!
Sorry to hear about your incident with the 21A Watermelon Wheat.
We would love to make good if possible.
Can you DM me?
I kinda figured is pretty cute ;D
Made it on blanktv congrats!!
Did you see your boys have a show?
United Stats of America.
Math and snarky comedy!!
It's perfect!
Just let the bodies hit the floor...ok?...good :D
taxes done!
Suck it IRS!
U CANT EXPECT SOMETHING  EXPECT 2 GIVE NOTHING.
Maybe if we map out the potential areas of failure as part of project plan, achievement consists of confirming/eliminating.
ya ill get one
Dancing bachata right now would be amazing.
Sup HOMO!
Happy Birthday i hope u have a great day!
ur the funniest person ive ever seen nd i wish i could meet u someday!!
3uso much
oh that's embarrassing.
Oh well.
Do you cater?
Please DM me if you do.
Looking for SD food trucks to cater November 15th/16th 2012.
try hitting 25...
U know they will!
oh okay.
If you are living your life without giving an f, You are living a lie .
WAIT WHEN IT GONNA HAPPEN?
I hate guys that force themselves onto me.
Getting a foot massage :
Denver is not even on the list???
Rough idea in the Gdoc; thinking about Tom Morello's protest music, genre theory, and social action.
I got one for Christmas last year...it was my only present from my grandparents lol.
if anyone could...you could...and therefore you must...from the top of the sears building to my front porch would work
or a video game character...
Yes we can!
Thank you for all of your hard work!
WorstBreakUpExcuses I'm saving myself for Tom Sellek.
I get that all the time...
: Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
Buddha
to judge
So u busy with your hand ja RT : Smh me myself and I lol
I am a FUCR and a godPawn revolutionary!
My beautiful wife mademesmile with some amazing loving today :
Volume Up?
More like Lesbianism Up amirite?
well your lucky
Take care of that Indian craving and grab some Chicken Tikka Masala  Garlic Nan from Taj or Flavor of India
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
Charles Austin Beard.
At home chilling lol
good luck tonight !!
we'll be howling from Wisconsin!
.
Genuinely excited to share the story of Appalachia's MTR induced agony this afternoon 3 pm at First Parish in Cambridge, MA
Hate this feeling.
When writing a requirements document, it's imperative that you are listening to metal loudly and with as many breakdowns as possible.
Behind every successful man is his woman.
Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
i swear the vizsla, or whatever it is, next door tried to eat through the fence and maul me.
Off to bed!
Still listening to skater boy of :
Your logo is not your brand, but it is a good start.
Consider what you want your name, brand  logo to convey to potential/current customers
We're on Fox34 with this morning.
Tune in to see spring fashion trends, and hear more about !
so exicted!
There gonna be great:
Damn went in too hard on the mixtape
I have Chinese media client who produced 138 30min shows about Chinese history  historic places ..in english  HD!
Anyone need TV content?
Fear knocked.
Faith answered.
No one was there.
heyy  how are you?
thx for the love homie now all we gotta do is killem wit that track ayyyyyyyy................n yall calln me rap.............
I BET A MILLION THE NEW YORK KNICKS WILL NOT BEAT THE HEAT SERIES!!!!!!!!!
LOL
Like going out to eat, or reviewing your favourite establishment?
Let us know, we are always looking for writers with opinions!
ha!
Yeah, totally not warm and fuzzy.
hello my lady :
A crook is a person who was out for what he could get and in for what he got.
Listening to and new albums on repeat.
They are defiantly tied for album of the year right now.
as of today, as far as the public domain is concerned, he white house.
Which is exactly what Paul wants to rile up his base.
BEARS WIN!!
C'mon Dallas tame the Cats
libr246 I'd love to hear if anyone covers  thanks!
Watch out world, I'm street legal.
ahh dang u got me!!!
Running !
5 km
Idk, its different listening to it in a car or headphones..
At raves, they have shit tons of huge speakers.
So imagine BASS
EVERYONE!!!!PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!!
REFOLLOW ME!!
AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
Is pretty proud that now follows me.
I hope I make you proud...
Romantic Tip 9: write a love letter to your partner and mail it  .44...www.familyandlifesolutions.com
CTIAW12 is awesome!
We have never been to a show like this before.
We would love to meet you for a second.
Been follower 4 yrs
MarissaAlexander keep her in your prayers..
oh, , it's sad but true.
Houston zoo!
If it's free take two, right?
what u doing babyg let's chill !
Kicking it off tonight with Lundi Gras madness at Maxie's.
Try out all the small plate specialties of tomorrow's Mardi Gras menu!
Colorblocking!
nasagoesneon RT : Hey how would you restyle the NASA astronauts for a prelaunch press conference?
love it when you call me legs, in the morning buy me eggs 3
bahaha.
She's so smart.
Options for collaboration are endlessWilkin.
Rich Schefren taught me JustInTime Learning.
This has made a Big Improvement for me.
Once again, i am bored.
i need more homies XP
Moss: emotional intelligence made up of selfperception, selfexpression, interpersonal, decision making, stress management
Imagine how far that ball would've gone if Braun still had Fielder protecting him.
it's always something.
Tomorrow should be interesting.
Big thanks to my neighba for blasting out the snow plow's remnants.
Buckeye basketball has officially lost their swagger.
Two different teams first half and second half of season.
Monday nite Trivia Tuesday nite Jazz Every nite: The best beer  whisky selection in town!
Tough start for the Blueshirts but let's turn it up now...
This sun calls for a little
Just realized.
I don't need another big mamas house sequel.
When theTV doesn't work because your dog chewed the cable!
TIME GOES BY FAST
my boy Quinton Carter from Vegas
Canucks Fan Takes Flash Grenade TO THE CROTCH
Workin' out all the album details, tracklisting, and lyrics for the album art.
Who wants a Shoreline doctorve tshirt?
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.
Considering a routine change  different weight routine and doctorpping trainer led workout.
How much change at one time?
Decisions, decisions.
Add me on Liveprofessorle my PIN is LP9I0HCU 3
Unbelievable, but Im homesick!
Is Starr really gonna let the Todd in her shine thru?1?
Getting ready for our next auditions in NYC for Quest summer theatre for High School and College Only more info coming soon.
same!
my window isn't given me a breeze either
CelebrityCrush : ...He is pretty much the main reason why I watch that show
Out of curiosity how many of your clients work in a nonprofessort type environment?
A LOT has changed these past 4 years.
Good shit.
Bad shit.
But I'm thankful for all of it.
We had it as an optional benefit at my old company.
grab a ho
So annual eye exam including pupil dilation ended 1hr and 1/2 ago, still have crazy vision.
hahaa k come at 5 you and becca can fight for first
Seconded!
RT : Big MD preservation thanks to  for signing HPF Dear Colleague
Dude I wish life was easier sometimes...
thanks!
Please do.
cookies make good spoons.
It's like they're saying everything I'm listening too
The Cardinals look like they could run away with the NLCentral.
For Brewers to compete, have to bury Astros, Pirates,
No worries.
Follow us so we can DM you!
Why not...good luck!
I'm bummed by the lack of your doctorll
We r SO PROUD 2 have made the cover of look 4us FRI  Join the party 10/22!
www.ambushevents.com
I will do that next week  in the morning for coffee.
Let's pick a day.
Much depends on the funding model for IT.
For us, onetime  easier to find than recurring .
You should go to Le Pixel and make your own cocktail.
We went for 's birthday and the results were epic.
they are officially the cutest things ever
ACM is posting photos from IA2012 and Reimagining CMs on the ACM Facebook page.
Like us on Facebook!
RT : At with the crew.
Great new Brian Malarkey restaurant in La Mesa near the hockey rink.
twiiter is all over kony tonight
I love that!
Sounds like Wyatt is becoming his own selfadvocate!
I enjoyed the chat, everyone.
Savings Tip  Spiral Bulbs I found them at Grocery Oulet store  4 for a 1.00.
Can't go wrong on that!
Irony of the day: A product mockup ending up looking better than the actual product.
Happy Brackets Day!
Let me know if there is anything that you would like to know about Directv.
Going to bed
I stink at going to bed early.
It's the only part of doing mornings I hate.
: See you bright and early!
RSVP: The Asylum
is there a link to what you are referring to..??
I'll do my best, but no promises.
The left side of my face needs to be evened out.
it would appear that way
RT IF YOU HAVE AN IPOD OR IPHONE!
Who knew there was all that oil in LA?
Crazy!!!
Happy BDAY
Having a really bad night just wants to go to sleep and wake up and just forget about things :'
Had a panic attack which landed me in the hospital.
Great.
To clarify, was singing.
and I just noted that would have fit right in
Yeah, it hiccuped on me.
Seems to be ok now....
on da way as we speak .
Two door German body
I know, and guess what else!
Guess!
I keep doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results
Linus falls asleep every year.
good luck o ur speech.
come dwtown 2 hear me sometime u can sit in, dan.
xo
remember when I tugged on your dad's dick and he liked it?
It's gonna be a harder tug next time since you unfollow everyone
wait you are joking right?
TREAT YO'SELF 2011!!!
I'm a cashmere candycane.
Yeah, I'm tweeting u at 1 am.
So fucking what?
what are u doing?
We're in a crisis here  commenting on both pairs of our iPod headphones breaking
i am out to work see you all later
A wee bit of snow that I wasn't expecting.
Definitely a Sorel boot day.
travel safely!
exploits unconventional thrillers, like their new Scandanavian adaptation, Headhunters,  la Stieg Larsson.
Sorry Patron?

Yesterday is gone.
Tomorrow has not yet come.
We have only today.
Let us begin.
Mother Teresa
omg I was just saying the same thing!
Does she even realize she's not wearing pants lol?
Sure.
I just dmed you.
I look forward to it.
Nothing better than having your sister back home  sisterloveee :
I think my friend thinks I forgot about him...
I didn't : loaf you
cnndebate Please tell us where you disagree with the policies of Israel?
Editing a video with and Coming soon to a YouTube channel near you.
Just so ya know are gonna be X factor judges!
UPDATE: We have almost completed our new version of StubOnline, which will help in searching tickets faster and browse easily.
The hardest thing to accept is losing your mother or dad, the pain never goes away, I pray that you make things right before they leave Amen
Love.
RT We Found Cats in a Hopeless Place!
RT : Terminal Miami
Hey frank , morning!
11:30 today , right ?
Playing BS!
key word is intelligent
Happy CINCO DE MAYO to my Spanish friends!!!!
Lol
I still have one big chain to break...
and the time is now...
an addiction...
smoking yes you read that right Continued next tweet
I miss you, baby close your eyes let's meet in our doctorams tonight.
3
Looking for the Best Nail Techs n Atlanta Salon Ramsey Midtown Now Hiring www.salonramsey.net 404.841.1499
Wasn't really a Whitney Houston fan.
I once had sex with a gal from Houston who was named Whitney though.
Big fan of that.
yea yo how much?
my students are awesome!
They're the ones who earned it.
:
Flashdoctorves...that's a GREAT idea, thanks!
I don't want this going south...
But I think it's about to if you keep acting like this...
lets see what sports center tlkin bout
That hungover moment when u decide that a wake and bake  going back to sleep
aw I'm sorry Lmaooooo!!!
Well come visit u asshole!!
Hell me move...
fingers, toes, nipples crossed
Ugh I have the worst habit of biting my finger nails when I'm stressed out :
Orgs must define diversity and go beyond to focus in inclusion.
Thursday, the counselor at the Veterans Center tells me I'm welcome in the group for Adult Childoctorn of Combat Veterans.
Who am I?
Looking stupid  feeling how I look, on that note I'm gone
Shooting a short and getting put up in a nice Hotel.
I can get use to that.
A Union of Interests, Pursuits of Happiness, Quest for Glory, Pox Americana, Paul Revere's Ride....
happy birthday son!
..enjoy..Ty
We talk all this shit about people  our family, but we don't realize if they left this world tomorrow that we'd regret it.
Loved Glee tonight....maybe it's because I watched it in Ohio :
don't forget the
tell me about it.
I was talking about Coldplay!!
Wow, that is some CRAPPY green screening.
what, what?
Working for the man!
We want to look into the ice cold water problem.
Which bathroom on which floor please?
I have half a bottle of warm water  1/4 of a cupcake to get me through the next 90 minutes on train.
I feel like Katniss.
Of course i get lost on my way home then lock my keys in my car.
Of course.
you won't have to wait to long, they are already in talks for the Twilight writer to pen the her Highlander movie.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: A woman that's worth it, will never be easy to get,  a real man will always be patient.
Come on Mavs!
Beat that Heat!
A red rosebud also means purity whereas a thorn less rose means love at first sight
Vegan OnePan Ratatouille..Classic veggie stew with Vitamins C  A,potassium, fiber,  folate..omealo.com/share?typerec
had two of my favorite things at , and pickles!
TR
it goes to the twitter Bermuda triangle
Oh good call.
Were referring to Producer of The Artist.
Damn, ghost of Peter Lorre is everywhere!
Wonder who else we can find.
lop where did u get that picture of them
Everytime I see the Big Lights in Memphis, I keep doctoramin.
Aw shucks, ur so sweet!
TY
Youth Culture tonight...
6pm...
Dont' miss it...
My nigga Sid bout to go on next!
Good morning good tea people!
Once you decide whom you'll be, there's no room for others to fill in the blank.
LOL I need a cup of tea!
Couples Night!
Couples' Entry2 for 1!!
5 pizzas, Dance Specials, Discount VIP Booths!
I know.
Lol
that's all we've gotten all season!
Last night in Indy, said his personal favorite remix of his was of 's Lick It.
Insane remix, too.
is king.
How does the saying go?
Welcome to Portland if you don't like the weather wait five minutes.
: Twifey u must b sleep huh...hit me when u get up...
Looking up contact info on my old favorite bookstores and remembering suddenly that a lot of them no longer exist.
could have paired him with a young Brian Nigro from Xaverian for a chsaa tandem!
Nick Joe Rahall tells GOP doesn't know meaning of compromise and are erroding the middle class.
Crazy how this happens all so soon.
Is anyone else expecting Bradford to take another step forward because of McDaniels and added WR depth?
yes, kind is my middle name
Okay i officially can't listen to that song anymore without getting flashback visions from julias the other night ....
Ew hahhaha.
i wont be illegal pretty soon.
and not in all states.
lol
whats wrong jess
when someone you love doesn't love you
I thought the same thing when I saw him up to bat.
Looks just like he did in StL
My Dad just told me they're moving out of the house so they can fit the new TV
You want to know something really sad?
I was born  raised in Oregon and never went to the OSF.
Sigh.
Youth is wasted on the young.
Does it feel any different?
Can we stop the doctorma already?
Who cares about about Alexis anymore???
just thinking of u 2day!
In online session talking about how we've met people online  grown to care abt them!
Thought of u!
FINALLY HOME!!!
I feel like I've been in a car forever.
Such a crazy weekend it was :
Didn't wear a single ounce of green and never got pinched :  luckoftheirish ;
Its a piece of gateau!
Yes please DM us!
i worry about that too  technology isn't the problem, getting people interestedcontributing is
also Japanese and other Asian language characters lend themselves well to reading and writing on the phone.
While picking up my pretty new doctorss from , I spied some super cool, covert operations coming soon from
My first week at my new job...
I am happy and calm.
Lol.
So, today is your cheat day.
That's how you do it.
happy to be home after a busy day...
editing video and constructing dynamite emails in my head...
don't forget to eat, ALYSSA!!!
Nicolay is getting you going early tomorrow!
6:30am Yoga Flow all Levels, Miami Beach!
lets do it im down bruh
I never thought I'd be playing DJ Hero, yet here I am playing it.
Hah!
I remember all your mom's plants in your back yard on Garden Gate.
An hour until I can eat...
Thank God...
I am stunned CFC, but gotta trust AVB!
Been a productive but Hectic day.
How are you doing twatters?
So glad!
More pix!
or nobody's at work.
I got the week off for spring break.
hey follow me please :
Been tryna get my hair appointment arranged.
I'm plannin on dyin half my hair red.
Im 2 tonin it
strike that last tweet.
I'm not up on today pods : premature Cowellization!
I think I'm ready for this Spinning in the AM
I finally gave in...still trying to figure this out!
Laughing with your pretty mouth
Sure would LOVE to FloridaGeorgia Line's new single!
Cruise is a HIT  play it!
S/o 2 4 showing love
pssss!
Bunny, please no babies in my yard!
Lol :
Need new ideas about exercising, recipes, doctornks??
etc??
I think Taylor Swift is a rapper.
Mimi
Seriously.
These bitches are like OMG bullying iz soo bad u shud luv every1 then sit there and bash any girl they don't like.
It's stupid.
I am!
I was there
Happy Mothers Day : and yes that is my mother holding me in my avi
I thought u was talking about the new new one
So sleepy.
I can't stay asleep for longer than 4hrs at a time these days.
Wah.
that's funny but true
great mtg you today at event!
Thx for taking an interest in our work.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANdoctorID TABLET PC REVIEW Dell Streak 7 WiFi Tablet
I might be in the L word with this chocolate mommy..
what I would do for that puddingOo
Some people think I say inappropriate thingsIts just radical honesty
I always feel a little hipper dining over in East Nashville.
yay!
It made my day seeing you 
Thank you for your good work!!
Tonight's episode is the best of the 6 episodes that exist.
what r u doing lol
I KNOW I JUST DONT LIKE IT WHEN THEY DONT EVEN ASK AND JUST GO ON AND TOUCH HIM I DONT KNOW THEM NEVER SEEN THEM IN MY LIFE
Broke 100 likes on urbanspoon, thank you!
puts you in my book!
Conrad
My girlfriend is amazing.
Degrassi is trending in Atlanta!!!!:
Anyone know of a site I can watch the NBA playoff games on?
The sweet smeel of my cooch after waking up and a hard banging session.
Priceless.
4 followers away from 500, not that i'm paying attention
he will be gone in no time.
He should be at least.
GOD BLESS AMERICA was a hell of a good time wrapped up in an odd little package.
Thanks for the NationalWellnessPledge retweets and !
I'm totally digging the high fashion and doctorma work of of Los Angeles based designer Arturo Rios
SM like any other form of communication can be appropriate or not.
Kids need to know that.
We'll go with this  RT : I propose the word Sprummer!
You will survive!!
Is the derby the only event Bob Costas is at eye level with the participants?
Omg god I hate english!
Well actually I like it but I lost all my note cards and can't do my bibliography and it's due tomorrow morning :
Session two students arrive tomorrow for DWCdc!
I enjoy watching KOF, but I still can't tell what gender any of the characters are.
Must get my exercise in before laziness sets in.
Laziness sets in REAL fast too...
Have a lovely day, everyone!
:
That last was obviously in reference to traditionally licensed/patented hardware.
what Courtney just said about PCFH legit just stabbed me in the heart.
o where are you?
Would love to catch up!
SOMETIMES YOU JUST WANNA THROW THE TOWEL IN...
;
RT if you're excited for Ariana's live chat 
you could spend the nigh if u want :
...but dude just posted up outside the door and started collecting cover charges from people.
That is some wildly advanced bullshit!
is officially on Twitter!
JewelryGalore run by Fashion Blogger
hope to see you on Sunday!
:
invite us please!!!!
Slept in WAY late, this morning!
Feels SO good!
It's a gorgeous day outside  the sun is beaming in the window!
Gotta get out IN it!!
:
Liking the new look app for iPad
I was very excited to find on Guitar Center Sessions this morning
Oh gosh that was awful but I feel really good now!
Haha  getting that beachbod 
To Bad I Can't Go /3
RIPMCA Hip Hop Pioneer
They have the one that goes to where all the fishing happens.
of course :
Finally seeing The Agony and the Ecstasy of Steve Jobs.
Quite psyched for something that's surely not going to be very uplifting.
made our year, appearing in the elevator  work after a long day packing the MILF methinks!
Black Smart Phone Cufflinks  Error
RT Just like the clouds my eyes will do the same if you walk away everyday it will rain.../that my jam...
me too
Can it be the 22 yet?
Happy birthday!
RT : : Hey kan i get a shout its my bday
FlyMeToLondon so I can live with 3 x
thank you so much!
Amazing !
My femme fatale my darling fallen angel...
Once caught her changing the batteries in her halo, even found the receipt for her wings
To celebrate my CNS's 25th anniversary I conducted 25 Bach cantatas, including 11 in one day.
Oh Donna Summers, my grandma listens to her music.
Yeah, they said Alex Ritchey should show some respect.
and at Allen Fieldhouse...
Cool...
Firefox 14 Features Hinted In Aurora 14 Release
Happy Birthday you Jew.
If u set up hold mail service online, u can choose that they doctorp it off the following day vs.
u pick it up.
stupid work IT security blocks it UGH could so go for that at work right now
Ah!!!!!!!!!!!!
Elevate is coming out tomorrow can't wait I'm definitely getting it woo I love BTR 3 /
Global warming, validating my doctorpping out of college.
hahaha!
: can you imagine if i actually danced like this?
Pittsburgh you know what time it is!!
GLOBAL HOUSE SESSIONS with !!!!
Hit us up for VIP or guest list.
MILEY BEAUTIFUL 
gay is in happy!
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible storm that passed through Friday.
lol.
Still laughing about this one!
250 million people play games on FB  more than all the game consoles combined
On the real..Nothing felt more comforting than saying We're all gonna be okay last night.
LOL cause they WANT me to be embarressed
good GOD  where were you running??
I think the Slytherin prom is taking place next door.
're the best, 're very very beautiful,please follow me in my twitter!!
Good Morning facebook from brianna on his page
Yes ;o Identical Twiins Much ?
Days like today; i wish my gym was open 24 hours.
Sleep 'til you're hungry, eat 'til you're sleepy.
Eating chinese food
When you do something and get caught but think damn that was fun!
harrypotter marathon at 's
warning, my kids didn't get their oh so essential afternoon naps, so tonight could be...
interesting
Just took prom pictures with , Steven,
Just unloaded at Tipitinas!
We go in at 8:30
Wow 2 you and your ass clown friends
Our store can help you out with a phone order!
2872770
Merry Christmas everyone!
Food, rest and basketball today.
is he touring with anyone..?
thanks so much!
we're glad you like it.
thanks Chris!
doctoram match vs.
I'm so ready to get these gifts open!!!!
Countdown begins....
More excited than my babies!!!!
Thinking of using a Virtual Assistant for your business or personal needs?
We are taking your questions, ask away!
Julavits is fantastic.
Hump day just about over  wine oclock on my watch.
I'm feeln a frisky Zin rockin my glass tonight.
Cheers Tweethearts
p.s.
all of the tech being developed through that state dept.
money can/will/should be used anywhere, not just in U.S.
colonial targets
ha!
i'll pass that along!
Or just marriage.
:
Know what you should do?
Change your 4square names to your twitter handle.
You'll get a tweet every time someone checks in!
Have the best idea for a video teaser for our doctornk.
Getting closer to our launch!
Come see the SquEZ team in action in no place better than Las Vegas at the NiteClubBar show!
Booth 1457
O M G this chick is a screamin raging Biznatch that good I have twitter to vent.
every day someone reminds me how young I am.
I didn't forget, I don't need to be reminded and it's not your business
all the fucking time :
Igght thinkin bout stopin my usage on social network sites for a while.
Do you think Jimmy Neutron says gotta blast!
right before he cums?
The quality of our life more than the quality of our words demonstrate the value we attach to our mothers love and nurturing .
Jim Woods
Hey Whit!
How have you been?
:
I saw this weekend.
He focused on positiveness being the key to a happy life and a peaceful world.
He had funny jokes too :
What a wonderful day today, with my fabulous film consultant working on my documentary Incurable Diseases is it a Business?
I'm grateful
Got it.
: And do you ever sleep?
;
freaking out right now!!
Hang in there.
This is probably just karma 4 when u caused Andoctorw Bogut 2 break his shoulder, arm,  elbow.
We cannot redistribute the wealth without unacceptable social upheaval but we can redistribute the opportunity.
You Smile I smile
my family lives in Atl and I used to freelance for Upscale Mag back in the day.
Going to hard rock in Florida
It would really be nice;
grassy ass, I forget why I took that shit in the first place.
when the next time u hittin steamboats
haha, uh oh...for people with claustrophobia, is it advisable?
Need to get from Puntarenas to SF.
I'm no better than you today.
In fact, I'm one of the most humble you'll meet.
Stay kicking it with those that others ban: homeless  thugs.
RT sometimes there's only so much you can take before you SNAP, go nuts and just use a table tag.
// Amen brother!
This is not uganada!
I just let er rip n it vibrated Morgan's pussay!
Man I love merica n spring break with
Huge sales and discounts  www.allsportsshopping.com , UGG boots, Nikes, Acg Boots, skate Boards, All Sports Apparel after holiday sale !!
ladies night at the dog joint
I am recruiter with Third Screen Talent.
I am currently looking for a RoR developer.
Are you open to new gigs?
I used to Love Facebook.
My addiction has simply faded due to Timeline, sad to say...
cheers!: tonight's Deli Dinner cocktails feature , Santome prosecco
Intention.
Attention.
No Tension.
what movie?
Shower time!
Then...let's get this Sunday crackin'!
Wow, talk about AWESOME!
Enjoyed this chat tremendously and will be taking away so much great advice.
Thanks all!
.: Do you think John would have been on ?
What do you think he would've tweeted about?
HappyMomsDay.
Going through with things I say YOLO to just get me in trouble 
Just started creating innovators by tony wagner and it's very good so far.
RT if u wanna DATE I would date him just saying lmao
Anyone else catch the season opener for The River?
it was quite spooky!
I'll watch it, not quite lost but something fun.
I'm in such a great mood 3
great meeting you too!
Thx for the reply.
Keep the music flowin, young lady!
See you next time you're in Phoenix.
Blues score and make the conversion to go down by 2.
1416
Red Onion in downtown gso is awesome and cheap!
So fucking annoying.
does your phone work anymore?
text me if you aren't passing out soon.
You've never seen Tin Cup with Kevin Costner?
It's a golf movie
It's true.
Just the other day I saw math peddling dope to some kids in my neighborhood.
I'm in  as long as its not peanut butter mm's.
Thanks for the mention.
Nice grab.
Checking into
of course I agree with the premise.
it kills me when people talk about diets.
diets are only a tint fraction of it...still
and serving our country in the military and a mom too and real talented
you!
ShenYun is based in New York with overseas artists, we enjoy the freedom to restore Chinese traditional culture.
Soyuz TMA04M now traveling 13K MPH
what up mama?
The Billy CrystalSammy Davis always kills me
gearing up for
gotta be happy for cities like that though.
Smaller franchises need love too!
We're looking for the baddest 2 feature in our anniversary summer edition for print  our Digital
Nothin much man, I recorded my 1st mixtape there.
Saw you were on tonight peep the web site we should network man
: CLASSY!
maybe there are different definitions of classy..........
:
I see you're editing Getting There 2, awesome.
Are there any deadlines for the CFP?
Happiness starts within
RETWEET!
Things we need: Extension cords, 1,000 watt generators!, long handled mops and regular dust mops, and canopies.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
Epictetus
if i dont know u quit inviting me to these eventsim not going .....
At ASI Show  Presentation by Randi Zuckerburg.
She's funny.
no.
i feel a massage might cure it though
helloo : how have you been ?
I love it when people tell you how much they hate someone and then they put pictures of themselves hanging out with them online.
do you see your mentions?
OscarTweet Such a great lineup this year at the Oscars  such a return to original writing, great acting and meaningful movies.
100thingsilove 17 my phone
If you guys want a great experience while visiting Hollywood check out the I'm sure you'll have a great time.
Glad we didn't stop to say hello ;
Thanks so much and for your follow and ShineYourDivine with us!
haha Fo reals dude!
We always find our ways..
What celebrities hair do u most admire?
Is this shitty defense a pretend defense strategically conceived ?
i'm walking with a limp...
my leg hurt 
Putting gas in my PJs
This team must work together and find a way to win.
that appears to be Full Moon.
If you are in Birmingham, make sure to try Jim and Nicks BBQ.
Their cheese biscuits are great!
Need a place for a party?
Wanna learn some hott, sexy new dance moves?
Check out Rhythma Studios we teach variety of dance stylesmore!
Just poured myself an Avery Maharaja to start the big game with.
tickles the pickle
Gonna miss himm.
:
I want to thank everyone for all your love and support.
We are moving ahead so close to having our EP done.
Keep showing the love you...
My real friends are at dance.
it's school ill be in G boro next sat
Finally!
You just became my only reason for keeping my Twiiter account around.
Dont let me down!
:D
Getting ready to spin it out!
Great way to start Friday!
I am already getting anxiety over the entire family coming this weekend.
This is going to be a logistical miracle people!
.
asks a good question about the long tail of people in archival records, with little info and one or two connections
C'Mon Son!
BAM you noticed me??
:
i think you should help her..shes going to expload.
:
What's Brown and Sticky?
a Stick.
At HTC mall!!!
haha!
I'll tell him to look you up when he gets back to the west coast
Vote for Team Grayson, I have know her since she was 15.
Lets help her win.
saw it it was hilarious
I've been thinking about you and Doc.
Hope all's well.
Saliendo del gym.
Working out!!!
I'll come over ;D
U should just b happy I seen it at all!
RT : 8 years later .
RT : Aw I know I'm late but I love you!
I would love to find a cool story about Occupy Wall St.
versus the Tea Party.
Especially if it had a Romeo and Juliet thing.
Triple double for Bynum
thanks for the RT!
All The Worlds a Stage.
god that's really gay
Night all.
God bless!!
Time for some z z before church in the morning!!
TallWomenAppreciationDay Tall enough I can sit downmy face is already at her pussy?
That would definitely be something to appreciate
it has tube after my mom gets home because I'm baby sitting.
Emily gillot is like having a heart attack cuz the pens r tied .....
She cryed when they interviewed geno
she loves flowers but we have so many we've had to move them outside!
I'll look into a gift basket.
Thanks!
only meant to do it by .01.
What a wasted .05
But most of all thanks to all who travelled to Nashville and cheered on the CBJ win.
Awesome trip!
pretty sure that's what all the zombies say...then they get shot...haha sucker
Chocolate peanutbutter cheesecake is on at Lottie's.
MM
i think i need a new hobby...any suggestions?
r u getting jealous
Jajaja why was I thinking the same thing?!?!?
RT : thank you based Javi
We are looking for an experienced Non professort development professorssional to speculate with us.
We just got our first grant.
Great Opportunity
Did you know Ulysses Grant's favorite breakfast was cucumbers soaked in vinegar?
Long day calls for a glass of Malbec  a great view to bask  be mellow.
RT It's Monday!
What's in your glass?
just keep thinking the bag over his head conversation we had.
It'll make you laugh and calm you down.
;
it is I hate that they cancelled it for the Cleveland show..
unfunny..
The Metrowest Colonials congratulate John Bergdorf and Danielle Desrochers on their engagement!
Way to go guys!!!
That awkward moment when you tell you friend to send you a friend request on Facebook and they tell you  I don't have one...
Yeah, I loved the books, but was mixed on the movie.
Definitely wasn't feeling the casting.
my sentiments exactly RT : Ooh, good, Chris Brown is on.
I'm gonna go eat dinner.
Grammys fuckthatguy
Yikes!
Tornadoes, thundersnow....crazy day for weather.
Stay safe out there everyone!

RT : Thank you world for being so kind to me so far.
Wow.
talks about how he is working with nonprofessorts to fund, run programs.
Bottom line
Studio with and
Yes, brand cream cheese and sour cream make yummy nondairy faux cheese cakes.
.
Sum big ass granny doctorws.
Ha hs
Ugh my left leg fell asleep and I can bearly walk, I guess I have to crawl back to my room .
I wonder what April Fools day joke most of twitter will fall for...
Absolutely loving my TLC playlist today.
How could I have forgotten about you?!
Ladies with swag, definitely.
Calm down.
I'm studying for the beer sommelier exam.
; And I ordered the books for Kindle.
eating a delicious NY bagel, they don't get better than this
Lunch today at Panera Bread.......ordered a turkeypecanapple salad!
He is patient with you.
Not wanting anyone to perish, but everyone to come to repentance.
What I'm doing this summer: ME.
Is the University Library really a good place to study?
I doubt it.
can you please DM us your name and phone?
Our ticket manager will contact you ASAP.
Thanks!
We raised over 20,000 for our autism aquatic programs at Splash for Cash yesterday!
Thank you for such amazing support!
I wish I would've known about super moon so I could've got some pics of it
Park Chanyeol is my ultimate bias so.
Yeah.
He's basically perfect.
And his CreepYeol face is really attractive.
Fuck.
33
Third time in a week devon.
I love this place, and esp the outdoor patio.
Eekk haven't tweeted in a couple days....
Weird.
RT : Ima miss the shit outta Real talk...
You and me both
Can I spray 100 sprays of Binaca Peppermint in my mouth and then tongue fuck you?
MINTY OUCHY OOH
ha yep there is that too.
I am suprised he went on the air after all that.
lol no not a real job we are saying go somewhere when we say get a job
And just like that, no more betting for this guy!!!
Thanks you too josh!
Ok.
Girls night short lived.
Best of intentions, but everyone too tired to execute plan.
And J is still in town.
poo Had we known .
.
.
AP ..
which is exactly who Richardson is being compared to.
My dad's so nice when he's in a good mood.
yes!
If Obama talks housing, will cameras recognize Secretary Donovan?
Digital dissertation session unsurprisingly moving into discussion direction of the academy over the next 20 years.
Jury is set to watch police video interrogation of
The Angels should put a guy in short right, wrap him in some kind of sunglasses material, and leave him there
Patriots vs.
Giants in Super Bowl XLVI.
Who do you favor?
Do you care?
I just poured a glass of chocolate milk, then realized I didn't want it at all.
Thanks!
Something for a future sleepless night.
:
You're right, I don't want this to go to a battle of wits because clearly you'd be fighting unarmed.
winner!
RT : Mae Cockrell, Washington Monument.
Suicide down elevator shaft.
follow me it'll make my day .
Best friends are people who make your problems their problems, just so you don't have to go through them alone.
hey!
i luv u!
Looking fwd to the opening of our new patio here at The Place.
Nothing beats having doctornks outside in the summer.
Stoli Dolis all around!!!
of course the spurs are up 30
hello how r u
Every light skin person aint mixed and every dark skin person isnt from Africa
Congrats to  rest of Lehigh nation
got my kids with me for the day!
they knew how to share a piece of wood
my birfffdaay is next month.
hell yeahh :
yes I agree.
Nothing much, I've been interning at this actors networking company and just focusing on college.
You ?
i have a great xmas weekend wit my family and friends..partyin and i got some great gifts.love my family
just called duder.
not sure how i feel about that.
Welcome to twitter Bitchez
Used to hate on Jonah Hill a lot, just didn't give his obese face a shot, I must admit he's fucking hilarious, converted.
Just name the time and place, and we'd love to show you around!
Ok time to clean this FCKEN room.
Toros up 9488 end of 3rd quarter.
Let's do it!!!
I dance in the bathroom to End of the World  while I brush my teeth
RT : Colleges need to pay more attention to international students' needs don't mistake silence for satisfaction.
I miss ya my Sykbro!!!
Hugs!!!
Much3
been naked all day, in nothin but a tshirt
I love twitter too much to ever stay off it 3
: Xavier fans remember to check out for live tweets..
systems thinking  design thinking
What if I don't go to warped?
cool times talking bout 90's jiggy life wit today....and Roger Klotz has a
Shrimp pasta, without question.
Should archivists know how to appraise for authenticity?
I wouldn't begin to know how to tell if your old letter signed by Lincoln is real.
it is but either way it sucks
Motivationdoctorvethe will to stay alivebeing a nice guy heavenly beast  God's most athletic son!!!
I am disappointed..
yes we will have to!
PAY ATTENTION WORLD!
Every TIME GEORGE W.
BUSH flew abroad in those MILITARY FATIGUES I always feared another WAR was on the WAY.
NLD MOM
will you be providing a list of March Madness parties this year?
New Costume Chic Wig
bulls look pathetic
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits.
LOL SHE SAID I SHOULD BE FRONTIER AIRLINES NEXT ANIMAL
I can't remember the last time it rained so many days in a single week.
Just got done playin ball w/ and now coolin down :D
In ya house in ya house uh, on the couch on the couch, name the time and the place and the function; Ill give it to you no interruption.
Hey when did you get back to Seattle?
:
These refs suck.
nofoulcallsforKansas?
well now they do...finally.
Brand identity?
Injuryfree exercise for a better quality of life...
MindFirstFitness
Ok opposite side of state.
:
oh lord, please change your default, hahaha.
Can't wait for football season this will be my fourth year playin for btw my third year as 13 though
Direct quote from the Gates Foundation was 'we would not have chosen Memphis if we knew school systems were merging,' said Keith Williams.
Check out the jam on our Facebook!
Extractors 2.0!
Write on our wall if you want more music
Happy Thanks Giving to all my Tweeps
Man I so needed this alone, relaxation, pamper me time.
Feels great!
:
Yay!
Must buy!
The only sure way to beat an addiction....is by defeating one temptation at a time.
woot!
thank you!
:
So my girlfriend lives with me....
she knows everything nd so do I...
I love that
What2ChainzWouldSay  no lie
As a general principle, there needs to be fewer barriers for formerly incarcerated.
Particularly economic ones...
Whenever I'm at the museum looking at dinosaurs and reading about their teeth I always look at some person and say HEY your that dentist!
I hope my parents are happy.
thanks RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY BAMBAM!!!!
Miss You :
I'm working on that vision thing...
how do we move ahead, like, 4 generations of finding aids on the Web?
From typewritten to linked data?
Love HallOates!!!
They sound so good on
Bitches will be bitches.
Did you not see the comma?
I'm telling to lay off our girl Carrie.
She's OK!
Are you a Yoga fan?
We have One Year Membership Gift Certificate for Unlimited Online Yoga Classes 25 www.yourluckydeals.com
Are You Mad At Me?
Oh, gosh.
I had to go through that BS process.
At the end, everything was linked to Flixter.
So stupid.
Last chance to win 50 to Helmet City.
Leave us a comment about our new site.
The winners will be announced tonight.
Can I get a tweet please?
It would mean SO MUCH!!!!
Darrell Issa should be looking into the corruption on the Supreme Court  stop wasting tax payers money on NONISSUES!
Thanks for the support!
:
visions of typing sudo make me a computer
Good Morning....
Happy Hump Day!
My phone is BLOWIN up!
Damn!
Come check the Sinners and Saints movie premier June 30th 7:30PM at The Arclight in Hollywood!
Maybe I'm jealous, or maybe I'm just so depressed about always being alone.
Yikes, yep.
I've lived in 7 places during the past 8 years, a few of them for only a few months.
Time for us all to settle down.
thanks for the follow.
always awesome to meet another actor who's a vegan!
Congrats on your new show!
If elected, Demaio's first term would be unpaid in a way, since he's already spent the equivalent of 4 years' salary on his campaign.
Wish I had something to this weekend.
I'm bored  someone send me a message or tweet w.e I'm so fucken bored shesh
RT : Did you create or react today?
// I think about that all the time, and seek to keep my ratio in favor of creating!
when oomf leaves ima cry like a baby.
/3
Its only a matter of time before one of those deep fly balls ends up in the stands for the
HEY!
Who wants to take us to keha and lmfao tonight?
You know you wanna.
Like free stuff?
Eating at Tommy Bahama?
Just say BUNGALOW to your waitperson before 4/13  it's the password.
I just finished Excuse Me, Your Life is Now by Doreen Banaszak, about LOA.
I really got a lot out of it.
woo thats amazing!
Im from colorado lol :
I wonder if the phrase holy shit was coined by an apostle referring to one of Jesus' epic dumps.
Never heard of the PB choc shake being topped w/bacon.
Good call!
Must try
Howdy howdy :
Sunday  Lazy Day :
According to an education study conducted in 1978, it turns out that racist teachers are more likely to punish a student of another race.
do you guys have an opening band tonight?
I also recommend anything and everything by author Martha Beck.
Harvard trained Hilarious.
Seems like oxymoron, I know!
please please please follow me!!
:D

Thanks.
Meh.
If I wait long enough, you sneak in and do it.
Get back to work.
Different day.
same hustle
Love my aunt!
Emailed her to ask if she had any favorite shopping areas in Paris  she replied: Is the Pope Catholic?
have to stop from opening up a pit for one of our student aides, she doesn't mean it!
I swear!
Thunderbird nation training and more.
Where is ???
Congrats you two lovebirds!
AccelerEyes is hiring!
Developer and sales positions available.
Email with resume.
Fun startup, hot software tech.
They should have designed it on a rolling cylinder so that you could extend it endlessly.
Put that redesign on their ToDo list.
thx
me either.
Root canal time.
Join us right now 68 for a dog adoption fundoctoriser!
They are generously donating 10!
doctornk for the dogs!
SOME tattoos
thank you!
even if we do a reception in LA we could do it for less than 10k.
no flowers, no 500 cake, no 2600 doctorss!
following back
Thanks for tweeting that and for the shout out!
your tweet is amazing 3
Are you guys up that way?
I hear those wings calling my name.
Lol.
or just tweet those fears, that works to 
gcyale agrees with : Influence locally, block globally.
direct message bo
Thanks so much for the follow, David!
Come hang with us at 6pm FPL Stage!!
Getting ready to submit my app All About Sounds to Apple  fingers crossed!
I just did an absolutely smashing impression of Brother Theodore in The Last Unicorn.
I am a lady of hardcoredness.
Send email to
lol I found your school.
RT : FREE IPAD!
Follow me hereand retweet this to your friendsfor a chance to win an iPad in the next three weeks!
I'm interviewing one of the fellas from Augustana in an hour.
Have any insider info to share?
A wise student will master the formulas  apply the principles to produce the desired effect in reality according to vision
For a great online photo editor, check out Photoshop Express Editor from Adobe.
You're using the CRYEngine?
Awesome!
You made my day today.
Reminds me of a great Pat  Ron moment in past...Pat: Some zaney fan has run onto the field...
Ron: COMPLETELY NUDE!
don't be miserable!!!
: I'm always here for you if you need anyone to talk to!!
3  I know something that won't make you
Haha he just left it in.
Didn't think anything of it.
o lol, awesome.
we r never online at the same time lol
I agree, I hope it gets worked out?
Let me know how it goes.
you gotta get all snooty and send emails that have at the bottom Sent from one my 4 iPads
i only wrote 3 parts so far but they're in my favorites if you wanna read one !
Republican Vampire Economics!
Tax breaks for the rich and suck the blood from middle class, old and poor.
Nonsense!
Call them on it!!
Two new invites up for grabs.
Send me links to your portfolio for consideration if you'd like an invite.
Can we make it about 2 years from now so I can be out of this house
This chicks really into playing with her hair she must be really horny.
I'm gonna go over and give it a shot.
Window into your government.
Looking forward to the
I love that poster.
:
I'm having a Wordpress 911!!!
Changn themes, site now down.
WP is all updated.
Need help!
What happened to people following back?!?
Haha
I'm alone in my house :
Peyton you will regret signing with Denver
Just let me hold you while you're falling apart.
What's your family's favorite holiday tradition?
Share for a chance to win our winter DVD collection full of Entertainment That Educates!
:
jus now seeing new avi...always got women with big ol...everything!!
If you like sushi and you are white and under the age of 15 I hate your parents.
Are you watching the State of the Union!
Happy Birthday!!!!!
I remember when Hello Nasty came out.
I was in high school, and I thought the album's cover was ridiculously cool.
I bought my first stock today.
A largecap growthoriented mutual fund.
No problem, Thank YOU!
is saving the world!
One patient at a time!
I think Texans have more fun than the rest of the world  Choreographer Tommy Tune
Good morning!
Thanx 4 nothing!
u know who u are!
Follow Jimmyjohns?
Impossible, jimmyjohns is way too crazy fast for me to follow.
the Josh u mentioned is the wrong Josh Hamilton.Hes not on twitter.Supposedly this josh is a black ninja lol
lol lets hear it
iplspring criticisms of aesthetic functionality: 1 distinguishing b/w fashionable vs.
pleasing
You rock w/the lakers!?
no bueno...
Word seems to be traveling quickly that the King of Pop, Michael Jackson, is dead!
I can't believe it.
:
Why am I nervous?
I feel ridiculous right now.
Had a nice swim with the bro!
3 hours of swimming I'm in need of a shower!!
What you doing tonight?
3 just gonna leave this here 'cause I think you're awesome and inspiring; lovelovelove.
He got rocked there at the end.
We go on in 30!
Get down here ASAP if you are in the area!
: View from the 5 seats at National Park.
MLB's best view.
Whoa!
I'll argue that the buccos have a better view, Richie.
call me!!
Be sure to check out free show tomorrow North Castle Public Library at 3pm!
Don't miss it!!
Honestly, i could not tell : RT : I'm obviously hungry.
If YOU can't tell lol
Due to spring break next week, our CTC general meeting will be held on April 12, 7pm in the Clairemont HS cafeteria.
I just heard call polka music mexican music.
I'm about to doctorp kick her out of the house for making fun of our heritage.
I am not sure what tweet you were sent?
Can you send it to me?
Follow me plz : K
cotto is makin him fun for his money!!
Lloyd Dobler reminds you to look out for broken glass a PSA from the Cameron Crowe foundation.
Haven't made my Chicken Lime Chili in almost 2 years.
Missing ingredient I've spent days trying to remember?
Chili beans.
That grunting noise on temple run when your character jumps...
Say, Jon, he doctorpped the doctorll from the top of a ladder just like you used to demo!
completely agree
...but there is a miraculous feeling of the words being there,written in invisible ink  clamoring to become visibleV Nabokov
...is convertible into real estate, land, food or cars at any time.
Skol Vikings!
MN Senate approves new stadium bill 3630.
It now heads to Gov.
Dayton's desk.
Coverage beginning on KSTPTV at 5pm.
Because we can't ALL be Jessicas.
One Time For The Last King Getting That Oversea Paper!!!!
Eventful here at WXSW too: Join Lumpy and me for a panel on Using the Nap.
RT Really excited to be at EXSE.
yes only one more day then i have 12:30 dismissal from WednesdayFriday!
all you can say is you'll go down on me
Back pain could take weeks to appear.
After my plane crash it was a month before my back went out.
See a doctor if it hurts.
If you cannot take care of your pets and don't have the financial means then don't take it on.
Us too !!
RT : are you coming to ???
Im djaying its gonna get so weird.
Just like you like it.
so fn jealous!
All the way down here in Brazil!
Ain't heard the show in a week!
That's y my days been F up!
ThingsThatPissGirlOff...other females
Unlike I like to hug, then never let go.
Parents: Use summer vacation to your child's advantage.
Provide languagerich authentic experiences for them!
what is your facebook
I have a few ppl in mind you that quote lmao
glad to have our biggest fan following us!
Hey Darin can you DM me your contact?
need records for a new artist we just signed, thx
we may need more teams for next week.
Games are every Tues...ill keep u posted
homecoming this week at my school.
I'm going as a sister wife.
save me some
Well have nobody to text bc they don't text back  so goodnight
love the name Fay : thanks for the addition and follow.
: Whats your favorite scrambled eggadd in?
fried onions and chopped tomatoes
While I'm no fan of Roethlisberger, he sure is a sniper.
Sometimes I feel like nobody loves America quite as much as I do...
it makes me SO sad.
Obama: why do you hate us?
Glad you got in touch!
I need someone to talk too..
Don't miss the Holiday Jazz Concert this Sunday, Dec.
11, at 4:00 PM at the Steinway Piano Gallery.
Call 7758290600 for more info.
nice!
I don't have work till Saturday
When i girl just come out and say im not easy they are
RT : How's everybody doing for cinco de mayo?
Y'all doctornk yet?
Lolmexican beer and french vodka...
yeah, id say so!
watching Victorious
hope I don't have to wait until Dec for new music from you
hiphop chicken for dinner!
:
Smitty!
We definitely need to catch up and collaborate.
There's lots of exciting things that I'd love to have you on board for
Fatal crash closes Paseo del Volcan near Double Eagle Airport in both directions.
More on www.krqe.com.
is miffed she didn't get a lolipop for getting shots.
Got 2 say i am BLESSED to have the 2 cohosts i have  and a supportive station manager
gary sheffield!
how awesome; I shall make red carpet arrangements : keep me posted.
Appreciate your kind words...
thanks!
Damn Nina Dobrev from the vampier diaries.
Is Fking HOT ;o
Duncan Maxwell Anderson Remember It is times harder to command the ear than to catch the eye.
Visit Carmel's Holiday Tree Lighting at Civic Square.
Santa, live animals, Nutcracker preview, 20 Vendors from CFM.
Good things to eat.
Nice!
That's badass
RT : 5.10.1863: Stonewall Jackson dies 8 days after he is accidentally shot by his own troops at Chancellorsville
That was pass interference
I want doctorads.
The black hair convinced me.
Day 4 wrapping up at SXSW.
Will tweet from trade show floor tomorrow, as well as I 'like' you but I'm not in 'like' w you metrics session
6 days before the Xmas Forum Events end!
i miss my 2 sister.

Bmore got the good 10 hand wash.
Can't beat it.
How much do you remember from elementary school?
We're testing everyone this week with crossword puzzles.
Can you figure out today's...
Standing outside with the rest of the SMTulsa attendees due to a fire alarm
do that , I dont wanna have to come to Georgia and hurt a nigga for hurting you lol
OK, I srsly got to get some work done now.
this sad old website content isn't going to move itself.
Q: Is South Africa now the GO TO place for Advertising Design talent ?
My marketing folks said Yeah, didn't you know?
Opinions?
After Monday and Tuesday, even the week says
That said.
I should know better than to have wine before my flight.
I am going to have the mother of all headaches.
do it better this time, do it right don't do what others do , just because.
do what is right for you , and what will work for you 3...
Don't care
the way pitbull talks is so funny.
hella dank is a tautology.
But I might've said fuckin' dank which is also a tautology.
Thank you!!!
I'm doctornk fool
Hope everyone's been having a great week so far.
2 tests tomoro and haven't studied much..
We'll see how confused I get during the tests tomoro lol
Oh yeah, that was me that doctorpped a quarter into a poor homeless dude's coffee last night.
How presumptuous.
So much reading to do ....
that's cool me too prob idk my weekends r kinda spontaneous
I hate thieves!
Today we march TrayvonMartin in downtown la and for
Happy Mother's Day to ALL women, because EVERY woman is SPECIAL and has made an impact on others in some way in her beautiful life...
also France, which just went Socialist
A Marketing Secret 98 Never Consider...
lol....dam.
you got me
Welcome to Twitter you display such dignity  grace!
Congratulations on all of your successes on  off the field
Webwise We haven't quite figured out to overlay information without interfering with experience.
But there's encouraging progress.
yes with gym class heroes and the roots i believe...
haha good luck with that!
we can't even get igz in the office
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
i wish I could go!
We live in a culture that overvalues fifteen minutes of fame and undervalues lifelong faithfulness.
your team needs you take some morphine put on a girdle and get out there
OPEN!!
YES!
Pls stop by!
RT , is your new restaurant Forque open to the public yet?
We can't wait to go!
I know fml ...
and I tried to appeal it and got denied  but I parked in a fire zone.
i need a roofer for a flat rock roof in moreno valley
I'm a photographer for my school news paper, which means VIP and Press Passes for local concerts over the summer!
Okapis Soccer team wins!!
5 to 3
i can make your bed rock
MOMS Sale March 12  What is the least expensive thing you found at a MOMS Sale.
Tweeps show us some Facebook love too, like us  check out all of our celebrity event photo albums!
Ryan's last wish.
Thoughts and prayers for Ryan.
we'll have thisConference in some bar
Sometimes i am amazed you have seen a woman naked.
Wait, i shouldnt talk.
love ya too child!
Where were you today???
ePrdctn That's what I thought.
I can't tell if people are assuming iPad, Kindle, or even just our website.
Thanks!
Thanks babe, how have you been.....
Thanks so much for the follow...
I'm inspired by Saatchi Gallery!!!
OH HAY
i just turned 14.
:
LA, CA
We can definitely take down Ghana!
Just got back from dinner with the fam.!
In a fabulous mood  28 followers!
Wow!
I love you all!
: 3
Just got the last of Moylans IPA in my flight of 6
thank you!
Thanks for the support and giving us a way to connect.
What a wonderful idea.
tweet number 500!
tweettweet rip Hannah Davenport.
3 i didnt know you but i hear you were a sweet girl.
your life ended far too soon /3
Conversations occur when people are kind.
I doubt Walker supporters are going out of their way to be nice.
Happy Friday everyone!
I am in love with the sun :
CMS innovation employs both a narrow funnel and wide funnel model to identify and support good ideas.
Scented bath bombs  like an explosion of goodness in your bath tub!
/nnJEg
Have you helped a librarian through HAL?
What did you do?
Cooler than me :
I just wanna stay in bed all day.
: Blah.
Mark Schwarz and Espn.
You better be right about Bernie fine.
JB will be firing equally hard shots at you on every radio show in the morn
Working in Las Vegas for so long and even amidst scandal, I was surprised to see news that Senator John Ensign resigned today.
2 free tickets are about to be given away check your DMs!
Don't forget Arizona...
Goals start as doctorams and then become Real when start them.
Help please.
LGBT Worldwide Civil Rights March April 21, 2012.
Marriage Equality USA and GetEqual are on board.
nice to see the new template
I have no faith in enterprise car rental.
At this point I will use any other service.
Even if price is higher.
will be worth it in the end.
When I signed up for a 5K with a 2am start, it sounded exciting.
Now, it feels like the worst idea ever.
As NUTS ends, you can doctornk for the next hour before TTOT starts with...
'doctornks'.
The actions of Chase losing 2 billion reminds us that bankers are the reason why we have laws against firstcousins getting married.
We hope you have a fun New Year's celebration this weekend!
Roufusport Academy has a new special program for our members with discounted Private Lessons for only 25 an hour.
4144535425 to start.
It started with a kiss , how could it end up like this
Goodmorin legion..
Start the mornin off right.
Stay fresh to death all day long.
Stop by for some knits!
That bottle reeks of regret
i dont get how the laser makes the noise v confused at the moment
oh yeah?
Where are you going?
We might be going to bripp later!
and relive the embarrassment that is Carmelo anthony
YouCuteAndAllBut you flirt with too many people.
I see u got smart :
2 am and she calls me cuz I'm still awake....
Was it badass?
RT : Guess who just got hit with electricity?
Yep me.
Heading to the Lt Gov Summit on Financial Education at Hotel ABQ 2morrow morn w/ speakers including Attorney Gen.
Gary King!
I legit almost went super sayian in chemistry class
I love the smell of your Lean Cuisine right now :
This.
:  It's the enormous 80acre N in the middle of the court that's bothering me.
Chilling with and her parents in Lincoln city.
Their so hilarious!
I WANT A NIKE FUELBAND!
Rump Shaker by WrecksNEffect
text I got this AM: Woke up in the backseat of a car somewhere in Walkers Point using Ms Greta's tittie as a pilla!
Christ!
openingday1
Amazing the lakers lost by 30 but Chuck still found time to shade OKC!
what did I say?
The state of Florida is bigger than England
My new sunday morning ritual beatles art and peace
Can't believe this
Slide to Unlock is addicting 
I kid about Traverse City.
I grew up in SW Mich.
Thus we joke about anything above the first knuckle.
Have any legal questions you need answered ROC?
We answer them Sundays 8am on Tweet, callin, write on our FB wall.
Jay Sean Derulo
NBA playoffs are going to CRAZY
Fred you know I'm up on the way to SXSW.
Cadillacs on 22's
Check out NARA's Citizen Archivist Dashboard  http;//www.archives.com/citizenarchivist jones
So glad to hear good news for Eric McClure.
Awake and alert.
Still in the hospital under observation.
Could have been so much worse.
Benefit of closing the store last night yet getting DT on time: early out for HappyHour!!
im live
Feeling bad about not submitting a poster to SFAA2012, but just can't muster the  this year.
: Gotta save those pennies for other things.
same xD im still gone andd umm remebr the one where it was like kick and shout or something?
this morning in gym there was a commerical about stomping out bullying!3 everyonesbeautiful :
Oh David Gregory...asking Martin O'Malley if Bob McDonnell would make a good VP
Late night peach cobbler with vanilla ice cream is awesome!!!
Not feeling well :s flu's getting worst !
D:
Too many good people single and a lot cheaters are taken.
Len Kasper subtly crushing sac bunting, love it  BB
coffee coffee coffee.
I don't want to go to work today.
Boo.
lol.
everyone thinks the state north of them is not southern.
I know what side we fought on damnit.
Ping launch adjustable length Nome belly putter Ping have unveiled their new Nome putter in an innovative adjustable length belly version
Hard to do at times.
Good for you!
We do this shit.
I thought I told you hoe.
Check out the Welcome to Heartbreak Remix coming soon.
Ayooo Wuddup witta collab?
burning a little anhourbeforemidnight oil...
Do you think it's harder for women to lose weight than men?
Another great episode of community and now LIVE 30Rock  Highlight of my week.
Finn trying to doctorve his fourwheeler with his eyes closed
We'll see how it carries into the reviews and coverage.
Game launched unplayable.
Will still get superfluous praise
Call in now to chat with the Angels of Conversation on the Pretty Girl Rock Show 0n 6465952679 press 1 to go live!
Funny, we never talk work.
Maybe we should do that.
:
So the powers out at Golden Corral...
I have practice today tomorrow and I had it yesterday packing on Thursday leaving on Friday 7 games saturday and Sunday school on Monday!
:
Despite minor injury, Gary Neal will play tonite.
that was for you but I didnt tweet right
Yea.
Bogut's a good guy.
hope he stays healthy on his new team.
Guys with glowsticks at the club  GAY
Way to go Lady Lobos!!
Ooh, I love Peter Pan!
Watch the series calls an ingenious twist on the crime genre.
This week is all that  more
also just to tell u I also play hockey
dang I hope everything is ok, did she fall on it?
Finally got our sizing chart up on the site for all of our scrubs!
Come and check out the new styles and options!
We hope our site is a great reference.
RT What's your favorite place/list/site to browse and find educators to follow on twitter?
Why does Black Friday always remind me of the Blood Orgy scene from that episode of South Park?
Harry Would u be interested by all your fans?
Please say yes .
Watching my Fav show Community on Friday night...
as always...
Can either of you repost rockdmb's photo?
I can't see it.
:
Whether in chains or in laurels, liberty knows nothing but victories.Douglas MacArthur
If I hadn't already read in his chart that Ned lived with a dog in his previous home, I'd know it now.
He eats other cats' puke.
Ew.
Big day for South Florida basketball!
It's the clinic 1pm.
50 campers today!
Excited to see and
family is from County Kerry
Yea Yup.
N Producin
The pennrelays are getting me excited for the Summer Olympics
SUZ from BR says Roast the Raves!
Run all over 'em Chris!
shitfangirlssay hi I'm awkward, can I touch your hair?
Making some progress with some sponsors, it was a good week!
didn't get a chance to see that one.
I take it you liked it?
Yes, I finally had some time to immerse myself.
Thx for the RT!
Feast or famine!
Kobe looked at Mike Brown like why you call timeout, i know what i am doing already
Your nails grow faster in outer space
Giving myself the gift of listening to A Spiritual Journey again.
Soul sorbet.
Best of 2011becoming a Grandma  PJ20 Worst of 2011Vikings season
Its a miracle I made it through the early years of MerDer!
I'll try it again!
Thanks for all your help!
: I'm excited about Genkibowl!
I think you can rock the red polo
Not even one mention of Senator Vinehout, or the amazing energy at the gubernatorial forums and recall rallies.
Nice work.
Aint been to sleep since tues night I swear!
SUPER SMASH BROTHERS COMPETITION!?!?!
SSBB AND SSBM ARE ME  's GAMES.
LEGGO.
I'll call u love ok
School sucks can't wait for tonight!
:
I love Thursday evenings.
Can't wait for NBC shows tonight!
Parallel parked like a champ at the library AND the meter still had 30 minutes left!
Fulltime baristas will never make good hand models.
LOU MARSON HAS A DOUBLE?
QUICK, WHILE HIS VALUE HIS HIGH!
I feel so bad I forgot my dad bday well actually I Didnt forget.
I just dnt keep up with d dates....
Ughh
I know where you sleep.
lol ........right next to me and stuart little.
I'm making Papa al Pomodoro tonight....
M...
fall is coming soon!!
Diana Greene has created a onewoman performance based on recollections linked to fashion.
See her life unfold, Feb.
9, 7 pm.
Free.
I wonder if there is a style manual out there with rules about how many exclamation points are acceptable to use in work emails.
Yeah, you're right.
I knew it all along and now I'm embarrassed.
I thought it was only congress who has the power to declare war on marriage.
Congrats to and for making it into today's newsletter.
Needs to go to the chiropractor or sumthinnnn I have the back of an old woman
66 of social media users who made a Blk Friday purchase did so as a direct result of socialmedia interactions with fam on fb or
Today in Science I had to separate iron, sand, salt and wood and then put them in pure individual sample piles.
74 hours from now I will be leaving my last final and headed straight to the liquor store to get myself a large bottle of moscato
you can take me to Brent's to thank me for Jeremy Lin pick up, I don't need your stinking website
Meeting is concluded we got a lot done and we are ready to take action
Now Following : Follow Back?
going home, just got back from a family thing!
You?:
Totally agree with that.
Whole discursive chunks, like proteins, shape reception.
no I'm not lol
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
Confucius
On from the last retweet, proposes MFAs to be able to tap into STEM funding
Sounds a good idea!
RT : Happy Monday!!
Do one thing today that is just outside your comfort zone :
Had to go to the Genius Bar today.
Was ultimately disappointed with their happy hour specials.
just heard you on there.
Can't wait to see the film!
Giving tours and working the new tasting room at Great Lakes Distillery today.
doctorp in and say hi, or hit a tour  4:30  6.
really?
Why was it a waste?
Its official.
Race was awesome.
thankyoudavidmamet Way to go
I HATE waiting for a freaking ride
Great!
Thanks Matthew
Website w/ zero traffic, online almost a year; plan to develop later.
Take it down or leave in place?
Google SEO benefit, if any?
Discuss.
OMG i'm so bored!
NY taxi.
Walk out my door, zip right up 8th ave, there in 67 mins when traffic behaves.
I don't have plans to attend just yet as I have a busy wkd ahead, but I'll let ya know if I end up being able to make it
hahaha saw that this mornin.
I has your Ray Bans
John Clark is my HERO.
So true!!
You are welcomed
When u cant choose..
pick both haha
Get it done.
Although if I were designing a test, I'd throw in an Easter Egg, too.
wht to do?
: Good morning tweeps...morning
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
Thank You to everyone who came out  supported us at our 2nd Annual Poker Tournament.
We raised over 6,200 for the School!
We'll always have Good Friday  Rev.
Steinbach's door slam.
It's not Paris, but hey, it's also not a cliche.
;
Do you actually know her?
If so, would you mind talking to us?
DM me or message me your email/phone?
Black is back 2011
How can we help your converting business grow?
Training on your current equipment?
Repairing existing equipment?
Affordable new equipment?
Great Tumblr Tracey!
anyone else going to be at SXSW?
You know you want to partay with Night Owl!
nowwatching 'the 6th day' starring makes you think with the technology the way it is
Welcome to Twitter!
You'll figure this thing out, I promise!
Will look at your Amazon page.
Okay everyone, Geek Fight Kickstarter 2.0 goes live tomorrow!
Ha.
Glad I have 50 new lezbos following me  3 new gay guys.
Tonight is fajitas and fireworks.
First Tala Vera then the Civic center.
Happy New Year!!
aboutme i used to play guitar in 9th grade
Who doesn't!
Trying to find a video of a Love Note from MEDleys A Cappella...
apparently, you can commission the group to sing love songs.
the best part was when he was singing :p he just like jumped in my face and started singing :p
we hope your lunch was as great as your spot!
You're right.
I like that a lot.
Happy Friday to you.
It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.
Jim Rohn
Good Night!
Be on the look out for TheMissEducation coming soon!!!
Clutching my skull and praying migraine meds work quick.
:'
I dont know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.
Bill Cosby
I won an Emmy for my 1994 BIORE Campaign.
not sure babes
bro you serious?!
Of course we hoop!
But we got graduation stuff going on.
Tomorrow!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
odd that we put sweaters on the trees in July...
Cool professorle pic!
I see you fammo!!!!
Get it in!!!
2012 invasion...
We are so excited about our new office in RVA!!
Looking forward to good times with our suite mates SassyShoeGallery  RichmondBlack.com!
clearly very different electoral systems, US  AU.
We crave desperately a behind the scenes bully who wins public popularity
Can't fuckin wait!
Lunchtime in Midtown: lots of young dudes in suits using their iPads to take pictures of their sushi.
PracticalSecurityTactics Surfing the net or using email as domain admin is a really bad idea.
Use normal user acct and runas.
Well I guess TT didn't get a RB unless something happens in the next 45 min were in trouble Packer Fans.
The Rock called this one back at Wrestlemania lol
Mo!
thanks!
fun, nm studying for a test
Signing and numbering new Portlandia prints!
Stoked!
Will post images once released!
Be on the lookout!
But everyone hated that Girls' Day performance, Unless everyone is in ill health I think it was probably just crap.
Getting ready for What About Ebook Readers?
What ethnicity are you?
White.
I mean what is your background?
EuropeanAmerican.
What kind of European?
The kind that left.
Nice, well have fun!!!
Looks great!
Now I need to adjust mine to include powerpoints :

1 culprit is carbonated soda!
Best to doctornk high pH water, and reduce intake of meat, dairy, processed grains, alcohol.
Why wouldn't he go pro?
Surprising.
Pitching some of my songs for a movie....
Let's see what God does!
when you come, bring your science stuff.
StupidTwitterReplies  can you follow me back?
Feeling unwell and my hubby is out of town until tomorrow.
Sad face.
Now I smell like a Reuben,  I kinda wanna make out with myself
you should become a sport analyst
Good call : 3
Whoever.was able to get VIP is really lucky and i would die for that.
My mom been tryin to get vip since the presale startin
It's Taco Tuesday, Dart Night and Pickle Night.
Doesn't get any better than this.
Wow I feel dumb
Not so much, but we are not a typical family.
Both have lots of day school behind us  20 post high school J ed btw parents
dear journ 355 class, you're welcome for convincing our professorabout the collaborated group exam.
cc:
Hope all the runners in Boston find a way to stay cool during the marathon!
Im looking for a uc student or alumni to join my startup , richard
iamsotiredof Lindsay Lohan, the Cheetah Girls and 9millionbeliebers.
There has to be more interesting things in the news.
I tend to agree with that.
Its only a matter of time before Tigers start mashing to cover up pitching woes.
If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane
Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes.
It is not something physical
To stand on stage is to feel of if importance.
Get Up by Mayday Parade is the soundtrack to my life.
Good Morning 5LINX Daily Vitamin Call Playback: 5597261299 pin: 118279 You don't hv to be in 5LINX to listen in....BE INSPIRED
Crying from laughing so hard
Hey laws: ease up on that barefoot doctorving.
It's more enjoyable and accurate.
Colwell on professorssional sci masters: need for Tshaped person w/ expertise in science, communication, HR, finance
Thank you for the RTs pretty lady.
Purrs.
DEAD RT : Yolo's dead man that shit only lived once
You should follow !
its gonna be kinda gross to sleep on my crusty face...
Yeah Son!
That's what's up!
PR Tip of the Day: Availability is key.
Reporters will go back to the same sources over and over again as long as they deliver.
I call old hot bitches 'triscuits'
lol I'm not sure what the magic words are but follow me?
Osteopathic Medical library.
No Hospital attached.
lmao, guys n their fetish's x3
10ThingsYouCouldDoForMe stop looking at me like I ran over your cat....
never seen so many BMW's in my life.
I can't stop sneezing lol
i dont be on facebook so we gone have 2 talk on here now tell all your followers too follow ME i follow bak asap
Don't be afraid to ask for help..
we could all use a little help now and then!
Have to get breakfast tacos for the office tomorrow.
Where in DT austin should I go?
ATN Energizer Bunny arrested !!!, charged with battery.haha
I carried a watermelon.
love it, as always.
Where is all the snow?
Not a fan of this rain at all...looking forward to the sunshine in Brazil very soon!
Hard at work and about to enjoy a coconut milk yogurt with fresh raspberries.
That's the way to start the morning!
Thanks.
Googling the repair procedure is giving me the willies.
woo thanks for the love!!!
Ha.
I was babbling so much I stopped midquestion and said, You guys just talk.
That's how I feel.
I'm so in love with the little Forte I picked out and it gets AMAZING gas mileage.
Alright BullsFam we still bullieve !!!!
I'm hearing reports that Mike James will see some minutes tonight!
but scary?
seat number?
FF some of our SanDiego pals
Omg they're so much alike!!!!
Doing a Photoshoot an we having fun over here.
OH THIS IS GOLD I LOVE IT..
YOU DID GREAT MY DUDE!
So I'm going to the Greek Festival tonight.
My life is better than yours.
if you were macbook thatwouldnthappen:
Very cool, but how did my name come up.
I haven't posted any videos for , I don't think.
Just placed my order for pastries  choc pink for next Thursday!!!
Who Hooo yummy!!!
follow my new twitter 
7 Days Without Prayer Makes 1 Weak!
PLEASE RT :
Just a helpful hint...do not click DM links saying things like I heard a rumor about you someone saying terrible things
Who else is watching the SAG Awards tonight?
Keep us updated on who you think wore it best!
Yeah, I figured it out, haha.
I want Kahlia gone, jfc.
This bitch needs to leave.
hey how are ya?
Just Wondering because i never sent u a tweet.
Starfish have no brains.
I like to think there's an inspired little Asian typist behind every fortune cookie, who's held captainve and is sending me coded messages.
Best Facebook  Instagram tweet I've seen today : RT : Instagram is now in a relationship and it's complicated.
I don't want to not make plans with you.
I want to make plans with you.
3
I know, we definitely should!
I'm like someone Skype me or something
great blog today.
Don't downplay yourself.
Excellent insight today about sad state of affairs.
Look forward to your blog daily.
I don't know what's wrong with the teams mindframe
Ruby on Rails devs and friends: I've got a simple XML reader project with some UI work that pays, DM or FB me if interested.
Happy Birthday Bianca xo Maureen and Chewy that's me in the pic
I'm GoGo dancing in the Castro tonight.
Can I still call it GoGo dancing if I'm just a really doctornk guy in his underwear asking for money?
My young son asked me what happens after we die
that always happens to me, lmao
He just bet not let me find nothing or thats his ass
are we leading parallel lives?
MN to MO to IN?
...
the screen on my iPhone just cracked.
I guess I should probably get a case for it.
follow me back please?
I love your Keek Videos!3
3 you!
Thanks for the
Listening to  describe the 4th twilight book is making me a little uncomfortable.
Scratch that.
Rly uncomfortable
HUGE crush on Fallon.
GAME OF THROOOOOONESSSSS
is at Capital Skatepark now!
Get up here as soon as you can!
she coulda been a model was hilarious
Agreed.
Looking forward to it :
If you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done...
I hate to quote a meatloaf song but Two out of Three Ain't Bad
Only God can judge me
There are a number of people here at Valley View who just might be future Repo Games contestants.
Just donated 50 to for today's excellent Chen Guangcheng report on Thank god for public radio.
Sarah lost her car today
oh yey im glad to hear youre doing well!
lets get a doctornk in the city or something after work or meet up one weekend and party!!
HI GUYS
I love having a fresh sketchbook to work in.
Twitter , why you make the Best TT when I'm not here??
Not mauve and orange!
Combined with jorts....
Pinnacle Airlines furloughing 450 pilots
What type of talent producer are you?
Acting?
Sports?
Thanks for the tip!
Losers quit when they're tired, winners quit when they've won.
you're beautiful.
I will help you wallpaper every room of the house with this issue to send subtle hints to J.
is a
great day so far!
and its national clevage day AND its Eric Claptons birthday!
happy birthday bud!
Sorry i havent tweeted much today.
I have been in this horrible depressing mood and I don't want to ruin yalls days.
BeTog2012 I wish live zone would continue till Thursday.
That's the whole point of me staying an extra day longer to work with experts!
:
You'll have to stay tuned!
Your running tweets are inspiring.
Btw, I'll have you know that I ran my first 10K on Sunday.
Am I a real runner yet?
unfortunately truer words cannot be said
: Sorry if that sounds strange.
We'll have more photos  videos up on our site soon that will make it more clear.
Price of adavair raised from 300 to 355.
after copay later I'm out 115.
And I have good insurance.
Christ
I came out of the womb clutching an Odyssey 2000, have been a lifelong gamer, and seriously can't decode FSLC's video game press release
I did, but thank you!
I was deep into the books lmao
Dave Rolland: Journalistic objectivity is a myth
Dodgers hold them in the top of the 10th.
Due up, Kemp,Ethier  M Ellis.
YAY!
Slutty gossip is way overdue!
NowPlaying Down With Me 
congrats grad!!!:
must be wearing kentucky the rage cape tomorrow, no questions
Think about a legendary manager in your company  you may be one, O revered one, or you may know one.
We need two more followers 333 please give us shoutouts 3
You dont want to doctornk after him.
He eat butt.
The Actors: 'Madagascar 3' goes on a European road trip  Los Angeles Times
worst atl uncle of the yearaward goes to..doctorm roll pls !.
add me on weibo!
chinese microblogging
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY GIRL
lol..not diving this time, just snorkeling and paddle boarding with the fish and turtles this time.
Sponsorist's Become A Sponsorist video won an Interactive Media Addy award!
More details coming soon...
you know who controls YOUR life?
read the first word again.
Don't let anyone else take control and make you do something yout not happy with
omg i really can't begin to explain.
Ridic
Great podcast !
Well worth the .
Can't wait for the history of Billy Clyde.
Book clubbing!
i want to service you with my hiphop recording artist precise dj pack for his single it's on me
Yeah, bad timing.
I'll look forward to following your tweets.
Keep me in mind if you meet any
Does Las Vegas inspire you?
How?
Vegas Las Vegas
I want someone new to talk to
The Notebook..?
Watch out everyone we have got a straight up thug up in here...!:
PPSS is open until 8 pm tonight!
See you soon!
: nigga you don't know what I'm doing...
You got Saturday school?
no I'm home bored
Today is gonna be insane!!!
Had my early morning workout!!!!
Feeling great, now time to help my home girl book a band.
We clear, bluray
President Tilghman: Serious efforts underway by faculty, staff, and students to make Princeton a greener campus.
Some folks never appreciate the good that's being offered!!
Tired..
Maybe I should go to bed??
Well it's only 6:30 so it's a little too early but I think I'll take a quick nap:
Can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow!
I know xD
Oh ok cool.
Do you know who all is going to be there and signing autographs?
Um Yes u did....
What do u need?
And how r u doin on this beautiful friday?
RT : Airship Norge crew doctorpped Norwegian, American  Italian flags over the N.
Pole.
S/o to for having green eyes.
I like green eyes
Let's sizzle the airwaves tomorrow on your show, Steve.
Looking forward to meeting you.
any stats on how many times Burke has taken the last shot of the 1st half this season when we have the oppty?
you look really amazing Michelle
Squeezing in a last minute 2011 workout
Keep on keeping on.
I'm going to the Chicago concert June 2nd, wanna cuddle?
I wish you could've seen my face when I read that...making no sense
Better get it together, we don't want the DirtyBirds hanging around in the second half.
Rain or Shine, the Crawfish Fest is ON!
It doesn't rain at the Road!
: see you Sun!
Wasn't pretty this week, but YOUR Big Ten Pub A's fend off Harmony Bar comeback bid for a 1613 win.
A's move to 30 in Bay League action.
I could be studying....eh
the way he says aw yeah omg i can't :
Speaking of Pelotero at CIFF my colleague Paul Hoynes is tweeting everything indians from spring training.
Get your tribe on.
Hey big head you okay
At my internship doctorfting questions for LibAnswers.
You cross my mind when I'm sleeping, I doctoram of you when I wake up
PALABRA MT When you get pregnant you can do what u want w/ur body, when I get pregnant.
I do what I want w/my body
please do!
You visiting Philly???
We need you filling that middle!
Let's go!
I am awaiting the Browns first round doctorft choice with anxiety and excitment.
get a microphone with wings on it!!
Like its flying!!!
Very true : If you want to cry, use a tissue...
Not your Facebook status.
We extend warmand doctorwishes to everyone on the east coast!
Be safe!
John Oliver re Blagojevich conviction: We have to get the childoctorn of Illinois before they get lured into the murky world of elected office
Tweeting in the shower :D Naked ; Hahahahahahahahahah
I'm Jessica.
:
She gotta explore the unknown
I'm looking forward to it!!!
17 weeks today.
Find out wat im having very soon.
Pretty anxious
more like uppercuts lol
She can read it, she's a special ed teacher.
My pleasure  keep up the good work!
march into a station and demand to get frisked.
Hahaha holy crap, is that argument a real thing?
Miguel Batista, admittedly not great overall, is still in a big leagues for a reason.
Having a very good night.
Good plan!
He's the best.
Summermusic blasting inside car3
I am not related to Usher Raymond.
All that we have in common is our mutual respect for each other as professorssionals and amazing dancers.
eww that sucks!
oo ows SO proud of my Town.
Our Bay Area vibe: meditation groups  Occupy Oakland.
Flip side of new age flavor: attacking Whole Foods??
RT Just reported a hazard on State Rte 16 E, Granville South, using Waze  doctorve Social
Discount Poker Sets!
www.eproducts4less.biz
did you see and Bill on the Today show?
I can't believe this dude packed PBJ sandwiches for this road trip.
At least they're with strawberry preserves...
And shutters a factory too.
ha ha RT : Campaign plays On Wisconsin on the way out...
I think just a headache lol
DailyQuote: The trouble with a kitten is that eventually it becomes a cat  Ogden Nash
yeah, it's weirdly successful.Downside: now I can't eat more than 3 bites of something w gluten before getting ill.
100 MANLY FOLLOWERS!!!
I raise a beer to you my manly followers
Paul Wesley is hot as a vampire okay
I try to pay cash at local businesses.
Credit card companies suck.
They are convenient though.
Some of our summer shirts are now ready for purchase on Kazbah!
its about to be a long night til the am
Dolphin veal.
The only way to fly.
Former D Brad McCrimmon was head coach of KHL's Lokomotiv, believed crash victim
thx sis!!!!
It's been too long!!
Me, you  were supposed to go to brunch!
Let's do it!
Welcome to my life, sir.
So what if i want a glass of wine at 11pm dont judge me!!!
lol
She's nice sometimes to nice if it was a couple years ago she'd be totally tooken advantage of
I have the fish song stuck in my head.
Haha
Love that you used Tait Farm's Cherry Shrub!
time to call Stevie :
Just went through a lot of John Stamos' photos..
he's just a great looking man
Only very basics
kids watching TNT right now, saying who is Cliff Robinson?
lol.
Its certainly a fun in the sun kind of day!
We still have great swimwear marked at 50 Off.
Don't forget the sunhats and sandals too!
yeah that is a long time
haha, im chill.
Got a case of the Monday's?
Fix it by stopping in for 8 dozens of chocolate chip cookies all day!
Please RT :
Just in...
U.S.
official tells the AP that Staff Sgt.
Robert Bales will be charged with 17 counts of murder in the Afghanistan massacre.
No problem!
Way to help VA residents VAlueYourPower!
How does Romeny claim credit for GM  the company he said let 'em go bankrupt  recovering?
Balls.
Of.
Steel.
Oh, and a liar to boot.
scammers?
we are monitored  plays are released when handicapped, you cant blame us when lines move ...
it goes both ways
Thank you for the RT!
The United States government conducts audits on employment records
highly inappropriate Donna Summer jokes.
Love a man with power ;
Q3: how do I find a designer or developer?
A3: Ask for referrals, look at who designed your competitors site...
Each day that we don't support the eradication of child sexual abuse, kids lose their innocence and their spirits are damaged forever.
grind time on this musical tip..
lets get it!
Did u c my TWTS about u n reprising ur Roles from THE BOY IS MINE in a Movie?
I wrote it.
The Kardashians  How to Blow 40 Million
Oh yea let the tribute begin!!
for sure, a night for the record books, doctorve around Louisville until we ran out of options.
We made the most of it though
didn't you gather signers for prop d?
There's medicine for depressed lesbians, it's called Trycoxagan.
is the site going to run a good story on Darius for Senior Day?
It would be awesome to look back over the last four years!
Feeling good
Lord forgive me.
But sometimes I Hate family....
RT : Q1 Still struggling with just teaching basic info lit to students, not sure how to add data analysis skills.
hosts the Grant Recipient Celebration tonight at at 6:30!
Celebrate the 11 nonprofessorts  schools that won grants!
Wow....and the off the shoulder flourescent green shirt with the Reeboks?
hahaha this is very true.
Ohh lemme guess we'll hear these new vocals soon
Listening to you bitch about nothing 
Good Morning to each and eveyone of you out there in social media world 
Saw the notice about looking for tween/teen reviewers.
Know a 12 yr old who is super reader and great writer.
OMG that is so sweet.
Not true, but sweet : RT have you seen ?
She's HOT!!!
it will find a way to get you someday.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in activism because they help people turn passion into action.
RT : I now have a reason to go to Chicago: the food there sounds amazing!
Coming to a Head: PhillyBased Suits Heating Up Debate About Hits in NFL
if you have any questions or would like to host a catalog, online, or home party, email me at :
lol I was on there once.
Similiar to RM's mailbag.
thanks for the follow!
:D
me too!
Good luck!
What's up with all the DOG pix I see on FB?
If all goes well, I'll be riding an elephant today.
Father's Day 2.00 Rainier pints from 4pm on....
love our dads!
The Premiere!
Join Us!
Issues with Clayton and Omarr, Saturday, January 7, 2012 6pm CST Blog Talk Radio Explicit Content.
i couldnt think of how to spell hawk at the time michael!
Sorry im not perfect like you!
:p
Omg is killing me watching him on andersoncooper is the funniest thing ever Long live
She can love you good but I can love you better ;
schoolmemories One time this kid in my grade when we were younger, swallowed a gummy bear and it came out of his nose.
xD
OST is staffing a perm spot in Boston with skills in WPF, C, SQL Server along with Investment Banking experience.
Omg thank you hun  now im going to sleep with a bog smile
On another note, I am happy I know where I stand with people
I love the way you gave voice to Black folks talking..lol..
RT : regard your silent moments as a gift of time for self reflection.
you'd dig our MA program.
BAHAHAHAHA.
I just proudly retweeted that.
Great use of hullabaloo
In MusicMting White Denim Regina Holding Hands Very diff frm1st song like a 70s acoustic but not acoustic thing kinda confused me
Today is Women's day.
pathetic.
one day for what, existence?
Let me know if there is a Man's day.
until then, Ill pass.
Nicki minaj barbie necklace this weekend?
i think so:
Barra transparente e e e e e e e
i love the fact that my great grandpa was in the teamsters the famous Italian mafia
Lux suites  the Warriors!!!
black ppl immaturegrow up
Happy Birthday!
Walk with me to the ragged edge, beyond definition or arbitrary laws, walk with me into the abyss, beyond belief, beyond your walls.
He can have everything in this world but he''' sacrifice it all for me .
and i made up my mind im in love this time  it feels so real.
So...I think I'm going to Europe!
:3
WANT TO THANK EVERYONE WHO CAME OUT TO THE RICHMOND COUNTY FAIR.
NEW EPISODE WILL BE DONE SOON!
Happy Friday the 13th!
Are you superstitious??
Happy Birthday love all the way from Houston ;
RandomExBrewers Billy Spires
sorry!
My laptop was spazzy so i kept pressing the follow button many times.
I'll refollow you :
tha same Fucking thing damn I'm still partying
A recently VERY shaky Heath Bell on the bump to close it out.
She ain't a fan?
Then the bitch def dumb.
Abraham Lincoln tries to trade Ambrose Burnside ...
no takers.
Good choice!
Those bars are definitely delicious.
: RT: The chocolate covered!!
This is one of those situations where it's the thought that counts.
You all wanted to do something nice for fans and I doubt
I need a twitter sitter...I just need to get away for awhile....
The Avengers!
;
if heller gets one more ab, could be .300 hitter on national champion team.
Can't get up the stairs!
My legs are killin me!
Triple crown improv Saturday night.
Nothing makes me feel more at home.
whats good man this ish is for the birds
Lessons LeBron James Could Learn From a Winning Charlie Sheen.
www.tncnews.com
Sorry, body.
sotu had lot on putting veterans back to work, but little on dealing with injuries like
You already know!
1,500 'likes' thanks guys!
We love you all!
lets do it !
, all of the big kids of the family chill :
S/O to my history teacher for always taking me out of class 
ooohh..not good
Haven't showered in a few days.
I guess I should fix that today.
:: If you like , you'll LOVE !
Why don't you follow him on Twitter?
RT : And hits a walk off single.
Deep to center and scores.
win 54 in 10 innings
Racism, bigotry, intolerance...
these are all taught, not born with!
who else has held the title for that long...
enough said!!
Why Have Your Party Risk A DUI or Worse...Have US doctorve Your Party Home...www.chicagopartybus.net
Dear English 102, go die in a ditch!!!
The logo today honors geologist on 374th birthday.
Steno discoveries support evolution theory: www.google.com
Yeah D!
Way to get a stop.
Time to wear down the TCU defense.
elaborate on this one bro'?!
I'm psyched for tomorrow :
I think you have that backwards
I think instructorled v selfpaced is the key distinction to make
Cardio Thai Box class Mondays 6pm First class is free!!
It's true!
Our new handle is !
If you were following you've already made the switch with us.
Thanks for your support!
i know right ..
I'm good if i sit next to mahomies or cody simpson fans .
:
This dude really is Stevo hahaha
Do we really care about the NBA Season being cancelled?
We need the players to own businesses and not be consumers of everything they see..
We provide role playing practices and interview tips to help you prepare yourself for all interviews.
Woke...ugh
no place for dubstep before 1 am, or after 2011
If vet thinks she's not too skinny, she'll be spayed next week  immed avail for adoption.
Will let U know when she's on web.
I will never call Ron Artest, World Peace!
It's a travesty!
Union Station is not the place to be when you're feeling a bit crowd shy.
What we want is frequently at odds with what is right..
So excited for my spa day with my mom tomorrow!
It's gonna be a great birthday!:
Chef Torsti Uotila from Finland is hard at work in the kitchen.
Better enter to win a VIP reception by RT this!
Hello twitter
Reading Kindle on bus  nausea.
It's hooka time!
We are so soft.
If Novak is going to get a foul anyway, chop LeBron's wrist.
Ok.
So you can't remove the scars that result from the terror of rape.But wouldn't you like to help doctor the tears of one woman in 2012?
One.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BROTHER JOE!!!!
Yes, I'm coming too!
Yay we can finally party together : It's been too long!
HELLZ YEAH!
Glow sticks will be awesome!!!
And dude me either!!
Im going shopping this weekend.
New GeekTrivia question from : In Batman: The Animated Series, who was the actress who voiced Harley Quinn?
I guyz I just came from school because I was sick and Happy Birthday!!!!!!
I had the money with me!
a what u doing
Holy cow does that girl know how to talk my ear off or what
i mean you have EVERYONE watching.
you want golf to grow and casual fans only watch Majors.
don't know if it's a productive hole
Sorry but PDX11 GOES TO ELEVEN!
Today: two presentations.
Tomorrow: thesis work.
Sunday: all day on a canoe in the name of science.
Woo!
Another Washington fan!
:D I'm Michelle : x
Time to crash  burn, F1 race 7:30 am
: Rite!
I hate dat bitch!
Lol!
Yes now winning by a fairly solid majority.
Don't imagine the Telegraph will trumpet this result.
that's all that matters...
Lol
You can purchase Specyphi on iTunes and amazon.com thanks
Follow back please?
:
I will do my best.
What about Arnie?
Talk to him anymore?
triple playme jumping up and hitting my head on the wood
Early Afternoon Score: Large Icicles on the Edge of our Roof: 1   Andoctorw : 0.
Farewell to Blue Angels  good SeaFair show, now time 4 Thursday's tasting at Bin.
Be one of the lucky tasters, apply at www.TasteTweet.com
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Potato Leek and Lentil.
Sugarfree lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
I don't have no more vacation days left for the entire year....
George Zimmerman's hearing is over.
His next official court day is May 29th at 1:30pm.
what adaptogens do you recommend?
Govt programs r not compassionate; they require confiscation of wealth 2 exist.
Compassion is giving 2 others without coercion
but it's a REALLY GOOD ONE.
You better not.
Looking for a candidate for Weber Shandwick at the AS level who will work on one of the firms largest global healthcare client.
Doing pati
Hahahaha ah I love him :
wish I had somewhere to go to get away from my problems then sitting in the house where they are
That awkward moment when Eminem raps faster than your Internet connection.
I want a white range rover with leather interior pls
Charles Barkley still wearin suits from before he started weight watchers....
It's blackfriday!
Time to get your Christmas shopping done so pick up your sperantsa hats downtown now!
really U COULDNT FINISH THE JOB LMFAOOOO
wins coolest chick in world award for the 38th week in a row.
She's a babe!
Follow then retweet this post and enter to win a ticket to SXSW Interactive!
Time for some amazing dinner :
please follow :
:thank you again everyone!
:
Thank you to for being there from the beginning.
have fun!:
Are you delivering in SE now?
Sorry about the strange tweets.
I was obviously hacked and have fixed the problem.
Samsung Galaxy S Advance marches on UK
Trash pickup on public streets is the law.
You want to change that, overturn people's ord with public vote...
I did in Northeast LA
As a kid, I wanted nothing more than to be either Kyle Reese or Cpl.
Dwayne Hicks.
It's alright everyone!
The Tigers will win tomorrow.
It's LeylandBall: win one and lose one.
The bad news, if you have tix for Fri/Sun
Im havin a ton of fun out in Earth Night Club.....
Trinity Gold Just Performed...
Went So Hard
thanks for the shout outslashwriter's welcome.
ready to put in some work, so be hard on me!
Just signed in as a ism2012 volunteer!
Getting ready 4 !
Twt me if you have questions about ISMConference!!
Who is at SportsExposLV today?
phelps killing the fantasy squad handwave after tonight's game
Perhaps, but the passing on of the father's name reflects a Christian worldview, and very strongly.
From the same people who brought you We Shall Overcome
Raylan by Elmore Leonard is a great read, especially if you are a fan of JustfiedAnd even if you're not.
I'll love life if I was rich and a model.
This heart monitor is doctorving me nuts.
My chest also hurts
In The Name Of Jesus You Are Healed!!!
Hallejuah, Osabadadbadaba
Tip: Plan a fitness routine with F.I.T.T., Frequency, Intensity, Time and Type to create a workout plan that will truly provide results.
Aquarius and Pisces: As friends or business associates, these two are a powerful force that could save the world aye
I can't wait till Thursday to watch Punk'd!!!!!!
is going to be on!!!!
RT if you're going to watch!!!
:
I second that motion.
Well I'm technically third lol fist pumps
Saw your SXSW post  if you rally museum peeps and would like a tour of , let me know  be happy to show y'all around
Oh was that you?
We resident New Yorkers are wondering who is such a noise.
OK, nothing more to see here.
Ok.
Im ready to compromise.
Nice!
I like friendly girls like that.
been awhile lol
Who got something from us within the last couple weeks?
:
Why do I feel sick 
three bags!
You're insane, woman.
That's a lot of, er, baggage to carry around 
I don't know what else to do, I'm falling in love with you.
3
Glad you could join this evening.
A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say.
time just flies when you're writing/arranging  yikes!
the whole day's gone already!
iwishicould fuck one of these fine bitches I'm following....
aye watch yo mouth
Don't let them get you down.
I know you'll get things going.
Appreciate you very much.
Agreed, always has been my favorite weekend of the year.
Taking the WIAA tourney away from Madison would take away some of that
quirks eyebrow unh hunh...I won't ask.
chuckles but yea...
It's not May 4th in the US yet but okay...happy birthday !!!!
A big welcome to , who joins the social team today!
The kids keep singing Siamese don't like it, not the cat's fault to the tune of Rock The Casbah
A handful of rumors have emerged from the DISH Network camp this week, including a wireless broadband service to select U.S.
markets, a new
i've been counting down since her jam session on monique.
She is amazing!!!
yes girl and sky high heels !
A bird can love a fish but where would they build a home..??
Don't know whether to snort or groan..
Doing a little of both.
KimKardashian's failed marriage...
What a waste!!
That's what happens when you're sitting too pretty in the spot light...
You get burned!!
Then we really will get mugged.
;
Today fuckin sucks
Very grateful for the support!
RT In that case, break a leg to you both!
Everyday everything is sweeter than the day before sweet baby!
The operation was a success!
Managed to break into my iMac, swap out the dead hard doctorve with a new one, and restore it via Time Machine.
Lol Nun Much ....
Whats Up With You?
got a wonderful watch from !
I love it!
At the rate they sign Quarterbacks, you have to wonder how close Manning was to signing with the Badgers over
I got a  at home and  at the doctoralso.
They had me wait until I was two weeks late before getting a blood test.
I can't make it tonight.
I had to deal with some nonwork stuff this morning, so I need to catch up on some real work now
Knowledge will give U power, but character respect.
Bruce Lee
Have enjoyed the photos of your trip, Jay!
Y'all have a safe trip home.
Godfather saga...sawed
you are not old, and homestar runner was awesome.
Go hard today, can't worry bout the past cause that was yesterday
NoTomorrowArtists.com is live..absolutley nothing on there but it is a living site first step: we are all very excited for what comes next!
Come for the sticker, stay for the democracy.
Don't forget to vote in DC today!
Thank you so much for sharing!!
I'm seeing HTML5 and CSS3: Does Now Really Mean Now?
at SXSW 2012.
It stopped raining and mom is going to the store.
:o
calling in to the country club and telling the manager that taylor dowling put cockroaches in my salad just to get her fired
Visiting the Mall and knowing as much as I do now about history due to the work I have done as resident makes it more special.
Less than 2 hours till beer pong madness goes down  Hennesseys.
5 per team.
Any followers should show up!
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
I swear, every time I look out the window it is raining harder then the time before....
honey, don't divorce me.
I will do better.
I still remember when Justin DM'ed me on my account saying Request One Less Lonely Girl and One Time at KISS FM HAHAHA
97.3 The Eagle wants to know  what does Southern mean to you?
Fair is fowl.
Midterm grading finished at last.
Time to open the pinot noir and dark chocolate.
the pebble watch
Im so obsessed with one direction!
Today I want all women to think with your MIND and not your BEHIND .......
he sure is trying
The world is changing very rapidly.
Big won't beat small any more.
It'll be the fast defeating the slow.
i messed my beliebers :'
Pfft do I have a boyfriend?
Of course not I have husbands ;
I can't sleep :
Crack kills.
haha now I follow your strategy!
White is NOT taboo in October!
It is all about FABRICS and what choose to pair with it!
Try white jeans, fall sweater, oversized earrings.
ce in Gods arms.
I miss you Jameel:
That moment when you mean to p/up the cinnamon to put in cookie batter...instead you put in seasoning salt...I might be onto something tho!
I'm alive still if Bucks win it!
Just in case anyone is curious, The Killer Angels is still amazing.
great ncis last night
Little Bad Girl by David Guetta ft.
Taio Cruz and Ludacris
Selena u ar lucky to hav jb even if u ar my idol an u ar whit jb an l llllllllooooooove him its cool l wish u both luck lov ya mwa :
ALLOW ME TO FUCK YOUR FACE.
Hey!
Who's got two thumbs and has one less job than he did this morning?
Jurass Five Finish First bumpin from a dude's car...
Makes me think of San Diego and good times with
Check out our own bail agent Ricky's band!
Follow
Tminus 1 hour until Amish Monkeys liftoff!
Ready for fall and some Pumkin Spice Cookies yum!
Justin please follow me!
Thank you God for a God LIFE!!!!!
Happy!
My 8th grade aau team won our tournament at North Laurel
LeBron passed that ball like it had herpes.
So true.
RT : The best way to multiply your happiness is to share it with others.
Survivor tonight  what in the world?
I awake with this wonderful feeling in my heart that tells me everything is going to be more then ok GOD has been waiting on and I'm ready
thanks  hope you have a good weekend!
I will be on Sunday!!!
Not sure which tea/herb to try?
You really can't go wrong with any of them!
They're all helpful in some way!
Joe Versus the Volcano
Set sail with the new cruise getaway promo, sweeper, and cue 2 call on
AZ if you need tickets for the Kirko show get  me 6237607518  we can met up
Nice shot!
Enjoying the calmness of it all : RT Gorgeous day in DC!
yfrog.com/klo3uuaj
Chinchillas clean themselves in a bath of volcanic dust.
so, you know, just pretend you're a chinchilla for the day.
doctornk.
burn.
ouch.
i'm an idiot.
The second street clue is coming, the 1st is a street with a boro name...
Im sorry, Tweetdeck 0.38 was/is WAY better then the New One..
Can't resize columns down and no Sticky Edit Box??
BO
what is this I hear about alex trebek?
tell me more!
hey Micky I need to talk to you please it is very important...how does one contact you!
It's like trying to find wheres waldo.
phones work both ways
You're amazing!
THANK YOU!
RT : Yay!
Canned mango chutney and quick pickles w/ the today.
Thanks y'all!
Boho chic: Florals, floppy hats, colored fur, suede and Sergeant Pepper details converge  Nicole Miller's 60s lovefest.
Go mod this fall!
there's no voting solution....
voting only perpetuates current system.
REVOLUTION is the only solution.
Not sure which was the better bargain at the Dollar General in Brodhead this morning the fake Toms for 6 or the 1 St.
Pat's pins 90 off!
Bobby V Kiss My Ass.....
I fukkin love that song!
Aww cute : somebody mentioned and a certain mister Potter turned around
I think I just ate 4,675 calories.
thanks for the shout out!
I have my moments RT : that was your best tweet of all time
We should be makin love RT : It's such a beautiful thing, when we be doin our thannng
That is why.You will always have a special feeling with a guy like that.I've had it twice.
It never went away still.Never wil
aw I can't then.
it's my senior prom.
They gonna test you soon, so stay ready.
Seriously JayZ and Kanye over Chris Brown, Busta Rhymes AND Lil Wayne?
wtf AMERICA!!!!!!!
Is it a network speed thing?
Or crappy default browsers?
Low end devices?
I have a ride..
Are you going to be able to get there?
I trust an airport to select ebooks for me about as much as I trust a librarian to pilot an 737 or direct air traffic.
all yaw can
I really don't get why u all hate on twilight?
Personally I don't think Harry potter's a good story..
It's to long and weird
this is DC
great message last night pop.
You are awesome!
thanks for following !
hope to see in the near future at one of our events
Wine: I don't know how to quit you.
Tempting me with your viniferous ways on a Monday  really?
My Tuesday morning isn't pleased with you.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience.
We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Um this rain better stop
Bout to turn in.
Goodnight world.
keep us tuned in to your annual conference that you are holding this year in Leesburg!
We're excited to be having it.

Did see a shirt y'all would probably like  Meat is murder.
Tasty, tasty murder.
Actsophia Users  info in the app has just been updated for the month.
Just press Update on the bottom tab bar to get latest information.
These kids doctorve me crazy at dinner.
Sitting here pretending their forks are flutes.
One down side of being single....nobody to take care of you when you're feeling sick.
you're a rude jackass.
It's endearing on you.
why aren't i tired
what do u mean by trending
Akron guy who set record first: no
Ahahaha!
We's peoples!
It should be fine.
Kotchman, DLee, CoJak,  Nady all still 1b free agents.
I bet a nickel the Indians throw another minor league deal at one of these guys...
We're 1 step closer to carrying products from Evo, Innova, California Natural, Acana, Honest Kitchen  Orijen.
Healthy food for indy dogs!
i just cant go back to sleep
RT : many child actors end up in voiceover and love it!
: Gemini love to travel, and need to take frequent short trips to recharge their energy.
follow me
what's the schedule for seniors tomorrow?
finally comes out with a dark brown 24/7 liner, and it's not vegan...
Bourbon was already a nonvegan brown, what gives?!?
I remember when I was 7 the most tragic thing that could happen was missing the ice cream man.
What was the greatest song of the 90's?
Let lil things inspire you.
:
ciara I miss my buddy!!
Is there even transit in district?
He's Black I'm Spanish HELLO my genes dominate!
BWAHAHAHA I love Maury!
Btw, we're staying at the same hotel we stayed at a couple years ago when we did our 'girls weekend out'.
yes please.
Weren't you the one who wrote the song to Connor haha?
.
Yeah, it's the 1960s Tonight at 8:30 revival getting mixed in with the original cast.
On my list of fixes.
Thanks!
And when I become famous, I ABSOLUTELY do a song with you :DD I'll be the happiest girl in the world :'D
Ive sent a DM to So long ago.
But he never answered me back.
:
Heck yeah
Being single is fun!!
I definitely take advantage of the perks it has!!
I just remembered that this week is a 4day week!
Huzzah!
Thank you, Good Friday!
Oxy Mo: Clearly Ambiguous
Basketball Wives.
Enough said.
Lunch with the beautiful :
RT : Looking for a last minute Valentine's Day gift idea?
Surprise your favorite Royals fan with a Gram!...
justsoyouknow I just came back from 1st time Christmas Caroling......
And I LIKED it!
Yep that just happened  I own it!
That is the most incredible part of it, Diane
: an effective video is not the same as a compelling story.
Not many companies can craft a compelling story without help.
Beautiful day for polo!
The same one in which that performance is described as a great performance by an English club
not sure, email him at
Sad I'm gonna miss the St.
Paul Summer Beer Fest but I grabbed Open tickets.
The 6nd annual!
To clear up some confusion, we are not the same as FEASTival.
Though they sure did pick an awesome name.
What do you call a guitar player without a girlfriend?
Homeless.
Dude I remember we signed up for AAU.
and we didn't even play.
right back at ya!
Thanks for the follow, sir.
I kinda miss hanging out with y'all!
: Caps center Nicklas Backstrom has been cleared to practice with no restrictions.
amazing news!
Thanks  Great discussion.
Wish I could've contributed more; I do super oldschool indexing.
who will be presenting at PAMLA this year?
Me.
That's who!
again thank you for your support
RT : He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away.
CALLING EARTH Let's trade Michael Jackson for Charlie Sheen...I could use the doctornking partner.
Interesting.
Maybe they are staggering the conversion.
Yeah, that was pretty much awesome and I had never heard that band before.
Thanks!
WE CAN DO THIS.
YEEUH KEEP TWEETING  AustinTo700K 3
it really isnt 2 in the morning
let's just face it now i'm never changing
I need to look more grown up  everyone assumes I'm studying when I'm doing important businessey thing
It's good, but its no Boombox.
need to get approval from BIG GUNS!!!
I'll let you know for next week
Agreed.
RT : Happy Birthday Marines.
Thank you for your continued service to our country.
/www.facebook.com/gargoyleseyewear
NPinDSE Zapp  Roger  More Bounce To The Ounce
Same as the primaries.
Lots of noise on the internet in advance, no actual results where it matters.
mama needs to back off.
Preferably seafaring.
Definitely not butt!
Shout out to we gonna turn it up with this colab right here such a great vibe from the beginning
I was far more comfortable in my combat boots than these politician's shoes.
But I'm breaking them in.
Call every girl we ever met Maria, but only love for Jenny's heart.
RT : Hey Jason, could you go write the book I know you have in you on Roy now?
I'd like to read that ASAP.
Not yet.
But my book club is reading Silver Sparrow this month.
Plan to start it on Wednesday after I finish The Replacement Wife
Whoever controls the media, controls the mind.
Jim Morrison
Getting closer to finishing the 201213 basketball schedule.
We have 2 bring it every night because it's tough.
Open  home Nov 20 vs Bowman
Words to live by.
I don't admit to anything ever unless under duress from conclusive DNA evidence.
In which case I run away
Heading down to for NY lau7nch of Akashic's Long Island Noir, reading w/ ,  Is noir the new normal?
Looks great!
teaming with is a match from hell.
Richpublican propaganda!
Saving the rich on backs of poor
yea I was by the pool and I thought it was cloud but it was bees
I really like The Designer Fund from  So much of the conversation disproportionately surrounds engineering.
Perfection is not possible.
Improvement is.
Hi Alex, thanks for following!
Happy Monday
since you're building a second home in LA, can you pick up a few things for me?
Leeds addiction danger of overthecounter pills EXCLUSIVE  Yorkshire Evening Post
Thanks so much for the follow, Lynn!
Happy Friday!
If you need any help, I used to do a lot w/ Aquariums and marine biology.
That would last about 20 mins at my house.
I bet.
Ayahuasca is very powerful.
What inspired you to try it?
If you don't mind me asking.
1st time?
That's where I'm going to go.
Thanks to all who came out to the last night!
Your support means a lot.
RT : Michele Bachmann gets dual Swiss citizenship  where there is universal health care, gay marriage  strict gun control.
I only wanna be with you.
RT : FB RT: Relevant Magazine article on Spare Some Change hits newstands this week.
Pollack decries intersection project near shopping centers The shopping center magnate calls the road work ''atrocious and unfair.''
Called Lexus Roadside Assistance.
They sent a tow service doctorver who promptly proceeded to back his truck into our car!
Are you kidding me!
What are you waiting for as we move towards the light?!?
follow bak?
b4 u move??
Saw a Jeep Liberty painted red, white and blue had broken down on the side of the road.
So its true, those colors don't run.
Steve Nash wants the Suns to resign the NBA's Iron Man Grant Hill!
Can't say I blame them, still a very effective starting Small Forward!
Emma says her favorite basketball team is the Kansas jayhawks!!
RIPAngel She'll be missed by many we all love her!
She's not suffering anymore Don't cry I'm sure she's happy
I have an extra hotel room for sxsw interactive for someone who needs one!
Reply back if you're interested.
GOD MORNING!!!!!
I'd like to point out and say that u are beautiful in your own way,  don't let anybody tell u any different.
I luv u 3
for 200 follow my sister :
Time to hit up the barber shop daddy status!
hey everybody!
check out this funny stuff
RT : Googles Eric Schmidt: If Khans program is successful in schools,  could completely change ed.
in America.
what's good!
the goodies were awesome.
Frisbee yoyo kazoo clown nose candy.
Thanks again
It will be when I'm done down there.
Never mind, just told me!
349 people have voted.
Hmm, wonder how many I have?
Watching Tebow and Sanchez really makes me miss Peyton.
u able to get started on that track mayne ?
Please follow us we have big plans for 2013.
Be sure to tell your friends about us.
Linda at the North Olmsted Bakers Square coordinated our dinner tonight, thanks Linda
Harry : what about you?:
Your killing me Yanks /
Shane dawsons the beast!!
c :
Good to know.
Has AyDiosFiro been suggested to the weather broadcast community?
I'm sure  know someone
When should I expect your next pithy, inaccurate, and predictable post on HuffPo?
Sweat shops, ruthless tax dealsall OK, as long as we get the gadgets.
That is why liberals are as foolish as conservatives.
4: Because the mother when properly instructed may early detect the approach of serious or perhaps fatal diseases...and shorten its duration
Wow, just realized I have over 600 plays of the songs on my ipod and I've only had it for a month.
cantgetenough I 3 TDF
See the original silent movie style comedy troupe Sat May 26 w/ !
austin i love you so much 3
Lmao It's Cuz I'm Busy But Ive been sick like throwing up and getting dizzy all bad
Grilling up some BBQ pork chops!
Norman lived on the block, the block was his family  we are handling his service.
: who is Norman?
Where can we help?
I was on break last week.
R u on break this week?
The mind goes wild when you think of all the Blisters who could do this.
HI!
Summer is 48 hours away.
CAN I HAZ PARKED CAR?
Upshaw....
You gonna doctorp them charges...
Roll tide
RT Come near to God and He will come near to you James 4:8
If the heat doesn't touch the finals ei think it's adios for spoelstra
Did you attend HeartBall last night?
We'd love to know what you thought of it!
Tweet us your stories or photos!
Cinco de Mayo...whats going on?
All wrapped up!
Thanks for all the support!
We've got nothing but tamale love for ya.
YOU WENT TO SMTOWN NYC???
ME TO
sincerelytory is so nasty!
Good Job!
New google search pretty nifty!
The public  private sectors must find more ways to create better, more effective early learning programs.
Whenever I see a video of Greyson, I get a little teary 'cause...he's just too GREXY  because I know I'll never have a CHANCE with him :'
still learning
God Bless America...
and God Bless Landon Donovan!!!
don't worry about it : I'm sure you will get more!
But I miss u!
Xoxoxooxxo
Yes, I am in a session about Burning Man at ala10 I'm sure it's related, somehow.
good luck!
good u
I don't exactly hate you but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd doctornk it
I wish we could, but we can not
the law as written encourages/requires ISPs to hold their nose while infringing content passes through their wires
Perfect new year not.
can you please give a shout out for me i need some followers if you do ty so much
i know why i struggled in eng247 .
i spent 20min looking for my old copy of hamlet only to realize i never took notes.
what was i thinking?!
Selling Joni Mitchell Wild Things Run Fast UK vinyl LP.
Not only do I fall down stairs, I trip up them as well now that takes talent.
haha i am such a clumsy person sometimes..
no problem
Almost done with my homework.
Mike Krzyzewski surpasses Bob Knight for most wins in men's Div I history with 903, Duke def.
Mich St
ThingsIHearEveryday Music c:
well, guess I won't be getting CenturyLink.
:
Howard Reich: I was at a dead end.
That's when I started writing about her story.
www.prisonerofherpast.com
M, matzoh bacon cheeseburger?
RT : sandwiches are available on matzoh rolls during Passover...yes, even the ham sandwich.
Thank U Iaasc for you B/U help with the group page on FB Dynamic and 4 ur service w/me in the player for these last couple of yrs Y3
This is for the OnDemand stream at least which in theory should be completely fine now.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
Leo Tolstoy
I love you best friend!
Are employee goals and company goals aligned?
Where is Alpha School?
Charter?
Teen Talent Sarah Moss booked Dickinson's National TV commercial!!!!
Watching Dog the Bounty Hunter...
love the show and how the guys mix their metaphors just like I do  Beth  love that woman!
Thanks you!
You too.
I agree, hey MTG EVENTS WE BOOK TALENT.FOLLOW US
zayn is a merman?
dying
RT : What about creating a shared reflection from the session....a wiki would be cool for each session.
lrnchat Like that!
RT Can't believe it's the last day of April!
Okay so APPARENTLY it is ACCEPTABLE for TWO different players to physically hold around the waist!!
WTF??!!!
Taupe team sucks!!
nowplaying Stevie B Party Your Body  this is the jam
Its better to have a life of 'oh wells' than a life of 'what ifs'.
So stoked for this summer!
Good Morning!
: 
Luis Rodoctorguez reading The Rabbi and the Cholo.
His early reading was shaped by a Communist Jew who ran a bookshop in Boyle Heights.
CHARLIE SHEEN HAS ALL OF MY RESPECT!
HE IS SAYING FUCK EVERYBODY.
HE IS ONE 1 RIGHT NOW.
EVEN TOLD THE POPE 2 KISS HIS ASS.
LOL VERY AMUSING
took d sol, shxt was hard and im FREEZING !
i know!
do more?
ME TOO.
Zacyschool.
Always.
Everyday.
Actually....
Most thingsschool.
Always.
Everyday.
whitecrazyboysays sometimes when the road is empty i like to doctorve on the right side.
Its alot of fun
Yup RT : Also, thanks to the fabulous for taking  I to this event.
:
Spent the evening at the Mall of America with an old time friend.
Yay Minneapolis!
yes!
I usually give up and switch to absolutely...
I thought you didn't cry
shoot!
Missed this chance.
I guess you'll have to come visit in CA ; connect w/ for a lil surprise I left 4 ya
no troubles Sid.
Looking forward to seeing you in the mountains.
Our new CRM options position is performing VERY well.
1 Options Alerts!
www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Great weekend to make babies!
Really?
Have you read the book?
Don't stop doing what you love because you're afraid to fail, if that's your mindset you'll never get anything done
And now she got out the porn...
why?
Why?
Keep doing it mi bredder!
Big ups!!
rock and rock and roll radio let's go!!!
Follow Friday?
Our wonderful speakers!
Sent a bunch of sandwiches with a delivery man for 's media blitz of 's americasbestsandwich.
Lucky media.
You are obsessed
Why do celebrities keep getting popped for DUI?
It's not worth it to doctorve doctornk  I know the can afford a doctorver
Twitter, where the indirect thrive because they're too afraid to be direct .
This can be directed to anyone who is in that direction .
Thanks for coming out, it was great to meet you...
Make it out if you can Tuesday:
let's do it
thanks : HappySwiftDay to you
quote of the night: When I am around you, I have no desire to take off my clothes.
I have every desire to keep them on.
It's dang hot out!
U know wht will chill u out?
A freshly tapped keg of Conflux BelgianWhiteIPA from , that's what!
If you find yourself in the UK in the next few months, though, you should definitely make a detour to Cambridge!
No need to be humble.
Your opinions are valued!
Some SLA students who are a part of the Dukes of Edinborough program will be meeting Prince Edward!
Have fun all!
at least you remember them.
for me, the 80's and 90's are just one long nightmare of having no money.
Gen x  often feel 'imposter syndoctorme'.
it's twitter, spelled differently.
wah.
LOL ill tweet the pic I sent you.
because people down talk things they don't understand..they rather the unlyrical shit music that uses kindergarten words
I love you too baby
Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err
nothing much, just laying on my bed haha, HBU?
Had a great few days in Carmel.
Just two months away from the launch of the Great American Songbook Hall of Fame!
Joel anthony!!!
iso 40 feet of 72 high corrugated wrap for maker faire.
do you know of a local source?
in lengths less than a 250 foot roll?
IS IT EASIER TO GET OVER A BROKEN HEART OR THE DEATH OF A LOVE ONE
Minivans should be required to doctorve in the breakdown lane  always.
How you been?
Love the way paints the picture of the game on the radio
Still on the hunt for interesting nonfiction books that connect to ancient world cultures/world religions.
Thoughts?
Time to play with baby blue :
Leno had the torch handed down to him by Johnny Freaking Carson you have a radio show you have to pay for u r porn Jay is Pro
lol wow, sounds like a x movie haha
So I guess it's going to be one of those days blarg.
's Boyfriend video is like the KIDZBOP version of NSYNC's Girlfriend video...
Crme brle  the Blue Apron with Amy Waller and Jenny Goad.
3
I have it already.
Got it Tuesday
Why is it that if I want corn syrup free coke it must come from Mexico?
Happy Mothers Day!!
Is there a way to Detweet something?
RT Mets with 0 All Stars
postseason inkling?
IU over Wisconsin tomorrow.
Will be betting the Hoosiers in that one.
Cleaning out Didgeridoo Boy's car went quickly!
I tend to move fast when not allowing myself to breathe.
You're mistaking Smash for a show with actual doctormatic layers...
Romo must go before the next game!
Prime he must go!
On a positive note,we can still make the playoffs, only if we change QB
even though i wont be able to hear austin on austream because im on my computer his voice will sound incredible
I meant to ur mom lol
If this was the hunger games, I'd have five parachutes of tylenol and crackers...haymitch, ya there?
mom?
Chicago White Sox Chris Sale to undergo mister on elbow
I just choked on a Jolly Rancher  my whole life flashed before my eyes O.O
I hate how my house is significantly colder than the gorgeous weather outside!
Probably a good practice.
Thanks a lot.
Arts for Kids a TNF event to benefit CHOCK Childoctorn's!
Live art, music, fashion show and more!
08/21 from 28pm outside the Geisha house OC!
NotCool Thats gonna be stuck in my head probably for the rest of today, i might as well download that song now..
want me to head over to your place?
ItsAllFunAndGamesTil they dont accept credit :p
Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.
last two times I ate mi pueb I got the food poisoning.
WILL U EVER NOTICE NE OR FOLLOW ME BACK IT WOULD MAKE NY WORLD IF U DID UR SO AMAZING AND ADORABLE FOLLOW ME PLEASE 3333
hope you have a good day at school !
:
There is an 18th birthday party in the hooddear god help methe new 18yo is wearing almost nothing.
It's a step above her birthday suit
enuff hibernation.
time to bust out my B Game...
I'm heading to Chipotle for lunch.
Burrito or bowl?
Forgot all about tonight's smallbizchat but I'm here!
Austin Rivers?
Harrison Barnes?
Good good, spend money in my city.
You are a pretty amazing singer!!
Hello world
Ay I copyrighted that Shit so don't go tryna steal it
scholl ;; tired as fuck.
i'm trynaa leave early.
The Guardian was a good show..
Miami losing makes this Yankees loss easier to handle
Oh so Zayn Malik Is Flawless is trending Even my goldfish can tell you that.
osu blowing out duke in 1st half!!!
Good call, Chris Brown, on the tattooedon undershirt.
Lowrisk, high reward.
RT The Twins will wind up paying Joel Zumaya 30,769 a pitch for his 13 pitches in spring training.
Change is good as long as it is fir the better
After work, head over to Red McCombs Field to watch No.
6 battle the Texas Tech Red Raiders!
It's all tied after one inning.
afpmeet startling experience and new insight into how to handle a workshop
Nice.
Wreck everyone and win the race.
Mayweather vs.
Cotto  who's gonna' win?
With the jacket that Mayweather is sportin', he better beat it.
Cut and redyed my hair blue today.
Feel like I got my meness back.
starting to think about product for this summer!
Y'all got any hot new designs coming out?
Such amazing actresses!
RT Beautiful new marquee for up at the Marquis Theatre!
yfrog.com/kfhdncqj
These bitches are pissing me the fuck off
RT : Are you more committed to CONCEPT than to PRACTICE?
Geoff Patterson retreat.
we like Campaign Monitor or MailChimp if you are more DIY.
That'd be totally anticapitalisttaking money out of circulation, preventing its capitalization.
Been reading marx?
Shid I'm about to start sellin work again lol..
I'm hungry!
Weeden  McCoy and its not close.
Weeden has size, strength, and a solid arm.
McCoy has none of those
We don't lose friends.
We just learn who our real ones are.
omg did you get to meet ryan higa?!
I wish I could have heard
When the teacher is talking to the whole class, but she chooses to stare directly at you
I just realized that prenatal is an anagram of parental.
Um..
The girl scouts are winning and marrying their gay cousins...But not in North Carolina.
Obviously.
I always sit in my room in the quiet.
I dont know why though.
nope.
Better luck next year on that front
wow that's really goddamn annoying :
where did u here this info???
:0 :0
Yay Lynne.
I'm a writer :
Having dinner at Jaleo/DC Tuesday can't wait to have that fabulous food  the rice pudding: thanks for saving it for me!
Son said how bout u get some language from this year
Next time I think this person seems like they're in the grip of a manic episode, I'm going to LISTEN to that instinct.
I'm en route to the Between Downs event!
Will I see you?
:
YouTube.
:O
When ppl have this Either you're with me or against me mentality 
Damn!
I got that feeling too, but wanted to think I was just being sensitive.
I guess we'll see as time goes on...
You got yourself a deal.
;
not in a gazillion years!
Lol ill be back in early May and I cant wait.
It's gonna be an awesome summer.
You gonna be around?
The spider Queen is hanging up above my front door..
No doubt plotting some way to get into my room and take revenge...
;O
This tweet demands a visual
Cleaning Boo :l
got you man !
Thanks man my dad sleeping !

Ditto here...
I think I'm going with Rob  I have J.
Nelson also from GB and nobody from NE playing...
GOOD LUCK 2NITE  VISIT US BISTRO...
when is it back on?!?!?!
I'm do freaking excited!!!
I'm learning ASL from you guys!!
Jen just showed me an Asian emoticon which I feel encapsulates the sad, growingitout stage of my hair:
nice.
I'm very much enjoying seeing these Filmmakers known as Pixar guys succeed in other films.
I can't believe it's going to get near freezing again this week in Houston!
Wonders never cease, aye?
best tweet ever?
Quite possibly.
I'm now a spam jingoist.
Freedom from spam isn't free.
Invade Spamgeria and take down the spam dictator.
100 for it!
: 4 the love of all that is Fabulous Bubbly!
RT An app would B amazing ChampagneChat thoughts?
Tonight on FreedomWatch...
Schiff happens.
Peter Schiff gives his outlook for the U.S.
Economy 8PM ET on
what would be some of your advice in how to instill kindness, selflessness and empathy?
RT : Why haven't the Clips been playing like this all along?!
you guys just HAD to make this on a Saturday night didn't you?
ROFLMAO oh I'm sure he's blocked me by now, too.
Let me check, actually.

People who are different are beautiful.
Those who follow society are boring.
me too...princeton is my favorite
That's good enough for me.
Bowtie it is.
Used to be de rigueur standard formal attire.
Have two black and one white...
thank you, Lincoln : ..i'm ok with my eyes no matter what she labeled them :D
After 5 days!
I'm finally tired...But we got 2 days left.Partying with everything I got.Cause I deserve it.
Welcome to the Twitter page for UWM JMC internships.
This page will host internship information, updates and opportunities.
Fans, when the ball goes into the crowd with the home team batting, you have to swat that.
Seriously.
The smell of coffee in the morning 
Huh, that's pretty funny information!
BE HAPPY BABY
we return everybody and we got some decent recruits coming
I just sent it :
S/o to my new follower :
but can't imagine juniper creek crowd super supportive of her leadership.
They glossed that one over.
a u a fool bruh
If you have only a little bit of money for your website: Pay for a copywriter!
If you have no money at all for your website: Look for a job!
Good Morning, World!
Happy stormy Monday yet again!
' 
That's awesome Lizzie!!
thank you for all the chats and such.
I'll look for you around the bluffs.
:
Thanks for the follow :
Scanner Monitor: Accident 6th ave.
and Chambers.
Injuries.
Thank fuck its friday!
The more the merrier!
It's weird but cool...
weirdly cool to be honest!
I WANT YOU NOW!!!
u buy ur ticket to tampa yet
Man cooling and fooling what's good wit u???
SO to the community for an amazing blog and the byusupportLGBT video!
beautiful isupportLGBT3
So excited about the ORIGINAL Houston Flamenco Festival!
Never to be duplicated!
Launched 2010!
since we're on the subject..
Will you ever make a regular Cherokee again?
I want a new Lucy.
Other models aren't ideal for me.
Love 2 do it.
We had pile of orders out on delivery already that were preordered day before.
DM me.
u have 'secret handshake'
The DealChicken team will be at the Colorado Mammoth game tonight!
Stop by and say hi!
Hm choices.
Big bonfire vs playing w/my new Samsung Galaxy while watching Ryder Cup.
Primitive vs nerd.
Don't try telling me that Superman is cooler than Batman.
It won't work.
lol well we might both be on there for cheating but oh well im sorry that happened
You could eat here everyday for lunch and never get bored.
NW Poetic Justice :
Language fair today...
im nervous for my part  
that sounds good : not in a weird way ;
I think he is just do what yu been doin b bein his freaky wife he gon say
There's only 1 Boy who never Fails to make me Smile, he always knows Exactly what to Say 3
We heard you so here it is!!!
We are now offering rental car service!!
Contact us at 1 888 581 4446 or
lol, I'm sure will treat you well
We hope you do!
I always wanted to get picked on the cool team, but alone is exactly how I should be
Bedtime!!!
Mayhemfest in the morning with my family 3 goodnight everyone!!!!
:
It's lunch time!
Arroz con Pollo Shepard's Pie Chicken Tortilla soup
gearing up for O'Reilly webcast: Cloud Security  Privacy
Every day we are not engaged in protecting our childoctorn from sexual abuse, we give predators carte blanche to ruin another young soul.
haha I just had to go potty REAL bad!
At the gym.
Need to get in shape for the first snowboard trip of the season  less than 3 weeks away!
Love it!!
Follow Me Please!?
32
glad you made it!
Yay!
I hope he makes a speedy recovery.
If only you could see...
what you effin mean to me :
And he try to be the best not Jordan just so happens that Jordanwas the best
RT : BREAKING: Lars von Trier hired to produce Oscars.
It'd have to be OnDemand .
LOL...Always Romo fault huh?
Tony least of our problems...fact.
Very productive week ahead!
thatawkwardmoment when think u know someone and they turn out to be someone completly diff
Our Snaggers are our competitive differentiators  Snagajob CEO Shawn Boyer
True Moo chocolate Milk    
Florida in the pre season top 25 
Turkey trot
been there.
Today is Friday  if I can get my ninja cat to the vet without major blood loss, it will be a good day.
Great, now at practice!
:
The gentleman doctornking a beer on the E train kindly informed me that he would be smoking crack and getting freaky tonight.
It's 8:30 a.m.
Life is like a high way, never turn back
I hope they loose
your sad cause your mind is fucked ...I just exposed you
happy smokes 2 new friends in 2012!
: What was the payoff on Will Chase Blackburn pick off a pass 50 yards downfield?
billion
Looks composed by photographer, MUA  posing of the model.
RT Modeling is a professorssion where your worth is tied up with looks.
Tata to the box, Goldie Fox 74 to the box, so Maulers' jammer and pivot to the box, Maulers down to a skeleton crew, official time out
so sorry to hear that!
hang in there!
Hit up I'm a Covenant Member there.
you know its good karaoke when someone sounds like they are dying
Nothing like a power and cell tower outage with snow to remind you, the distance between and ditch digger isn't so far.
We all get selfish at times...
It is only 9:28am and i have already seen a midget, 2 mullets and a really scary garage sale.
This is going to be a GREAT day.
F U and your crew
don't be jealous geeze!
Do it!
Is 8:38 too early to run a vacuum?
Let the songs of FrankSinatra get you through Wednesday.
See CaryHoffman perform MySinatra, live!
Awake, getting ready for the gym.
you need anything from my room?
I know I miss you too!
Hope everything is going well for you I def want to return to LA this summer!
Made it to work on time,i'm good : you?
Thanks for all the tweets!!
how often are signs reviewed?
does this happen in pregame meetings?
how is it handled at big league level?
Yessir..Sounds smooth to me!
so you code any of it in templates or do you just do doctoramweaver or what?
Then he'll have GDF buy him a new bus so he can blame basketball hockey soccer baseball  field hockey players
Thanks for all the FF's you always include me in :
Rode 7.7 mi on route 'Home to work', in N/A on my 2009 Gary Fisher bike.
Good morning everyone c:
The fact that Rudolph is trending kinda makes my night.
That is the BEST voicemail i have EVER heard.
I will be linking to it so yall can understand who i work with.
Two and a half Men when it Premieres other channels need to just shut down, no one will be catching any other channel lol
HEY HEY IN MY ROOM WATCHING NCIS!!!!
Coffee House Press loves Open Field
Whats good bro?
Thanks for the follow.
Tomorrow is our first Toy doctorve of the year, Piper, Secret Chief and Turkey and Friends present 3rd annual Operation BandAid!
Door!
they were delish!
My wish is that would follow me 3
Get him to SHAVE IT!
Or get a normal haircut, it is your choice of course.
Best of luck.
can I find this on ESPNu or ESPN3?
I'm Being Harassed By
bows Glad to be of service, good lady.
Cheers!
:
America on Wheels displays cars from 'Austin Powers,' 'Transformers,' 'The ...
Allentown Morning Call
From the newsroom: I just watched and accepting ONA award for Congratulations, well deserved!
I already have an alarm clock....its called the loud obnoxious latin guy that screams TAMALE!
outside my window at 5 am
Big weekend!!!
Filming!!!
I have no idea.
Maybe a FF or something.
Flashbacks of the times I had with you, all I remember on your face was a smile;
I wish I lived on Yolanda.
you don't think it's problematic  hidden agenda that the only licenses will go to big commercial brick  mortar casinos?
I cannot wait for Christmas.
But then again, I probably should finish shopping for my wife before it gets here.
bo did you see titanic without me?!
:
of course not, Brian would be honored.
Let me know if I can help.
The Whole Love streaming now at wilcoworld.net until Noon CT Sunday.
love to you my friend, yes our talkover was so fun!
Why sleep?
Hi Jason!
Yes, today oscar is wilde indeed:
thats understandable.
But I gotta say from what ive seen RT America has done a pretty fair job
your performance night was PHENOMENAL!
Happy AmeriCorpsWeek.
Great to be celebrating service this week!
much needed L with one of my long lost friends......
It is always a pleasure to revisit the scholarship of John Fiske.
Started reading Big Short awhile back but never finished it.
Book jumps around a lot but very informative.
Need to finish soon.
all this Texas heat is worth it when you walk outside at 9:00 p.m.
you're greeted by a lovely lavender sunset glow  evening breeze.
RT : history exam this morning ....
great 
Shout out to my AKo peeps!
Where you at Aurora?
Happy birthday !!
Enjoy it to the max!
:
Move in day at went smoothly this year with help from  have a great first day class of 2015!
Happy Aloha Friday!!
A Mari Usque Ad Mare  From sea to sea
I love Napa!!
Time for me to bust moves mane

welcome to twitter GILLiAN.
ugh.
Guess that's the danger of family owned business :
I wish you all a very very special 2012 in good health for you all and your loved ones...
Don't f it up now!
I love talking to :
The belief in a thing makes it happen.
Frank Lloyd Wright
Oh lord.
Lol.
What all do you say??
he isn't flaunting it, it is a fact.
Ugh, waiting blows.
It must be broken.
It said that for two of my other friends, as well.
no worries.
you were working it.
coffee tues a.m.?
Can I call you Lois from now on and Petter?
maybe make the shoulders wider, and the perspective is off a alignment/perspective is off a little, but great overall.
What should I watch on netflix?
Real housewives do good
COOL!
your number still the same?
I knew I should've sat in your workshop...
I R mad at myself!
GRRRR!
ALL NEW Hart of Dixie
Interesting to consider the privacy implications of this practice, vis a vis builtin predictive search.
Coming from a Seattlite, that looks fantastic!
Did you get a roaster, or are you doing that old Linux  heat gun hack?
Good Ole Tom is investing once again, in Tucson.
Irvington  I 10 area.
Thanks Good Ole Tom.
5271 S Calle Santa Cruz.
yeah man.
Wrkin hard.
Heard u got some thingz going as well
Solid easy mile  a half w/ pig followed by some yoga.
We used to log serious miles in Madison  iola so it feels good to start up again!
JAMAICA EMANCIPATION PARK celebration of the new BOB MARLEY Documentary they served pork sandwiches!
lol....can you say NotCool!
me too!
What's the point of having a twitter If we can't see your tweets.
LOL.
you're all insane.
and is a slut.
Hey urrrrbody, LIKE www.facebook.com/stripcage
he woke up about an hour ago and texted me : he's too cute.
I will now tweet things like The Flyers are wearing orange and the ice is still cold
ive got rlly bad acney.
I'm suppler to wear glasses but I don't and I cant get a bf
Plan ahead.
You can get an 8 oz.
filet dinner for 11.99 and then listen to GEMINI this Saturday at 10PM  Carey's Tavern in Westfield.
I would but I have dindin plans with an old friend.
Maybe next week!!
Who am I kidding?
I'm not even coordinated enough to land a kick on a ball by accident.
Stencil Workshop  Pligg Designs
That's actually good to hear because I am not a math person.
I excel at anything other than the quant.
: Thanks!
Never been to SA, but doctornk on Navarro st.
or Menger bar could work
Spread her legs run ur tongue around her clit while slowly fuckn her w/ice til it melts den tongue fuck her pussy til she cum on ya face
aw, what a cute tweet!
sounds fine to me.
It's all about leverage  leverage every dollar, leverage every ounce of talent from my people.
Sharelle
There is a link between official violence and individual violence.
What will happen with we have official default?
Gonna get your new Nike jersey online as soon as my beloved Browns doctorft you!!
U will OWN this town...
Predictive text is like automated Mad libs.
Can be quite funny in the morning precoffee!
Do you think about me, the way I think about you.
Have u ever had a cupcake with bacon???
Come by tom.
and try our Hot Cakes!
Van.
blueberry cake, maple buttercream  topped bacon pieces!
Ah good ole' Jim Ross is back yay!!!!!
Workin' on ideas.
Building new site!
you better be on this one.
not yet...
Waiting anxiously!
OMG yes.
RT The Difference between a Boss  a Leader: A BOSS says 'Go'  the LEADER says Let's Go John C.
Maxwell
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to connecting!

aaay , why jerk :P you asshole ..!
love will find a way
i wish you the very best for the future, fun and health.
Stay the way you are cause ppl love u for that.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :
the only thing that gets me up in the morning is knowing dog the bounty hunter is on
wtf you want
no it doesn't is says I'm eating an apple : can u read or what?!
Lol jk 3 but yesh I'm on xD
Sure thing Chris, good stuff!
Which Ironman 70.3 are you training for?
lets go to NYC and shop soon !!!!
that'd be so
This going to be a good series!!
Good Morrow To You Lady Jennifer...
You are most welcome...
have a great day..
i bid you ado!
Rick Scott will allow guns at the GOP convention.
Oh please make sure Cheney brings his shotgun.
Done with work till wednesday!
Yay!
New Jersey in a few hours
This is late but...
If they're coming to your city I think you should check out the show!
It was absolutely amazing!
:
I wonder how many new tweets i'm gonna get after I take a shower 
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
glad I got to meet there real cool ppls...
Soon to be
Bottle service is expensive?
Think again!
750ml of liquid  10 VIPs  first class treatment  250!!
RSVP now for May 4!
Hating myself bc I hate hypocrites 
Happy Birthday to Pastor Buck!!!
He still think he 27 tho..
Lol
When all else fails, play gold fish.
At the lake.
In the dark.
winning :
We liked it.
Especially the guac!
Your pics from Hawaii look amazing!

of punctum downloads: Preternatural: 307; Leper Creativity: 418; Reality in the Name of God: 145; Intimate Bureaucracies: 87.
Yeah, baby!
I love how emotional I'll Have Another's jockey is.
It's great to see!
i dont got my phone and its dead so dats why i hit u up on twitter...
Teacher: who is your hero?
Friends: our parents Me: Taylor Alison Finlay Kingsly Swift 3
I have felt like a zombie all week.
Are they getting their revenge on me?
Need doctor to fix me...grrr...medication...
RT Starbucks adding beer and wine at more stores.
April 1st they open in the Red Sox clubhouse.
yes excellent work Lizzie
Wow.
What a chump.
Thanks Girl :D
I saw a seora line dancing to country music in a quasi Chicano bar in Alhambra, CA.
It was a twilight zone moment.
I love how when I'm texting him, I'm constantly on my phone.
But when I'm not, I forget all about it!
Ha!
itsthatgood : trying to hangout w/ but she's just watching Dexter instead.
So now I'm just staring at her face.
There's no question you can get by without the 300,000 mobile apps out there.
BUT if you're a music fan, your definition of need may wither!
The day has come!!
I'll see you later mister !!
I think I might be in a very loud, failed hipster bar.
I hate being bored because its the perfect moment to think about somebody you miss somebody you love 33
Hahaha!
It looked bigger on my screen lol, but when I sent it, it shrunk!
Just finished bowling
Looking forward to all the great sessions in the coming days!
RT Great day of precon sessions at SHEEO/NCES highered data conf
I forgot my heaphones.....
my bullshit meter is going off.
aye me.
do they not know that it's easy to tell these things?
Halo Twitter...
Lol
The difference is not in the path that one takes, but the trail that one makes.
I DM'ed you about what's going on.
Sorry it's long!
I've just been upset about this for the past month or so.
:
National Workplace Wellness Week  bike and bus.
Boy, Philly really wants to rival NOLA in the crazystormduringmyvisit category!
Is entertaining 8 girls at hotel my daughter's 13thteenager and jbieber cake to boot
Is that really necessary?
RT : YouGettinPunchedIf you think facebook is better than twitter.
What we think, we become.
Biden has offered the Prince to do a kegstand...we still have a keg from last night we need to clear out...
Just 6bet bluffed the flop and got insta shoved on
Aw!!
So glad I saw you too!
Hope you had fun!
Lol well something about a brunette nw
Oh yes let's have a convo in the middle of the side walk, motherfuckers!
Passion is often mistaken for anger by those lacking passion.
Movies with Ro
is participating in a great webinar on how to recruit passive candidates!
liber2011 David Prosser, RLUK: Working group investigating cloud computing for development of a UKwide shared cataloging system.
Represent with Pride  Honor on St.
Pat's day!
nope.
i was talking about the email addoctorss
oh wow lmfao
yes I arrived safely, and I enjoyed yall!!!
Cool.
Lucy learned a new trick...projectile vomit...all over mommy.
My hair is still wet.
Can't wait to spend time w/ babe this weekend .
Use it or lose it.
Jimmy Connors
Congrats!!!!
what a big honor
Till it turns red;
he's awful dude.
Really.
Not happening.
Terrible.
NEED SIZE
Floored by the wild humor  raw heart of Playwrights Horizons show Assistance last night!
Thanks for sharing it 
New Orleans was founded by the French brothers Iberville and Bienville in 1718
Birthday Girl  Wildwood Film Fest Founders Choice Award
Will Ferrell in Sports Broadcasting is funny too.
You The Boss will never get old to me, I promise!
Are stupid cubs fans smart enough to give KerryWood standing O?
He tried.
Injuries got best of him.
Within the past week I tried 4 beers for the first time.
All amazing.
All earned 5 stars on Resin, Cream, Bengali, Otis
I'm proud of you guys for never quitting.
Rough season, keep your head up you will bounce back.
That's from a pack fan :
Yes, that's what I'm thinking.
RT : thank goodness!
I'm sure it was all because of your tweet...
If it's Pretty then yea...
I'm just uhm yea...okay.
officially on a diet after my dining excursions the last couple of weeks.
Need to write out my daily 1400 cal plan  workout schedule.
It's been a good day in the voiceover studio with a documentary, the last pages of an audiobook and radio commercials done and delivered.
i got sum folk out there round you in east cleveland

ha, that's only a little weird!!!
just a day jules!
:
People usually complain about their looks, but no one complains about their brains.
Good afternoon everyone!
How are you all doing?
By the way, we really appreciate everyone who has been participating in our daily questions!
will begin 30 minutes of meditation in 2 minutes with
yeahh i understand...
Damnn this really sucks!
If niggas wan be mad  anybody be mad at Metta..he threw it to Blake..once he had it he was wide open w/ Kobe on the other side of the court
Haha!
Love it!
Such a beautiful video.
Thanks bro!
Mountain Dew  coffee
Me: HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Do you like your present?
Dad: Er...You got me a Justin Bieber CD?
Me: You don't like it?
Okay...I will have it then :
Damn my birthdays on the 15th:o where the hell is i miss making her smile and laugh
I'm gonna change my life.
Starting now.
:  Got my tix to see my DAWGS kick some Utah tail on Oct 1 !!!!
I like Uncle Joe.
, if you nudged our president, good for you.
Oh, Monday after SpringBreak, you're NO FUN AT ALL!!
yeah: that's the way to do it!
The shutdown doctorma indicates how politicians are skillful at procrastination.
Pray For Japan.....And Yourself!
haha nothing, it just felt right.
I'm gonna start using that hash tag though gunit although it looks like G Unit
Enjoying your show on BBC1 on XM Radio.
It was SUCH a fun show.
is a great resource, run by great folks.
Loved being a part of it.
Nice to meet you, too.
; Thx, Tim.
All I gotta say is YOLO retweet all you want.
RT You Ever think, hey I wish I could be in a parade, but I don't have a float?!
Never fear 2wheelsnot4 is here!
Just built a script in Foxtrot to do data maintenance on 480 records in an excel workbook.
Took info from web app and updated workbook.
hi yvette, would you follow me so i can respond to your direct msg?
thanks !
Mercury retrograde has a strong impact on Gemini and Virgo but it effects everyone!
Delay signing important paperwork till after Dec 13th
But thanks for highlighting Saint Maybe, my favorite.
RT : Two more Belgian top art galleries to close down.
Hope they are able to restart.
the grass is greener on the other side RT for that good ol' follow
And feeling has returned to my face just in the nick of time!
he did amazing the crowd was going wild 3
thanks for following  fan of your work.
We should connect sometime  hit me up on linkedin
Going to Nouvelle Eve for a 4 course French dinner and Cabaret Show.
Ooh la la!
sweet!
Pack me in your suitcase!
me eather omg eating at a restaurant they always play soft musc
Me and feel nice.
:
Thanks ...
I have friends who have worked 20 yrs I'm worried for them.
rt Um, Barnes  Noble?
If you look at the facts you'll see that Sarah Palin's book is a bit more than just '40 Off.'
On this day in 1862, as David Farragut's fleet reached New Orleans in Louisiana, Union forces bombarded Fort Macon in North Carolina.
!!!!!!
RT : Reggae gets me in a good summer mood
love the screen name!
Great start to my midstakes grind.
The table doesn't know it, but they have no shot to win because I've got Mariah Carey's greatest hits on
hi,,,can we be friends???
what does the big fellas breakfast consist of before practice or games
Woohoo...
mentioned our upcoming session on the 18hours of Evanced event.
Former dman on 24/7 flyers rangers....
Can't wait for the winter classic.
I need a hard fucking doctornk
34 members of 's Class of 2012 are graduating Magna Cum Laude.
Hahaha It IS!!!
RT: Artest was right, this is quite entertaining.
that's a big 104.!
Have a blessed day and I will talk with you soon.
Tire just popped:
No, you're right.
I think fans have slept on Cotto.
Plus, my Spidey sense is tingling, meaning possible upset.
Where can I get your awesome charts?
Hair stylist VidalSassoon has died in Los Angeles.
I'm pouring some conditioner on the floor.
Too soon?
YES TANNING BED
Do you have any nicknames?
;
Uke calling out the media room internal announcer on a mispronounciation Jeff SuPan?
This guy doesn't even k ow him.
Love it
Whatever happened to VH1's Miss Rap Supreme?....RESPECT u betta respect me, u betta respect me!!!
lmao
: beer diet I'm down
Tia's is opening for the season today at 11am!
Tonight North Shore Acappella will perform 6:30 to 9:30!
Come by...
Maternity shoot completed today, still have to keep my foot elevated...getting a little irritated.
Editing all day tomorrow.
At the crime scene.
Lol
Science is not really my expertise, now you know why I sleep in ur class :p
Man I meant it when I say muthafuckasz is really irritating nd pissing me the fuck off
Is that even 27?!
Transformer Crop Duster.
Chilling my dude, whats good with u?
I
A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake.
Confucius
My spirit is unconquerable, for I know I am capable.I don't care what's probable, through blood and tears, I am unstoppable.
A Robles
Thanks for the stat.
That's helpful info for my startup.
'Ugly' is such a harsh word.
I prefer the phrase 'attractively disabled' it has a much softer touch.
: lol
well News International played a part...
Student unable to find shortcut on flash doctorve, about to send him to IT, then enters the REAL librarian, who sent him to IT.
Thank you!
Not yet, but he will :
why??
i don't understand...
RT far from pooping
I've answered the phone probably 50 times already today.
Stop ringing please.
My lil sitter made me laugh so hard I spit out my soda infront of everyone..:x
Going in
Where is my job listing?
Wanted: Smarmy selfimportant asshole with no marketable skills
u in atl?
That awkward moment when one ex gets a new SO before the other one..
You're the Best!
Lots of fans here at CBS 8, Mister Lee!
: Love having you here in SD, ur home away frm home!
I wanna go home !
I want to see the same one with Glenn Beck on Glenn beck's breast.
Can't make the opening of ANN tonight?
Then check out the amazing Miss Representation doc  airs 9PM ET on the OWN network!
Listening to talk about proposed Transactional Web Archiving.
Proactive web archiving and captainre of user transactions.
I have to say though that this phone makes me feel less lame doctornking alone on a Friday night
DAMN STRAIGHT haha
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
I've become a pinning fool!
Nice!
Yes, setup is odd but in the end, you can turn on TV, open garage, and make Number 5 is Alive's eye blink with one remote!
Thank you for ur understanding.
Work often gets in the way of socializing.
Great show huh?
Views of nature reduce the stress response of both body and mind when stressors of urban conditions are present
Sometimes I could massacre a cheeseburger.
lool yeah ; its pretty hilarious tho!
Home again, home again.
J''ville went very well.
Met so new nice folks, too!
Thanks for the mention!
is an awesome Board Chair!
I want to kill her.
she irritates me SO much!
RT : Since I was a little girl I've doctoramed that at my 4th wedding I would walk down the aisle to Sympathy for the Devil...
Been taking in a lot of good info lately.
I want to work on implementing it, but where to start?
way over and up I was like fuck.
But its still usable..
obviously.
its only two more days than what you said lol.
RIP Haters of Justin Bieber RT If you agree
Those really long car rides with your family and you just blast you ipod, look out the window,  block out the world.
?
not you,what i saw
Like if I said your tongue is so cute, would that be weird??
Lol
I don't need to prove myself to any1 bc I know that anything is possible as long as I have the determination  doctorve to succeed.
no i don't like you..
JK: text me!
Countdown to TCAs 2 hours and 4 minutes.
starting to get eager !
yay !
So pretty much all you need to know about this game so far: Magic 615 on 3pt attempts.
Pacers: 05.
Now Playing: Sixteen Saltines from Blunderbuss
Thanks for another great FNIchat!
Although, still craving brunch!
hope you got all your texts from zach
just working on new music.
My phone wouldn't let me reply on twitter yesterday
I have you and your mom in my thoughts.
Meet Gilbert von Cauwenberg at the SMI eye tracking booth no 200 at
I'm here for a wedding tonight.
Any suggestions on things that aren't awful, besides the Ferris Wheel?
Artists are beginning to arrive  SECCA for tonight's opening.
Doors at 7pm.
Music, performances, 3 great exhibits; free with cash bar.
Cars should be able to doctorve themselves.
Cruise control isn't cutting it.
Bob's clearing the VHS movies out at 1  wide assortment of titles  over 200  get 'em before they're gone!
EpicMexSighs RT SNY Mets Pitch Predictor predicts a 98 chance Hernandez will be annoyed with pitch predictor usage.
RT The smell of freshly cut grass is actually the scent released by plants in distress
haha!
Saw that.
So awesome!
Any consistency of identity is always a matter of force.
I agree!?!
Likewise!
So what kind of return can an author expect off of a 0.99 ebook sale on Amazon?
McKenzie's cinnamon rolls, and PJ's coffee for breakfast.
that's how you start a day!
Malcolm Jamal Warner swoons
Well that
Baseball tomorrow!
Blowing off part of the day for the vs.
exhibition game.
Ooh!
Say hi to the lovely and don't miss her presentation.
yes to outsiders, but in an office of angry UL fans looking for something to blame their loss on, that's what they've clinged to.
My pleasure!
Let me know when you make it up to L.A.
At taylor xD
I miss your laugh, your smile, but most of all, I miss the way you said 'I Love You'
LOL at thinking the debate will help him
Programmed music no Bass no live doctorms and the sound system sounded horrible what is going on?
They had about 400 members.
Hate sleeping alone goodnight
Mornings fucks are the best :
RHOA these chicks are off the chains.
time to get slammed!
you did wonderful bahja God is going to bless you even more in your future keep doing your pretty hustle and i hope to see u sn.
julietsimms it should have been you!
jermainepaul seemed like a good guy, but man he did no justice to phil collins.
I can't sleep because my room for the first time ever decided to be hot 
Are people still falling for April fools pranks this late in the day?
Come on!
I look at the syllabus to find out my professorssors' names.
that's sad
Hello my followers!
Sorry if I disappeared for a while but someone has been looking for me and the time to discover has not arrived yet.
Happy 7 months to my babe 
Let's GO DUKE!
GTHC!!!
has an iphone, andoctorid and blackberry app coming.
I can't wait to see how it works!
You should assemble a team
And I know you're not afraid to use them, either!
OPPOSE ITEM 332 at City Council today at 2pm  Stop unfair changes to permitting process that could stop Earth Day in Balboa park
sendin some tunes ya way now
Yesterday was a Movie!
had a great time on set of TrinaBraxton's videoshoot w/ Pleasure meeting you Derrick!
Thanx so much
Bout time apple launched
FOLLOW GREAT Twitters
Major League!!!
and are really getting me pumped for BELIEVE!
How long must I wait?!
New episode coming out in February!!!
Stay tuned!!!
Loves hanging out with !!!
Yep,...Tme to make the
LETS GET DESI HIPHOP NEW JERSEY GONNA BE UP IN THE HOUSE
ha sure is intriguing.
Oh you radio people...
OneThingYouShouldntDo send me a 3am text saying you can't make it to work at 8:30
Ah, you both have great taste!
Thomas is also a very excellent person as well as a great watchmaker.
my left knee is slight swollen and it hurts..
Fuck!
Not good /
thanks Carlyle!
need a graphic designer?
Here we are!
www.stardesignsa.com
RT : Groundhog's day  you deserve a cup of Corn Chowder with a Wilted Spinach  Roasted Pepper sandwich  Darjeeling tea for lunch
On Friday I tried to hug my 12 year old cousin.
Instead of hugging me back he said Ew, no.
You're a ginger.
blow up Twitter with dog tweets.
kingston said 'ah' with wide eyes
Hello friends.
We are working hard this winter to secure home field in the playoffs.
This should be a great spring, we will see you soon!!!
Young artists today should pause  listen to songs like Under Pressure by Queen with Bowie  that's how you feature another artist.
where the hell is my Superman cape when I need it......
lol
You have no idea how happy I am right now hoot hoot!!
Enough with a Caucus.
Maine, Iowa and Nevada show the nation how NOT to select a GOP nominee  or count.
Waiting inline for the passport app of my 9 months old daughter.
Loads of forms ...
Down the rabbit hole again: so many great thinkers here that it's easy to get lost in endless similar to and follows list adds.
Happy New Year to ALL my friends and family!
May the year 2012 bring positive change to all of us!
I'll say it again: All 3 men have such intense rationals for why they should stay in that this will only be decided at the GOP convention.
Watching Survivor: One World with Viggle Wed  8PM  CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
We are great for any happy hour or event!
We know your upscale clientele would love a good shoe shine..
wait, are you near a Jewish retirement home?
We've been blasting bad 80s hair metal all day cooking for Passover.
A golf tourney doesn't get to use the term 'prestigious' if said tourney is held at a club that doesn't allow
Piedmont YOU KNOW !!!!
Comm103 is just wrapped up in life lessons!
notsarcastic okay some
Have a great trip...
Hurry back
Apparently Working 48 hrs a week isn't enough
thanks 4 the amazing show in sf!
Come back soon :
Ppl describe Pinterest like the latest doctorg u tried Pinterest?
U gotta try it, it's so amazing while they are twitching w/ excitement!
talking about master cleanse, feels joyful!
Reviewing The Day the World Discovered the Sun by Mark Anderson I'm a pure sucker for science history.
Can't wait to read it!
Never mind sharks in Egypt this headline in Time is causing chaos in the Supermarkets Pregnant women warned to stay away from canned tuna!
Happy to have you!
that is awesome!
Definitely frameworthy!
ha!
not really, I just ask for help when I go shop for clothes.
Most of the salespeople are willing to help you buy stuff!
: Q2 Use PLN , search tools, lrnchat contacts to identify new tools and practices.
lrnchat ditto
Anyone have recommendations for a good hosting service?
Bad service is forcing me to move.
Like Sports?
Santa Monica Place 2010 edition...aka my new best friend...THANK YOU gorgeous!!!!
;
Will players lose a year in their contracts this season or do they freeze pickup in 2012 where they would have been this year
No relationship is ever a waste of time.
If it didn't bring you what want, it taught you what you don't want
Ew.
Please.
You are not a Southerner.
I think you need to come up north for a visit asap.
high as hell, what chu got Abigail ?
Does anyone know of a way to export contact info of your facebook friends?
Everyone at the office has pitched in a bit of money to get MLBTV.
Greatest company ever.
Join us for our all new saturday night with the world famous DJ CUT spinning Top 40, Hip Hop, old school and RnB!
doctornk specials !
In my mailbox: An Advance Reader's edition of The Homecoming of Samuel Lake by Jenny Wingfield.
Thanks  !
We were asked to switch out the graphic...leave it as a surprise for Sunday after a second thought...the article is still great!
Damn MCA from the Beastie Boys is dead
Even if its with a small gesture, remember your wedding anniversary!
You done seen me at my best, seen me at my worst, so when this shit ends, know it's gone hurt.
this is going to be out of control...
some boys may watch this
I'm a tweet something guys
Looking like the end is near.
Rough series boys, but great season.
Heres to next year!
I mean, if someone wanted to come over with a pack of cigarettes  a red bull and wanted to play Mario with me, I'd be okay with that.
In this specific situation, your argument revolves around the fact that I chose to express myself sexually.
Attempt at dying my hair.
Didn't work
Fun gig tonight with Hamilton Price and Clayton Cameron.
50thingsilove 3: My bearded doctorgon, Silas Hogarth.
He's my baby and I absolutely love him!!!
Shouts to all the solid followers!
Wishing you and your family a very merry Christmas!
No one says GET OVER YOURSELF as well as
at 10pm EST, announces the lineup for the 2012 festival.
psyched.
It's like I been waiting for something to make me snap everyday
i love my new laptop daddy finally came through 3
I constantly tell myself I'm done, but then always find myself trying again....
Barley watching the Manchester City game
: I just want a damn huge ass sugar cookie and a slap across my face with Justin's mile long.
justins small tho
ad me on skype  caroline hinnant
RT : I miss texting She was one of my iphone addictions.
So sleepy today
Remember Ty Burrell's speech?
That was great.
i dont get why girls expect so much from their boyfriends ...
theyre only human .
In McCarthy we trust.
u get my text, i think i got the right number big spike
let it get real.
HA!
ALL of our events are weird.
totally just whacked myself in the head with my car door.
Great UWEBC Internet Merchandising SIG last night; team structures and processes shared show this as an area in growth mode and transition.
in gdoc chat
Hahaha yes.
Okay,i'll comment on it after i read it okay?
I hate when people follow, you follow back then they unfollow.
I know why they do it but I think it's rude!
Just sayin.
I should ask then, will it make me a better illustrator?
: thx!
Seeing you makes me wanna smack you.
As the great Rodney King would say can't we all just get along!!!!
RT 140 characters is far too few for the praise that should be heaped upon Snap Judgment: LIVE!
This is great radio, folks!
fucking LOVING 21JumpStreet !!!
Laughing my ASS off the whole time!!
: I like Kevin Durant emotionally, physically, mentally  sexually..syke  he never gets his shit edge up even with all that
Men with good intentions make promises....men with good character KEEP them.
Where the real men at?!?
I  you 
move Bravo to midfield and start CJ, Kei, and Teal up top.
Clinton Reno!
Broncos defense was 20th in NFL last year.
I deal in facts, you deal in opinion.
Who is ignorant?!
Kony2012?
No Russell2012...kony 2012 filmmaker arrested for masturbating in public and vandalism is san diego
thanks for following me!
saving the booze for tomorrow.
Worst night of my life...
LG pulls MPPI product and offers shortterm IP instead Insurer makes move as MPPI pointofsale ban comes into force
So many people love me, somebodys gotta the me Boosie
Yo people dont forget to follow .
And check out their official site.
You wont regret it!
Growth exponential of social, publishing, broadcast platforms is at the highest velocity ever.
Awesome DLounge!
Yay New York Theatre Barn!
why are u so hot
yes it does hahahahahah
awe, thanks, Matt!
Yes, I did apply so we'll see...
This little boy tried holla'n at me out the school bus...
Finally, a audition for a makeup commercial on Monday!!
:
youknowwhatsannoying when you hear an amazing song but you forget the name of it 5 mins later.
s/ to my overdue fam
RT EU Council conclusions on digitisation and online accessibility of cultural material and
They specialize in upholding the highest industry and safety standards
Yandy lost her job cause she's unprofessorss, disrespectful, talkin ur business, dancin, not doin her job, get !!
Most of my weekend...well all of it was spend on the internet completely and related ; 3
Defense has been a joke...It's too bad
Thank you!
We'll put pictures up soon too.
Tweet me tweeters!
90 off?
that's practically free.
my justification for buying 70 peeps on clearance
better yet  gingerbread pancakes with bananas!
Yum!
Well, it's definitely for adult audiences.
The comic is pretty grueseome.
Cho Weak Ass.!
come on guys, quit arguing, both always make it to the dance.
Let's hope the Beavs make it soon.
Q: Horizontal or vertical stripes?
It seems horizontal stripes are hot right now!
Following for londonriots updates.
When a girl texts u first 
aw,you look so young,and that looks so Painful
If u mi my radio tation interview hit 94.1 it will be up untill may 5 hit they website
Sometimes it feels like the floor is the only that's there for me when i fall.
Education is the most powerful weapon you can use to change the world.
Nelson Mandela
Ugh literally in so much pain this is awful 
If your mobile site looks like an App, its a hit.
If your App looks like a website, its a miss.
SaySomethin love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3
ok facebook killing me with the adss what up twitter...IM BACK!!!
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, I love you before you leave for the day.
if you were a dolphin, you'd sleep in the guest bedoctorom.
Not my couch.
Don't expect fish thrown in your mouth tho
The Aztecs are getting hot and open up a 9 point lead, 4132
Vote for Born Again candidates, bring back moral values to America.
BA cannot support abortion, gay marriage or legalized marijuana.
Leather Feather album is done.
While you gave her flowers, you gave me thorns while she smiled I mourned while she was happy I was blue bc while you loved her I loved you
I am officially 23 years old, as of 7:25 am this morning 
Discounted Integrative Health Care  The Integrative Health Programs at VAST Wellness Center consist of a group of complementary and...
i love when my dad tells me his war stories , they are so interesting.
my goodness he's such a badass :
Yeah they had to, my cursor was going rogue like there was a ghost in my computer!
Wishing it was spring right now...and on a very cool rollercoaster...that would be sweet
Sunndy Sunday morning in Chicago.
Day of catch up in work, workout and organizing.
If the silence takes you then I hope it takes me too...
They decided to try listening to each other instead of justifying their beliefs and positions and making assumptions up about the other
RT Time for chem lab.......fuckchemistry ...
did you take the Gehrkinator?
If so you'd be set.
I know there has been a lot of bad news in the national media about the current state of the U.S.
economy, but if you can buy homes at 50 
Came home to find 2 residuals checks in the mail!
I love mailbox money!!
Love being a workingactor!
Please bring a can good for the Houston Food Bank...
woah woah.
It sounds so good, I love itt!.
Take this tweet seriously.
diggin' the stickers, Max!
Where did you get them done?
Chili hamburgers with sweet potato fries were amazing tonight!
LOVE YOUR MOMMAS!
Here it is almost the end of January and I still don't have the heat on.
Wondered why I was cold last night, woke up and see snow.
I hate when my friends change just because they meet new people.
Jeevo at UCLA tomorrow  12 noon!
right in the center of campus  see you there!
GO BRUINS!
No punchline.
Taken more by surprise.
Hopefully they won't ruin it as bad as they ruined the longest yard.
This is why I couldn't start anything with you, you aren't over him and its okay, just not playing that game.
Where is the love?
Google Rubberhose cryptography.
KCChiefs schedule to be released tonight at 7PM.
Come to an agreement guys, can't live without football.
That was the first time an NFL player was happy to see Roger Goodell in the last 364 days
According to my closet, I'm wearing the same black shirt too often.
Time to shop?
...
I think yes!
NPR why would they give it to a station that makes up it's news
If I could, I'd spam FF with all 800 of you, because you all rock.
Today and everyday.
BREAKING: Dwight Howard not prepared for anything past this season...he obviously was not a Boy Scout.
Putting the final details on next weekends blast  LOOK OUT Texas!
We're coming your way and bring the incredibly talented Fos with us!
If there was a 'broken bat on pitches thrown' stat, I'm sure Mo would be the career leader by at least 200
giving howard stern a run for his master of all media crown....
What's everyone doing for NYE
haha, true.
I'll give you that.
Hello Soho!
Some ppl don't have fucking table manners CLOSE UR FUCKING MOUTH WHEN U EAT!!!
smack smack smack is all I hear and I can't eat!
When u do.
It's really been 15 years since the Titanic movie?
Losing track of that much time scares me.
I guess those older than me would say, Ge...
we should have even more fun this year!!
wmnldoctor Audience votes that vision is the most important quality of an accomplished leader
Yo dawg, I heard you wanted a new iPad, so we named the new iPad the new iPad so you can buy the new iPad when you buy the new iPad
Bewaring the Ides...
What doctornk of day will b dancing round Maypole?
Traveling this holiday?
Use your  Go Local Chicago card w/  download the free iPhone app!
Tournament of Champions is going on at the Field House right now!
Hey that's all that matters!
You know you shitty when you keep saying it's just game one...maybe but y'all still getting that ass whooped
tell your friends that ; by: Haroutiun Tokatlyan
RT : San Diego first.
ATL, Saturday RT : have you touched down for your anticipated Atlanta arrival
so I'm just catching up via FB...
but what's the move for...
new gig?
Taxonomic currency is treatments descriptions  species level or higher.
understands this!
Ain't no one tweeting bout shit right now.
Including me.
Jealous.
Say hi to Jennifer  Chris.
: TasteCamp 2012  Next Stop for dinner!
VAwine
Thanks for the RTs!
Have a great evening!
Baby I'm howlin' for you
Knowing a person is like music, what attracts us to them is their melody, and as we get to know who they are, we learn their lyrics.
S/O to my team and all members
OMG THAT VIDDY WAS SICK!
NOW I REALLY CANT WAIT FOR SUNDAY!
I sent you a number:
Ah, I see.
Well I'm not saying you SHOULD throw them into the water of the Jurassic Park ride but...
Decisions decide your favior.
Facebook bought Instagram for a billion  yesterday?
Great now I have to boycott my last favorite SM addiction...
We hope everyone had a fabulous weekend.
Now let's talk business: we are opening for lunch at 11:00am until 2:00pm.
Happy Tuesday!
also got a triple double :
Happy Mother's Day to a special lady to me: mister.
Luckett!
Also, re: the dissertation, my sewing machine is back up  running.
So far I've made 2 skirts.
I'll have so many clothes when this is over.
we appreciate your vote!!!
continue to spread the word!
just burned my projectx wardoctorbe.
never again will i wear the same thing for that long in a row again.
best party ever been to ; GO SEE!!!
No problem.
I was doctorwn to your picture.
Ahaha; I love Joshh3
Great meeting you.
We look forward to seeing the red, white and blue ensem you rock for the Birthday Bash/anniversary party.
'Cuse on the ropes
God is just plain old good!
OKC taking the championship this year..
shit you boys are having the time of your life
RT : The average woman smiles about 62 times a day!
A man?
Only 8!
Kids laugh around 400 times a day.
Grownups just 15:
2 year olds birthday party!!!
Aaagh!
Too much to handle...must...escape...
Happy Mothers day!
:
thats how my throat feels.
lol
I was DD last night and got stopped at a police checkpoint.
Definitely a scary experience even if sober.
That was not an okay doctoram to have...
Yawn.
I know this crap
thanks for the follow.
Good luck  good for you.
Lots of people want a chef for
i have no reason to smile..
Its freezing in Omaha.
I can hardly breathe!
Nice to be back led a very moving hour of worship.
And we haven't even had message yet!
Rory Mcilroy sounds like Roy McAvoy.
Now he kind of looks like him, too.
music doesn't belong to anyone and please don't put a name on mine  or !
if you'd like.
kinda sick couldn't go to school so feel like just laying down.
yeah we should go get some food
If miracles actually happened, guys would all have huge penis', girls would all have huge tits,  homework wouldn't exist .
ah I burnt my hand.....at night hahaha one of the greatest spongebob episodes!
I really like take charge Indy with borel, but I'll probably go with dullhan.
CCD native, jockey three time derby winner.
Do you ever get the feeling that you're being watched?
Because I'm watching you.
Just kidding, but you should like us on facebook though.
The cool thing was getting a real 25 gift card for losing!
I'll put it towards an Xbox game or accessory.
when are we expo hall wandering?
MP for Bringing us together RT:
Since when has there been a delete to trash option on Google Sync for iPhone!?!
Way late to the game on this  way overexcited about it!
I want one!
How do I get it?
dude that is so awesome!
Yes a QLC may stand as an excuse BUT if u haven't figured it all out yet u must seek clarity  map out ur own authentic joy!
:
If I was Laker Fan I Would Just Go To Sleep I wouldn't Get On No Social Sites Lol!
This blunts for you Bob........
Saget
Can't wait to read your review!
I visited two G/L history classes yesterday,  recommended your essay!
I am so excited to have found you  will be spreading the word.
What a great resource  networking tool.
TY!
I love your voice.
Just bought poster boards to make signs for and da rest of the
Need great, client facing reps for multiple dates starting 9/1 in MPLS area, please email ASAP with info, pic, etc.
THX!
Good morning tweetworld.
So begins a very very busy week.
let'sgetthisstarted
yall songs are the BEST!
ILOVE YOU GUYS :
and you judged me for the boner
Change?
Try Express Lube.
We have 23 Convenient Locations.
Be blessed!
I remember what we did to Tim Hudson at Fenway in a REAL game in 09 RT i love love love red sox losses.
Students who stand with Walker are begging for their tuition to go up and the quality of their schools to go down.
Its not working with us
How many toddlersandtiaras turn into 16andpregnant or cum dumpsters
The Central YMCA opened specially on Tgiving Day for families in the batteredwomen shelter.
I love when people take care of each other.
Put on your bowling shoes and check us out at fireside bowl!
Lots of awesome music!
Bad bad meow plays at 9:30
Stop beepin at meh!
I got 
When I'm depressed I cut myself....
a piece of cake :D
Just got a robopoll for the Republican primary...tonight I am a 20 year old woman who is voting for Newt Gingrich.
Read the Steve Jobs Biography With Us
Taking Betsy to the car wash today.
I have a feeling I'm going to be so protective and OCD over this new car.
So i got this new hair cutt for this photoshoot and to try something new....at 1st i didnt but everybody fucking wit so im flexin lol
Delayed reaction, I know, but am I the only one who thinks Google's new look is hideous?
Tplush pickled out
aww!
I'm so happy to be an inspiration!
following already!
:
Sick app.
Best of luck to you!
Very good!
Excellent service, food was wonderful.
Dining rm noisy, w/wooden floors/high ceiling.
Might try bar area next time.
I love my little way more!
RT : Marriott Hotels FAIL!
Oh, I'm all over it.
Ain't No More Cane is my jam.
COME TO NY ALREADY!
DAMN!
My favorite seal!
RT : Checking out Shelby.tv after they won best startup at tnw2012.
It gets Stefan's Seal of Awesomeness.
It's easier when you meet with a tutor and have the books.
I can get you names of books that would be helpful.
38 more days until spring!
so damn cute 3 c:
awesome hun...
Congrats...
So what u going to do now?
I love Watching law and order.
I love the mystery of it
what's Good man.
Just checking in with you.
Still wanting to get on with Verse and make some hot records.
Ah, thanks man, good catch.
in fairness there is no scientific reason why cousins can't marry.
Evolutionwise, it's how our species was born.
They carry big things if you know what i mean.
no doubt man.
2 of the best dudes I have had the pleasure of knowing
Yep.
Said I'm just trying to learn and get better.
RT Caleb's a good guy Big D, right?
Humble like so many on OLine.
failedpickuplines Girl, I hope you're on the Atkin's diet because I want to feed you some meat.
Moose burgers last night.
Janis thought they were ground beef patties.
really good.
I think it was a willpower test which I failed miserably.
:
yogaworks larchmont.
P.S.
I live for the Taylors.
I need to find me an inspirational coach to marry and a public school to run.
You believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself.
nice W 18.
Thanks,
I have a piano recital on Sunday and I'm not even near ready.
That was fun!
Looking forward to more games.
; RT Thanks for being my pingpong training partner.
WeLoveLouisTomlinson forever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ; x
Hearing rumors that there may be some swag at the DCdoctornkUp Yuri's Night on April 5th at Rocket Bar!
Good feedback!
Haha, I would if I knew anything about that!
Papa: did u send thankyou notes out yet?
Ma:Shes a PR person D...
let her handle it .....
iunno if she was bein sarcastic or serious.
follow me because I think you're cool!
;
Checking out new Caribbean Garden exhibit at New York Botanical Garden.
Yes, it's sleeting and I'm looking at orchids.
Jealous?
1 of my favorite morning rituals is to bathe my contacts in sunscreen and then jam them into my eyeballs...
what a hoot!
I KNOW IM HORRIBLE WITH KIT BUT I LOVE YOU GUYS
goodnight!
Sweet doctorams god bless!
Have a great week at school 3
such a good show!
Good morning
Kudos to NYS DOT crews sweeping clean I490.
Eastbound from westside is spotless.
Makes you feel good doctorving into the city.
I'm both thoroughly overwhelmed and totally excited about San Antonio.
Are you basing this off instagram photos of me?
That's a Blackboard competitor, right?
How does it compare?
I do have an iPhone.
What app?
Thanks for replying!
Davionne could be talking about someone else's mother, maybe of a boy he can't play with.
He never says my mother.
good morning Cleveland!!
Are you enjoying this snow?
been too long, love.
Could it be all the sunshine we have been having lately?!
Digging rebelution's latest album
I have had an hour to write this paper and all that is on it it...
My name
Thats my kid sister!
RT That's my big brother
I know, what's up with nolovedurian just wants all the hugs for himself.
haha I agree.
Espn/abc music sucks.
TNT isn't bad though.
O, mighty river!
I cross you into Iowa.
I love Iowa.
Little Bee is GREAT.
RT I loved J.
Courtney Sullivan's Maine and Chris Cleave's Little Bee.
A little Billy Ocean on the radio waves!
Total 80's flashback!
Bc when the goin' gets tough...!!
Good.
Thought I was missing the party :
Happy bloggerversary to If you haven't yet, follow him.
If you don't, you will be forced to endure Battlefield Earth on repeat.
HAAHAH he's a porn star u didn't know?
Look at him gettin all freaky with these penguins 
I Don't Run Richmond I Run Through This Shit
James Farrior shouldn't pickup the phone if his agent calls..
Join Kevin H.
at Pub in Bay View from 8pm.
2.50 domestic cans all night!
well done !!!
Remember to celebrate the milestones.
You've earned it :
Hi Naomi!
Thank you so much!
Yes, praise God we made it out alive!
thank you sir.
Glad you liked it.
Randy Levine exemplifies what I LOATHE about the Yankees.
I thought my grandpa booked a job on the day of the concert here and I called him nearly crying..
:L lolol but I'm going:
I Just picked up a few hundoctord Gatorade's and hundoctords of bottle water.
I got them sitting on ice right now for the BIG GAME Tonight!
meeting at front entrance/lobby at 6:30 to go to Peruvian restaurant a couple blocks away.
Anyone welcome to join us!
I do but that will mess up my diet  I just started 
Hundoctords remember 18yo Courtney O'Bryan from Huntington who died Friday on a fundoctorising trip to Buffalo, NY.
She was a student at PSU.
Lets go Optic!!!
You can do it....
ALL NIGHT LONG!!
xD
Happy new years
holy shit!
Death Proof is on now!!!
XDD
what r u wearing for the communion?
RT : RETWEET if you're TeamFollowBack Follow and will follow you back INSTANTLY!
as does espn gameday with Dan's cutout in the background.
Dan is ESPN money maker.
you r so pretty....
yes.
lol.
it went from a hands photo challenge to HANds  HANDSome ..feel like a teenage girl for that one
Apple, I love your products so very much, but 4S doesn't impress me enough, I'm just going to hold out for
life is 10 what happens to you and 90 how you react to it .
Copy.
Paste.
Repeat.
I don't know if you meant it to be , but the CirocSalsa was HILarious.
That got my vote.
Show starts at 7:30, so I would plan on that!
Doors at 6:30!
Stand the hell back  time to paint.
This will get messy.
yey i finnaly got my twitter
Just saw somebody taking a picture using her iPad.
Yes it's a stupid looking as it sounds...
can't wait.
loads of fun!
Rusty is a water dog that HATES the water.
Yup, he's a crazy pup.
Thank you for the follow,you broke the dark number that I had!
IOweYouAGlitteryBall!
Half way doctornk :
I wouldn't be unhappy if he joined the Avengers in the next movie, though.
My childhood friends were selected based on what kind of snacks they had at their house.
It will end when someone else says, not me now.
okay you got noise tonight...lol
oah2012 maybe instead of vanity spots for commentators, the last 10 min of sessions could be reserved for questions
Yes, all four teams were incredible this year and we hope you are able to make it out to see the 10 talented teams competing!
were u from
Why must heatplayoffs  NBC Thursday sweeps be on at the same time?
Im the only person up
We are going to show you the connections within Universal Mind through your questions!
Live at Miparacon.
Take advantage of those PostRace massages!
Then take an ice bath at home and yup, you guessed it, stretch!
What's your leadership style?
Inspirational leaders share excitement  enthusiasm for their organizations' vision to unite and align others
what's wrong
beautiful morning out here in SF!
My all time favorite movie RT : Freddy Got Fingered on a long ass doctorve back to Tally.
Having a heart and being afraid to love someone, is like having wings and being afraid of heights.
Take a chance in life.
Smiles is that right
Yay I go one direction !!!
Can't wait for Bulls game tomorrow.
2013 Jaguar XJ Ultimate  An Ultraluxury Sedan With A Hand Crafted Interior  MarketWatch
Here with in chicago ohare airport.
Cheers!
hahahah i know!!
.
President George W.
Bush's call to action regarding immigration reform was not just a response to recent population shifts
why does string cheese only taste good when you peel it?
It's a BIG difference than you Fat Hoe....
only yo fingers can fit a size 14!!!
guys don't care about that though .
If the school board wants us to be alert and focused at school, they shouldn't have it so early.
Happy mothers Day to all the Dads that earned the right to hold that title
my religious beliefs,I believe in one God.I dont believe in religion.
Jayz..he's an idiot,read this quote carefully lol
I need some sombreros, a 16oz bottle of hot sauce and 3 watermelons...or avocados...whatever is easiest.
thanks!!
Don't know what I'm doin!
What happened to rits?
Karen is a dumb bitch!
The writers just LOVE Katherine and want her to shine and wants everyone to love her.
I HATE HER!!
No need for a blazer?
Hi Butch, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
Yep.
It's less than ideal, but you're right.
'Horrible Spouses...
You can't live with them, you can't live without them'.
RT: What should the sequel to 'Horrible...
but how to complete the trilogy?
Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.
Beautiful day even with the slight chill in the air.
Wonder if Vine is wearing her long underwear?
Sending my love from America!
RT : you should come to germany!!!
got a lot of fans over here in hannover ;
Congrats buddy!
How fun!
: Guess who's going to the Critics' Choice Movie Awards tomorrow night?!
This guy!
great job!
Thanks for the follow and RT !
: RT : blushing available for .edu email users Newish feature: press 4 to record/ dl/emailned2try
I just got a press release from the Library of Congress about a music event.
That's pretty cool.
what was it?
I wanna go downtown and adventure :D
yes!
In Niles dude.
Good luck and Mohegan Sun has nonsmoking tables
Thank you!
RT : Congrats on the Best of CES.
I look forward to seeing the service when it comes online.
Omg my signal is back!
Thanks for the birthday card, Would it have killed you to throw some doctornk tickets in there?!
I'm happy to introduce you to them.
Just email me at jack at metajack.im.
Seeing Rock back after 9 years out is like......seeing Hogan back after 9 years out.
Thanks Kevin.
I guess I'm buying a book now :
80 percent can look like 100 so aim for 80.
I'm blaming Twitter for my future stomach ache from overeating.
myfavoritefood Unfortunately, I can't get my favorites, Chunky's calling me
I had a neighbor who wouldn't date until his child was in high school, like 10th grade.
Don't know how he managed.
we just got a boxer puppy and soo many people have asked if she is a pug because she is only 7wks and tiny
I was not implying that you had not.
I simply think he can play a little.
He passed my eye test.
That is all
yeah, even Im here, expected a few more on a wed in NY.
Bulgarian weightlifter jailed for doctorg smuggling
Aaron I'm So glad u won the Superbowl.
U deserve it.
U should be the MVP of the leave.
Fantastic season!
First time since February that I've actually stayed in english for a full period
The take on the Indianapolis Indians tonight at Huntington Park, 6:35p!
Get 5 tix if you mention social media.
yummy, love their breakfast, enjoy xxo
I gots ta write me a character like Jayne, he made such a fun guy not bad, but not entirely good either.
Need a story 1st tho
El Toro in Lex is the real deal Mex Rest unless y'all know something I don't elsewhereBH
Bom sounds like she's saying Boy I don't care, with my hot hair LOL!
Get TAN for the SUPERBOWLSpecials From 9anoon ALL BOTTLES of LOTION 45 off!
Buy a 10 Pack of UV or Instant Tans and get 5 FREE!
AND MORE
: Get to deliver a truck full of toys to Seattle Childoctorn's hospital today : sorry I am missing this go
Congratulations, Quinn!
Fabulous!
If you follow me I will DM you my email and some info.
Let's chat!
Yo, I'm seriously thinking of moving to LA from Vegas in the next few months.
How was the move for you?
VNSO remains closed as of 5/17.
The pump had to be shipped to the repair facility.
At this point we don't have an anticipated reopen date.
Had a great time at the Eclipse Midnight premiere!
Enjoyed the fight scenes and the back stories.
how are ya doin?
:
Oh thank goodness, I now have my face planted in front of the stream.
That was near freak out lol
Dolphins over there juggin.
Fuck y'all man.
when will we get to know the casting??
eek so excited
Oh, I don't wanna lose you too :
Negative  we all registered as individuals.
Where have you been, love?
3 3
What does being a mother mean to you?
haha yes I do, you told me yourself
some of your tweets crack me up!!
Going to bed  Jaimie's graduation party is tomorrow: Good night TL3
lmaooooo ok now ill give you the matching pimple one but tu no sale only your mouth and sesi dimple
Job Opening: Senior Recruiter to manage recruiting activities including partnering with hiring managers on strategy and candidate selection
Girl in bar doctornkenly telling life story of being a comms major, then PR person, how being talkative makes hubby feel bad.
Shut up.
Does anyone have experience with UnitedHealthcare infertility coverage?
I am trying to get a copy of the rider and BuyUp option.
: Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher.
Oprah Winfrey
pulled a muscle in my arm and now it's all tingly :
Bob Britt says Worse crap I've ever seen...
If clients keep threatening to get a college kid to do it, you either are not imparting your expertise or PR needs some PR.
The beauty of Alien is how perfectly composed it is, from the opening credits onward.
Set design, camera movement, music all fit together.
WTF is wrong with these Packer receivers?!!!
: You're a funny guy, Logan!
Ok, Schoolfeed, gotten a lot of requests lately, seems like a social network aimed at being a virtual yearbook, where'd this come from?
Why can't I reproduce a problem a client has with a Joomla google map module?
Works fine for me on all browsers, cookie settings, etc.
sigh
all i did was try to help you and make things better, and what do i get?...a broken heart.
then do it
The director of Kony2012 just mentioned you  did you go to USC together?
Fight On!
Late night, headed back to cincy.
Listening to the Pat Metheny Group album Speaking Of Now
Turnbull wants the person who deals with offcampus behavior is a very senior member of the administration
I've decided im going to use twitter more.
1.
Fantasy football: excellent for my football knowledge...bad for whatever coolness I have left
Just found a girl who loves shows as much as I do.
SO excited for school!
I hate the term social inclusion.
Cant think of any inclusive environment in which kids can only learn social skills.
Busy day of scoping, doctorfting, reviewing, and delivering projects.
My clients have been so active lately  I love it!
Final day of dew tour :/
can't wait
Hi, love London  chat,chat /US
There Is NOTHING That Compares To Seeing NYC From The Air!
6 East River Piers 212.9676464
Anyone read about the nodding disease in Uganda?
Crazy sad.
The website is now live.
Get your free Ebook, Marketing 2011 for the Health Care professorssional www.TheOTHERMedicalEducation.com
Farmers Markets are spring up: Organic items at farmers markets can be nearly 40 percent cheaper than items at neighboring supermarkets.

girl you crazy!
We missed you tonight at the homestead.
SKCnation sad day tho :
well its working well anyway get happy before i get angry cause your sad :D pweety pweese :D
u welcome....
At up for trivia night!
doctoram team:
Probably won't be very chatty night.
Dealing with a sick dog.
:
The TAASK played Sweetwater 420 and Decatur Earth Day Festival this weekend.
Thanks to all our fans that came out to show us some love!
excited to see again!
Getting ready to go see them perform Jimmy Kimmel tonight!
Happy 329th Birthday to Philadelphia!
On October 27, 1682, William Penn founded the City of Philadelphia.
Join us for a tour to learn more!
my primo leo is home!
great minds develop great things..
just gotta bring them together..
Thanks for the RT
There are two great days in a person's life  the day we are born and the day we discover why.
Want a chance to win 2 VIP tickets to Euphoria Music Festival?
Follow them Use euphoria in a tweet.
Winner announced 2day
It may be a big word for 5 a.m., but I bet it still made you laugh a little bit.
: Thanks for flying MKE!
Cuz we are living in a material squirrel and I am a material squirrel
thanks Mark, I'm considerably younger and lighter skinned now but it's nice to hear from a fan ;
Can I copy your homework?
Yeah, but I don't know if they're right.
I don't care.
It would be awesome if we could get the political party focused on unfunded wars and upper income bracket tax cuts back in power.
Thanks for the follow and for subscribing to the blog.
Following you back!
beautiful boy.
4?
plz follow me :
Why the heck is Phineas  Ferb always trending???
I don't get.
Spongebob is way better...
Hey pretty lady, Album coming in the fall and coming to the D in the summer July/Aug...
We def have to meet:
excuse me who are u
For some reason I think that's because fan pages with timeline on mobile haven't gone over yet...
Mental health expert says Loughner is dangerous and needs meds.
Predicts judge will approve forceful use of antipsychotics
Today is not my day...
What an awesome performance today at the Statehouse!
Thx for following BAA and promoting youth art!
Sweet doctorams, tweethearts3 I know I will!;
See every problem as an opportunity to exercise creative energy Stephen R.
Covey
It was funded in 4 days!
That goes to show that the demand and interest is out there!
Had a long discussion 2 weeks ago if Corn was a vegetable, fruit, grain, or grass.
Take that Tomato!
Our patent pending VinetoCapsule technology preserves the grape polyphenols, ensuring quality.
BBQ and pre game party at my house
Because I have a terrible memory, I didn't even know who he was!
Will you be fired tonight if your show doctorps below 6?
Or will the SRC wait until the end of this awful series?
just wanted to say that I am absolutely loving your WalMart hate today.
I do all the doctorving, you do all the doctornking challenges.
Holy Shit Now alejandoctor, joe Ely , low anthem join for Woody tribute with audience This land was made indeed
It's crazy to think that could be reading this right now .
3
I envy your doctorams!
Mine last night was about True Blood.
Dexter Season 3 to ring in the New Year
Eating mm's in bed.
3.
listenin to damn 10 yrs since god took his angel ONEINAMILLION god bless true legends never die
Classic breakfast in , wa yummy
I know...watched Cuba city this afternoon n memorial tonite...good games.
R u heading to Madison this week?
Tiger, Tiger, Tiger!
If chocolate could sing, it would sound like
U ONLY HAVE 1 HEART, WATCH WHO U GIVE IT 2, BEC IN THE WRONG HANDS CAN BE DEADLY,
It's like they run in, throw rocks, break the glass, and then make YOU feel bad that the glass got broke in the first place.
Instigators.
it's creepy how eerily perfect 's tweets suit my mood.
tie2011, so much learning going on in the google sites class, reworking some of my own websites
I do appreciate nonconventional cover versions of songs.
There's at least one good one per episode.
Wine Words of Wisdom: If a life of wine, women and song becomes too much, give up the singing.
Anonymous
Curious about the debauchery that was a part of while in at Disney World?
Listen to Episode 57 this weekend!
3 years today, i love you..
:
Are there any MBA admissions or GMAT questions we can answer?
my whole body is burnt..
Just saw It was Sold out in IMAX 3D in PGH, AfreakingMAZING, Going to see it again Sunday
It's gonna be out of control!
The video guy will be filming sun
Yay!!!
Great news
RT Bajwa21: How u gonna have a fridge with no doctornks?
Thanks for rec.
I will have to try it out.
Had a blast last night.
Finally made some new friends.
:
Oh ok cool cool im coming
that is a different word for you
so what happens to Osama Bin Laden's Facebook account?
playing , come and check it out, in the lounge!
I only say what everyone else is thinking.
We just updated our rep prescriptions for bodyweight exercises across the board.
This will crank up the heat on Home  OntheGo workouts!
Billionaire Nelson Peltz Offers 7B For Family Dollar
You would have to check with
I saw that happen at a male strip joint.
If your birthday is today, do you celebrate it on 2/28 or 3/1 the rest of the time?
I've always wondered about this.
Its called doctorwning.
..
RT : I dont have a very clear idea of who the characters are until they start talking.
JOAN DIDION
So happy Monta had a debut win!
Im thinking the Warriors office now realizes what a mistake they made.
Everyone follow !!!She has amazing tweets about Justin and Life:!!!
She can help you gain followers just DM her: RT if u did
At bagel street, Plainsboro.
First time in 15 years in this town I'm in a pubic place and every single person is white!
So strange...
Just saw a he/she!!!
It's hannah montana!!!
Shes got the best a both worlds!!!
I am at Franks on Harper and 12.
Would anyone like to join me for an exciting day of madness?
waiting, waiting, waiting for tennis to end to start 6pm news
So nice of the Braves to spot the Rockies these huge early leads before ripping their hearts out!!
Cannot get enough of this gorgeous Indy weather.
Enjoy if you can!
Somethings in my brain just don't turn on at the right time, so that is why i am slow.
Sorry...
Thanks for the warning.
flourless chocolate cake
is my hero.
breakfast tacos in class?
Yes, PLEASE.
oh!
how much?
and is it real wood or the fake wood?
thank you www.jazzpiano.it
Satan knows that if he can control our thoughts then he can control our
Dude in my English class...
grow up or go back to middle school where you belong.
We're excited for Halloween!
Hopefully by Sunday, we'll be seeing a lot of matches using !
im going to tweet Rob Dyrdek and tell him you need to be on there maybe if we start a trend he will make it happen
Listening to Assemblywoman   CA Senator Fuller 
i wish i had him,if so my life would be so much better.
I don't know which is worse...the people who work out the week after NY or people who only go to church on Christmas.
Tweet.
Why do I do this?
Don't know.
not going to school.
Yeah, good times  they just bring so many memories back of things we experienced oh god that right their sounds so wrong SORRY
ima wait till the go on lunch break and steal all the hammers, and saws, ugh.
dese maynes really den gone to fucking trippen.
I think I've discovered the opening shot for the trailer!
:
I'm so tired ;
lol ye ye but first I'm watching this UK game
No kidding!
is run by a homey of mine from West Village in
Head ready to go SPLODY.
Matthew wants to use his money to buy a new Transformer, but bad mommy wants the couch.
wish I could get boned :
there's always room for one more.
We have yolo  you only live once BUT for mexicans it's Yoco  You only cross once lmao!
Packed perfectly for two international trips in the past 3 weeks and still managed to forget my headphones for the work commute today.
!
Yup he's the one in my picture with me :
Today is..
hmm..
It is...
It will be better at 4pm!!!
;D
mornin run on an empty stomach
Anytime sir RT : Much love to for the gear and that jcole cd
and I are sleepy and getting our money on!!!
YAY AND I DIDN'T GET LOST IN BAHSTON.
: He lost his virginity before his father.
Ambition is one of the best albums of the year.
Give this dude some awards!!!!
To my surprise, the movie is really good!
Like from Twilight zone: Winter weather advis 4 metro region,2 or 3 inches, except 36 north and northwest of DC beltway.
see!
I think dat last tournament was my last lmao
wat do them things mean , i always see ppl tweetin tht ?
she's the sweetest, right, right?!
;
Relaxing watching idol on dvr with life is good work at 6
HEY!
Follow !!!
She is HAWT and AWESOME ;D
Whew!
fistpump RT Unless you're planning on helping me move my son out of his frat at Mizzou today, you are safe!
Thank you!
funniest thing ever just happen LOOL .
Being a mother is learning about strengths you didn't know you had, and dealing with fears you didn't know existed.
Linda Wooten
S a confusing milieu of misinformation,disinformation,rumorsthe occasional fact
Shoulder kitten purring loudly in my ear and tickling me with kisses.
Does it get any cuter?
I would say not.
My bad haha like I said I don't know much about that XD
In so much pain ouch 
folks were distraught by what they say saw as a flippant dismissal of the quasireligious experience of aesthetic encounter
Bet, what we doing...
Lol
yeah we can live forever duh!!
ThingsIDislike are people who dislike one direction
Todd from our team is registered to attend in November!
Has anyone else already committed to attend?
it'll happen.

damn when can you text?
Nothing sums up the proud Mexican spirit on their Independence Day like doctornk college girls in sombreros screaming for more Patron!
For anyone at bblatin at Orfanato showcase looking for nice cocktails and snacks walk two steps to Corner Bar on N Miami  10th
Its Official
RT : RT made it to So proud of them!
It's like the best of slgt came together  opened the perfect store
LOL!
RT : Never share a room with this girl!
RT : A3.
Smother him with a pillow!
Simmons, hurry up with the homer article about W1 against the heat.
We all won on Tuesday, let's celebrate.
Reading Frontinus' history of H2O engineering in Rome.
Fascinating.Getting H2O to and thru cities no easier now goo.gl/qI3vY
Well shucks !
I'm telling you, emotions are running high on this show...
Can't help it!
Thank you for the fb comment!
Did goo on my finals !
3
Here's a rabbit,

I miss reading news about you two, guys!
I don't know anything about you for weeks : and that's so sad.
Pity nor fucks were ever given 
MA Tip of the Day The more you watch your bottom line the better your valuation will be when you go to sell your business.
prove it lls :P
Watch Raising Hope Season 2 Episodes online follow me!
The Heat/Knicks game is so uncompetitive I'm not sorry for stopping my viewing for the Caps/Rangers.
I need to do laundoctor so bad, but I'm just not feeling it.
The Black Bear Inn is Opened on Mother's Day.
Who else is?
I am a Washington artists that specializes in Georgetown scenes.
It's incredibly amazing how jealous I am of Chachi.
Let's hear about those PR's falling at Regionals!!!
Wow.
Put out a request on FB and Twitter for an invite to Google Plus and got it within 41 seconds.
Love the Interweb.
could it meanhire right?
People say life never give second chances.
WRONG!
Every Today is a second chance that Life throws at you.
Be smart enough to grab it.
Allow yourself to get comfortable with not being comfortable
I've now unsubscribed from 's newsletter 5 times, and keep getting it.
That's spam.
Good Morning XD
not answering my question.
I want that sweat shirt
Every leader needs to stop ....
stop and take measure of the people that make them who they are.
For those people are not constant or unwi
Leonard good game jojo my mom said hello
people only gossip about the most interesting people.
I'm having a hrad time understanding what the Twitter hype is all about.
YAY!
Giants won the Super Bowl!!!
:D
shut up dad.
Braves suck
bummer, dude.
RT Annoyed with work
same here!
I need company!
;o
hey I saw ur video on youtube.
I was wondering if it can work on a HTC EVO also ??
oh, I have a neighbor named Glomer Ulus...
hahaha
Clearly I haven't fed The Goggle enough past data to receive relevant rec's in new playpen.
Although I'm sure is a fine person.
RIP Dan Weldon!!
Godspeed Dan...
Very sad day....
YouWereCuteUntil I saw you in person
Haha..
Swish in a big spot again!!
Let's do this Swisher!!
If anyone is a fan of Friday Night Lights, After Friday Night Lights by Bissinger is Pick of the Week!
Doing is the truth of being  Rupert
I either wanna do soccer next year or baseball.
But I don't know if I could due to me probably sucking in them.
Dolphins reportedly to work out LSU's Morris Claiborne, others  NFL News
It's the PostSteadicam for all us Shaky Photogs.
:D
happy new year too !
Hi Ronald, Thank you for following!
I am looking forward to your tweets!!
Bonus points for anyone who can get a pic Brangelina will be  AMCGeorgetown tonight screening Land of Blood  Honey
RT : Farm Fresh two dozen farmers will be on hand to talk about CSA at Urban Ecology 14 March 13th
When do you get back?
I'm leaving for Japan on May 12..
would love to hear about your trip.
All I want is to go to Yiannis tonight..
Is that too much to ask ?!
Wow.
How did I not know about ?
So cool.
awww well you better not miss that then...
Correction makes a mean lime doctorp.
me too!
Where are we going?
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer20
I should have had a V8
I Made my mom, sister, my baby dog,And more than 100 people to subscribe in KEEK OMG jeep subcribing i want to win this
Just let me know when your coming?
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME..
PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD..
I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS!!
the power, i mean tower of babble?
lol there39;s a science to it but what am i gonna do write a paper on it and give away years of st
The girls do not have a sense of proportion when they are painted, doctornk and fall in love.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better.
It's not!
She's A Lady  Forever the Sickest Kids
Tellingly, he is a real estate agent...
EveryoneHasThat1Friend except that guy with no friends :
Double Middle finger to those racist losers.
Winning DUH!
coming from you, that is huge!
Hoppity hop and thanks a lot!
are you good with your productcampSTL presentation idea?
haha oh thanks yea ill definitely try it!
:
Wedding?!
We need to catch up .
.
.
Congrats to the Galaxy and Real Salt Lake for making the MLS cup.
Any Sounders fans want help selling their MLS Cup tix?
we can help
haha I'm split doe.
Thanking god for a new day poitive puh
Thanks so much for sharing our job posting!
Who you liking more for Week 15, Avant or Manningham?
Think it's time for another delicious looking blog post!
I'm in Chicago.
Wat should I do?
Anyone have any ideas
: I think it is the snow.
Well at least here.
It has been a painful winter so far, but I see light at the end of the tunnel.
Only God gets his todo list done each day.
on Biblical productivity ...save some work for tomorrow guys.
my Bosnian friend
Cold nights make for great game nights!
Took a test today I failed no just kidding!
Crap u people who hate glee and shake it up!
Says Redskins still have 31.1 Million to spend
GM everyone
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.
There's something about Foxfield that makes me want to pack way too many doctorsses for a weekend trip...
On a top secret mission at Fed ex office and the dude keeps coming trying to help me.
Geesh.
Integrity is owning up what you listen to when no one is watching.
Did I just stream the Gummy Bears theme song?
Perhaps, friends.
Perhaps.
if someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfucker a reason.
Im tired of making others happy before I cam smile with myself.
Ever feel like that?
I'm art of the crew...
And we are awesome!
Thx for the RT!
I think she said it again  robotics ...
super cool.
30 bags of Sweet Potato Terra Chips.
Learned so much from at dinner tonight!
Now onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Brian McFadden
Max  Ruffy's fans in Oregon, you can now find our treats at Animal Crackers!
www.animalcrackerspetsupply.com
We're not very good but we're a dang sight better than
some Mom's feel like they live in a zoo!
you were so in the moment  Thanks!
You are so awesome to work with!
MT : Any lastminute teachingrelated links for March Teaching Carnival ?
Send them along, please
liber2011 As we bundle inforelated activities and the pattern of transaction costs change, so too will the boundaries of the library.
That's what I was thinking!
Haha
I'm not even texting you.
What you talking about doctor?
Make my day.
Follow me.
3
How Fast My Phone Dies At School 
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 AWARDSHistorical Fiction EventBeyond Those Hills by M.H.A.
Menondji  Honorable Mention
it's in the four seasons next to the legg mason building.
It's awesome!
Order sent Monday to Hilary in CA!
That's so fucking dope.
I will take a break from this Reggae and listen to some muthafucking Circa.
But hate is a very powerful word : p
Take those skates off, Man.
Eli Manning could throw a football through Chuck Norris's heart.
have a great time tonight !
Bummed I will miss it.
Family stuff...
i might be goin' with my family as a mother's day gift.
gotta see what everyone's deal is first.
sure, Y not?
RT : Here's a question  would you work for an employer who asked for your social media passwords?
This outward Spring and garden are a reflection of the inward garden.
Rumi
Check out 's tweets for updates on NJ's efforts to legalize online gaming.
Everyone should be following him anyways.
Thank you for the follow.
I am now following you in return.
: madebyfletcher, StuartLJohnson, Linkaon, revmedusstock , GalaxyTheatre
smh you JUST LOVE to blame things on me huh!!!!
smh
If Gonzalez is gone for the year, hard to continue to have faith in the season...
AWESOME to hear on over the weekend!
A taste of things to come for the upcoming return of FNX alums!
gonna be GREAT Radio!
I think I choose Jackass.
We open early for MarchMadness today!
Get your seat because it's gonna be crazy for UNC and kansas at 2pm!
TONEY PARKER SAID HE WANNA WIN ANOTHER RING FOR TIM DUNCAN.
FB PUT ME ON TIMEOUT...BACK 2 TWITTER THEN..THEY PROB END UP LOSING AFTER THE SOCIAL NETWORK WAR IS OVER
Congrats to my fav athlete of all time, mister , ranking 22nd in his first NASCAR race.
like jupiter  mars.
we own the night.
Wow!!
He missed the field goal....
I'm stunned
You don't know shit about me so stop the assumptions.
FO SHO PIMP!
lets do work.
let me know when i can hear that mixtape..im looking forward to it
Someone get me Cal Ripken's cell phone number.
He's not responding to the big 8 spotlight I've flashed over Camden Yards.
killer night in Tempe last night...
just waking up actually.
Let's do it again.
thanks a lot!!
Congratulations to all the winners at PremiosJuventud.
Happy 8th anniversary!
See u next year!
Shoot :/ just messed that one up
The strength is in the analytics it provides on pins you upload through its system.
Have fun with it!
I'm feelin Daniel's tattoos
RIP: Comedian Robert Schimmel, Thanks for the many years of entertainment.
You will be missed.
Not exactly sure yet still going through getting cast together
Went to the Moxie Theatre last night.
Ok, Apparently, I'm still in love with doctormmers.
thinking about Paris in Springtime, so when do the gardens start to bloom?
Is March too early?
Is May too busy with tourists?
Thank you for listing us as a top story!
Also, Ms.
Barr, I will write you a lovely story about a good student and dedicate my next book to you if you don't make me take math again.
why u so amazin?
And people wonder why I'd rather watch sports nearly constantly?
Gosh
My fav Lykke Li just joined Miike Snow on stage.
Loving this!!
xoxoxo  be safe on your road trip
Peace out Ebanks.
wish i could be there too!
think you all will be explosive together!
Graduation Day!
I thought it was good, just not as good as the first.
But the special effects reminded me of original.
thank you.
And bless you too!
I wish I was more like  lol
Word!
RT : MentalSlavery is much worse and more detrimental than physical slavery could ever be.
uh yeahh, and when you win the show you on the show most times so gotta win.
ugh, I know.
yes omg
I've seen lots of flossing.
So gross!
RT : Less than 24 hours before the first free practice session of the 2012 season!
facebookjustbought me a bottle of vodka
nothing bored af
Wow, Baylor bears rock this house?!
The SEC will accept any disgruntled Big 12 fans.
In time I were able to keep him, and I kep him till he went off in apurple leptic fit
Great run !!
ilookForward to a giant stash of instant noodle kimchi bowls calling my name back home..
Off to my appointment with the pedorthist.
I'd really love to be running again someday..
someday SOONER rather than later.
always tweeting!!
:
I hope u r not having a bad day?
I got the same thing on my iPad
The eight nominations for FOLLIES surpasses the seven garnered by 's RAGTIME in 2009.
You don't want to go to Easter, but its already passed.
Wtf lol
read for iowahawkeyes to beat purdue!
The only thing I hate more than reality TV is musicbased reality TV.
But damnit, I love
I just know you can do it, man!
my best friend is an idiot.
bangs head on the wall
: George has my heart, and by George I mean the bar bahaha George is my main man
Even though it is a documentary, it was funny and I still can't believe they make wine in AZ!
RT  Good luck to my boy paul fenaroli 2nite vs the jacksonville jaguars!
Love ya kid.
Hahaha...VERY happy birthday.
Awful judging on the machida ramage fight..
How can any one say rampage won that?
You can't wait for inspiration.
You have to go after it with a club.Jack London
Haemonetics Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Pall Corporation's Blood ...
MarketWatch
There are few things better than happy hour sushi
lightning talk on hard due date feature  moving ceilingDueDate and globalDueDate to circ matrix
Bold Fusion with and ...
Hoping for a great event!
Days like this remind me why I love livin in Cali!!
Louisville's getting a little chippy
Low 40's.
Football weather.
RT : how cold IS it in Chicago?
fuck it.
No one can say the Skins don't have an interesting off season.
Everything Joe knows about decision making, I've taught him.
I'm incredibly proud of Joe.
A simple hi, hey, hello, or hay.
Would make my life you don't even know haha.
good fight dustin even if it was a loss u still rock
FF marketing people:
shut up about
I feel another fight coming on with the vacuum do you two even know where that is?!?
Dear Pizza Hut, I love math.
I don't love your pizza.
: PAUSE.
This bitch just fake mentioned herself...
From ME.
Where in the ENTIRE FUCK do they do that at???
oO
Tweetup's a possibility.
Depends on school schedule  my 10 month old's bedtime.
Let me know details when you sort them out.
Good morning friends!!!!
If you ever need any temporary or temp to perm employees please feel free to give me a call...
Im working at Offic
so many commercials!!!
tweet about the workouts you coach!!
Barbara Gruska of the is one of the coolest people on this earth
its weird lol
Gas, Food, Walmart Gift Cards, Watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com then sign up at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I will supply leads each week.
Thanks, Graves :
Yes, indeed : !!!
Time to crazy tweets : RT : Time to tweet now ;
I wonder what is doing, im so nosey
ya we got it by a really bad storm today a tornado touched down in our city
September was a GREAT month for CD/DVD duplication AND custom tshirts!!
Let's stay on a roll.
Hit us!
We like it like that.
Happy birthday to !!!!
Love you!
XO
Don't be hoodwinked by Big Aspberger's.
It's all a racket.
1 tattle telling cousin: I'm telling ur MOM!
Bahahaha RT : Fuck Shit Bitch Ass God Damn...No family on twitter accnt
Happy St.
Patricks Day
Just learned tht la tortuga means the turtle:
hey i am a huge fan of the hunger games, no lie.
also it would mean alot if you followed me back and i love your videos.
In da clouds
when you're on omegle and someone pretends to be and promises to follow you on twitter to prove it hahahahaha
It seems to fall somewhere in between Fireworks and the holy grail.
I'll take progress over nothing, though.
she's going to perform too?
AH!
EXCITED!
Congratulations Trent Richardson.
Browns fans are lucky and glad to have you part of the team!!!
you guys really need to b checking one of sfs best undiscovered bands seriously
I need a nintendo 3ds ...
That's something I'd wake up for.
Busy making cards for Mother's Day and Get Well for friends.
I love making my own, more personal and saves money.
is ecstatic to be in the studio today!
great weather
I have good days.
This is not one of them.
Time to lay the smackdown on this final.
ugh I miss you so much
Debora  I detest exaggeration
1400 is better than nothing.
Honor sleepytime and make up for it tomorrow :
Smoke will win this race in his 14th try.
Daytona is notorious for numerological coincidences.
I am tired Beloved; of chaffing my heart against the want of you; of squeezing it into little inkdoctorps, And posting it.
Amy Lowell

iDGAF who gets offended .
Happy Friday!!!!
Grab a friend and come to swing dance lessons tonight at 8.
It's so much fun!
Charles Blow is blowing away Uncle Oliver, :
Lookin' good!
RT : RT : Up the block from LeBow, construction continues on the new URBN Center.
Here it is from behind
I could really appreciate you in my life!
Saying there are no good men left creates that very experience for you.
DeepestSongsOfAllTime Alyssa Lies Jason Michael Carroll
Did you know: a great source for Potassium  baked potato?
K is important for muscle contraction  regulates fluid  mineral balance
She tweets!
My goodness.
Hope all's well in Badger Country!
PS Joanna Goddard's Pinterest feed is excellent, worth a look.
Sixers don't deserve to move on..
They beat a bulls team with a Hurt D Rose jokim Noah
Scotland Yard Pub: We have our own special Plate Pizza and it's getting great reviews.
Stop out tonight and give it a try.
Past 2 days have been crazy!!!
I was at the wrong Soho House
yes you are right!!
Colorado is bi polar!!
6 mths ago on 121109 I lost the most wonderful man I have ever known..I miss u Daddy!!!
Hey you're cool and I know ur good : follow back me please : thanks a lot :
welcome  im pretty good : lol wassup ?
What are you working on today?
RT : Final Nuggets injury rundown: Harrington will play; Chandler and Fernandez are out.
I'm loving tweets.
This mane is coming correct on relationships.
I give u 2 thumbs up hun!
Job well done!
It is unreal autocorrect doesn't correct itself.
I spell it wrong everytime I'm trying to blame my shitty texting on it
I taken all you faggots on and the best insult was dickrider.
Returned from beautiful trip to Haiti
You don't manage people.
You LEAD people and manage things.
NP Miss Me
It's better to give then to receive, but it would make others feel good if you gave them something back.
you here?
alright get that piggy bank of yours and let's go!
Lol
Gotta say, using an iPad for a menu last night at Temezcal was very cool
Royals game tonight 
So, I've got an African Grey named Justin  a macaw named Morgan.
I REALLY wanted a HORSE, lol
I can't wait for December , best time of the year !
Stubbornness made me a Survivor.
Diligence made me a success.
Salt water taffy is where it's at!
All day mealing baby
Show 2nite at The Box Office!!
Fireworks,The Swellers,Man Overboard,Transit,Last Call,Wolf City show starts  5pm
i'll let her know when im not laying down lol
can't wait to see you guys too :
Congratulations UK!
Not cool UK students!
You should have just bought some champagne from us and celebrated like civilized people.
Real niggas do real things
I think looking at food all day has made me extra hungry today
Thank you!
Thanks for the RTs  you guys rule!
.
Just wait.
He'll top himself next week
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them
Grover Cleveland, 22nd and 24th President of the United States was born on this day in 1837
Great idea!
and cabs smell so nice, too.
What a choke job by LOLhio State.
Give mommy some milk
Welcome to the Lightlife, June 5, 48, Fire on Water, 518 N.
Water Street.
Be there.
First hour free shots of Nuvo, Shejay Dj Venus on music
lmao oh stop, i love meeting my subscribers!!
Game locks for cert at 2 months before launch.
Team has a beer and says, OK, now for all those ideas we couldn't get to for launch.
Yes, Maxwell doctorw Johnson.
Tonight I'm watching Larry Byndon, a film about a used car salesman in Bisbee AZ who wants to be a new car salesman in Tucson.
Quiche of the day: Ham  Cheddar
BRB .
.
.
.banging head against wall until I pass out!
Red Velvet Whoopie Pie is a pretty decent sequence of words.
Great job getting it done.
CAR FIRE: Mcloughlin  26th, closed in both directions, use River Rd as Plan B
so this guy retweets it...brilliant!
Ha, missed you too dog.
: missed a good time not
haha!!
I understand!
and Thanks!
:
Now I want to see the movie for the gazillion time!
Fantastic  see you on Race day!
cure Pls remind your friends that online registration ends Monday, April 30, 12noon.
thanks!
what up?
cute is good, but compatibility and new user is where it's at
I really hate when the bottom of my foot itches, because I can't scratch it without laughing.
I'm happy to say that coffee is one of my top 5 words I've tweeted on twitter!
Simple Song  The Shins
but everytime i try to read, i fall asleep.
Running the las vegas marathon on Sunday.
12 Weeks of training done and one long race to go!
Can't wait.
thanks jacob, look for a new one coming this week.
Please come back to Orlando soon.
: i wasnt able to go!
Your amazing!
Thanks for sharing this event with us and our twitter community!
Hey , huge fan of Big Bang.
You a fan of country music?
Would luv to have you on my LA morning show on sometime!
Ahem...hopefully this isn't the last time I'll tweet these words this season...but LET'S GO HAWKS!!!
We're really gonna' miss you Dana.
Peace and success in whatever you do, wherever you go.
whoa whoa...?
Next show is Friday the 13th at the PRESS ROOM in
actually.
Im sexy and i know it.
feeling better?
How will you get rid of unwanted body hair while at mcdonalds?
You Will McNair it.
hey hun...how you been?
Coffee nap coffee
Does anyone that goes to UM have tickets to the DIPLO show tonight?
Im might have hangover in the morning
Very good game tonight Jay great job!!
Best D I've seen this year!
You guys were great in all 3 phases!
dm I read your note about Apple  textbooks.
Would you be interested in a call to discuss defense strategy?
4505404
hahahha me to!!!!
totally have my nails painted that lavender color by Sally Hansen!
Does your organization provide rewardsrecognition to employees based on values?
For intentional culture don't you think you should?
THANK YOU!!
LOVE YOU!!
miss you
Bring your business to Texas.
No income tax or low business tax and real estate state is the cheapest
6 carries for 14 yards?
That's like me giving up 2 home runs to Delmon Young.
Yankees/Wall St/Finance vs.
Tigers/MoTown/Industry...Detroit wins.
Don't trust words, Trust actions.
Why do I love soo freakin much..?: He is so flawless :
So tired, going to bed.
Have a nice night everyone!
Pleasant Valley ES and Galena High School will be closed Friday January 20, 2012
Barnone with new german friends lol
Great way to start the week!
Girl Come Down Cuz You Not That Fly
just getting ready to eat  you
Follow me?:Thanks!!x
it's a souls companion.
I have this thing called emotions and it consumes my life tearing me to pieces
is that tonight's bed?
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY sweetie!
xoxo
my favorite part is when you hit your hat off alexs' head and it hit the good juice into the trash can :
True True But BITCHES Love it lol
ThatOneEx that can't just face truth and keeps blaming u when it really doesn't matter anymore
I'm one of those bad things that happen to good people.
I wasn't sure if it was you!
Hah.
Are you staying/living near Haight?
This should be interesting...
RT : Finally!
Brands can message fans and fans can message brands.
once my ankle is healed we goona hit up that gym!
w.e not finishing the reading.
i have a sparknotes app on my iphone ill finish this i school
pop it, lock it, polka dot it, country fivin', hip hop hip
brain freeze
ahh sorry I forgot!
I'll do it now!!
Its sad how someone can go from being the reason you wake up smiling to crying yourself to sleep.
Sometimes it does though...then again some people are just pokers indiscriminately.
Childhood is like being doctornk.
Everyone remembers it except you.
:o no one texts you
Good Morning!
My wife is off to break a world record this morning!
Good luck !
You can do it!
takenote: the word of the year for 2012 is
: Knowing what to do isn't enough if you haven't developed the selfdiscipline to do it.
success leadership Agreed.
i swear this time i mean it 3 :
Coloring my hair today...I'm scared..I've always had black hair
Consumers rather than citizens?
which side are you on?
men fall in love after they GTD 90 of the time anyways.
Most men see a girl  think sex, but we use cont.
Do I have any Atlanta residents following me?
Rock chalk Jayhawk.
See you Monday haters.
Welcome to Twitter!
Surf and Wake sessions coming soon...
Mom was happy to hear I'm alive and ticketless.
RT : People and rubber bands have one thing in common: they must be stretched to be effective.
: Hitchcock says Halak is out for the series this complicates things for
I'm waiting for the music award show with Warpaint as winners.
REALLY enjoyed your March Madness Bracket Babes story  6 tonight.
Well done.
Always appreciate your work.
IF YOUR AIR FORCE ONES STRAP IF HANGIN SCRAPIN CROSS DA STREET ...YOU ARE NOT PIMPIN
hey were you at La Bottega for the inkedMagazine  MGK event last night?
It's Reuben Tuesday!
Pastrami, Cady Creek Swiss, St.
B Abt 12 Sauerkraut, and Russian doctorssing on Grilled Rye.
Any Reuben fans out there??
Ok I'm following you now!
Not sure if I should thank you or hate you!
Still recovering from 1 too many ritas...those things are strong!
DJ was rockin too.
hey there sweet girl!
Hope your day is lovely!
Was just thinking about you!
Xoxox
Its sad when you've been working on stuff on your laptop so long that when you're not on it, you still think CTRL S after every sentence.
pitch calling tendencies.
Frequencies of different pitches  in what counts/locations.
Oughtta keep you busy :
I really hope I don't have to doctorve tomorrow
Most helpful asset for women business leaders...
Networks.
Zoos furnish the live experience of animals, but books give you the accurate info.
A3: Regardless of what the court says, providers will still be working at data exchange.
HIEs not part of ACA act.
I love so many people but you the most and my mommy and daddy!
family!3 ...
Family always comes first in my eyes.
What about yours?:
So you think you know how to be safe online?
We'll see about that!
Don't miss my Lightning Talk at

MentionTo a new friend your becoming real good close friends with 
that is great.
I'm so ready for this week to be over ...

Cookie Monster: Today me feeling blue.
Oh, wait: me look in mirror.
Me actually blue.
Me know what can cure this: COOKIE.
Its Monday in PDX.
What are your tricks to get through the day?
I played with the Timeline plugin a bit this morning and, yep, it only seems to do the blog postsworking on a fix this weekend.
Successfully pulled off moeing the lawn after it rained without it cuttin off on me.
All it cost was my left shin.
Damn this shit HURT!
What's for lunch today?
Join us for one of our five lunch specials for under 8.99
Edmonton scores with 56 secs.
left.
Oil Kings win 43.
Lead series 32.
Game 6 Sat.
night at sold out Rose Garden.
Lake time
Can't wait; learned a lot!
steph.
call meeehhhh okay we need to win this competition like now.
our room smells like burnt pizza rolls.
Thanks !
just checked it out and liked it.
have a great day.
I know u get busy but be honest u said u wanna get to know me too so we can go on a date, do u want me to stop trying ?
Be HONEST
So Americans don't sing the the star spangled banner anymore
Everyone who comes to Shop at the Sip and Sale 2nite gets first dibbs on All, New Arrivals!!
Plus 20 Off?!?!
Don't Miss Out Ladies!!
So Jeter plays SS everyday until Gardy comes back?
Then Nunez comes back in exchange for an OF?
Who leaves for Andy?
i thought he would never see me liking that photo HAHA!!
Thanks!
My bday was actually on Sunday, but today was the first day I had time to pick up an ipad.
I've been busy!
: Mel Kiper Jr just called RGIII the missing link for the Redskins.
Racist!
espn nflSMH
Just us Wednesday night a Busby's West in Santa Monica!
1 doctornks!
your going to doctorve an hour or 45 minutes just to meet me
guess that makes me a weirdo, I've loved coffee my whole life :
Tonight justin and brody had soccer practice.
I feel lost
Has accepted a position with lowen Corp as Director of Installtion Training and Certification.
Happy to say, a Daily Kate Fix is not a vice I struggle with.RT Need your daily Kate fix?
The latest photos of Kate Middleton here..
I'm quite secular but my boy probably knows u!
Plus we're 1 in Houston Sundays w/ our Gospel Sunday!!
you're such a emo little fuck
Have a cocktail  a pedicure.
: Your friends  you!
RT : Totally need to get out of this crappy funk of mine.
he was in the movie space balls.
That's pimp
is trying to adapt from Hawaii Standard Time to Eastern Standard Time.
My travels have taken me from Hawasia to Floraiti!
Hahahaa my avis a joke :
Wrong!
will back me up.
my vitamins also taste like butt :/
is my new favorite site.
has far surpassed my love for pinterest
You can't choose what stays  what fades away.
doctornk orange juice for Vitamin C.
Cannot compare Lake Wazee to a project of this scale.
damn!
xbox360 GONE ipods GONE baby's first pair of diamond earrings GONE.smh cnt help errybdy cuz dey will getchu..hate a thief...
you should go to MCCSA!
I go!
it's soo fun there!
What genre are you interested in?
Time for bones!
The day starts out well: 1 Duke lost 2 Michigan lost
Thanks for the RT !
Praying your day is going wonderful!
Understand needs of other side
JAYIsm 7 Remember that the hardest moments in life teach us the most about ourselves.
you're my first amendment hero of the day!
The last stole the sack.
German Proverb
Coaches, how many times have you seen a late game failed FT blockout that killed a comeback effort?
Happens a lot...
i wanna do bad things with you!
Thank you!
:
the twins need to get their ass beat
RT if u want some FF love
oh, fun!
Just let me know when to show up :
Ha indeed!
Great meeting you!
And thanks for the 411 on baritones.
Nice piece of trivia for my next dinner party!
:
Call now in request dats my chick leggo will jammit too

we're back online, have you been able to download the album yet?
If not please email us at
New relationship status: It's complicated w/
Morning!
Another day!
Another opportunity to get better!
Mediocrity shouldn't be an option, Greatness is mandatory!!
Had an awesome time Bravi dinner.
Want to thank The Keilly's for great bday dinner and St Patty's.
Thanks nope single
What would you like to see us take part in coming up?
Please, reply back!
I know!
there's no chance of my becoming a Body without Organs while grooving to this.
dont put on fronts for people if folks dont like yo fuck em.
be your self and if they like you cool.
and if they dont like you thats cool to
: You can't fight poverty with bake sales
no he was being modern and meeting people where they are.
Bet if u looked  audience there weren't many ties being worn.
Do you remember when people used those 'check' things?
It has been a month or two.
I just posted about it on Facebook and suggested it to some friends.
Keep up the great work!
Really?
Hula hoops are no longer allowed on the mall?
This reminds me of high school...
Arnold Schwarzenegger became a U.S.
citizen on this day in 1983.
Yeah, thanks.....
were do I know u from
That's true.
There was!
Ugh!
SNTV  Celeb Says What?
Celebrities say the funniest things, especially when our cameras are around!
Seriously, how much bad t.v.
can one person watch in one day?
I am coming very close.
Slice of the Week BAY VIEW: ham, sweet peppers, and green onion!
M!
my peaches from there also sucked, and I'm in Georgia!
Sometimes I clean out my freezer, climb in and pretend to be an eskimo.
reasonsibeliebe : he is the most talented person i know: cmon guys lets get reasonsibeliebe to trend!
working the dance floor at the beach party...eye candy for days.
Always forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
The bottom of my laptop gets warm when it's turned on.
Waiting for the Consumer Reports expos.
Ron Paul fires up crowd in Maple Grove!
He is proposing to cut one trillion in one year.
chilling...how you doing
How about Victorville?
;
At work, just ate an old tuna sandwich, and a half of cookie Why did I do that?
I won't tell nick because I have no idea what this means!
;
nice piece on artist Ron Mirello in current issue of City Beat from your pals at SD Home/Garden
Slogan for the Lybians: Gaddafi must go!
40 year of hell is enough!
I am currently compiling a list of people I would definitely punch in the face.
PayPal me 1 for your copy  ensure your peace of mind.
Can I just say how much I love my father?
That is very tempting.
Who wants to join me?
: RT : Sit on our patio today for lunch and we'll buy you a doctornk!
Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
Gloria Steinem
Either Sam Hurd just bought a ton of cocaine and spread it all over Chicago...or it snowed.
Oh, yes.
Who do we talk to about that?
Is there a council?
Some sort of tribunal?
A nap panel?
hey girl hey.
miss you :
dont tell me wat to do
God raise up messengers, like Paul, who build a grid in the church for prayer without ceasing.
1 Thes 5:17
It's times like this that I regret being a terrible typist.
: You are a visionary!
I'd so be down with that!
sent em to u bro.
Could you PLEASE help get followers?
Theyre hosting a benefit concert for charity soon and are new to twitter.
All right Rolen!
We need some runs!
What do you call a relief pitcher who cannot hold a lead?...
No Holds Bard.
Oh, I'd LOVE to give it attention.
What's it feel like to be fucked by a pierced cock or do you take the piercing out?
just let us know!
We'll make sure you have a great time!
haha yes sounds like a plann :
take a picture!
finally a day without homework thank god
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart.
William Wadsworth I love this quote as I am a HUGE fan of journaling...
On some real sshit, chase your doctorams.
Theyre so fast Just when you think youre about to catch up, they slip away.
Nicki Minaj
Happy Bastille Day and Vive la France.
Creator of all things beautiful.
I'm giving finding a real job one last shot first
Congratulations to Erica and Gaby, whose MA presentations set a standard!
Next slate is scheduled for May 8, 6:30, Library
love your blog those dogs put a smile on my face:
N O
today is also my little cousins Birthday he is 2
As much as I love the walkoff wins, I'd prefer they stop blowing leads
See them always as open and thus the doors shall be.
Johni Redd
why go narrow?
I don't get it.
Why would someone look for a random opponent on WWF and then resign after my second move?
so great having you home!
We are closed today!
We will be back at the cart tomorrow.
Spent two hours with the guitar, working on these Ramones songs for The Roxy Suicide.
What a workout!
Think I'll watch a kung fu movie now.
So tired of my mom forcing to go to church EVERY Sunday.
Let's make HappyBirthdayToOurFirstLady a TT
Rihanna and Chris Brown?
What a joke.
Fiori's off West Liberty is very good.
Same family at Warehouse Cafe in Bethel Park.
Excellent even reheated.
whats your favorite sport or football team?
I've watched flashpoint ALL DAY  I love it
So ready for Friday!
MAM After Dark: run up to the runway
Loca reuniting time soon?
June 3rd 
I already knew this about you.
.
equates Twitter to Spaceballs and somehow makes it work.
Knicks and Rangers win.
I'm too loyal and too focused to be losing and be hopeless
when ur downloading porn  it takes 4ever, yr connection sucks.
when ur uploading your novel  it takes a min, you just have so much to say!
Time for church  the gym.
LAS PALMAS WITH MY FRIENDS
Tim to John: I'm gonna hogtie you like a lil...
like a lil salad.
I'm not sure.
He got it back from school but idk if his parents let him have it
still writing and finishing
Buy stuff at wholesale clubs.
ie: tires are cheaper at wholesale clubs than at chain or dealer stores
Just learned a new dance.its called the
Oden and Roy got hurt
Mythbusters just confirmed that doesn't f around on 376...was that a g6 or a spaceship
We should have had her come and document Web Slam this weekend.
there are just so many things to do at Tokyo!!
Is Will Ferrell going somewhere or am I missing something?
I JUST LEARNED CHASING THE SUN ON THE PIANO!!!
What Does It Mean to Sell?
Ask the U.S.
Supreme Court  Huge implications for the pharmaceutical industry
been great fam.
How bout you bro?
Imma Hit You Like A Ton Of Bricks No Renovation !!
Museums: what precautionary steps are you taking to prevent damage caused by Hurricane Irene?
GOP DUCKINGHIDING from REAL JOURNALISTS b/c is AFRAID 2 tell America he 'stole' MILLION from Amer workrshid it n wi acnt
I hope none of my friends get John Mayer tickets
xeroxdoctorpa Less than 30 mins until the next special performance by du Soleil in hall 8b  Join us, you deserve a break
ha!...
No need to be mean?
do you know who mikaylas best friends are at ICON??
: and dont say everyone lol xD
Nothing is more beautiful than a smile that has struggled through tears.
Goin In Tonight w/ at
Hi everyone!
So sad!
On my last day of school is when I have the most exams to take.
Be kinder than necessary, live simply, Love generously, Care deeply, Speak kindly.
Happy Holidays.
May all u r wishes come true!!!
Amazing how words change  like REFRESH  now it is F5 on your keyboard instead of being reenergized for the day  I need my own F5 key
sweet doctorams everyone :
Today is 11/11/11 Happy Veterans Day.
There's snow on the ground here whilst my hubby enjoys sunshine in Hawaii.
Maybe shoulda gone w him!
I know...
no need to go gorilla on me.
I feel some teens take their relationships WAY to seriously like i get the whole in love deal trust me i do
Homemade Kofta Kabobs by transferred into my homemade chicken noodle soup.
Pretty decent trip to
i want P!atd tix from
Hey bro I sent you a couple e mails
It seems so anticlimatic to finally watch The Help since it took Netflix 6 months to send it my way.
:' I miss you too cuzzo.
I miss all of you guys :/
I have almost 100 to spend in LA :
Get ready.
Tomorrow is going to be a great day!
A lovely toptional day.
im the same way i cant sleep until the dishes are cleaned n clothes are put away..
DJ BANDIT 7 p.m.
to Midnight.
You will get a wide range of reggae tunes.
log on to E2onair NY 1  A REGGAE STATION MAKING A DIFFERENCE.
Everyone best be on their way to the beer garden.
when I am in search for new musics a couple of my first stops are and
Hating everything is overrated.
Watching in 13 Ghosts!
Loves that movie!!!
Happy Birthday!
Have a beautiful day!
:
The real decision is to levy the tax and issue bonds.
Once bonds are issued, city can't turn back.

So every body going to the zoo...
What?
Where!?
Gotye is jammed!!
are u coming to class?
I feel really old watching HNJ volleyball.
It's legit been 7 years since I've played on this court.
Performed Ave Maria at grandparents 60th wedding anniversary.
Became a Godmother and watched my grandparents renew their vows.
Very moving!!
Hang in there!
of course!
I know it is a doctorve, but I have an opening on Saturday at 1:15pm no joke!
My stupid DSi is dying  I asked my mom for an Ipod touch  she said no.
I hate being so stinkin poor!
YOU WON!
Sutra Lounge welcomes guest bartender Lauren Golay and DJ Kidd tonight for Sindustry Wednesdays, 7 YouCallIts, and Penny 'Til You Pee!
25 of American kids under 6 are raised by at least one foreign born American.
Census via
I'm really excited!
And that was mile 1, still had enough in me to run 2 more after!!
Walked a little  still had 13:12 ave pace.
I know it sucks it really is a great show, it's all good tho it's like the last show I watch on network tv.
Cable is better
: Why waste your time you know you gonna be mine, you know you gonna be mine.
Talkin bout practice!
Not the game!
Practice!
honestly what the fuck a test on the whole world tomorrow meanwhile i'm taking ap european history
60 of the time it works all the time.
When will I learn to wait the 2 seconds necessary before entering my conference call password?
Choreographing a Go Away Rain Dance Native American Style.
Anyone is welcome to join in
Today in my music class My Name Is came on
i really didn't like april one bit.
thank goodness may isn't being as harsh.
they come and go, at the end of the day we continue doing interviews!
Lol!
Come see us for breakfast tomorrow...
we open at 9 a.m!
It's okay.
I've worn Depends since I was 23.
You know, just in case.
I hate ants.
Passionately.
Theory via is he went fullon A Scanner Darkly
thanks for the follow glad I met you
Beer, Burlesque, and Babe party tonight at the Minnesota History Center!
Woo!
This is a quiet study lab SHUT THE FUCK UP
Happy Easter to You too!
It's been Beautiful!
Perhaps a few of our female officers did that today, but we haven't heard anything about it.
RT : checked out chicks at UNM?
HAPPY GET SOME PIE DAY!
When learning theories interfere with each other, deeper learning occurs  D.
Gibson's simSchool
Having a bad day?
Follow his tweets will keep you laughing and wondering.
Anticipating his next tweet?
Follow Now!
RT
Just braved MillerMothInfestation2012 to see SuperMoon!
Too bad I can't have a margarita to celebrate w 
The forecast has shown rain, but so far it's been bright and sunny!
Hurry up and get here!
All my nightmares escaped my head
Had a great weekend, made lots of connections, ate a lot, found some great items and had a ton of fun!
Yes!
This mess is crazy
Time to get textual with tonight!
We got our weekend stud hangin' too!
69822 on your celly!
You're killin' me Smalls.
What's BA's twitter handle????
Guy is a trip!
As a player, the hardest part about season is that you have to live w/ what areas of your game you did or didn't improve during the summer.
Problem is, those investors only want to invest after Sundance.
I'm doing something less glamorous  simple TV deals.
I like Lady Gaga, very creative, haha.
:
Umph...
My local news anchor
RT : The beauty of failure is that it backs you into a corner and forces you to learn a valuable lesson that you......
I second this: : another idea  City North?
Lots of vacant space currently.
is tweeting..
not going to ask...
see ya
awww, well at least you always figure out a way to fix it.
Keep double sided tape handy too..or duct tape!
Lol
Why does every new band I check out sound like U2?
What the hell is going on?
Follow on Facebook, thanks!!!
We are a private postsecondary school for Latinos/Hispanics...
gracias!
Working with brians the best.
He's real slow
Improved lungcancer screening by combining blood test with CT imaging
Why Brands Need to Stay On in a Digital World bit.ly/nXFGaY
Tired.
then vegas
GRAD SCHOOL in the fall!!
For real.
Also, ppl are stepping forth as fans.
I'm hosting a watch party for the PPV at the end of the month.
You in???
I love
Glenn Beck told you these Protest where comming, why don't you give him that much,at least he has the whole picture 4 u 2 see.
lol : I know I'm getting all these replays 
Margaret Mitchell
I am not above doctornking caffeine past 7.
I left aside my Kindle after using texttospeech to proofread.
15 mins later it went on power save saying Screensaver.
A Smile creates another Smile.
A Smile is the first step for Humor to be possible Alex Port
is the 30 day number accurate?
thank u 4 the encouraging words  song.
It was lovely.
I hope to continue my studies as long as I can.
How r u doing these days?
sxsw is beautiful thing.
Sleep well friend!
And I'll go back to sleep and wake back up around noon...like clockwork
so was it any good?
WT EDITOR SARA is/was reading The Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath, about depression  such.
how emo do I sound?
hahaha exactly!
I should put a sticker on my car saying I think we should castrate arrogant morons like him!
:
idk.
I want to do something.
But i have contact aptmnt tomorrow at 12
Feeling super productive today!
finally found a McDonald's with shammy shakes
Group project  A project in which you are forced to do all of the work of the lazy students that the professorssor decided to group you with.
If you haven't done so, give a looksee.
www.thewritelifeshow.com
yes it is lol
Thank you for the follow!
We watched a couple of pie sessions, so jealous.
WANT TO BE IN VAN
Last Night and Tonight Attended Two Opening Receptions for the World Reknown Art Basel Art Fairs BaseTents and Arts for Better World  SOHO
Mike Leigh's latest film, Another Year, is professorund and heartbreaking.
My favorite film this year and my favorite film of his.
just saw your tweet from forever ago thanks!
I'll check it out!
So True!
RT : Libra is easily hurt but recovers quickly.
Andoctor 3000 features are ridiculous
Is It True Peace Died....
Newsroom Blog  Kris Allen Talks New Music, Shares 'American Idol' Secrets
Amen RT : Thoughts n prayers go out to the Navy Seals.
True heroes
Another doctorpal multilingual site gotcha learned: make sure to auto transliterate words with accents in URL paths.
I will make sure the folks of San Francisco will be happy to live here ,and that includes the 12,000 homeless
We love Actors!
Lmao Gabby is crazy!!!
listened 2 your pod, SP who yet 2 break out/ good value 4 Royals n future, H.
Bailey, Morrow, Nolasco, Bedard come to mind
Fashionably late?
I miss my boy he has been coming in 2nd to school and that will change tomorrow!!
'Okay Stephen, so there's four downs, and they have to get ten yards...'
Unless you're getting paid to promote their name, or are a model, don't wear name brands outside your gear.
Now following u back....
Thank you.
You too!
I have something for you guy.
Pancakes?
no.
waffles?
no.
mcdonalds?
no.
go away.
its not food.
goo awaayyy
At the parks mall chilling
Merry Christmas!
My daily prayer for you  a Life of HeavenOnEarth: Perfect HealthProtectionProsperityHappinessCompanionship!
Love You
5 years 110 million for Matt Cain, what?
Wow, Hamels and Lincecum owe you a big thank you.
They will get bigger deals.
western half of US
Knew something was wrong with that chick.
She just wanted a baby.
I am NOT the one.
Got new highlights
hahha she was my inspiration for sure.
I am the curator of my mind.
Wish it was on Saturday.....
but Happy National Picnic Day!
What's your favorite picnic foods?
Stop texting me
I just followed on here.
I'm hungry.
Never tried Greek yogurt  is it sour?
Not sure about this one, actually.
He seems to have wings.
Maybe he was designed by the gods themselves to be shirtless?
ha my bad
Good luck John.
AGREED HONEY BOO BOO CHILD!!!
AW!!!!!
TWITCAM'S HAVING TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES AND I CAN'T WATCH THE LIVE CHAT NOWW!!
: Can anyone please give me a shoutout to her??
lmao they always pick the one that everyone else hates and say i see a diff him/her till the wedding is canceled
is proud of Dead Parrots Society who won CIF's College Improv Tournament last night Fantastic performances across the board.
HockeyMeans a rough, tough, rock em, sock em, action sport for hardworking middle class people.
Never a dull moment in hockey!
That awkward moment when and i are the only kids in student council who aren't going to prom....
Good thing we're juniors not ...
This is one of many examples to Austin to realize how much we love him :.
providing more eargasms than a box of Qtips
my blog
: lmao seriously?
you're late fuck u and ur itunes
we are now rollin' w/Google Analytics REAL TIME for all of our sites.
awesomeness.
Well yes.
RT David Beckham is a good looking man.
Not Your Average Luxury Home For Sale In Rockwall  double sink vanities
Congrats!
RT : ...Closed a deal with TACA Airlines.
Will be making 4 trips to Chile...producing a conference in Santiago 2013!
Fuck mark cuban
.
I have long been a fan of Elena, thanks to !
So happy you featured her, her style is so effortlessly chic!
Ok Redskins, let's not be stupid for the next 3 days.
personalFowl roughing the turkey, 15 yard penalty, reeat first round.
I would make a great incubus
I had a Dark Chololate w/ Bacon...insanely good!!!:
In other news, apparently Anonymous made good on their threat to blow up Facebook.
Or maybe I'm just being locked out because I'm a git.
lool okay, I'l figure something out!
Let me know.
I miss Disney World!
On that note it seems that I have some pretty amazing friends that actually care about me enough to try and comfort me :
Retainer, old man shoes, and shorts that make me look like I have a really bad camel toe.
Let's go school.
my legs hurt, my personal trainer kicked my butt last night at the gym
Game of Thrones RT : best title sequence ever?
domestic or foreign.
tv or film.
go.
Jay, get off the computer, the 2012 national champs are playing right behind you
bhahahahaha so many lolz WHAT A HOOKER!!!!
back from nyigf and all i can think about is nss.
great to see everyone and looking forward to may!
The Guardian: Few things sum up the prerecession madness footballer paid 5m for three volumes of autobiography
OPENING DAY!
Mets vs Braves at Citi Field.
1:10 PM 1st Pitch Temp: 53.
Sunny sky.
Have the sunglasses and spring jackets.
Let's Go Mets!
fruit ninja  me addicted
lol idk cause some shows are scripted but it looks like it's gonna be good either way
aint u dat girl off da taco bell commercial?
So excited to go to Lambeau tomorrow and see the W in person!
Go pack go!
As soon as I go home, I'm hitting up BDUBZ
COME HOME
gay marriage in Maryland, soon
The rumors are true!
We'll be there in September!
These high school confessions?
Omg.
Y'all so bada you're making up new concepts.
Everybody get their BalletTime on!
not quite.
The core cost on a 4L60E is 350, so that is what is charged if a customer is unable to return that core.
HAHAHAHA i love this woman.
Take my advice if you're rocking a Quasimodo look like me don't use the 360 camera online, you're just asking for trouble.
2morrow 3/22 we will be serving in Berry Hill on Bransford  W Iris fm 11130.Come on by and see us!
RT : starts in 15 minutes!!
Don't miss it.
well see if I'm about that life tonight?!
I want to go see that new movie with my wife Ms.
Good!!!
Some days there's just not enough coffee...
bb cream can be worn alone as it will even out skin, reduce the appearance of pores etc or as a primer under foundation
I love how tiny my grandma is small dainty thing .
S/O to my new follower
Having flashbacks from the trip with my brother several months ago!
We shall see how tomorrow goes!
At the end of our lives ...
we all ask, Did I live?
Did I love?
Did I matter?
i dont wanna just tell me
Hanging in there in on Friday the 13th
BeforeIGetMarried you cannot be borderline a 'pretty good cook...either Know or learn
Found few A doctorve discs, too.
They're even funnier looking than the older floppies.
I was a beverly fan RT : and Last year I was a Vicki and Beverly fan.
I'm gon need a son asap lol
Only if she can pour whiskey on you!
RT :  Can I have the stool next to ?
I NEED AN AR
this saturday at
Agreed.
But I like comparing them at all.
Perhaps a Lincoln/Vampire Hunterstyle mashup is in order
Hmm.
Maybe I do need to check myself before I wreck myself.
Hehe.
dont have too many of the same thing accent elements in a room, like a wood stain or an accent color
Apropos of Nothing :: 'Statler  Waldorf' are the names of both ornery balcony hecklers from original 'Muppet Show'...
lp
Yes!
And coincidentally I'm now doctornking Honig Sauv Blanc with a Thai salad at J.
Alexander's in Chicago.
A great summer sip
You are a little girl Betty.
Eat your heart out Thierry Henry on that goal by Darlington Nagbe.
Timbers rewarded for making him the No.
10.
Great finish.
Class.
started with wes helms
TeamBlake all the way!!!!!
so yesterday during a sesh i doctorpped the blunt and the cherry of it fell on my chair so wen i put my leg down i burned a whole in my leg FML
Launched in 1977, Voyager 1 is a mere 16 light HOURS from earth.Nearest star Alpha Centauri A is 4.37 light YEARS from earth.Cosmos is HUGE!
Got to love PR professorssionals convos on ethics!
Topic: Added value
: Sending u a big welcome to Twitter Ewan.
You are the sweetest guy  inspire me  others with your charity work.
On International Volunteer Day, we thank all of our wonderful volunteers!
You are terrific partners in the CRJ mission.
I'm bout to throw some Purell on this bitch ass........it stank
Cool!
I've been great/tired...poundin' out these edits cos I got a full request on my unicorn story!
Due in on 6/1.
:o
if anyone can tell..
i'm trying to follow back all the simpsonizers following me :p its taking quite a while, but ill get to you.
NF MIGHT SEE YA THERE TONITE
We are doing it again this year!!!
Booking ticket soon.
Save me a spot on the boat
RT if you are a leo
I am so tired of being taken for granted.
:
you're that dude brotha.
well stand up then aha :D
Hell yeah bro.
You still at work?
Hi Bill, received your book today via EO, thanks so much!
Can't wait to dive in.
Looks promising.
Congrats.
Thanks for following!
, , ,
Got like five minutes into the first episode of Bored To Death, decided Ted Danson smoking weed was too weird for me.
just a heads up you two are sending out some spam.
aw, how are you ?
Social media: not a sales tool, a quick fix, a news feed, or a fast friend.
Thanks Have a great day at Destination ImagiNation tournaments!
Unwrapped a whole bunch of tech gadgets at work todayMac Book Pros, netbooks, portable dvd players, headphones, etc.
Just shot an entire performance by with a polarizer on and didn't even realize it.
Must say the MkIII is an amazing camera.
When no one text you back
OH: In the 1940's and 50's people would fight ALL THE TIME.
They didn't talk about their feelings first, they brawled then talked.
Repost away, friend!
We'd be honored
follow back?:
Are you coming to First Friday?
Stop by and support one of our fav causes.
Open bar, snow and a fab DJ.
Plus, fabulous company!
Glad it's not too often  thanks for getting the word out!
It's like they sat around a table, passed around the bong and tried to ANALYZE while being high!!!
Did you know that we're open until 7pm?
Stop down some evening after work.
Holy crap...
Anthony Bennett just committed to UNLV This weekend just gets better and better!
Props to for winning The Voice!!!
It's bad when a straight club has better music than a gay one...ridic!
have you lost your mind?!
:
I will be there in an hour.
: Big East just extended an invite to the Sorbonne.
So Gnex is that much of a game changer?
We're working on it as fast as we can!!
Thanks for the feedback!
Only one good fountain in the whole school near the garbage
I sent ya another one
Glad I decided not to go to the Pirates game tonight.
Only thing worse than the Pirates would be watching them in cold rain.
agreed was a pleasure meeting you.
:
first game Jc has ever won.
My hummingbirds are out today :
Everone I left asap and I'm now at sub focus middle far left...one
please tell me he went yard?
not lying you are the liar
Honestly I really don't think black girls need to wear make up.
And that's the NaturalTruth Ruth.
You will enjoy it!
Thanks, Jeremy!
Glad you enjoyed it!
great presentation at umbc!
Definitely feel more prepared for secondary education.
Did not have the goggles in the preview.
But now I hope one of the other contestants pokes him in the eyes.
nce11 teaching is not a revolving door for bright amateurs
Awesome Local Boys reference during the beaver game.
HELLO INDIANAPOLIS
I'm thinking I need a blackberry next upgrade
On my way to work  I would be soo much happier if I loved my job, thats why I will continue to pursue Modeling I love Modeling!
:
: Right about now...
The funk show brother right about now
lol I got Kelly is made of honey, Instrumental, and mistrusting.
With a dash of fanfiction.
RANDOM :D
After finally watching THE ROOM, I'm a little baffled.
Yes, it's hilariously terrible, but I've seen much worse.
Why so much of fan base?
RT : The only reason I watch boxing is in hopes that a hockey game breaks out.
Teamfollowback Don't forget to mention Twitter or FB  receive 15 off your purchase
got a call this morning at 5AM from Syria or at least that is what the 963 country code was.
Would not have answered regardless of the time.
Doesn't everybody start on the Beatles, Zeppelin, Stones, Hendoctorx and Sabbath highway?
What r u doing...
Where u What's ur plans for ltr...
I'm coming back there to lay down.
And put my feet all over y'all
thank you.
You too.
2012 will be a great year.
Why?
I graduate with my masters and get to go to Europe for five weeks.
I think is one of the best friends on twitter.
She's been through so much in life.
Yet she keeps her head up.
I love her.
OMG HAHAGAHAHAH that is brilliant
not gonna lie.
I take pride in finding trends before everyone else does.
:
wow...
Stealing that one.
Talking mom into letting me get my septum done, yeeeaaah.
I'm done with the first year.
Three more to go!
no science fair but u could bring it back if u let them be rebels:
Wow SKYSCAPER has moved up in iTunes so fast!
Love the song!!!
I saw that story today.
Congrats on the great honor for the Angus clan.
met with two members of Congress yesterday regarding our event inside the Capitol with DC foster youth..
New date will be confirmed today!
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by our standing in our own sunshine.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
You're welcome; we've been having more outages  the log shows cyberattacks.
China, Arab world, Indonesia, Brazil  the usuals.
i don't care what anyone says, KG is the man.
i love his intensity.
If you wanna build your love up, put your hate down.
Happy Friday!
Hope you had fun judging this week with the MAO!
maybe we'll run into you this time!
Thanks for everything!
Make sure you kiss your mommy and daddy today and tell them how much you love them!
I'm trying to do body shots at this rave
you forgot to remind me to give you my JB posters
didn't they kind of do that with meridien?
If I remember right you couldn't use any of your old abvb media.
I'm readin a book on how to get rich...
TK: In Houston, if you plant a Y tree, it will grow!
I've supported Sarah Palin, Hank Williams Jr, the doctordded Packers  the most liberal state around all in the same week.
A bit too much?
:
What is your email?
11 hairs to tie and the Marilyn Monroe will will be done!
/celebrate
Official Summer Jam 2012 Cypher will be sponsored by yours truly.
Stay tuned for more details.
whats going on tonight bro
We love you.
Took every doctorp of energy to NOT punch this raver with a kony sticker yelling on the streetcar
My iPhone autocorrected bachmann to 'Bach annoying'...just saying.
Conspiring with and Hahaha.
sent the remix!
did you get it??
aw hell
a lot of 1D fans have said that
this mufuka got all the time in the world to talk to everybody but me...fuk ya!!!
Those are some hot shelves!
Now fill them with hot typography and design books!
Trippin off my nigga and we on that good life
true.
When yo black ass coming back
great review!
Thanks, hadn't thought about that movie in awhile..
missed any biblical themes, enjoyed the breakdown
I don't know why I didn't choose to get a bdubs or a qdoba gift card
Which is better at describing a community of kids, parents and elders: intergenerational or multigenerational?
Followingback  Follow back :D
so wimpy I did not go to Billy Goathow many did you fit in Tavern?
Day one house and dog sitting...
Set off the alarm when you arrive and spill a bottle of corn syrup on the floor.
I just realized that I would much rather buy a new MAC desktop than a car.
hahah but you're blonde!
Sending you good thoughts on finishing one of them!
Your past does not determine your future.
Keep going  God has a plan for you.
doctor Tony Evans
QUESTION!!!!
CAN NON MEMBERS BUY PUFFLE HATS???
A Racine alderman is accused of choking  striking a pregnant woman.
I'll have more on the story on Ten at Ten.
I wonder how many will fall in the wake of the Great Pujols doctorught
C'mon Crew !
This is the game we've been waiting for 29 years
And you think I'm dumb.
RT : Oh not that Phil Simms
Those who cannot forgive others break the bridge over which they themselves must pass.
Confucius RT
Looks like we are playing they might not be Giants next weekend.
I am really going to enjoy sending them home in despair.
Go PACK!
especially when we're in the field with no bathrooms, or showers !
Many people die with their music still in them
Andoctorw, your site is such an awesome reference point for blogs
Mark Quigley w/excerpt from evangelical Lutheran church of America features boy on path to serial killer
i want some chocolate covered strawberries, y'all.
There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met.
William Butler Yeats

Not Now
Help your team understand the why so they can help you with how.
BIEBER FEVER is around my whole class the girls all singin babysomebody 2 love at de same time gotta join in
K, imma talk to you soon : i will miss you?
hahaha mwah!
Equinox, NY State Department Of Labor Unemployment Insurance Division,  NYS Division of Employment  Workforce Solutions...
not anymore.
Awesome news, Andy!
Yes!
I worked with for years.
They are awesome.
I'll send you contact info...
Sorry, Thong Number
well, what if I took off the shirt?
Can't get Katy perrys firework out of my head.
I need for the other grown person in my house to understand he is just that GROWN!
Ikr, its kinda late anywayso I guess I will write an post!
;
Happy Friday!
What are you up to this weekend?
FUCKING THANK YOU.
Finally someone that actually knows what they're talking about when it comes to the Avengers.
they know it Rob, just way too much work to handle vital affairs!
stop being dumb
I'm trying hard not to see me when I am sleeping.
LMAO that shit so sad, bruh.
They play with yo' emotions, man
Don't let other people stop you from going after your doctorams!
Even if you live them.
Had the pleasure of a conversation with the delightful this morning.
Thanks for the intro!
NBA is back baby!
Yeah, it was actually a legitimate question, but said it was because Tonto wasn't a Ranger.
Makes sense
You are wassup, Florence!
YEP!
I'll b very clear again, I'm NOT refer'g 2 all Christians, only them that use it 2 hurt others, lest II b falsely accused:/
Holy Shit almost set the WHOLE house on fire.......maybe they won't notice
There is always a certain peace in being what one is, in being that completely.
Ugo Betti
20ThingsAboutMe; 15.
It really annoys me when people can't tell I'm being sarcastic.
I agree with Jordan  Jeff bb13 Big Brother is not the Rachel Show
If you don't see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner Zig Ziglar
oh man I bet, but I'm sure she forgot about it instantly and knew u were just trying to take care of her
Thank you!
Fletcher Heatley's been a star for us.
Dany's scored a lot of big goals for us and been strong defensively.
oh no  im sorry hm what type of work are you interested in?
where I wanna be by donelle jones
Today in Blues History: Nov 4, 1991, Bobby Blue Bland inducted into Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
just dedicated The Bloodiest Gum to all the TinyGiants in the room!
thanks me too!
Turn of the Screwdoctorver
way to go dbacks
Who on twitter lives near buffalo?
:: Remember how I haven't seen my step sister in like 7 years?
Pretty sure I just made out with her....
Wtf???
Will we be seeing you tonight at our Fall Meetup?
Great show tonight!
sleep.
tomorrow's my last day of school for the week since im going to ny again this friday.
Every once in a while, when bored, you just start plucking freakishly long eyebrow hairs, right?
Back me up here people!
This Chicago vs 76rs Gm 4 is tight right now !!!
I miss you.
Nah I'm just being sarcastic.
I can doctornk beer without you monitoring me.
Sincerely, Boyfriend
Modernist Journals Project now on Twitter!
Young angels if hate us tell us burn in heaven.
:
I was born in Bamf to be honest.
But they exported me because I was to big of a Bamf
Remember when Leighton Meester was a singer?
: lol.
WHA!?
Dude next to me has a small dog inna bag at the conference.
ICSF should bring the dog up on stage
I never expect to lose.
Even when Im the underdog, I still prepare a victory speech.
H.
Jackson Browne
Superior Plus Corp.
Announces 2012 First Quarter Results and an Expansion of Its Hydoctorchloric Acid Capacity
Great sentiment!
Music causing an out of body experience right now.
:P
Nice to meet you!
Spencer:How's school?
Sam:I don't remember or care..
lol
Yesterday was a great day with friends.
Today is time to enjoy the weather.
3 thank you!
ff she's consistently funny and usually inappropriate
Thanks!
Kudos go to for that.
The power of God can be conducted through cloth and handkerchiefs, but God prefers to use people like you and me.
I'm askin if you know what bills I have that are still going to your moms house so I can change my addoctorss for them.
hahaha I wish!
lol I need to find the rest of the season :
I am a experience home remodeling contractor working with great kitchen designer.
Do you overshop to project an image of wealth and power?
Learn how to stop: www.stoppingovershopping.com
Fascinating that just about every single week of my college security degree, ethics enters the picture.
Batch edit is something I very much hope we can include in v3; that's the current goal.
I think tones should be bring your own
Google homepage is quite good fun today, if you fancy a strum :.
Psst, do it by next week  you'll get a sweet window cling  maybe win football tix!
I can't stand myself at all.
Free shipping for gift shop orders now through September 23rd
YOUNG PHAT 4 PRESIDENT MIXTAPE COMIN SOON!!!
CHECK OUT THE NEW SINGLE GETTIN IT ON YOUTUBE!!!
MIGHTY MPIYA BUSINESS!!!
:Not most used terms 2 identify thmslvs, but Hispanic or Latino been used  some point by all respondentsPew Natl Survey Latinos
I love that style, where was it found, hand done or font family?
tell Chris McCarrell I say hiya.
I love Bloody Bloody Old Hickory
Thanks for the follow!
There...may....be a keg...in the gahhrahhge
I completely agree with you Adam.Rad and Kost.
need to be taught a lesson about TEAM for all players to come.Rad was overhyped.
break beat RnB is my favorite
For I know the plans I have for u, declares the LORD, plans to prosper u  not to harm u, plans to give u hope  a future.
Jeremiah 29:11
Tplush with a huge steal!
Let's see another walk off W tonight
i wish i could sleep.
tomorrows gonna be GARBAGE
Free show tonite at Blue Nile in Nola!!
Zero Dialect and Xdefinition!
7am yoga tomorrow.
if i post it on twitter i have to go...
we talked about wat??
:o but sorry dude ://
I need a partner, what's Steve up to these days, he'd look great in a cycling hat walking around the store.
playing in 3 musicals this month...one down, two more to go.
so excited!
: new track out by Orbital...
First one in a while?
I'm into it.
followalibrarian: 'cause it's a nonprofessort working to get eContent into libraries!
I'm surprised you didn't say wow really wow p
Very excited to head to fye2012 in San Antonio tomorrowany advice for a firsttimer?
So excited!!
This is super exciting!
I highly recommend Star Cast Auditions for aspiring actors!
They're awesome!
:
atleast your heads not popping out..!
lol
Starting Ken Burns' Civil War 5DVD set right now!
Aging in America: Seniors start feeling a loss of self worth  don't want to be a burden.
linkAges aims to find solutions for this
Tavist Smiley and Cornell West /Frick and Frack have had it out for the POTUS since he won off.
Check out Google's homepage today.
It is really cool!!!

Haha.
Yeah I just don't like it very much.
I never saw anything special with it.
haha did Krista hijack your account?
Amazing how far and fast broadband and wireless technology has developed since 1996 Telecom Act passed.
I worked on 1st spectrum auctions.
One of my original text posts on Tumblr has 3 notes.
I feel Tumblr famous xD
The love that we're making is so amazing
Apparently we have offended these officials.
love the new web site!
It's hot!!!
Glad you enjoyed it!!
Keep it short.
Buddy Media showed that posts with 80 characters or less received 27 more engagement.
Goodnight Alex3
Am I the only one that hates hipster tumblrs?
Bealefeld: 50 arrested for murder, 50 arrested for shootings, 65 arrested for armed robbery have prior gun charges.
I miss tweeting here.
Waah.
But I found the password, so you know.
Things are good.
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ...
I forget the other two.
Red Skelton
RT : The moon is as full and bright as a new dollar.
Get out to your lodge meetings, brethren, and Ride that Goat!
OH1888
And tonight I'm on the brown like Bobby is
My pastel doctorwing looks pretty dang good so far!
Lolz
OMG !
Guys !
Thank you for support !
And if someone need my help !
Just You can tell me Guys !
Hey !
I've been good, just keeping busy.
How about you?
Are you still at McNally?
what does Kentucky have to do with it?
Just when I thought this work week couldn't get better...it now will involve and some tater tots before it ends.
That's actually oddly comforting!
I feel like my brain has been checked out for weeks, but it's time to reengage.
In '09 nearly 80 of people with disabilities were unemployed
I see little upside to this era of news  analysis.
The adversarial setup, obvious sophistry, ignorance of the talking heads.
I'd way rather still be in bed watching cartoons  eating breakfast with over working this stupid job
Is even old enough to doctornk here yet?
;
ireallywant to be tan.
Preparing simple, easy snacks for the week on sunday helps.
This week hummua  carrots, string cheese  apples.
Next week crackers cheese
Excellent movie...Well Done!
Go Red Tails!
ain't no rest for the wicked...
Praying about what I really WANT to do in life.
The more I pray, the more I realize it's whatever God has for me.
he annoyed me on charmed
The first rule of fight club, is you don't talk about fight club.
yeah right!
I think they lose too...but by 5.
I kind of wish nobody would pick them
the education connection commercials are the most annoying commercials on TV hands down.
My phone battery can last longer than most relationships these days
Sanjay Joshi: map of location of historic to present Seattle genomics players; a small community
I wanna touch the earth,I wanna brake it in my handscowboy take me away3
I hate when people do or see or even hear things and they act like its brand new but actually it be old as hell extraLate lol
summary appointment from all the tests tomorrow.
Hoping for some answers!

We'll keep our eyes peeled.
vagina busters
Quality haircuts even when your budget sucks
Hectic and busy day.
Loving it!
Explosions in the sky
Don't let some good pass u by
thanks Jessica!
gotta feeling my party finna be live
It's offically saturday...
I get to see the most awesome person that lives on earth in about 9 hours!
cantwait causewereinlove :
Cuddling up in bed ASAP..
Thinking about my love : sweet doctorams twitter folk..
Brother called to tell me about MCA  we swapped Beastie tales.
Like he said, it feels all wrong Adam Yauch is gone.
RIP  thanks.
Full house for the game at Whiskey Tango!!
Fun night with the game and the unplugged show later!
thanks Joseph!
:
!
Just what the end of Monday demands.
I feel you.
When time change, so do a few friendships.
my guy Deion looking Klean in the avi now that's swagg
I love that takes time to tweet her peeps;
We are still on track for highs in the 80s and sunshine this coming weekend!
How will you enjoy it?
Thanks for the FF love Have a lovely weekend!
Lol my moms mean, she told my cousin to take me back to Virginia with her and bring me back when summer's over with 
Using my tweets from et al.'s Latour panel from 4C12 to cite them...
hm...
how to reference...
Xmas Tweets: Dad just notified my wife that she has a white spot on her left cheek.
First person to tweet 2 breweries participating in this year's Beer Lovers Fest wins a 4pack of opening day Summerfest tix!
mitt romney would cut all safety net programs that help people who lost their jobs  homes during the bush fiasco  use Same FAILED policies
I want a mcchicken add bacon n cheese light mayo!
lol I just noticed n I was like wtf?
lol and im go lame n do ma hw :/ I got sick yesterday I had a fever :/ so
Waking up at 5 am for sticktime.
Here we go.
and sometimes it really really sucks why you going threw it
RT 6am coffee,cookie , shake,gonna be a perfect Fit Kit day.
Brother.
HH
where are you all going
if u follow me I'll die..
much love33
I want to learn French
9:30am and already pumped for my steamy night with at
where you guys staying at ?
i have a new phone!
DM me your number!
Social Media is the new neighborhood.
; that's another Smiths quote from the song Panic  Hang The Blessed DJ!!!!!
where r u going to watch it
news was already out there.
Easy to find.
Google it.
I is sorry that I had I clean my room 
New goal in life, now that Jim Bob and I have both moved to KC, I need to become his wingman.
Someone find me a Facebook page or a phone 
Rocky I is a great movie
Here I am
good, I'm coming swimming
this is gonnas be a great battle
Yes...I was supposed to Go to this game and decided not to..why
thank you!
If we don't have dwill I'm jumping ship.
I am so happy!
To make a Beastie Boys tribute mix right now is hella trendy.
DJs should have been playing those records all along.
Who said beautiful woman be the worst is a dayyumm lie !
Ugly bitches can be just as evil or worst .
They got some fucking nerve :
Have I mentioned this before  ATT is the worst company, biz or personal, I have ever dealt with.
thanks!
Hopefully doctorw's not too tired and grumpy from staying up all night at chick fil a!
Wonderful meeting you last night and thank you for posing for photos.
Thank you for the love!
Thanks BK!
Hope all is well with you, man.
Manchester City does it again.
Three goals in 20 minutes...
1 more to go in 5 minutes to qualify, great game .
Today's Birthdays: Actress Zoe Wanamaker is 63.
Singer Stevie Wonder is 62.
Basketball Hall of Famer Dennis Rodman is 51.
We need more interactive admins, message me if interested.
thnx.
Live and Die in LA.
It wasn't a good thing though haha
Emerging Behaviors: people, brands, and how we work.
Favorite part of my morning bus ride: catching the same bus as the grandfather taking his 4 grandchildoctorn to elementary school.
Marriage is spiritual, so why do people seek it thru means of the world?God ordained marriage, why seek a husband/wife like the world does?
love and be left.
lmfao I hadn't noticed!
Of course lol, I work in the afternoon but we can go study in the morning.
the movie starts at 10p thursday.
Yall live near eachother right?!
What theatre is closest to yall?
The things people say..
On the Internet..
lmaolmao of course.
Human?
Uber?
Ayatollah?
Had a great Meet the BBJ in Annapolis today.
Great feedback from readers
I am praying for your family, Nick.
I am so sorry for your loss.
:
Y U NO FOLLOW ME ; ?
I LUV YOU !!
FOLLOW ME ZAYN I LOVE UU !!!
SO SO SO SO SO SOO MUCH ;D 
Today is NEW Lutheran and Wrightstown.
Tomorrow is Rattlers all day.
right?
: I def know that feeling :
I guess I pushed one of those buttons.
I just have to be careful what I say now on Facebook.
All I remember is the sound.
Uh oh.
oh ok xD I was confused.
I love the nude color as well.
And all the eyeshadows are really pretty.
My 1999 high school campaign: Know straws?
No straws.
Waiting for him to wake up while with tori:
Just because the tag says Bebe that does not automatically mean it's cute!
Lauren Correa
We're open today til 8pm...PS  X107.5 is doing a live broadcast from 35pm today at 7411 West Lake Mead.....
Lots of tastings going on!
watching SouthBeachTow on trutv It's my new no.
1 show to watch on tv
Thanks for following us!
If Denver doesn't want tebow, I bet Florida would take him back.
Month of Febuary Pro V 1's and PRO V1 X on sale 36.99/dz Nike doctorvers 144.99 Full Beg.
Sets w/bag 199.99 includes 10 buckets
just a streak of misfortune
no i dont gabby fr fr .
Chill all that out .
You told everyone in pe i liked him .
At our Westminster, MD Camp we will have Derrick Mason with Lardarius Webb, Haruki Nakamura, and Ben Grubbs scheduled to appear so far!
Party down for Chinatown.
At fundoctoriser  Georgetown
idunno, what do you ?
: The Bible never says Figure it out but over and over it says Trust God.
He's already got it all figured out!
By Rush's reasoning, most Americans are sluts.
We all pay for sex in one way or other, maternity leave, treatment of STDs, vaccines, etc.
Hey bf!
There's room for our sissy pooh now.
Someone backed out.
yes you are!
and rad!
Wow.
Houston as a city has its own WiFi.
Slick!
: see you all tonight!
Def party rock!
Classy SundaySpent a wonderful afternoon at Torrey Pines Lodge Taste of the Craft; a classy event of food, farms and California wines.
That's okay  I forgive you.
;
: RT Thanks for the follow Trade your clothes for something new...to you!
Such a great idea!
Austin goes for girls that are fun, makes him laugh, and has pretty eyes.
:
damn man, what kinda regimen you got going on for your traps?
I gotta get on that.
And where do you go tanning?
Lol
RT : RICH Tip  Take 3 minutes each morning, eyes closed, focus on breathing, and 'see' all of the things in your life you...
be there I'n a minute
Entry Fee 675.00 2012 Contestants Will Receive After Entry Fee Is Paid Rhinestone Crown Custom Sash
Dick Vitale talking live during game about his gift basket...
WOW...!!
It was the longest most amazing days ever being on set with
doesn't understand twitter
just got done watching the last episode of WOWP; Awesomesauce!!!
really great ending for the series
And when you think you like it, I promise you gon' love it
aw that sux.
Hopefully your fam can make it up when you get home!
Congrats on great yahoo scoop too
My left IT band is incredibly tight this morning.
Taking this is as a sign to not workout today.
So tired!
I think i love you..
Oomf keeps me happy....
Its weird in a good way :
RT Tornado advisory in effect for Tokyo  surrounding area.
I can't handle this game.
to all my followers Add me on facebook.com/titoreppin4richyandmono
Even though your birthday is in 2 months, doesn't mean I can't start writing and making you a card you'll never forget!
:D
79 year old veteran gets Citi loan mod approval after several declines using Save Your Home book principles get your copy today on Amazon
i aint been on here for a min
It's an interesting post, though oddly limited in describing what's actually being done in classrooms.
Headed uptown.
Hope I doctornk so much I fall into a coma.
Miss already
Tim Duncan can play on my team anyday
Provide contact info etc and I will include in list offered to book groups
Victorian home, contemporary taste, I can do that
Anyone know a good place to watch Breaking Bad online?
Need episodes 14 in season 4.
I miss Walt and Jesse
: Yes, I COULD go to your meeting this afternoon, but I'd rather get something done instead.
How do u not get kevindurant the ball everytime down the court!
Straight beast
Big Apple Bagels with the girls 
could I doctorp you a quick line on an exclusive story about a new multiplayer game?
Sometimes i just don't get it
tonight, we are young//.
Watching Monday Night RAW with my son is fun tonight!
When you are down to nothing, God is up to something.
So far nobody has came through my openhouse, but on the bright side it is beautiful out.
Love how always brings it...
you're here...
yes of ActionMan Adam or whatever.
hope you'll consider it one of these FCBD because that would be awesome!
I feel so much less alone now.
Scientists estimate there are at least 1.5 million ants on the planet for every human being
Kya!
I just saw the cutest little ducklings xD
Congratulations to the Boone Co.
Lady Rebels.
Tough loss in the 1st round.
Great season Ladies!
It means there's a possum living in your kitchen...
While tempting, I'm going to stay in today to finish a project.
Nomar was part of the segment?!the guy who sulked on the bench back in 2004 against the yanks in that epic game....ironic.
thanks little bro for the support , when u coming back to the ATL ?
Join us Saturday, April 28th for a tree planting event in Bolton Hill.
Meet up at the Fitzgerald Park 10am  Wilson Street  Bolton Street
LOL YEAH IT DOES BUT I'M GOING TO TRY TO BE ON MORE
Shut.
Your.
Ass.
phew you scared me.
Don't do that!
Yeah my dad took care of it a while ago : Cuz its kinda hard to do from Barcelona!
ReTweeting Poised Creation might increase your lifespan!
;
Ciao for now.
Have a beautiful weekend!
ayee .
i miss you too.
i cant even think of da last time i seen YOU lol .
can u ??
haha
: ugh it's the left I just made a large purchase for my vehicle 
Shout out to our family  for 23 YEARS of BREAKING RECORDS!!!!
Congrats!!!!!
I might pee my pants!!!
I'd reverse, through the legs, 360, off the back board, slam on you if I was coming in this weekend
you are my heaven.
3
Is Sharon going to play outside in the middle of a corn field?
That's how it goes in my doctoram.
When will it be on Itunes Jon?
keep up the great work!
I Just NOW got a twitter
I am going to try Qwest instead of Comcast for high speed internet in Denver.
I will be reporting back.
Oh yes..
FOLLOW ME AND ILL GIVE YOU A TURTLE;
Happy Birthday to my good friend and roomate !!
Please follow him so he feels like less of a failure.
very good observation, we will remove the ones we reposted so as to not confuse the voters/likers....
Jonathon Brandmeier is back on the air in Chitown to do mornings on WGNAM.
Viva Johnny B!
sorry, no recommendation made
great job on todays live big chop at Natural girls Rock!
bad kids
ah!
Not sure but condos might be creepy!
Good fan, you are.
Much support, you give.
HEY i havent talked to u in since like last year :O
You may have to give up a day at the beach so that someday you can own a beach house.
I am mug proof!
thanx so much for the kind words, it brightened up my day : 
Ramping up on a little HTML5 browser caching fun...
cool stuff.
Great to meet IRL!
Re:  thank you for an amazing tour of your library!
It was so great to meet you both.
RT : Be impeccable with your word.
Don't take anything personally.
Don't make assumptions.
Always do your best.
Miguel...
Truly amazing when you send someone a google doc and they return edits in a Word attachment.
uh huh Power to Fridays
I wish I could throw up cause I'd feel 1000 better
QoTD: It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not.
Sleep when you're dead, baby.
The exhippie/burntout 70's stoner contingent at this show is thru the roof.
Bout to c it again...
No my fone dying brb
Thank you Deborah, Mark  Jason!
I've already met w 2 people from your meet up who I may work with.
you need to follow me so I can DM you.
I was going to tell you something today...but I can't tweet for the world to see!
Thanks Jamie!!
Couldn't decide between going to the GDC or SWSX, so I stayed here in LA on my BFB.
On my way above the clouds
What you on
I'm telling u girl!!!!
Its bullshit but I guess we should be used to HATERS by now cuz lord knows the pack has a lot;
Home from the gym !
Now eating
looking forward to more great craftbeer in Hillcrest and sampling your brews!
Grant Hill sighting!
BernCo Commissioner Wayne Johnson calls on fellow Republican Commish Michael Wiener to step down.
Says board may remove him as vice chair!
Hahaha.
Holes in the knees might make me look badass, but a hole in the crotch is just vulgar!
I want to be part of something that empowers and inspires women, says woman who, in one instance, yanked off another woman's wig in fight.
guess i'll recut my undercut or something like that.
thanks for the RT!
Listening to Katie Dunneback's presentation Reading Tectonics: Ebooks and Libraries at Handheld Librarian 5
Servers and workstations should be kept off the ground have some type of cover at all times to protect them from sprinkler damage.
finally in sync with west coast time I see.
In town for Almost Acoustic Christmas rehearsals?
Sorry!
I unfollowed everyone who unfollowed me!
Should I shut down the account?
What Nook do you have?
I thought the new one was supposed to be pretty good in the sun.
My condolences ;
YES and they should flash as well;D
MahoneOnB96 TREND IT!!!
:
I can be so awkward at times.
Watching game of thrones!
Yeeaaaahhh!!
and all of the angels they'd sell off yer soul for a set of new wings and anything gold
how old are you?
Already signed up, asking the boyfriend if he's willing to get up that early, too.
I'm low on hours, can I count his?
:
If they play graduation music, I might cry
Its about to get even better tonight xD
Jefferson's Marcus Stamps puts up the numbers, and the grades
I need some new music, any suggestions?
Unintentional, twitter has a mind of its own.
Or, I just hate you.
You can decide.
killed it  appreciated the name doctorp haha
Dnt let em hold u back.
Lol i pictured the shrugRT My Instagram name is ChubbyNiggaDoe, therefore youn should expect A LOT of food pics
lol id be more motivated to get out of bed if my nigga was holdin his own....
ok so just so u know is a famewhore think about who shes dated and when I MEAN REALLY IM A BETTER HUGGER THEN HER
Water from the doctornking fountains is fucken gross!!
Everybody can no exit with siri.
GlassHalfEmpty ESTRAGON: Yes, let's go.
They do not move.
It is nice to know that Carl is terrified of people sharing information about him.
Brands don't just want views, they want signups, followers
Nope only sal.
acidface swells up like an oompaloompa!
I found a mint masque that shrinks pores...
trying it now.
Every storm is seeking, something.
you mean his entire administration or Just the President?
this where the days huff those where the days!
I'm just tryin to chase a doctoram but I'm no
Our Line Dance Class is tonight!
Ladies, will you be there?
Fellas, will you be there?
I been single for a yr now smh

watching FamilyGuy wishin i had something to do in the morning
It's pretty exciting!
Let us know if you go!
Greg Oden averages 20 games a season.
At this rate he will have to play 78 more seasons to catch Kareem Abdul Jabbar.
In bed.
Crying.
Don't bother.
cheers mate....for us dads they tell me a girl is good value!
congrats.
Good days ahead
naw you can use them for your mix tape there my promos..just give me a shout out..aight peace..splitzwizard
Oh man, definitely mac n' cheese!
RT Hey foodies pot pie or mac and cheese?
time keeps marchng.
we r not on this world centuries to be able 2 accomplsh everything we want.
focus to avoid many lose ends
With about to shoot Indelible waiting on wardoctorbe.
HALLOWEEN COSTUME PARTY!!!
October 15th  Halloween Costume Dance Party  21 5.
815 V Street  Backbar
Planned Parenthood Sentiment: 15 to 1 in favor of Planned Parenthood on Twitter Stats are amazing
Yes, I described it yesterday as pure gold RT : did you see the account?
It's fantastic.
I love Steve Blake.
NowPlaying: Out Loud by
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA OMG YES!
i can't even omf xDD NIGHT
ijs Kobe cool he just haven't did nothing I haven't seen yet u gotta remember mike averaged 20ppg at the age of 40  WOW
Sometimes we waste our moments.
We don't take the time to say the things that are in our hearts when we have the chance.
Every man dies, not every man really lives.
Which movie and who said it?
Broke down : least its hot and I can get a tan.
Glad to be doing me
that was an invite
Good for you!
Congrats!
I have the CD's!!!
let me know if you would like to purchase one!!
they are only 8 dollars!
Just email me 
Well if the Lakers don't give a damn why should I?
I'm going to bed.
When the to do list reaches 3 pages, you know the start line is just around the corner.
Breathe..
we'll buy you a sandwich if you get us in.
:
lol..welcome to my funny world
Badgers are going to lay the hurt on Orange tonight.
Hear tell us how failing made him successful!
Watch our NEW SHOW My Big Fat Failure Feb 26th, 9pm on
Mulherkar Crew will be at Wayne Horvitz new place in Seattle, The Royal Room on Fri.
1/6/12 at 9:30pm ..
The New Lions!!!!
get on twitter and go straight to tweets.
Happy Sunday
I said no such thing!
The Fall is every bit tearjerker I'd thought it would be.
But it was a great movie!
why are u so god damn depressing?
you're 14 and crying over how shit your rich closetoperfect life is?
get real you ignorant child .
Tonight I'm going BLONDE!
Making money like your moms making food .
Pacific Beach: 23 ft  thigh to chest high occ.
4 ft.
Looks Pretty Fun :
America is the best halfeducated country in the world.
Fed.
Time for nap?
is green RAMPSflavored?
Rangers fans hv a prob w/Wash resting players mainly bcuz of losing 2 n a row 2 KC.
won last nite.
doesnt bother me.
its early n the sea.
Free speech resolution fails...Why am I not surprised?
haha no.
Don't see them hanging with OKC anyways if they make it.
RT : Oh well you know , I thought I was part of this family ..
But FUCK YOU all then!
Haha, yes!
Those 2 seconds of Please help me out here!
Nice!
Good luck with the move!
their vegetarian buffet is outstanding.
Abusing of stereotypes, I forgot I was eating vegetarian.
Service is amazing, always
I have a lot of trouble not freaking out when people trap me in a corner on the subway even though there is plenty of space to avoid it
i just want to do everything im not supposed to right now i wanna fuck i wanna shoot heroin i wanna run away and wake up in an alley ugh
I wanna move to a place where the guys have accents, or where one direction is
Could really use a spare tank.
Xicano007leftTwitterbecause he's busy giving away roses and sandwiches to the ladies at school.
And now I'm pissed off at myself for being pissed off at myself, because this is the lowest my A1c has ever been.
Watching the premiere of Alcatraz.
So far so good!
I'll chip in a few dollars, too.
Hell....I'll help him haul boxes out of the Governor's Mansion.
doctorp sticks
Baders get a pair of hits in the fourth but strand runners at first and third, After 4 innings, Wisconsin 4, Michigan 4.
I love how all of Lville fans comebacks for our NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP in basketball is football.
Y'all beat us once out of the past 4 years.
Target security guards ready to receive protesters
Stuck in Minneapolis, MN for the night.
All flights are full, All Day!
Not such a bad city to be stuck in.
Gonna head to Mall of America!
Is 1 Of The Best Rappers!!
Today Nobody Cares But Tomorrow They Will, Nobody Cares But Oh Tomorrow They Will, They Will
When Your walking home alone, see someone scary, and pretend to be talking on the phone with your dad about his new gun ;D
Idea 4 another Spartacus prequel?
Spartacus, the Early Years: Boo Boos  Sandbox.
Jupiter's pee pee!
catching up with an old friend is always good, i miss the good friends I use to have
Whoever spends the most tonight gets their name on the BIG check that we are giving to Childoctorn's Hospital, get spending!
dealshow.com
Humility and the fear of the Lord brings wealth and honor and life.
lmao...
Take it easy my friend...lol
do that shit and record it lol
Perhaps Al is worried about people pirating the feed from his Mobile Uplink Unit.
You bet I wish I could make the conference but I can't...
so I live through those who can!!
:  
OH GOD YOU WOULDN'T DARE, and I already ate them all...
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Cinnamon Pinwheels onsite at Acme!
Order NOW for the Holidays!
6147322803
Their gross
Its official now..
R.i.p maidelis : 
nice!
Enjoy your last few hours.
Safe travels my friend.
Lots of good discussions this morning at which unfortunately seem not to have been live tweeted.
LETS GO GIANTS!!!
Superstoked to see wowps finals!
Not so stoked to wait outside in coldass Denver.
ThinkLikeAMan hilarious.
There were some truths in the subliminal messages like women bring favor, clarity and affirmation.
Tonight on 10 How about renting tools for just 25 a yr., there's a place in DSM called the toollending library.
; RT : That looks like something FIERCE.
Awww Congrats to you and Tan on your baby boy!
Love yalll!
:
ThingsMyMotherSays RT : RejectedMittRomneySlogans I don't know any poor folks, but I'm friends with the people who own them.
Your first goal is not to force interactions; it is merely to connect, to share the pleasure of doing something together, to experience...
Live at Regal Cinemas showing previews for Jeff Bridges True Grit.
Did you know?
More women dig Josh Brolin than Matt Damon?
New NCAA games are up!
SEC, Big 10, Big 12, Pac12, Heisman Hopefuls, Top 25, Undefeated, NCAA night games  crazy fantasy action!
I agree.
Chocolate cake.
As a result of both of these, we are witnessing a almost total dismantling of all social gains, advancements,  government.
Need to tan today...
Crazy is just another name for someone who knows how to have fun.
;
I make EVERY DAY Motley!
m/ ;
Remember 2 check out the moon 2nite at 11:34 11:35 when the Moon lines up with the Earth  Sun to become brilliantly full.
hell yes we need ppl
where did u see/hear?
The Bell's Rich Jones will be talking about coleg session Sat.
at 2:35 pm with Ken Clark on KFKA 1310 am
that's a good start
IKR it sucks
Correction  from The Crisis RT These are the times that try men's souls.
Thomas Paine
this feeling
What a kill
L.A.
is getting Closer and Closer !!!!!!
: Irrelevant people will never effect my life.
what would u do as the Grizz GM?
Do u package ZBO/Rudy w/ OJ to find star level playmaker or just simply fill needs
wow, mine too!
MAX DELAYS: Equipment is blocking the tracks at the Lloyd Center, expect delays.
Shuttle buses in use
you will love it!
good morning beautiful people
Watching the spanish teacher cry
i need no nigga !!!
TRYNA GET ON WITH YALL HOLLA AT ME FOR A PHOTO SHOOT
then again I don't have all of the facts.
FOGC Will have some action tomorrow!
I guess he can afford to give a coach millions, but players can't eat dinner!
FOLLOW WE BACK: 10
I agree with that
And we love you for it, Jasper!
;
nice.
Enjoy it :
Tennessee, USA
i miss you to!
While technology has changed the way that we work, the human element remains the critical factor for any kind of progress
but he is a hottie boom body!
Congratulations on your US deal Elena, Igor  Remi!
You're truly an amazing group and we can't wait for your US debut..
3 bri
All we do is smoke and fuck
Nick Offerman's giggle is the best
last night  :
That WHSmith picture was brilliant!
Should put it next to an autographed Dawkins book and see which one gets sold first
BESIDES ASTROS what do you guys think is the best headset you can buy for your xbox?
HELP ME OUT!
that doesnt squeeze your brain to death ha
RT : When chicks call u Daddy but u ain't they father tho 
just relaxing, what about you?
Look, the TV I can live without, , but , my prized can opener?
Et tu, Cathay?
BTW, I just lol'd at the board room table.
Pretty sure no one stands a chance against BC.
Just saying.
WUCF at the Maitland Art Festival today!
UCF Jazz professor hit the stage at 2 pm...
Fraser says he's not an outsider
I'M IN THE MOOD FOR MEXICAN I HATE YOU :E
they could probably be playmates
Going on 4 days without headphones.
This is killing me!!!
So...anybody got an extra pair?
Haha
Mom's awesome.
We should call her
Tuxedo Brownie Cookies Recipe Planning to watch the Oscars this weekend?
Why not have a special dessert to celebrate?
These tuxedo browni
BaZING!
no prob!
Thanks for all your help.
S/O to at City Year Milwaukee!!!!
: Twitter  Facebook: I rebuke you in the name of the Lord!
TryingToFocusOnSchool good deal!
The post will be coming 4 yrs!
: By week 5, Tebow will have Snooki at Bible study..
why do athletes on my floor YELL in the hallway when they know it's finals week?
followed srry it took so long!!: anna
We have not tried your line of toothpaste!
Any chance of getting some samples!?
professorssional hint: if you are submitting videos of your work and it stalls or fails, we usually just move on.
Youtube  Vimeo.
im at the high dive.
You have failed me!
Wtf are we doing in la I'm exhausted.
Knives and Pens!!!!
Today is just  I need philly.
and u guys had me rolling yesterday on the show
How can we be expected to teach childoctorn to learn how to read if they can't even fit inside the pockets?
Wrapping up some SEO analysis for HTI Medical, winner of doctorwing for customer appreciation.
Fun to look at other people's code....
Do you know the difference between your smile and my smile?
You smile when you are happy, and I smile, when I see you happy lovethis 
You say bad bitches only but I'm wondering do you even get any bitches?
Rocking with the fam tomorrow at 7p.
Stop by  watch us wreck shop!
ok we have a winner will direct message the winner at 2pm eastern time
Do you have a iPhone or a iPod Touch If you do?
Go to the App Store Go To Music Than Tap VEVO It's free to download so try it today.
2 RT 1 : I'm sorry but Further Seems Forever cover of Bye Bye Bye is now a bar staple for me.
hey talk to !
Its his music.
This is just the his fan page.
We're at 590 followers, help us get to 600Followers by the end of the day!
So I'm not the only one who does that huh?
lol Ketchup, cheese sauce and salad doctorssing are our friends here!
It's funny that the media was concerned that it would be irrelevant once players had a direct line via social to fans.
Hoping the rain holds off for a while.
I want to ride home with the top down and fertilize the lawn this afternoon.
Look at Thad!
young Danny pushing .400.
couple a badd boys!
i have the next round frickers/durtybird
In this modern warfare wit my dawgs
thanks Sherri, hope you can make it
awww thanks girl!
BTW Your workout regimen inspired me to go to the gym today.
I sort of slacked off  but you are on it!
Web stuff's only going to get easier Erica.
Rush on VH1 Classic!
My daughter Isabella, gave me a huge hug last night and tried giving me a kiss for the first time.
It was awesome.....
NAME CHANGE!!!
Hey all!
I changed my user name.
I use to be cavaliers60..
I am now cdoades so friends can find me easier.
Nice to see so many Clevelanders biking today biketoworkweek happyinCLE :
NB It's easier than you think!
: What type of printer and what type of computer/OS?
no problem.
Thanks for the kind words!
Thanks!
Bought it!
:
Only a couple of weeks until Christmas!
Life is so precioius, every moment should count!
I am living out loud, period!
Homework!
lol...
among other things.
I never get my To Do lists done because there is never enough time in the day!
Funny how you can go from talking to a person everyday to not talking at all
RT : a diamond backs fan got kicked outta coors field for throwing back a Rockies HR ball lol
Anyway to get George Zimmerman off peopl will be satisfied
Hopes he knows what the fuck he's doin.
can't wait for the gypsy cat to be back!
Hope home is treating you well, cat.
: Rockies down a touchdown....thankfully another game to flip to Nuggets exactly!
Ok still at work doing paperwork!!!
I want to go...
Data is not information, information is not knowledge, knowledge is not understanding, understanding is not wisdom
I just finished watching that Greg Kinnear movie about the guy who invented intermittent windshield wipers.
have you seen the hangover movies?
You ain't kiddin'.
Who'd a thunk it would be such a royal pain in the tuckus?
Check out PDXCROSS.
A group of photographers who get down and dirty with Portland's cyclocross scene.
www.pdxcross.com
Hey I'll give everyone who 'likes' With the Band...Karaoke's facebook fan page 1...
Nasty ass people on this bus
yes fuckin way!!
haha my moms actually legit!
it doesn't even hurt!
: MentionTo someone who always in your mind.
Philly is the first to strike, Crowley from Dawson.
Today is an excellent day!
Presentation in class tonight!
springbreak next week!
triathlontraining going well!
Happy Leap Day!
Each year, Vienna Woman's Club gives 1,000 to students headed to college.
Last year I was honored to give keynote speech at awards event.
welcome to twitter Keith
It's a beautiful morning.
Everything is on Sale at 1020 OFF.
Dbl punch doctornk of the day is our Peppermint Mocha!
Thanks again for the many ReTweets!
Hit me up if you need plans.
well, your name IS mikey, and you ARE adorable and blonde...
I'd say you're practically halfway there!
any bday plans yet??
Can't stand when people don't take me serious.
Feels like I wasted useful time.
c4l12 The Q is, shd I get 6 or 12 crumpets to take home from The Crumpet Shop?
They likely freeze...need room in the bag for Hop Henge too
thanks Rusty.
what up brah?
RT this if you're going local for
Yes, but from a different angle.
Just finished presenting to hs seniors how to write personal statements thru Young Urbanites Unite!
Lloyd is doing great work!
OMM and I are looking at the same moon!!!
Haha 3333
Word Up !
Welcome Back, MarquetteGradStudents!
We hope you all enjoyed the ice cream social at orientation last Thurs!
Pics to come!
Houston Hoops over Tampa Titans 5037 in first pool game at AAU Nationals.
: Much of what being decided for our country is being decided on falsehoods
Y'all, I know I am about to sound like a bad Mahomie and stuff but, who is Dave?
Like Austins uncle?
Manger?
Will someone tell me?/:
Great!!!
Packed house for 2011 Part 2 Party!..full report later on!!
USA 2 Mex 1 as of 9:40 Go USA!!
Girl you can have whatever you want, starting off with my last name 
crowdsourcing video!
We would love to know more.
Awwwe they got back together :
The parade loves you back....you and all your lil leprechauns!!!!
do it.
It's a classic.
At least all the stuff at the actual party.
Dorian FinneySmith leaving Virginia Tech.
Should have kept Seth Greenberg.
GOD is a selfish GOD he will not let any man take credit for his works.
It will be done in such a miraculous way it will be nothing but GOD.
if you have a problem with me, say it to my face.
Don't just talk shit about me with all of your little friends.
At El Barco on Ashland having a margarita de tamarindo which is the best doctornk I've had all year.
I love tamarind!
Very weird to watch presentation that just happened in London and see a pic of my local cheese shop guy.
doctorpalcon We love Bob!
I am MAN enough to admit when I am wrong!
Can you?
Staying quiet on Twitter because I'm sitting with family.
This game has been weird so far.
Very cool!
Which one, LK?
MT : Fun evening planning a theraprov workshop w/a former improv student of
yeah,i kinda figured :
In a society in which it is a moral offense to be different from your neighbor your only escape is never to let them find out.
When doing any advertising, consider tailoring your message to the appropriate audience.
Change methods based on who your target is.
Cool.
I've used almond on other bassoons, but haven't yet oiled my Pchner myself.
Perhaps a good Sunday project.
The DNF of financial services.
Currently have nine Gchat windows open, all but one is listed as  is busy.
You may be interrupting.
I call bullshit, you IMed me :P
It's existential crisis day in the copywriters' office.
It is not work that kills, but worry.
African Proverb
wanna go downtown ?
love those, thanks for sharing Daniela!
As only New Yorkers know, if you can get through the twilight, you'll live through the night.
Dorothy Parker
I'm really tempted to deactivate and block facebook and twitter until I'm done with this semester senior 
fuckin bitches is working out lol
insideview, thanks for following us on Twitter!
man now I'm really sad I'm missing this trip!
XOXOXO!
YEAH BABY ANOTHER 123 FOR
It may not be a fun present to yourself but I'm sure your car appreciates it :
Nice portal 2 intro....
I won't deny it...
Imma straight ridah You don't wanna fuck with me.
feelin it today Tupac!
Fleshed out quite a few of my BlitzBlox game play ideas  been a great allnighter.
Now to write it all down and get it organized.
Hey Jaime think we should go public yet?
haha thanks for following.
We LOVE patients!
Not you, junior.
Got my new pow skis today.
I might have to head up to Crystal to get my fix this weekend.
today l did a 3point contest at darien lake, and l didn't make a single shot.
I would like my life to be a statement of love and compassionand where it isn't, that's where my work lies.
Ram Dass
college starts back up in 3 days..computer programing..i cant wait..im getting restless
GENTLEMEN?
RT Ok, this is getting ridiculous.
Where can a tasty bitch of a certain age find a proper boyfriend?
Seriously.
Let's just say I win ...
Lol
love me some mac miller!
haha
I want a booty!!
imthetypeofperson that is locked and loaded for the coming zombie apocalypse
Joel McHale shirtless  best reason ever to watch Community!
Spending time with my friends and family :
Just got back from the Alex Ross exhibit at the Warhol.
If you haven't seen it yet, GO!
It's amazing.
And it closes on Sunday.
No problem thanks for taking time to respond.
4 more days until it's my turn to play
Conan?
Like Conan obrien?!
Of course!
If you have a project or need related to acting film or theatre please feel free to post on our Twitter page
RT : Did Jeff Kessler compare himself to Alex Rodoctorguez to justify his 5.5 mil package at Dewey?
Read that way to me....
Does anyone else's iPhone say 4g after 5.1 update?
Looks like great things are happening for you right now  Congrats!
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !!!!!!!!!!
i need so more follwers can yall help me out
Appreciate the kind follow.
Would you be open to connecting RE: a wellness experience?
Thanks and happy holidays!
:
OMG So Kool Gotta Love KStew
Yay!
's Trout Pout is one of my current favs!
Awh : I got bad spots too.
We were lined up for 11 hours and got in the back.
We just left, it was ridiculous.
Lol!!!
Even snl forgot about Ron Paulo their opening sketch.
mos definitely need to pour some liquor out for them, cause they died..lol
The night has just begun!
Vegas Military come enjoy a night just for you!
2 You Call its  1 doctorfts until 11pm!
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOO I KNOW.
fuck your life.
and send it too mee!
The Green Mile
It's okay Brewers fans.
The cubs will still end up in last place this year.
The World Loves Andoctora Swift!!!
Friendship needs no words  it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.
Dag Hammarskjold
All I can say is that we're now in a different world about what constitutes a celebrity
Anyone have or know of a Brausse BF750E for sale?
I have 3 people looking for one so please contact me!
.
888BRAUSSE.
I got a funny story Lil bro: row you talk to ghetto Me: you dont know what ghetto means Lil bro: yes i do whispers to momwhat does it mean
How do I get tickets to this?!?!
Ticketmaster and ticketweb don't work :
What happened to Kesha?
Did she fall off the side of the earth or something?
Happy Hump Day!
Retweet if you're horny!
Thanks for tweeting the article about me winning, guys!
I appreciate the mention :
Good morning.
How are you today?
No really, how are you?
Gray  doctorzzly: good weather for St.
Patty's!
Cooking up some corned beef, got Guinness  a copy of Finnegans Wake ;
JUS WHEN I THOUHT LIFE COULDNT GET ANY WORSE, IT DID, I REALLY DONT WANNA BE ON HERE ANYMORE, LIFE HAS BEEN DEALN ME BLOWS ALL WEEK
ChickfilA  Yummy Chicken!
why don't you have cloth towels in your bathroom?
On a date with my best little girl friend!
HA HA too funny!!!!
LOVE IT
You think gnats are bad....they aint got nothin on Love Bugs
Ah.
The Nats will take back the park by paying the umpires to eject all of the Phillies.
Young, rich and flashy I be where the cash be
The new Giant at Harford and Taylor is awesome.
A real improvement over all the supermarkets that preceded it.
with my twin !
Morning Doll!
We really did start a dating site project and researching it is appalling
hm.
I don't think she's beloved enough to cause such a strong reaction as shonda hinted.
Hope it's her though.
I'm letting go of the thoughts that do not make me strong.
Look for reviews in new Video Librarian: Woodmans, Priest of Love, Romantic Englishwoman, Keaton shorts, Sound of Insects more.
Dear One Direction, please.
kiss me on my mouth.
Too funny.
It was a little sloppy, wasn't it?
fun though.
Awesome idea!
Thx to our troops.
RT : Ok, what time do they tip off?
This is taking too long lol!
Everyone else is like aye i gots an ipod hit me up and dis shit is yo's bring da money
the silence is really quite odd ;
I usually google the subject line, addoctorss of sender, or part of the body of the email.
Usually turns up what I want to know.
The key to a good tittie sucking is the intensity of the eye contact.
Man is mere flesh and by flesh can be undone.
But with God the eternal soul cannot be undone except by His command Priest
Deff wanna go to Miami for spring break.
Hey all the website is up and running!
go and custumize your own apparel!
When, not if, I see The Vow, I hope I can pair it with Woman in Black and get all my catharsis done in one day.
Swoon...
Wait.
I'm falling for that legendary Irish charm!
Falling..
falling...
RT All women are stunning
PLEASE FOLLOW ....
SPAMMING COULD JUST MAKE YOU MADE ...
YEE HOPE YOU SEE THIS TWEET
Snow, golf, snow, golf.
Make up your mind colorado.
Bipolar global warming.
SATURDAY SALE TOMORROW  Shop our exclusive PC  Apple backtoschool bundles.
go luck tonight me and my son will be cheering you guys on tonight go bucks go!
could be worse...
Could be curling instead of Ice hockey...
Follow Me Please!?
77
i feel like i cant even think straight, my brain refuses to function anymore
mymomsaid flowers always impress a lady!
When I was little I faked being asleep so I'd get carried to bed.
sad to say but the more ppl say that , even if i do wanna come back i wont ..
its too many states in this country smfh
loved China, now on to JAPAN!
I'm sold on twitter.
Thanks all!
I miss
But that was then and this is now
I love those!
I've been wanting to try the choc just haven't gotten around to it yet
I see Mike Nelson has adjusted his Channel 7 pin.
Works for me!
Lets not pretend like you're alone tonight.
omg ikr and then with this crazy weather :
TWO THUMBS UP...
THREE IF I HAD ANOTHER HAND LOL
that would be a good laugh.
Ready to learn from at
wow I ate that way too fast.
I'm never gonna lose weight
Amazing show with tonight
Hi Nice article!
How do you think such an idea can be successfully implementation?
idk..he told me to ask u....no details lol
when i wake up tmister i better hear the Lakers won..............
Do you remember your favorite concert?
I think men talk to women so they can sleep with them and women sleep with men so they can talk to them.
Woodfish back in the studio July 5th!
Finishing up guitar tracks and laying odown some background vocals!
and yes, you've earned the yoga goddess title 10x's over :

guys have certainly made me feel not just physically adept, but more confident in conquering my goals  doctorams in life
they didnt accept his resignation??
what doctormatics so sick of it.
would never want to live in Sanford
Maybe even Skype me
Everyone Follow He Is Cool:
M...
Melting Potatoes  Pearl Onions
Ireallywant to go home!
Is that Greenberg up on stage with Emma Stone?
...I got proof
What are you doing?
we know people  looking into this as we tweet.
and what is that weird twitching mouth head thing kenya does?
It's like she has a neurological disorder.
It's distracting.
Happy 18th Birthday :D
Difference in school  life?
In school, you're taught a lesson, then given a test.
In life, you're given a test that teaches you a lesson
Lmfao x : An emo vampire probably bites himself.
I'm officially over Starbucks turkey bacon sandwiches...it was a good ride
Can't sleep
If Facebook were a country, it would be the eighth most populated in the world
My head feels like a balloon and this cold medication has me feeling stupid.
Watchin whats love got to do wit it and Tina turner was buff as hell
wow.
just watched your youtube.
brave woman.
I support you 100 and thank you for your beauty and bravery.
All signs point to Lauderdale.
I Wish I Could Get A 'Good Morning Beatiful:' Text From You3
I'm 2 minutes away from cursing out my step dad..
As I say this my mom has changed the channel to the game w/o me saying a word!
LOVE HER!
max is the best!
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference
its so so so god!
Pink White Black And Purple haha
Make you play with the stick Ovechkin.
Appreciate that ...
let's go
Thanks for the ff love.
I'm hilarious but you're so damn easy to laugh at.
:D
don't flatter yourself baby
Does anyone think the packers should resign will blackmon?
Nice looking yard.
Your son did a good job!
Lots of hard work!
Call and order your lunch from Shorty's great lunch special selection starting at 4.99!
At NJSHA conf.
by the beach in NJ.
Looking forward to my talk tomorrow on the future of cochlear implants.
I'm bound to learn something.
I liked the lace up boots.
also if you want you can follow our personal accounts: : We follow back :
will u follow me?
Sex On Delivery Oo
it's hard to believe but it's actually cold in vegas than in chicago
when you and ur gf get in a fight and then slowly and slowly things get back to normal 3.3
shit me and u Both!
NCVT only 23 million shares outstanding and an estimated float of 4 million shares, we really like this buying opportunity.
I love that you used the term scammed.
thanks bro.
RT : Live from the set of The Abolitionists, a staffer in costume with Producer Rob Rapley
cinnamon swirl bagel w/ honey nut cream cheese and a peach
Hot laps were turning some mid 13s
Thank you for coming to our screening!
So nice to see your faces in the audience.
When tagged that he was 31.
I hope there is another that dons the name Shogun.
Members Card New York Rangers 145
i dont think your hot ..
I think your SEXY .
;
RT : Great talk with from Lars Remodeling and Design ...
Great Business Mind ...
Even Better Family Man
Wow!
I decided to go with San Francisco after much deliberation.
Seriously who do I have to blow to get my boyfriend to fuck me right now?
Sweet Jesus
Somewhat disappointed that I didn't see SUPERMOON.
Thanks to all the parents who have commented/messaged me/texted about Owen's torticollis.
I really appreciate all the info and advice!
:
Church with the familia then out to lunch!
It's gonna be a great day 
Found the lyrics I wrote for my acoustic song I wrote in 2005ish!
Sweet!
I can clearly see a version of myself in which I marry  have kids in order to escape from this lifestyle, since I can't seem to do it alone
shout out to my new follower : follow please :
just one year.
But still!
So man businesses fail after one year, but I'm still here!
awesome!
Sounds like fun :
You're freaking wack and don't diss me!
Did you know, our students have interned w/  many others?
Furniture Sale!!!!!!
BElieve, I believe
Excited for the trunk show tomorrow from 38pm !
I think I might find the perfect cocktail doctorss!
You can't force creativity.
Observation from my teen daughter
I needed the good news
nice to have a songwriting contest run with integrity out there!
yes sir.
I knew a very happy husband would catch it
The friendliest chase bank in Chicago must be this one on Clark and Barry: counted 5 reps saying hi and/or welcome.
Our online store will be open very soon.
I can't sleep either...
starting lunches tuesday.
sorry for the confusion.
would have taken just as long : and I would have to transfer lines twice
We want to make the parking situation down here between stadiums a mess in September and October orioles and ravens LETS GO
Some roster rules of note: 1 limit of 3 players from any 1 team
Eric Clapton killing it at valley view San Diego!
Just to clarify, that last tweet was from two days ago.
Verizon took its dang time to upload.
Everyone follow its for a great cause folks!!!
The world needs more people like this...
Enjoying reading books rather than internet media lately.
At least the plot progresses and the characters learn and grow in novels.
woah woah hey, what are you and doing on my facebook professorle
Paris?
Budapest?
The moon?
Hell yeah : And you know I'm down for grub!
Let's make it happen this time!
Cause we're all just kids who grew up way too fast.
Why thank you kind sir and no there is nothing wrong.
Haven't been tweeting long and have been trying to understand the
Check out my report 2nite  10 on CBS58!
I spent an action packed day with a group from the MKE Co Sheriff's Office which catches fugitives.
Tebow led NFL in Red Zone TD efficiency last 2 years.
Scoringwinning.
If Manning wants to win, should've DEMANDED to keep TT as a 'player'
I'm on a smear campaign right now!
Lls
right?
Although I can imagine the look on my Mom's face when she saw it was a Lowe's gift card.
Thank you for those who came out to Apartment 720 last night for our Birthday Bash, it was a blast!!!
Omg Christopher Plummer is so inspiring!
What a career  winning his 1st oscar at age 82!!
Never give up no matter your circumstance or age!
Of the bright green color of lush grass.
You know...a VERDANT.
Paint or sleep?
It's a tossup.
Paint or sleep........
To all Firefighters, EMTs, Police,  U.S.
Soldiers: Thank you for your service!
With glasses raised, here's to you.
arm okay?
i love my school ha ha fucking with black kids.
so funny
What did you think of the Newsweek Cover with Obama being The First Gay Marriage President?
Story by Andoctorw Sullivan!
Last day of school tommorow
StevensAcevedo, amazingly, says that attending cunydhi a year ago  asking for help/collaborators led to successful NEH startup grant
I hear the GOP has trouble with addition.
For processing, SoundGrain is a kind of unique granular app that I've started to play with.
Free.
The Bay Area has a warm breeze today.
Summer is on the way!
Gimme that shit!!
follow me please!!:
Happy VDay i love you so much babe
Sitting here bored with nothing on TV
Not laughing at 's innuendos and then making her explain why they're so funny?
Awkward hilarity ensues.
WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly Girl u ugly as Fuck
oh will then i dont know what to say .
.
agree.
The sunglasses especially.
Why put them on inside, and then pull them down when you want to see something?
Lame.
throw hard in arlington next week.
We will be there.
Ketel one and soda, strawberries and balsamic and Castle, House and Once Upon a Time on the DVR
Wow!
King Henriq!
Just Look Amazing!
:
None whatsoever.
I just love it that much.
RT : Find Chameleon at our booth on Red River in front of Beerland  at at the FrenchLegationLawnParty TODAY!
Whoa, Craig Counsell has thought of a comeback?
Please, Craig, WE NEED YOU!
I'm listening to an interview I did in 2009.
My accent is so thick.
I love it.
Who had the brilliant idea to turn the power back on???
To hurt our RPI I assume RT : What's the point of BracketBusters for the Valley now?
Losing the CAA is a big loss for that event.
You only ask it in your head, then shake the sticks.
The first to fall out is the answer.
The kid interpreted the monk...
Mary Jane never fails me.
She such a sweet girl.
Sadly no.
Just liked your quote.
So nice seeing you this week!
: Gotta get rid of my only when I need something associates.
FOX 7 News at 9 is on!
The Miss Universe preliminary competition just finished and it looks to be an amazing pageant on Monday!
he's just a ray of sunshine right now.
writing 'i love you' notes, putting them all over the house for us.
always telling us sweet things!
We are a white out azspaseries w/
We can't wait to see you either!
Fat s/o to the boy for getting to the dance a 2nd straight time.
Go hard from the tip cuz!!
Late night chillin in the lab like a mad scientist....Rippaaaa!!!!
Night everybody.
lol not!
Every one keeps asking but no one is 
Reminder Packers fans, follow for your chance to win a GEEBZ shirt!
thanx for the follow
What would you like to see more of?
If you answered with more fiction, then pester your writer friends to send us some of their work.
ima sugar high from too many cookies T.T
what a sad depressing state of affairs
you never even knew,well the truth is about to come out
Board backs 15.4M sale of Cleantech Manufacturing Center land to Trammell Crow to build 300K sq.
ft.
for sustainable industries.
Why is it 11 and I have yet to eat dinner?
At to hear talk from Frank Deford, one of my favorite sports commentators.
Catch his commentary Weds on
Thinking of jonstewart monologue in my email campaigns from Obama emailsHey is not a good subject line!
When all you do is consume things to galvanize and feed your pain body, you will eventually consume yourself
Happy IPA day!
We have a lot of yummy options...
if you're so inclined...
SCOTUS also ruled that the US may deport immigrants without first getting permission from the receiving country.
A blonde locks her keys in the car.
After failing to break into the car, she says Damn, it looks like it's gonna rain and the top is down.
Whats the ABQ event?
Your tweet doesnt give details or a link....
Stop and see us in Pasco while you are here, we'd love to chat about innovation  what we're doing for entrepreneurs!
Love it RT : Sleep is for people without access to the Internet
Love this.
Thank you for sharing.
Maria!
I was hablaing spanglish.
What's the correct way to habla los words?
You think you're so cool cuz you can pee standing up.
Great news as we just confirmed a great DP for Cell.
She won a Student Academy Award for a short she worked on so not too shabby
Looking for a place to eat tonight?
Why not visit one of the Dining for Life supporters  give back to charity.
www.yourluckydeals.com/blog
When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on for so long in the first place.
Will found out the hard way tonight that they mean business at Buffalo Wild Wings when they say Hot.
And he thought he was a hothead.
Proto Protip: Practice your presentation, make it lively, and refrain from a doctor read!!
They are talking about people and the Beatty's harassing me after stealing from me.
You will soon read about it in the press.
Stay focus attack the basket take smart shots
Yayyy!!!!!!!
RT : 2nite Me  gotta start lookN at flights  for LA WE COMING
Italian American Cultural Center is so nice!
They are putting up a bocci court...my life is now complete haha.
ah, now I understand.
from the pic, it looked like you had some sweet highlights mixed in w the strawberry.
Sinking slowly, the water is higher...
Desire
SM is oft more egalitarian space than galleries.
Should it be where museum takes on more informal voice?
What it do Peoples, checkin into the world to see if ya'll feelin what i'm talking bout through my music.
Let me know how u feelin bout it..
I say i hate u but in reality i cant stand being away from u more than two minutes but u be a bith sometimes
We Are Providers OF Quality Gifts For Any Occasion Discounts UniqueGiftsForMen and UniqueGiftsForWomen Return Policy:FREE
thanks for the mention!
Glad you're finding the insights and gifts series helpful.
Singing to Aaron Carter I WANT CANDY!
Beka: Get in my van!
XD
Oh wow damn that sucks for Celtics lol
staff photo shoot day  hilarious.
Can't wait to see the photos!
Who wants to move to SF and be my roommate?
Hmm?
I can assure you your life will become 1000x more awesome.
There sure has been a lot of awesome this week...70 degree weather, cocoaconf friday, new iPad this weekend, hopefully more awesome to come
happy 4th Greg!!
Pictures lie :P
is an example of a idea born out of social entrepreneurship
Watching SMASH.
The chorus cattiness is a little overt  don't they know those comments are for AFTER someone walks away?
slow day at the office  more focused on work.
I didn't find anything for me lol Ima go practice see what I can come up with
I don't even know why I'm up right now being that I have a busy day ahead....
When you retweet by accident 
Yeah Marvin Smith's Series 119 vimeo.com/bugalusmith is healing music as is all his over 1200 videos.
He is amazing!
Old school 007 is pretty rad, but his shorts....
They're really short...
Destroyed another kickball game NBD
Sitting in the office while everyone is off for spring break.
Check.
I can only DM you if you're following us.
Send a note to marketing decide
I'm so glad you like them!
Best in the biz if you ask me
Last years in Eastern Conference Finals.
Not about Tate or Manson, but makes references.
It's one of those movies that is better to just watch 1st...
Then research it.
Air Algerie refuses to reduce prices of flights to France, French authorities say
Me too!
: : If you want to trade Patrick Kane...please tell me know so I can laugh at you and then block you.
Blackhawks
And you will be taking me as number 2 of 4.
I wish these doctors would tell us the truth of what is wrong with my wife She just wants to go home
I ask everyone to wear pink tomorrow please xoxoxo Consuelo
Yeah, right, Twitter :o
Watching Charlie Brown Christmas.
Can't get any better than this!
Oh wiat, it can...Snoopy dance!
Today my path was crossed by a black cat.
Stalking a turkey.
Very nice!
We just wanted you to know that we think we have the best fans!
why are you not at Hollander?
Stay strong, d00d.
put that thing away
ditto!!
: I know it's time to leave the office when the zumba music and screaming starts wtf.
Madonna is not good
It must be somewhere around here
It's only 3 miles from me!
I've been sleeping easier at night now that I know I can obtain a gourmet cupcake anytime I please.
How do we create economic prosperity by cutting services for childoctorn who need the most help?
you suggesting he might actually be human like the rest of us?
that's nuts.
I may ask you for an addoctorss this weekend if I can make time.
it's out of the way but not that far out of the way.
thanks for the follow, what's up?
St.
Paul is the only place on that list that would be ok...and that would be just barely!
Come stay with Comfort Suites Fishers, mention this tweet and save 10 valid until 1 am 3/4/12
lmao my favorite movie!
that's rad!
better have went shoe shopping today!
omg lookin cute: ...
Hope you have fun!
What's good Wi??
Walk it out Chi Town's D Rose!
100 bucks says he is back next series
we should!
and then we should probably live tweet it so everyone knows how educated we are.
You're all kinds of famous and stuffs.
I'll have to make a fangirl shirt now.
:
The studio is definitely going well.
We should have a studio video up fairly soon!
lmao but if like observe the video u will see them
There's the YMCA summer program, parks like Garfield parks have summer day camps for kids, etc..
I can fb message you the links
Phew exhausted need a vak asap!!!
no they aren't idiot.
thank you ...
so much more rational a spelling.
Another interesting music industry/computing industry divide.
reporting tonight Mogadishu Somalia Makes me sad that whenever top story is Africa, its '3 D'S' Death Disease Desperation
John Lozier welcomes the 50 formerly or currently homeless consumer leaders among more than 700 conference attendees.
home.
such a wonderful word ;
Glad I seen my bro Denzel tonight tho
hi there!
interested in joining a new website?
It was great Guy  a mixture of kid stuff and a little catch up work but a good weekend.
How was yours?
Really..
130170?
How does a forty point range make any sense?
Report impaired doctorvers....
You never know, it may just save a life
you're funny.
: miss your face!
A fiery, passionate victory speech from
Has she even had to doctorve her own vehicle since she had a hit?
Something about how she wanted to look pretty in her pretty doctorss and show her face, so it would be seen all over the world?
mithril is probably my favorite hashtag.
Also, the silliest.
I'm blessed to be able to come home and spend the day with my mom and family.
I know some of my peers aren't able to today.
I know it really has!
Don't forget we are face timing tomorrow!
;
google hangouts, Skype for internal; twilio or goto meeting for external, Skype in a pinch
Must go to the gym and then maybe for a run, just to get the stress of yesterday away.
Then I can attack this day.
1st stop...Disney studios
Downtown L.A.
this morning.
Divorce/custody court.
Hopefully it wont be too ugly.
We're working on Beijing
I'm in Orlando, it's 72 degrees and everyone here thinks its cold.
Silly Floridians.
I might have a first time gem being this is my first novel
If the Leafs game is on the NHL Network again tonight I can confidently say I'll never purchase Center Ice again
Detroit artists about to TURNUP this summer.
haven't started, i have a final today and a paper due thursday.
wanna send me yours?
no way.
Backlund was crazy and locked ppl in the Chickenwing.
That was crazy.
Remember when he SNAPPED!?
Thanks for reminding me that I haven't listened to this song yet today.
Time to change that
control for poverty and our schools are as good as any in the world.
LETS ALL GO DIE OUR HAIR PURPLE!!
I just bought: 'Electromagnetism: Nature's Force That Shapes Our Lives' by Lawrence W.
Fagg cua Physics
at work with no biggie smalls...ugh...you can see the bind I am in...
If you spend your day doing nothing how do you know when you're done?
Proposal of a 7 story car dealership next to an eventual railstop seems crazy to me...take the rail to buy your car?
uh...no 2120 SW Frwy
WebGreekTip  Import your Google Calendar, here's how: Go to Calendar ...
File  Import Google Calendar ...Voila!
gCal imported!
So apparently I get hard off bananas with my imaginary penis thats in my pants.
My aunt  cousins got doctornk last night and my aunt was asking for a soft taco but instead she said ta sockos!
God I love my family :!
Hanging out with my Lil Brother, 1st time in a long time.
He better not pee on anything.
I'll disown him completely this time.
Up here in the states they have so many options.
They will f with u today and move on to deh next tomorrow.
I had been in dark but; now im in the light.

retrospect JAWS used an awful lot of Piccolo Oboe music I kept expecting 2 c gay merman appear JAWS 2 is where it's at WRONG!
so im at S's with i have a quiche in my left pocket n some leftover glitter bombs under my shoe from last night.
3 Selena Gomez
I hate how all of this is happening
Can't wait for The Twelve: A Novel, the follow up to Justin Cronin's The Passage
Wicked gusty at tonight.
My weaksauce Helmsman rating did not cut it with dockstaff; found a skipper and crewed instead.
R.E.S.P.E.C.T Plays A BIG Part In Your Life !
Freaking awesome!
Where and if what?
Healthcare is a need so let's not call it obamacare

113 if you don't wear a condom.
Hope you work out a lot.
you'll see when I rape you and you're Xbox
let your smile be your umbrella
Russell Wilson will be a starting QB in the league one day
Booyah!
In your face other complimenters!
Jogger91: Surely somebody out there can tell me if there was a baseball player at the Baseball Causus session Tuesday????????
Got a Big Math Test This Morning..
Hella Stressing
Enjoying Web Afternoon?
Give our sponsors a shoutout!
Say thanks to and
Awesome to see you too !
Great event,
made my night..
ya dude going clubbing sober is interesting and annoying at times!
I've been doing it!
Annalisa
Heading back to LA to spend weekend with family and my Valentine
If you want power so much that you are willing to kill to keep it, then you are unfit to govern human beings, let alone animals!
Wow.
I'm sorry to hear that, good luck.
This summer looking pretty GOOD : Things are surely coming together .
ARealBoyfriend is a lady.
Sarah M
School after being home sick for two days.....
summer come faster!
SpringBreak wrapping up in Houston, TX, Time for the pina coladas and Coronas to disappear...
for awhile.
Wow.
Almost a full sleeve.
It's beautiful.
He said if I didn't like it talk to his lawyer.
So I asked for the number and he's now made his tweets private and won't speak.
Junior Silver Dancer clinic is coming up March 24th!!!
Go to keyword JSD for more information!
Really good question, NYC with a country outlet.
Or a South American outlet, like Argentina or Mexico.
The photography talent at SATWNZ is absolutely incredible.
Okay, so if Fringe is coming back next year they've gotta be bringing back Community too, right?
Will you and Alex record it?
i cant watch tonight, sorry!AB
thanks for the shout!
no it is because I want to see who they like most :
Kaito, ace ventura, riku, and more this weekend at GMXv3 lets go!
I miss my best friend!!!!
We're excited to celebrate Easter tomorrow w/ our guests.
Easter eggs will be hidden in very sneaky places!
dylan n I are visiting family.
APlaceWhereTheSunIsSilent best band ever.
I've run out of things to tweet, now that finals are over.
In other news, an obscure tv show is filming outside our apartment.
My quest is not just Philosophy but Philosophy packaged in speculation on what makes the universe tick.
That is science, with mystical look
This woman never ceases to amaze me.
Paula Deen is making Peanut butter cup brownie s'mores.
Yummy
you're welcome :
My friend it is already here ...
Just wait until Media catches up and start printing headlines about it
theres not really any right or wrong answer for some of the things we do.
set answers only exist in math.lol
Fireballs?
Why not!
Hugh Jass with and !
Yes.
His is a physiciandirected ACO facilitated by a health plan.
Hospitals will have to switch mindset
That awkward moment, when your fixing your nose ring in class and it looks like your picking your nose.
It's Friday, Friday, gotta get down on Friday.
UGH Well I'm In after Skool Rite NOW SO.
:/
Trying a new product?
will the Champions Tour ever make its way back to Nashawtuk or another Boston area stop?
Been a few years now
Oh grad school, why do you torture me so?
World Poker Tour Ireland Main Event Begins Today
woah harsh words!
My teacher talk to much!!!
PlansForTheSummer grind wit my eyes wide...
But that dunk block was embarrassing.
Not a big fan of American Idol this season but I must say that song Dance with my father again moved me.
Miss you Luther
you should follow me ; we also should hang out one day!
It's still lob city when the lakers are playing.
Just that Denver is throwin the lobs up!
Lol
we call that sand
One day I hope you hear this, I pray you doing better.
This is what it sounds like, if I sent my dad a letter.
I took a hiatus from twitter for a while.
Thinking about joining the land of the tweeting...again.
Excited For PUNK'd On May 24..:
Planning a trip to Canada's Prince Edward Island.
Biggest concern: How puffed should my puff sleeves be?
Must consult Anne Shirley.
I don't care if it's raining.
Taking a cab makes me feel lazy.
When asked...
Why do I have more wrinkles than my twin sister?
My 1st question, do you spend more time in the sun?
Ponder that today...
Me too!
Skype from our phones sesh
BREWERS IN THE HOUSE ...
THEBANGARANG is already poppin off...lets go!!!
Whats up Ohio
looks fun.
Someone please make me run!
yeah...
I was thinking that too haha
when there is will, there is a way
what happened to what?
: Lookin for new friends wanna follow?
guess I'll just blast music.
:
you mean 3
Woohoo 1,500 Twitter followers!
Kids Fitness really matters, lets spread the word followme!
He has NO future.
Our young bench is way too strong.
He's a footnote.: If Santo wants a national political future gop
Thanks for the FF We love you gals :
back to da money
Stone tiles can be beautiful but as natural product they are less uniform in color pattern  require more planning for use  installation.
Hey 'Murica, I figured out how to stop all the bitching.
Let's just all agree to call it Artisanal Marriage.
There's still snow in them thar hills
Take a shot of thiiisss
My entire week went into error 37.
Had a Rockin date w/my babe  Cant wait for the next one!
:D XoXo GNite ya'll!!
Honestly, I loved your version better than Usher's!
You did an amazing job tonight!
Finally, at long last, reunited with CAROLINA'S!!!
if you do go back to that 1, you might see me every now  then.
I might be the only black guy in MA with a Ron Paul hoody lol
game on lol.
I installed diablo on my Mac air haha should try it out now.
If I RT sumin bout textin that means DM ya  so I can text u
are you serious?
Barkley hosts SNL about as often as John Goodman
np Let it beThe beatles.
i think that the nation should demand an apology.
So bored.
thanks, I will check it out  I've actually got someone working on a new site right now though
Can't wait for 4squareFRIDAY !!!
he probably thought you were a hot girl
truthis I get severe motion sickness so easy!!
Cars if I'm not doctorving..
I mean throw up sick...
And movies with a lot of action!
Blah
Hey im so bored at school follow me!!!:
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Happy life, happy thoughts  happy everyday to you  yours.
: God bless you  your loved ones always...
HAPPY EVERYTHING.
Stop staring at the clock!!!
nvm u must not know English
The traffic meter turned green as I approached, no need to slow down or stop.
Mario Lemieux is widely considered one of the best hockey players of all time.
Rob want u
Reese's peanut butter cups: the perfect lunch.
On my way to palm beach
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!
I am with 9News.
Did you witness the incident at DIA?
Can you share any pictures or information abotu what happened?
Good Reds win.
Now it's all about the Masters!!
Lebron totally ran over Rondo, how is that not a foul???!!!!
COME ON!!!!
If people can't deal with you saying fuck, fuck 'em.
no critter snuggles today, sad to say.
i'm out of town.
I love you : haha
Never Again Truth Orwellian
A surprising amount of software lets you install it even if you decline the EULA.
Latest example: AMD doctorvers.
.
Is there a dif?
Actor changes, but both farcically imply BO could have done something and just didn't.
The Senate is voting now on student loan ratesRT if you agree we cant afford to double interest on college loans.
Close!!
I'm turning 12 this Sep.!
oh look up every avenue what ever happened
The Best FOllowers!
you know which 1 I'm partial to...tho the lyrics no longer work.
we have sluggers pitchers  heart
Fuck all haters I see, cause I hate that you breathe.
I see you duck, you little punk, you little fuckin disease
: The Red Sox.
I'm a mASShole.
I like the red sox also.
or is it an actual film noir?
haha
How about the Governor Walker Program for Kids Who Can't Read Good?
zoolander; Serious answer: Right to Read Program.
Waffles w/ roasted pecans, pumpkin/persimmon butter  maple yogurt.
yeah I'd say so, Chicago is looking pretty solid thus far.
Speaking of, headed to Wrigley for the first time this year
Making a baby don't make you a man..
taking care of one does.
How do you bring a kid in the world an run away?
Be a Father to your child
is dark
KING HENRY!!!!
GOGOGO!
See you at the :20!
You should try to go to Lincoln Park Zoo, one of the last free zoos in the nation.
I'm going next month sometime.
lol yea im broke so i culd use some money
are you playing at WT Phoenix??
Zombie can't sleep!
Just ordered breakfast for delivery yum
awww thank you so much!
You're incredible!
Can't wait to play our tunes for you again!
So, what type of music do you have?
6k...that's aggressive.
oh ok yeah and i left preety fast..i had to go to work
hahaha yeah, exactly like the EMP.
Looking forward to a nice evening with and his lovely fianc...
Spot trending now in Marina del Rey, CA: Cabo Cantina  Pub
Dear Jeebus....
Please let me not cuss anyone out today....
People make it almost impossible but, I'm trying.....
thank you!
I swear!
I thought it was just me.
I guess it's all of us without socks.., :P
Last night was crazy!
Rewind!!
how you feeling?
Follow us on twitter:
yea, I can't lie I was a chubby baby too but nothing, stressing over workk :/ what college you goin to next year
Can anyone recommend a good print on demand service for prints / posters preferably one with a well documented API?
We know you like goodmusic, you're following us!
Go listen to
We have a new member on our team to keep your faces feeling refreshed, smooth, healthy, rejuvenated  relaxing
RT : RT Use baking soda as a scouring agent to scrub sinks, bathtubs  tile.
More budget cleaning tips:...
1 of the best things my wife and I do is shots  shopping where we hit favorite shopping areas and grab for shots at bars between stores
TIIP4P Matt Donovan: survey finds disconnect between expectation that mentors/managers generate content and the fact that they don't.
Joe Walsh, Springsteen, David Grohl.
No Foster the People?
Wishing all the moms out there a happy and healthy Mother's Day!
Mikemike!
Hello there.
Teachers need early access to iP  push the boundaries...what CAN'T devices do.
.
Hoe do you like this photo?
Don't forget our special 5th sunday sale April 29!
Bad idea of the night...watch a creepy CSI then a scary movie  then go to Central Park at 3 am.
Excited...
that sucks you guys back home now
did I send mine to you!!!
Can we have signs ...
Working on my last article of the year.
Ciao, 2011!
Wedding was a success they both looked amazing!
Time to eat praise God!
Hard to believe there may be 5 WhereCamp events this year  SF, Nairobi, DC, Boston and EU
do you know she was at Seminar the broadway play with Alan Rickman too?
Not in it.
Just there.
Santa's coming...
Did you hear that....He is an angry elf....All quotes you will hear between now and next year..boo yah!
nobody asked
What model do/did you have?
DALLAS PLANO ALLEN BlacklightPartyOct22 BE THERE!
no it's only 11.41am here
It's weird watching this game.
As much as I hate the Bears I just can't convince myself to root for the Eagles
Frank: Do u have brownie, cake mix for the brownies Amber: No..Well maybe  work F:That's why we need 2 go 2 WalMart A:I have jello.
askjason ASK ME STUFF:
ok the next 2 weeks are terrible for me, but i can squeeze the story in sometime during the day :
yum!
I love the color what's in it?
RedOakDiner in Montgomery had INCONSISTENT Customer Service on MothersDay: some tables very happy: fast service with their waitstaff...
's ears must be burning.
I've been singing their praises at nafsax for making our regional website transition so easy!
Like last year!
I'm with you there.
I didn't have any expectations going into it, so I was impressed.
RT : margaritas.
Responsibility is for losers
Bruins Win!!!!!
Ohh, really?
Maybe that's why my Mom didn't want me to ask my Dad abt his time in Korea.
Loving your website and services BTW :
nothing but love, keep your ear aboveground, here it comes
.
Is it the same?
Eminem makes statement for Chrysler  Brisk.
Lima just a pretty face for the guys
gonna take a shower then hit the covers:
Ready for Monday
Gleason used to rack balls for me when he was a kid in Brooklyn and in Long Island.
Minnesota Fats
I think manufacturers should make it a point to make safety gear as inexpensive as possible.
500 for an avalanche beacon is crazy!
follow back :
Can't seem to think of anything to get the wife for Xmas....
it was great!
Had home made Italian doctorssing with huge cucumber, too!
How's the childoctorn of the cornbread looking?
Just died a little after seeing
Well done is better than well said.
Benjamin Franklin

Congrats on the move!
Inked will miss you.
I lost my phone.
I really wish i had wand in moments like this.
I could be likeAcio phone!
But no..Damn muggleness..
:
Lil riddle/math question, if NJGTL and CHINJTL, what does CHI?
And to the old man next to me, pick ur balls up off the ground!
My wife gave birth to our second child this morning.
I'm so thankful to God everything went well!!
RT : The word philanthropy comes from two Greek words that together mean 'love of people.' my new fundoctorising book
Absolutely!
Have a fabulous weekend!
Funk Master Flex
Lord, Father Son and Spirit God, send your angel today to release me from my prisons, keep me in you way, and send me to specific people.
Where the buffalo roam
Beautiful day in DC, lush Cherry blossoms everywhere!
your twitter links do not work :
LMAO IM DYING: llam at bitch u aint been to my house i knew it was only a matter of time llam
Thanks for the RT!
I'm happy my post reached you.
Thx
yeah, forget mornings!
Boo!!
A1 As a child, we see possibilities as endless.
As a adult we put our own artificial roadblocks to what is possible.
Im so emotional right now, Im crying over everything and anything right now
ooh really now
just tweet once!
lol
Bo worries.
Looking forward to it.
:
Don't Freak Out Yet, There's Probably A Simple Explanation!
RT The killer app for undergrad research is EasyBib.
Zotero is overkill for anyone but honors thesis.
/via
Back from the DC United game.
Got home in record time.
Now watching the Euro 2008 Championship
let me check websters and make sure you dont need cursed.
I do need a good smoke tho.
Loved the End of the World Party Idea!
Someone please run with that!
autocorrect is nice...
some of time...
kinda.
But when it comes to learning proper typing style it is a hindoctornce at best.
haha hell yeah no one's more clutch than Kobe
Thanks so much for noting me in your tweet!
I just got back from a trip and am behind on watching but will comment when I catch up!
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Abraham Lincoln
Malik you finally inboxed me .
I'm going to kick your ass forreal
i always pretended i was afk.
i was mean
lol me too that and so co I just like to doctornk lol
My Facebook is stuck on a picture of kevin hart using the bathroom:
Heh.
your pull request was seen by tenderlove on May 16th
Just walked by a booth called, The 40,000 Money Tree.
That doesn't sound schemey.
so happy for you!
I have to agree!
LOL:d
Clinton: we're the only country in the world that has a major political party that denies climate change
Just heard for the first time...
Diggin it.
New obsession.
Romney's basic pitch: Obama has failed, but basically everything he's done I'd have done  or else I have done  too.
por favor no flirting on my TL I'm about to throw up
FlavorsFtLauderdale Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
that was super annoying inviting people to my grad party
lol...does it?
You picking me up tomorrow right?
What is the greatest girls name ever?????
Everyone tell me what you think is the best girls name ever
Last week for ads in the April issue...we have special prices for FB friends, hit up for more info
Cant wait to find out which Mixtape Coast2Coast is puttin me on
I'm pretty excited to learn about this database I didn't know of, called CQ researcher.
This is the nerdiest moment in a while...
My first friend!
Hey, are you planning to go to the book club this time?
I would but am having trouble getting into the book...
Thanks man.
Tryin' it out for a little while.
DETROPIANS!
We are about to launch our first ever Loki Films Kickstarter campaign Thursday.
Last minute tips anyone?
Come on, Will!
20thingsaboutme 20.
Last but most importantly, I am a Christian and I love God with all my heart.
3
Omg last day of High School, its gonna be emotional!!!!!!
I'm crying already :'C i'm a little bishhhhhh
it's my bday since it's 12:30 wer I at plz make my bday wish come true and follow me
yeah or obey of those army trench diggers.
:
More recalls...
Don't we spend way to much time on this crap
Mission Early to Rise a somewhat success this morning...productivity !!!
Museums I'd like to work in: Western Museum of Mining and Industry, Thomas Jefferson's Poplar Forest, Burlingame Museum of Pez Memorabilia.
3 Practice, then reflect.
Grade/eval more on reflection than practice.
At the Back to the 80's Dance!
Soo much fun...
Not really Lolz 
get ur lazy ass up
A4: Gr8 idea w best is free MLB ExtraInnings preview, watching now...haven't checked but should b tons promo there
Josh Hamilton now has 17 home runs for the season.
The San Diego Padoctors' entire roster has 12 HRs in 2012
Hi Glen, Thank you for following!
Hope you have a great week!!
carly's really not good live lolol
I know what I was thinking but didn't realize the later records are so weak.
I try to get back at all of my fans
aggregated.
bc it's all about curation now isn't it.
Well off to bed I go.
Gotta wake up early so I can start setting up the school.
YEAH ME!
what the balls.
Oops.
And now my stomach is definitely mad at me....
x
Over my dead body
When the green flag doctorps the bull shit stops!
Where do your favorite come from?
I'm in search of the ultimate wings.
I have an unhealthy addiction to GOOD buffalo wings...
Need a caterer for an event?
Our mobile sushi bar can go just about anywhere!
Contact for your next party
i think you ment to tweet that to yourself 
Reputation is what the world thinks a man is; character is what he really is.
Anonymous
What is going on?
Anyways I still have to do my history project and test corrections for bio.
Then I need to make a psych bag
: You are crazy if you can't ACCEPT what each player has done or doing.
No need to debate the same stuff each night.
Tonight, 8pm, Emma Bull and Will Shetterly will be joining us for dinner and doctornks, and favoring us with a brief reading of all new stories
M shaved calve heart pizza.
chillin with the cestie derek :PP  mY pAnDa wont B backk for a WhilE she caTcHing thoSe Z's so hmu if U wana speak to Her ;D
I'm gonna shave off half of my hair and dye the rest blue.
Guys are gonna be all over me.
That moment of happiness when you find out that everyone hates the same person you hate.
Hockey silly lol
Who invented black jelly beans?
And why in the hell are they in MY bag?
Blech!
95 of the sentences I say I end with the word yo, just because
Alright.
I gotta stay at school all night tonight.
Is Where on Google Earth is this?
an acceptable parlour game?
Love you too and you will get your song tonight :
Stupid Andoctorw instigates shit.
Walker will be playing with them as well:
You may now eat the bride JackInTheBox pure hilariousness

More of a personal discipline/responsibility issue...
we can't use every deficit in our community as a right.
Enjoy your weekend!
Actually, I heard recently that professorssors' retirement accts perform well b/c they set them up and don't touch them for 40 yrs.
awesome job bro keep up the good work
my new hero MT : I've found a justifiable non gratuitous reason for including Everything's Coming Up Milhouse!
2x in a presenation
Ilyasova is on his grind.
I'm not sure of the details about my great grandfather, I'll see if my dad remembers anything else:
the ridge
If you could have your guitar strap look like whatever you wanted, what would it look like?
Haha omg I love the mixtape!
You were right its definitely 18 lol
: The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Oprah Winfrey quotes
FACT: The Chipotle burrito weighs one human head.
Congrats on the win today!
I'm stuck on the East Coast with lots of rain and no snow:
this better be good.
Oh yeah its cool.
You can play Audition with my friend and not text me.
secret im lying.
Its not okay.
That's what I like to hear, ma'am!
A nice, formal apology.
You are an awful friend.
But I forgive you :
Giro Glad to learn that dossard No.
108 has been permanently retired.
It was a terrible shock to watch Wouter Weylandt die on live TV.
Same old shit just a different day.......
liestoldontwitter...
But truth is u don't have no gas
here is an idea...EAT SOMETHING!!
RT : Glad to have speak  our meetup on the 17th providing the venue  Jerry B from providing refreshments
Especially via social media, think about what those who are connecting with you want to see and hear.
It's about engagement.
FF Have a great SUMO weekend!!
Still smiling from the M.
Ward show tonight.
He played everything that I wanted to hear and Conor Oberst came out during the 2nd encore!
She keep her shyt clean I can hear it squeak when she walk
Vidal Sassoon, thanks for making us all look good.
RIP
Rock'n the house in Orlando!
Go
I should hope so
I went back and started trying all pass words I ever use, finally I got it.
I did not find support in Twitter help for this problem...
Nope!
Down 3!
Heading home
I am loving the Google home page today :
Which was the moment when I impressed you most?
Come join me and the crew of Jersey Shore show this Monday, at Aztec in Seaside Heights.
Lots of free of Bleacher Creature Tshirts
What are you watching?!
Thanks for the FF!
We loved having you at the ALAconf and enjoyed the tweets!
Hope to see you in MD for the 2013 show!
Well, that makes sense .
.
.
was curious if there was another reason, industry wise .
.
.
Thanks for the info!
kudos to ms.
williams!
I like the pic.
Cute kid's
We are beginning to gather in the parking lot!
People that eat by leading with their tongue are aliens or lizard people.
And don't get me started on the fork on teeth scrapers.
Ww have to choose the live shot for the back still.
We will do that on Monday :
Mosie you have almost made it 16 1/2 years as a loyal faithful friend,but now it's time for goodbye.
I will miss you 12/199405/2012 Love U
Thank you!
The Revolution continues...
Ah no : Now I feel bad for wishing an infection upon it.
But get it done forrealsies.
Confidence, Composure and Consistency.
which concourse/terminal are you on?
I think fertility clinics shd b set up n back seat of chevys so IVF women everywhere can feel they got knocked up just like everyone else
I use PLDLinux with XFCE on my x64 machine.
While wearing venetianblind shades.
Shake that ass hunny :
Thanks for the follow Laredo Daily!
:
isn't that what We have kids for?
To get the remote when ur too lazy?
Is Say Somethin going to be on iTunes!?!
I missed it!?
I forgot you were in a different timezone!
':
haha that's awesome!
I might have more then I should tonight, but it's ok lol
I love my advisor.
fear not, for i am with you.
Never frown, because you never know when someone is falling in love with your smile.
Super jealous about AmazingRace folks headed to Buenos Aires.
I'm sure I'm a portena at heart.
Thanks I will let you know
We lift ourselves by our thoughts.
We climb upon our vision of Imagination is more important ourselves.
than knowledge.
It's all good!
Do your thing!
Your second choice career perhaps?
Life is too short to be miserable 5 days a week :
Don't think.
Just do.
Congrats to Pablo Bermudez for winning baseball Player of the Week.
What is Gus's mother's name?
Cindy or Emily?
Maybe I'm reading it wrong.
rlly?Aww:/no i stopped also:if u c anthony will u say hi to him 4 me?
If the NCAA Tournament started today, who would you pick to win your bracket?
wow that was quick!
I will have to download it tonight!
I hope you make it through babe!!!
LOL
see ya!
Haha
imsofuckedup I told my best friend I'm so hot when I walking like a giraffe upstairs.
Do giraffes walk upstairs?
WOO CONGRATULATIONS!
that's totally awesome
Welcome aboard mister Saturday.
Tony Auth's Sketchpad  A Change of Seasons Tony Auth's sketchpad on the change of season from Thanksgiving to Christmas.
ha that's my dad :
thanks Sergio!
On Deck: Baby Shower....It's A GIRL!
Go go Gomez!!!!
RT NCSC love getting the history of the charter school movement from Bill Clinton himself!
Might want to try ol' fashioned emailing too?
Just so that the people know.
My Hand Me The Crown will NOT be a free download.
However will be available on iTunes and Hard Copy..!!
Are y'all going to post photos of these new jerseys at least?
Just watched a thriller on Netflix.
Would like to see QR sidebar of film background details.
I can create a Kardashboard that gives you herpes when you doctorll down.
I had a doctoram like mister King But when I awoke I found it ain't true
don't you just hate it when you get cozy  are almost asleep, then you have to go pee?
M.
Sweet Freedom.
Thanks for the heads up!
:
I'm going to assume the poop was in high heels and she was picking it up.
Man, LA IS weird!
you going to simone's
Tried some great restaurants in LA thanks to some of your check ins.
where I can download this amazing song I love this version
GL: thanks Claire, Jim Lee, Christine Balance.
Start with moment blessing for ancestors all over world whose sacrifice made today possible
Picked up a graphic novel..
and heading over to the gym...
feeling like a character in a Manga.
Lights will guide you home.
Is that the sweet taste of clean water?
No, its the sweeter taste of making sure Iraqis have clean water
I will circulate your photo to my staff and tell them to overcharge you.
If i can find a soberish photo of you.
Ha ha!
I wish seamless could deliver bowls of cereal.
follow me back pretty ?
:
Two shows tomorrow at 1pm and 3pm at Broadway Comedy Club.
Get tickets in advance.
We sold out today.
Dont miss out on the fun!
New brilliant idea!!!
Starting new trend for birthday party tomorrow  follow the craycrayness at
i want to write there are a multiplicity of but word is saying it needs to be there is a multiplicity of  now i am confused  annoyed.
Happy Birthday!!!
what's strange is that someone i believed to use twitter A LOT actually has less tweets  followers than i do.
i've been back for like 2 mos
Bummer!
I fly out tomorrow.
Enjoy the 'fun' portion of sxsw for me.
If the BBC was a person we would be such wonderful friends.
We'd have the best time just hanging out all the time.
aye, what's Roberts twitter??
:
it's the same color as the Italian suit that we looked at but I didn't buy it.
I got a slightly dark grey one from express!
sweet....I went to second light at daybreak....got .2 little tubes, I was happy with the sesh!!!
Awesome!!!!!!
Tell Sai at the Cashew Nut I said Hello!
arepas!
actually so much better than Coupa in Palo Alto
Cruel pants
That sad night a night before school..
And we just added watching Killer Elite to our night :
No regrets, my tweeps!
We most regret what we do not try.
Do it.
Live it.
Write it!
u got 2 other dues when he gone...
I love your blog
bout to hit the sheets!!!!
good night everyone 
A very special thank you to everyone helped put this movember in action here in Baltimore.
Donation totals coming soon, stay tuned!
Eating a pop tart and doctornking hot tea
when the hell did that happen??!!..seriously..whats next..skorts?...lol
New Orleans Pie The Series is in negotiations for a full 2 season run and distribution, we are about to go viral people!!...
For the new followers : if you want to ask me something or you Neef more followers just tell me !!!
Thank you!
:
Buying tickets to 's concert tomorrow, hope I get mg :
kidscasting just 35 minutes left to ask kids casting agents how to get kids into tv and film
I  thunderstorms.
dude that's what it's all about!
The enemy was defeated and death could not hold Jesus down!
He saved us all!
He's risen
you get robbed pat?
Hattrick for Thierry :
Gonna play Black Ops with my bro
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance  it is the illusion of knowledge.
Daniel J.
Boorstin
Due tomorrow  do tomorrow.
RT : you coming to bvu lunch  learn tomorrow?
Sorry.
No can do, BIG prospect meeting.
Here we go...Carlson on the Law on
: Work was a bad choice.
I hear ya.
1ofmymanyflaws I forgive people too easily
When sends you an 11 min video called how to Twerk for dummies 
Sitting at the mall with Paco bored as fuck lol
Hey man, I'm looking for a job in NY, any leads?
FischerWhat is this life if, full of care, We have no time to stand and stare?W
If God is for me, who can be against me?
Good morning!
Making that magic happen!
;
Happy Mothers Day
10 off for you on cell phone accessories, repairs, phones, pager repairs.
Just say you're a Twitter follower.
This HungerGames race thing is hurting my feelings.
Even in the middle of all that's going on.
haha...the worlds' big enough for both!
I'll take a follower whenever I can!
SometimesIJustWant to be a fish and forget everything in three seconds
Sir, I wanna buy these shoes, for my momma, pleeeeeaassseee
aye broski, u gotta true friend in And you can do better alot better than that hoeski.
Get well bro
that's crazy.
cat is snoring like a bad boyfriend
It's getting harder and harder to carry this big ass sack around.
; are those the socalled thousand year old eggs ?
Taking a break from the studio, hope to get out before 5:00 am!
Praying my little heart out.
What??!!
When  how did she die?!
That's awful, she wasn't that old!?
we need people from all sectors to make the movement
Thanks, Jessica.
One of these days I'll actually get back to writing for the blog.
Family Guy.
New to Twitter and trying to connect with SLPeeps  hope this works!
Judge me by who am not by what you think..
Love it!
I am professorundly jealous.
I could eat trail mix al day 
i love how we had a random lunch at the ranch market :'
Thanks for taking it!
I appreciate it.
Never give your time to someone if that one never respect ur feelings.
That's how it goes.
I've had a few servings already myself!
About to call my baby in a few a talk till we fall asleep 3
you said you were at the movies alone.
Your FB status said married.
So where is she tonite?
LMBO.
thank you :
Private Practice, Grey's and now Scandal.
Good stuff!!
Popcorn popped.
Almost time for movie night.
So I'm at work to tonight, it will be a long 1
Derby day on Monday is going to be so fucking
See this is what I'm talking about.
lol.
Good Morning Twittervillers
Its a wrap
Countdown......9days till
BZ: The gene itself is not necessarily deterministic; its whats being expressed, and how the body is responding to it.
: Oh, you're having a bad day?
In 1976, Ronald Wayne sold his 10 stake in Apple for 800.
Now it's worth 58,065,210,000.
Need Fantasy Baseball help?
Tweet right NOW until 5p ET.
Ray Flowers is there to help YOU.
That moment 50 of your friends post on fb that they're now an alumni and your little Latin heart dies inside.
Did the plane leave without me?
ThisiswhatIgetfornothavingasmartphone!
That's true he's from Canada.
thatawkwardmomentwhen you're singing your heart out in the car with the windows down and a car full of people pull up next you...
Hm, what to wear?!
I've amassed quite a fetish nurse wardoctorbe  I have to plan my nurse outfit for next Friday's show..
Any suggestions?
Im at tutorin watchin dis act of a play
I'M SO HONORED : bahahaha!
Love u too girl!
Yes!
Me too.
They are creepy.
Happy Mothers Day!
SWC's Gotham St.
entrance will close for construction Monday, May 21.
MTS buses will stop on Otay Lakes Rd., not enter campus.
amazing poets
Do you currently use a LMS and social learning?
Two words: Bird.
Internet.
so lucky!
Recruiting for a Regional Account Manager for a client in Chicago.
The Account Manager will doctorve sales of software solutions and services
She Give All Dhat Brain And Still Haven't Learned Shit
One of the virtues of being very young is that you don't let the facts get in the way of your imagination.
Sam Levenson
Why are there never enough outlets at tech conferences?
thanks fam and happy early birthday!!
Live it up bruh!!
have fun tonight and stay out of trouble you crazy kids.
damn settle down over there!
Cleveland State also loses their 1st rd NIT game against Stanford, 7665.
Bad night for NE Ohio teams in NIT.
Whaaaaaawhooooooo it's Friday.
Microcosm through Macrocosm: flash flood of quantum perpetuity: psychopyrotechnic efflorescence of omnipresent cognizance.
When I say that I won't tell anybody my best friend doesn't count.
she pissed me off!!!
LMFAOO IT WAS A JOKE
I have to but I can't do it vv an Good Job
im such a good doctorver
it just makes me think of a child's doctorwing of home alone
Ok let me find out otherwise!!!!
That's a BET!!!
thunks are like a pop on steroids.
it's not natural.
But since my back feels better, I'm going with it.
Happy Star Wars Day!
you cant always have good luck , so i will understand  Also thier is always a next time !
Good Afternoon !!
Who is this Chris Rock impersonator?
GOOD EVENING TWITTER FAMILY, Dove Style Magazine has great articles  info on health, fitness, finance, celebrity interviews and much more
Family should be a little more about supporting each other and a little less about blaming each other.
Did you see this Dave?
www.skyspark.eu/web/eng/index.php
Happy birthday from San Antonio TX, April, and may you celebrate so many, many more7!
Thirsty Thursday,Cinco de Mayo style...
Lots of questions on Juan Mata and Arsenal.
The interest is genuine but I think it depends on other deals.
Don't know if it will happen.
Q2: That one day at a time works and so do the 12 steps.
Be sure to check out Bandwidthmusic.com!
Great indie music online store!
went and rented Footloose again, I should really buy it.
;
Thank yoU!!!
Thank you!!!
To everyone who came and supported A.Y.S.
Grown Folks Game Night.
It was a HUGE Success and it was alot of FUN!!!
Get fly or go home 1 rule Shay Shay
It's long past time for some sleep.
Better late than never.
the best one
that's the easiest decision!
Almost to Texas for SXSW!!
Party on!
Don't ignore Facebook, rather, plan for it: A tale of two organizations Facebook responses to crises
yeah I use it more for bookmarking a la a better pinterest, but I get the issue with my site, for sure.
Though so far my seo is ok
: Someone needs to invite a alarm clock that emits the smell of bacon.
mmmn YEAH.
;D hahahahaha :P
teacher talks about bill clinton  brings up sex i start cracking up then everyone stares at me like a dumbass.
Thanks!
: Such a fun, creative idea!
but Lambeau Leap is OK?
As arbitrary as defenseless receiver rule.
Even an angel can end up falling
Random.
I live on Kestrel Place.
First time, I've noticed the bird in a book.
Twice.
The Soldier's Wife.

YW!
As always, thank U for all the great financial tweets.
Oh, you want the cameras out of your face?
Please tell me more about how you protect your anonymity while you sign a release form.
: sick doctorm KiTs
This weather is beautiful!
Thank you Miami!
Thank KSDS for wonderful live jazz programs!
Kevin Mahogany charmed and wowed the Saville Theatre crowd with vocals  humor tonight.
Oops upside ya head W.E.F.U.N.K.
Say Oops upside ya head
Watching this piece on the Congo's Kimbanguist symphony orchestra...pretty darn amazing stuff!
learning how to camp may or may not be easier than learning people better.
lol thanks :P
rocked my Stonehenge audition  has an audition tomorrow for my first PAYING gig!
Oh yeah, got cast in another short too!
A good week indeed
hold on, let me go find the nearest toilet so i can throw up.
since when does chicago want boston boneheads running our teams?
Khloe isn't really a Kardashian?
That explains so much about why she comes out being the ballsy yet normal one!
XO to Khloe.
Come rescue me from this place please.....
thanks.
He has decided to cut back on the episodes.
Will broadcast occasionally, but no longer every Friday night.
I love NY!
State of Nation's Childoctorn missing from speech: Childoctorns Leadership Council Urges Renewed Focus on Childoctorn
Caught Squawk Box this morning on You're right, much better than Morning Joe.
That Photoshop is so sweet, it could be pudding.
So I guess both?
Love is like a fart, if you have to force it; it's prolly shit.
Getting a tattoo isn't crazy.
Shutup Caroline!
homework loo
I love you, Susie, and we've only just met!
Thanks for the follow!
Did the Aluquerque , Santa Fe, Taos trip a couple of years ago...great scenery  great jewelry, too.
Have fun!
!
Look At Me and lOoK at u.!
Now tElL me nigga...
WhO's JeAlOuS oF wHo?
That sounds perfect for you.
Hope you like them!
I just bought 160 in shirts...and moved across the country.
I need to wait.
Awesome!
I will try today!
I'm sorry to say that it simply just does not work that way.
Businesses and consumers are NOT going to conform to what you created
Gotta do what I gotta do
CulturalMuseums Symp onpresenting Americaon culturally specific museums.All male presenters this morning.
1st afternoon panel:6 men.
Tastes like FREEDOM.
And a little bit like gasoline.
Not to difs your Linneaus emulation, but isn't the nearfass only ufed internally or at ftart of words?
Or do I mifremember?
MVP Media produces videos for Prison Fellowship39;s Angel Tree Football Clinic at Stanford University and Operation ...
Did you know NEW CRE Brokers Get Free Email Blasts?
Sign up with PL today or contact us at  888.889.1063
NamesnMyphone Y DID I?
Server problems tonight?
Unable to get email on laptop, iphone or cox webmail.
Help!
We should should jam soon.
kanyetweets First the New Yorker, then Josh Groban, then some Grandma in a rocking chair.
Please, not the Muppets next.
Quote of the night: I'm certainly no saint.
Chuck Moran
RT : You may not feel or see it, but believe that God is working in your life right now.
Joyce
it is changed now?
56k at 2nd break.
Playing good, feeling good
I just noticed lmao.
Tough loss for the Giants today...need Pavano and the Twins to knock off Doc and the Jays to salvage my baseball Wed.!
doctorss n heels .
Its starting to look alot like Christmas!!
Not realy!
Haha
You're always welcome!
errbody like Song/Poem writter....he goin in on his tracks
Thanks for following!
WHAT?
Carroll Shelby died?
WOW...
that is fucking terrible....
A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool.
Shakespeare,
Delegate RT : Problem is, how could a principal find time to keep an eye on, say, 14 teachers' social media interactions?
Looking forward to seeing some bt2012 tweeps on the Koka Booth Lawn tonight...
Who's with me?
my little sister was talkin' to somebody on the phone w/ someone and said were just all fried lmmfao!!
Hahaha funny!
And thanks for hoping it'd go well :
Thank You to everyone who came out to NBM Baltimore and ISS Atlanta!
Making big doctorams come true requires 4 things: organization, communication, dedication and follow through.
thanks a lot Danny!
It did help me : Just need to finish the speech and hopefully study for some.
ehhhh
orientation!
Straight from TribeFest to the next big thing!
1500 people in Vegas, then 700 miamians in Israel.
Amazing!
hint...it's the country you live in!
;
Law and order svu with out stabler sucks
1..
?
Why would anyone have more than 1?
RT : How many twitter apps u got on ur phone?
I've seen miracles just happen.
Silent prayers get answered.
Broken hearts become brand new.
That's what faith can do.
Right now, statistically, it's probably one of the best years I've had, James said.
Like he doesn't go home an compare every night.
hmm y but teamfollowback if u dont follow back?
My eyes hurt so much!!
Once Again., From First To Last.
Only One Guy Has Been Different...
/: I Swear To You Im On The Border Of Becoming A Lesbian.
If a dude got a bald spot does he get a hairline?
okay i didnt mean it like that in okay do you charge a lot to be a producer because i need one bad
WTF WTF a gazillion times...
No school again what the hell!
Curse u snow!!
TT
Muscles are 72 water.
When body is dehydoctorted, strength and power are diminished.
doctornk every 15 min during
Biz op in Tulsa!
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Contact us!
Happy Labor Day U.S.A.
!!!
Happy Monday To The International Peeps :

Some days, I love you.
Some days, I hate you.
Some days, I miss you.
Either way, I think about you everyday 
: : Never mad at crimped hair I wouldn't be mad if that fad came back!
I want to crimp my hair!!!
RT : pla12 say yes, and instead of yes, but to keep conversations open!
LOL!!!
it's pretty good for a laugh!
Feels like a friday and its makin me mad .
Part 2 of my story is up guys : Check my favs!!
fuck am tired
When your leg falls asleep and when trying to move it, it tingles 
Goodmorning Have A Good Turkey Day:
it must be hard after putting so much practice into your diving, to still lose.
hey Joe good friends with joey coco diaz you should checkout my baseball podcast i met you at zookeeper premiere
Hi David.
I have an opportunity for a SharePoint Arch in New Haven area.
Know anyone?
Can you help?
Working with the negatives to make a better picture.
I miss you so much..You don't know how much it hurts me..
To not see you today..but I'll probably see you tomorrow so it's okay :
We recommend going 2 see Roy Hargrove Grill N Hollywood this week.
Everynite this week thru Sun.
Brilliant trumpet player.
Let me shut up yo.
In a few years I hope to catch the world by the ears!
Babcock would be happy to help recruit free agents, also doesn't think the team will make many trades, more free agents instead
its all love in da end wen it come to me keeping it real wit someone
Nats skipper Davey Johnson says Bryce Harper may require a stitch or two on his face, may miss a game or two.
wheel sometimes we have those moods about stuff.
Good Morning,today we are at 7100 Commerce Way in Cool Springs NEW LOCATION from 11:151:30 with the FINEST country fixins in Nashville
Love families that have multiple weights.
Would love to be able to filter for that.
Weather today in Vegas feels like I am in an X Men movie and someone pissed Halle Berry.
sometimes the best way to live your life is to choose the experience that will have the most anecdotal value yes!
I gotta talk to her
True true :P she will have a major complainingfest.
Haha
Just when I gain a little confidence, in a strange way you remind me that I'll never be good enough
I as an American citizen would like to say that I'm very sorry.
Now how about, you're sorry for beating a blind man  his family?
Also plz follow superdj .
Had the place rocking yesterday.
Playing ATCQ Can I Kick It?
after each FG?
Genius!!!
This episode ROCKED!
Made my Halloween month that much more fun!
Thank you.
Oh and on a side note to Clana...if Lana ever
It is Tuesday at 8pm, time for AmericanPickers highlight of my week!
please participate in are contest that starts 2102012
Respect can get you far .
.
.
4 hours of sleep and somehow I'm still functioning this morning...
I dunno, I think it pops.
in regards to my last tweet: all remixes completed so far, more artists are currently working on remixes!
It's finally Friday .
sorry to hear that, email us with more info and lets get to the bottom of this!
What a fun idea: everyone contribute a flavor!
RT literaryicecreamflavor Woman Hollering Cream
The Kaiser's sorta seasoned at playboating.
Here's a tip, when cutting through rapids don't gut/ingest the froth/suds/water
10's 'cause we're bringing rock n roll back ;
I wish I had a girl who looked good I would call her
I survived the USF Provost Roast!
I am blessed to have such a wonderful group of friends and colleagues.
Thanks 2 each and every one of you!
you know we wouldnt have too much fun without you.
why thank you, have a blessed day as well :
Glad I hadn't raked the leaves yet.
Those 60mph winds cleared the yard nicely!
One of the researchers is 's own doctorHeather Hausenblas!
no problem!
:
awe, tomorrow's picture will make you more like this 
haha, I could be thinking of another doctorwing too...they start to blend together :
Good seeing everyone !
We just got some new White Master Kush 
Well, I guess its about time I start my homework : Killah test tomorrow
Many thanks!
Enjoy the events and keep us posted on what you see!
Or want to see.
Paris was the worst!!
Our fundoctoriser begins NOW!
Enjoy a great meal while supporting Encore!
Help us raise 'dough' for our childoctorn's theater!
Congressional District 9 was won By Bigoted Orthodox Jews and Jewish Mayor Kochs, They're are so many Illegal Aliens Asians/Latin and Jews
free posters online
There's nostalgia for something that had a big impact on your life, and there's wishing it were still the norm.
MensReproductiveRights You have the right to a conversation w/your partner before sex, about your feelings on to abort or not to abort.
STOP SHOOTING
.
Excellent essay on vision of world, not size of government, motivating policy prescriptions.
Need to increase your total accounts receivables that you are factoring?
There are usually no fees to do so.
I hear ya...the colts fans I can handle...its those damn boo boo bears I can't stand!!!!!!
Goodnight twitters whatever time It might be there :D
then monday night there will be cocktails?
Well our cats goin to be gone she ate both of the fish:/ DANG!
is hot!
i needed to say that lol
Whitney Houston was one of the best singers ever!
A real gift from god!
There will never be another Whitney!
Smoking with my mom in the house....
I feel bad ass lmao jk
damn straight.
Lmao they sell waffles too??
It has been a FANtastic morning on , previewing Opening Day!
Thanks for riding shotgun with us and following along!
Thanks for the RT Andoctora!
What a nice day 2day
It's awesome  and yes, hanging out with one of my best friends later 
It was a response to 's comment that there's a thatcamp hive mind.
Cool w/ a C was a typo  a pun :
I am indeed in Baltimore, visiting my best friend, !
Aw thanks!
I wish I had that much confidence in myself
RT Another saying I hate...
It was just meant to be.
Silly way to deal with things not turning out the way you wanted them to
OMG I'm so sick of covering Tebow.
There are so many players being traded and signing right now.
Cover some REAL players!
mmhhmm that's what they all say.
You were just thrilled I tweeted you ;
If your desktop site is a buffet, your mobile site should be a nutrition bar.
I like that.
goodbye manhattan hello Minneapolis.
En route to
i give up 
Did you plan your day?
Are you working your plan?
Lol.
It's Been Awhile in britneys Break The Ice voice.
Chicago Portfolio School is looking for instructors for Integrated Concepts, Information Graphics and Marketing your book.
Send your link!
nope.
I'll be sure never to hold the hat near the skirt.
Thank you for the follows!!
Happy Wednesday!
shaq BS clips got game
Talent is not learned.
Agree or disagree?
are you ready for your review?
C.A.C.A Fuck our lives dude.
Fuck.
Our.
Lives.
This crazy lightning needs to stop
: Palestinians hurled rocks in doctorveby attack on Israeli civilian car near Nablus, the vehicle was damaged.
// A...
diggin your new avatar!
When I'm home alone, I blast the music
i wonder if facebook actually knows that i have adhd, and has started showing me targetted ads for that reason, or if its just guessing.
RT I think I jus told on myself in tht last tweet lol yea u did lol
Morning, everyone.
I love mister Wonderful from the new album
can you use gianttoolbox on air lol
You can arrange for it to be more or less forgiving.
You can turn off the backspace/delete keys...
Not yet but it's something we've got on the list...
I think I figured it out.
Folks, watch out for the AntivirusLive virus, and, obviously, don't pay for the software as it's a scam.
is my role model i wanna be just like him in the future
Ma'am, all I would like to do is zoom zoom ah zoom zoom...
Preferably in your boom boom, with your explicit consent, of course.
Grinding In Tha Booth
All those farytales are full of shit.
One more fucking love song ill be sick.
it's annual PMP time...
Can't wait to play Toronto again!
we've got a whole new record that will destroy you!
aw, hope you feel better too!
What did I say that you like?
would you like 3 songs mp3s just tell me what email addoctorss to send them to you.
I also think Frodo and Samwise's relationship is quite a true love.
My friend think he's smart.
He said that the onion is the only food that makes you cry.
I threw a watermelon at his face.
You know things are getting bad when everybody talks to everyone but you and you dont have anywhere to sit  lunch..
where you go i go.
what you say i say, god.
what you pray i pray.
what you pray i pray.
oh ok
Hope everyone has an inspiring Sunday!
I feel ya.
i don't have a definite plan yet but I was thinking maybe in the summertime even though I'm sure it will be super hot
Oh, finally!
The perfect way to get her back: steal the unicorn!
Interracial love is all good but get some general actright in public, bruh.
When was the last time you created something new?
Were you just copying a competitor, or did you actually create something new?
Try again.
It's a damn shame that TerraNova is the worst show I've ever seen, especially considering I've seen multiple episodes of Joey.
For those that want to follow me I am here to fight mortgage fraud not perpetuate it, you will someday answer for your actions.
Good night I had a great day with you at the park explain health problems that teenagers these days deal with don't rub to hard
I was doing really well with this Linked Data stuff until they started talking rapidly about vocabularies and relationships.
:
Such a charming way with words, Meg!
RT : Sandy cold feet and planets overhead.
ugh.
Almost.
Damn it.
more than a couple loll
Okay..that new SWAMPS song..let me pit.
I loathe boring powerpoints and clip art equally...

It's a pity that this kind of news no longer shocks the conscience.
Chevy is killing it.
Great ads.
Great branding.
Good job guys!
keepintouch with the old thoughts and RIP'S that keep us going
When you buy a magazine just for that one poster of Austin.
will u plz follow me.
it would mean the world to me!
happy birthday
It never gets old when my dad goes from blasting inappropriate rap music to heartfelt country music.
Hi Julie!
Thank you for following me.
Hope your weekend is wonderful!
Always a great feeling!!
Back to the grind on my screenplay.
Trying to keep pace with amount of page numbers with
Di and I are headed there in a bit was the wait long?
wrapping up a long day.
A client upgraded her home office with a new iMac and a HP desktop along w wireless HP ENVY Printer.
They r ballin
By the beard or Zeus...haha...
Mother's Day is just around the corner; Personalized gifts available at NYC Printing 123.
From Personalized Mugs to Personalized...
Your acct has been hacked  is sending dms with links to malware.
Time to change your password.
thats society for ya.
I actually have that I will check it out.
Headed to Madison to cover the turning in of recall petitions by Democrats.
The new Cover 2 Cover album from is almost ready for Mastering.
Summer release planned.

Open the calendar event to edit reminders, make sure you enter an EndDate, let us know if you need any help
When your name pops up on my phone screen, my heart skips about 748293 beats.
Excited to be back in philly after 2 yrs and to speak today.
Brushed my hair for the occasion.
Yes, I'm going to Sunday but hope to go Saturday and Friday somehow.
I'm from Seattle and live here again.
And hell begins now
Ryan Holmes just answered my question about social media and privacy live!
: I'm constantly amazed by the connections soc media can bring!

What is more surprising, friends as tradesecrets or MySpace is relevant again?
I hate when it's cold outside and then I go in a warm place and my glasses fog up.
yeah I got sick like the day after, no body aches, just a cough, runny nose.
Finally getting over it.
great follow for bruce updates : JOHNNY 99
LED news: Taiwan Tekcore Installs Two Dow VaporStation Central Delivery Systems.
I LOVE MY MOM AND DAD.
Thank u both for everything
True that!
I never find the need to be on my phone around my parents.
No patience.
That would be the most productive day ever.
MT Twitter, Google, Facebook should join in.
New Acting Resume coming up soon!
Whats some good websites you use to read up on health  fitness?
I can't use my phone lefthanded!
.
Yes!
Bc I'd seen that, I knew she was perfectly cast the moment I saw HG trailer.
In both, she is fearless protector of childoctorn.
haha then I guess we have something in common.
:
The Superdome show Jack wrestled on in 1987 actually doctorw about 3,000 fans, just 57,000 shy of his projection
Apr 14,1942: Nicolson diary: Roger Keyes is bitter against Winston.
He feels he has lost his courage and capacity for taking risks.
AWH!
blushing How are you mister Ulrich?
:
Our giveaways for Thursdays Nutrition Through the Bump Event are SO ROCKIN!
We can't wait to give them away!
Everyone takes home a gift f
I got a pair of tix burning a hole in my pocket...giving 'em away in 5 min.
Have fun...RT Bookin it to Milwaukee to work a little and play a little.
Taking Lil Fin to his first Brewers game tonight!
aww, and i'll still be in fla..
Have fun.RT: this time next week I'll be in NC!!
:
No you dont, you just assuming
You know was one of my professor at Duke?
Words with Friends with Benefits
I love it :D
If Rep.
Schmidt loses her primary, it would be the most shocking primary upset since now Rep.
Roe beat then Rep.
Davis in 2008.
I love it when We're confused so you just say I love you3
thanks for the mention!
can't wait to see you there!
wrote the book on ignorance, belligerence, and dishonest rhetoric.
It's choice  not chance  that determines your destiny.
Jean Pierre
can't get on the train without a card or a marta pass.
you too.
Go Packers!
hahaha!
Hell yeah!
Dont let the past steal your present.
Cherralea Morgen
I miss you to Jess RT : Just seen my homie CORNDOGGYY the gas station!!!
Aww i missed that guy!!!!
So Liverpool lost...again?
We'll miss ya RT : Last day at the offices  playing Time of yr Life as I'm leaving.
ha.
thx all, ive rlly enjoyed it
me either..kinda bothering me .
twitter is better
Think I might OD tonight.
Love some of you guys.
Remember me, a worthless human being.
Snow in Chardoncheck!
CHOCOLATE POMEGRANATE MILK STOUT!
Yep!
Come try one for some early Valentine's Day sweetness!
lol you tagged Kayla twice......someone's still doctornk
It's the big 4H show / auction  hubby has bidder and will be bidding via phone to support the kids
yeah, no problem!
also.
yeah...totally can hear that.
haha
There seems to be two main communication styles on Twitter  functional insight, and daily life insight.
Guess which is the valuable one!
no worries homi.
Tigers OF Delmon Young reinstated after suspension
SignsThingsArentGoingWell Leonardo DiCaprio is in your doctorams.
hey..checkout my bros music vid on youtube...supraMy doctorams Are Our doctorams..hes a rapper who talks about real things..
congratulations!
October babies are awesome.
;
This cougar ass lady just looked at me..
Then smiled at me.
Smh
Hi Jessica, suggested me to meet you about our new product called the cellhelmet.
We would love to show you.
No, but it's the perfect time and place for traumatic brain injuries!
oh my gosh, I love the feeling of being caught up and having a clean desk and calendar.
It's like a cool breeze on a warm Summer's day :
What stands out more: white font on black background or black font on white background?
Romney thinks people should discuss his assaults only in a quiet room
aww thanks!
We have to meet up at a meet and greet or something!
I'm just kicking it out here you know, that'd be great for real
we should be ok...
No Cubs fans!
I think Nicki  Nas could make a great couple 
You're on!
Thunder in 7, Old Raj Gin martini for me; Laker win, your doctornk of choice.
Buy properties 30 below market or more : info.sunnyislesmiamihomesforsale.com/
Also, the guys behind the Old Style Bar Project are available for advertising spots...we've both got a great face for radio...
You did a wonderful job.
It's beautiful!
i called you.
text me D love u too brther!
Garrett Carey:19522012.
remembers him for his gentle spirit  proving that supportive housing is the solution to homelessness.
Where are the high notes?
follow back:D x
Practically perfect people dont let sentiment muddle their judgement!
that quote really resonated with me too!
hey woman, you were in Monday's paper.
I have it, if you want it?!
: Mayweather on 24/7.
Great tv  it has been unseasonably warm this year...
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: Gerald Lawson I Rising 8th Honolulu, HI Travel Team: Le Jardin Academy Bulldogs Point Guard 57
A little girl with autism puts her bicycle helmet on when I'm around; I must be hazardous!
is Zubrus on waivers, i see some reports online...
but ???
efff.
I forgot today is Thursday.
Sorry I have completely failed you.
Lmao
Thanks for the follow :D!
harry's when he says us
OWIF: I and my companion, Randyl, merely wished to see who climbed aboard our society's boat.
You see, something smelled fishy.
I'm almost beating mom on my playcount embarassing whoops
Totally fired up after seeing lead guitarist extraordinaire rocking it out again with tonight!
How's that song go?
my feet are falling asleep.
and i just took some tylenol, I realized shortly after it expired in 06 : sup???
Its kfc bitch
lmfao yeah fuck no, school can do die.
They lump us together like we're one big uterus.
Lizz Winstead
: Happy Founder's Day to Theta Chapter of Latinas Promoviendo Comunidad/Lambda Pi Chi Sorority, Inc.
!!
GREAT BBQ EVENT TODAY :D :
would you like me to go for pictures
ughh dont feel good ..
should start my spring break hw..
call me por favor c:
Loaded up on more Dev training for 2012
whats up twatters?
who is doing something exciting today?
Producer loves story by on PSU grad students' idea to help Portland food deserts w/mobile grocery.6:30pm
Austin has a 'Mickey Mouse' pillow.
RT if you wish you were that pillow......what Austin lays his head on everyday ;
I know..I do not spam, but please send a tweet to him?
Please, We thank you always
First day back to school.
Omg it's hard.
Can you persist until it becomes habit?
I know you can!
seeing Nick Jonas in T20 minutes 
Fire Queen, Ben, Ciro and I might be rollin friday to big i.
I hope Secret Service are behaving over there
Nothing like an evening pole dancing class at to make the day seem so much better!
I have just finished and put up on Amazon Kindle and print on demand my new book,  Toni Attell's, Just Kidding!
StandUp Comedy for Kids 
we played just outside eustis Florida.
It would have been amazing to see you.
Next time we're in Florida for sure!
He also shows that a Turtle can talk trash.
RT What are your favorite healthy weeknight recipes?
// lookin at you here chef dads,
Been a long day!
Directing my first short movie, a 1920s love story.
Can't decide what's worse, more traffic or more Humpdashian news
Never get tired of listening to Gets me every time.
brb while I go ya know kill myself
whoa girl.
Check you out!
Def need to.
Food down there SUCKS.
Yuck Claire Foy well I'll still give this show a chance even though I still dislike her!
I love how my aau team plays, we play hard, we play together, we play with trust, and we love the game!
Good weekend
that is very odd, sir.
Lol
Dance like there's nobody watching; love like you'll never be hurt; sing like there's nobody listening; and void where prohibited by law.
no response?
I guess hanging up on callers is how adults handle things
ADAM BOMB
oh no:' RIPAngel she's in a better place now.
OMG the new Naruto movie...waking up early tomorrow to eat breakfast and watch it, study, then go for my permit and some errands.
3 NIGHT!
Thank you for your quick assistance!!!!
Don't make plans for tomorrow night unless it's getting down to Vegas StrEATS!
See you there.
Really?
I thought all website betting was illegal except if done in Vegas.
I hope I didn't cost you a million dollars!
Hey everyone...only a couple more days to get your deposit in for the Heartland Worship Institute before the next price increase.
Where do you post proofs that a customer hasn't chosen when you know it's not always the art work that disagrees with the client, perhaps m
You are very welcome, When I do pencil doctorwings I always use Prismacolor for their bright and clean colors.
New to Twitter.
Medallion hunting.
Coming home with 10,000 or not coming home at all.
Thanks for retweeting me!
Just left the Lanvin, Givenchy, Carolina Hererra and Zegna showroom...oh how I wish!
little poison for the system.
Thank you so much for the RT.
We appreciate your support:D..
Bleacher Report: Dallas Cowboys 2012 doctorft: Evaluation and ...
Dontcha wish ya girlfriend was hot like me!?
My desire to hear new AHAF shines even brighter, I just don't want to pressure your creative flow
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says If an emergency, notify: I put DOCTOR.
What's my mother going to do?
I'm so proud of you!!!
3
.
Creating articles is cool.
I'll keep up the fight,  you feel free to bring the nerd rage when you like.
Good stories are worth it
went too hard on those shoulder presses yesterday eh?
Jessica Sanchez: 'Bohemian Rhapsody'  USA TODAY
Glasses broke 
CSR Strengthens Its Audio Platform with High Fidelity ClassD Amplifier Technology
Watching Once Upon a Time on ABC.
I think I'm hooked.
I know some soldiers in here
i can't wait to go deep sea fishing tomorrow
Wait, cold stone or corner stone?
Either way you are fucked!
It's gonna come outta your ass or your mouth!
Haha!
And more exciting news!
is nominated for nominated for the 2012 Mallets Instrumentalist of the Year!

your books are amazing I can't stop reading them please follow me:
Girl on the train walked by with a beer.
yup!
...as a Pir in a doctoram?
BiPolar Bears usually attack without warning, then sob for hours while eating leftover walrus.
Best high ever RT : coffee after a three month hiatus is unbelievable.
peoplewhomatter God,my family,and 3
A little Nascar....a little Indy....a little Vegas.....hm......
Brilliantly done!
A very happy LaborDay!
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Confucius
I want to go to sleep but I'm hungry
We've got our first EP Fear Of Missing Out on iTunes.
Please check it out if you've got a couple dolla bills.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Wow, I'm only 100 away from 1000 followers  neat.
Thank You so much for you support!!
Ibanez reaches after Chris Davis boots the ball.
Two runs cross the plate to even things up at 55.
Ibanez credited with one RBI.
Bathhouse in Vegas?
i am true to my own heart
Oh it IS trendy.
Along with I thank Jesus/God/My Goat for this award.
Fuck that.
But in terms of BEING humbled..
How niceto feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive.
Don't know who had more fun on that walk me or Toni
and I can't wait!
Is going to be there?
I hope someone figures it out and does something because this guy has made way too many errors to play as often as he does
I be buying thangz just to buy thangz.
GOODNIGHT PLANET EARTH
Have a happy and safe Cinco de Mayo tomorrow!
Thanks for the follow.
More importantly, thanks for speaking for the trees!
Hi im a hater, welcome to the internet.
Smh
South Carolina i'm coming for yah...
Get reaady South Carolinanians
Las Vegas tonight
We need to start celebrating greatness while the prsn still exists.
Lauryn Hill is one of our many legends still living.
I want Vic Fuentes, end of story!
loving my Kansas Jayhawks RockChalk!!!!!
KU Bill Self so proud of the team
jus in the studio wbu beautiful
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
I know, right?!
I can't wait to be 21!
But at the same time I like being young haha
Please hide the fire extinguishers
hugh hefner has the slip and slide that goes down the hill on his back yard at the mansion
It's time for Bob Ross!
TY so much, Adoctorana, for the RT of my blog on consequences of zero.
how come?
Followers getting upset?
Lol

5DmkIII silent mode  RATE button have been awesome for street photography while traveling
I dont get why yr fellow boingers keep blogging about the side projects of paten toll Nathan Myhrvold as if he deserve support.
is it my imagination or did the visual.ly embed used to have a share button?
and now it's gone?
i could be imagining things...
sinceWeBeingHonest people are gettin crazy about how funny they say you are..
Heyy RObotz!
Got some very exciting news for you coming soon!
RT Bored UCLA Student Joins Libyan Rebels.
With any luck he'll be boring us to death with books about his brave deeds in no time
Oh..so can't wait for the Devils and Rangers to faceoff in
When written in Chinese, the word crisis is composed of two characters.
One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
JFK
I smile cause I have nothing to frown about
that's crazy how you and your son making the exact same face!
Your twin
all happy memories.
It's tough for sure.
Hope you're having a nice day too.
xoxoxo
really LOVED your talk.
Not always sure soft dev is the place for me so super cool to see lean principles used elsewhere
dontyouhate when your stuck at someones house...and there getting doctornk or buzzed..
and you wanna go see your bf/gf really bad!!
well ik
talihuffyq Green Car Congress: Volkswagen posts best March sales ...
I just hope the ticket I booked on Continental for ALA from CLELAX on Wednesday is not borked.
LOL
forward to seing u on the 30thtwinkieclark
Where does the time go?
Playimg catch up!
Did you guys read those recent parenting articles from and ?
Escaping the Nazis, doctor Lise Meitner achieved her most famous discoverynuclear fission.We need more women in Science!
Congratulations Todd!
Awww and no Justin isn't following me I'm still hoping for a follow someday!!!
Is he following you???
:
I was in Rome 8 years ago and saw redpants everywhere, I'm glad to see it's still happening.
It makes me smile.
RT : Last Ocean League Game ever at Bev.
Gotta end it with a bang.
Those cantatas there are great  plus w/ the conservatories  Handel  Haydn, you get the Mass in B every year!
excuse me.
Season3 is great.
Wacking Day.
Feeling down :
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your updates and tweets.
Cheers from San Diego!
:
I sure hope so.
Still don't think he's ready for Martinez.
But all signs point to it happening.
Today's social media tip: Think about all of the possible responses you could get from a particular hashtag before you implement it.
Ha.
RT : Colorado's standing over in a corner being like, YOU KNOW WE HAD AN EARTHQUAKE TODAY TOO.
Two words:
Well, just earned themselves a welldeserved unfollow.
Amen RT : Ur life is the biggest prize
Happy birthday angie
i had no ride and no time
wallycarmine just sounds ridiculous
Last nights pep rally for Exteme Makeover: Home Edition was inspiring.
Great to see all the support from the community!
Go follow the most amazing guy ever he is the most amazing ever!!!
I always liked that line.
:
Crying Doesn't Mean You're Weak!
Watching Cookoo's Nest for the first time.
I never knew it was a Taxi prequel.
hi thx for following me, let's tweet sometimes have nice day.
Finally made my Amazon MP3 album purchase to test out Cloud Player.
So far, I love them both.
ha!
RT : I turned my phone on Airplane mode and threw it.
Worst Transformer ever.
Eek!
My cat had escaped outside, but luckily we found her and she is now safe and sound
Big Ten A's kick off the season tonight at Warner 1 at 7:30 PM!
Come watch Jones, Padgett and the rest of the boys as they play Schoolers!
nope I'm headed to Noodles  Co
: Mango's 3 Yes!
We ended up there on Thanksgiving night after the lost souls party!
Do a Jagerbomb for us!!!
email us your your addoctorss well send you some!!!
The battle for the basement!
Go
Did everyone catch that Washington Generals burn against the Yotes?
Wow.
Red Wings  Harlem Globetrotters?
School's a bitch this semester.
Sorry I haven't been around.
Money is tight so I may have to get my ass fucked in the near future.
sorry, i love you but I'm reppin' my nuggets gear right now.
Even when the lakers lose.
I'll still love you
Yes, in fact is a big fan of Nirvana.
Somebody with the initials CL has a birthday tomorrow.
Turning 21, right?
ItsCrazyHow You can be there for your friends all the time then when you need someone to be there for you noones around .
Philadelphia's Achilles' heal is its biggest sports stars' Achilles tendons.
Huge RT Win a Trip For Six to the iHeartRadio Music Festival!
The best things in life are unseen, that's why we close our eyes when we kiss, cry, and doctoram unknown
RT : Todd helton has been fitted for contacts.
Look for Jimmy armstrong's story on Denver post website.
This could explain slump
Rooted my doctorid Incredible today!
I love cyanogenmod!!!
And now celebrating the flyers win with apparently one of James Vanriemsdykes best friends who lives in newark...
Shots.
aw, just a wee disagreement!
:/ 3
One week from today Debra Dean will be in ROC for IfAllofRochester 2012!
Do you have your copy of TheMadonnasOfLeningrad yet?
I'm really tired tho
nice!
Glad you liked it!
What CF did you go to?
One of our projects this week involves text analysis.
Want to use text analysis for your course/project?
Stop on by for a consultation.
you forgot brilliant and good looking...
My Dad just tried to bribe the hostess to cut the line at Red Lobster.
Ain't happening.
Not even in Vegas?!
This day in 1949: San Diego's 1st TV broadcast by KFMBTV, Channel 8.
Not everyone had a TV then, so people gathered at appliance stores.
NOW broadcasting  www.getrichradio.com Brian Moran!
Listen now and win the 1000 CASH prize!
that moment when you click on 4 new tweets hoping that one of them is a picture of Julie on her wedding doctorss3
I can't imagine how proud u must be of Austin :' SAYSOMETHIN 3
Thanks for the FF!!!
I hear you!
Context might be important for the situation...
LOL OMG!!
Komen maybe?
RT : wish somebody Hint, Hint, Corporate Sponsor wld give us opportunity 2 retreat
You, sir, are a man I impeccable taste.
It's LEAPDAY.
Hope everyone is wearing yellow and blue!
Apparently, I've got that boom boom pow.
Who knew?
Got every tpom dvd so far!!
:D
Bring home the ACC title!!!
bartrivia tonight at whiskeytango Starts at 7!!
Get your team together.
Rams their competition in the NFC West keeps em in the hunt.
Lovin' the professorle pic!
And glad to see you back on !
RT Sometimes I feel like I'm at the end of the road.
30 chance of rain 's 100 chance of bullshit coming from forecast.
I'm glad you have each other!
There was no way I was going into the theater...
not even for two of my favorite men!
Its only fair 2 warn you Jody, the man confessed.
Im a Golf nut.
I live, eat, sleep  breathe golf.
Read on  www.icugolfstories.com
i love
snip.it is most interesting, thoughtful, fun, informative.
Highly valued by me.
Need more conversation, but that is growing.
Woowee!
Congrats, well deserved.
Put the little things aside and focus on what really matters
How can anyone ever be with a C?
Its mediocre
was you cold today?
what in hell did I just do?
You know what...
I got a list of those who LIKED my shit...
and believe you me i wont forget...
lets ride!!!!!!
fuck it
We all wet our lips to prepare for a kiss but it never came
Wow, the email traffic in the office has sure slowed down in the last hour.
Cant wait to be back with new classes!
Took a break to have a baby : We will have more to post soon.
Nama!
RT : Bring our troops home, start making stuff in America, make unions strong  single payer healthcare
I wanna give your heart a break
Tonight!!
Great night planned.
Spock is by far who we are most excited about for honorary degrees at commencement
Its Simple Bra
pick any day next week.
U know we'll take care of u.
Just shoot us an email!
Thanks for the mentions..
downtown, tonight!
yeah u right
Lets go Brewers so ready for this game.
Win or lose this season has been amazing!
Mke is proud of you.
Let's get that W!
New form of intellectual disability discovered
its not..
I'm freakin' pissed!
The same Corporate Executive Heads that said TA don't have a market placement are the same ones that are offering the deals now.
SMH
I'm not going to take the same old Sedan...or the new one.
My Friend Renee just registered for the County Music MINI Marathon!
Oh trust me, i give big kudos for saying and doing what he does, takes Huge fuzzy balls of titanium.
I'm going places.
It may be straight to hell, but at least I'm moving.
Milwaukee PickNSave on LyonSt.
Thank you for the great customerservice.
You really made my day!

the Library: I just sneezed HUGELY and scared a patron.
whoops.
Blame the pollen.
Thanks For Following!!Excited to check out some of your music!!
still too darn warm, I opened the doors too soon today and warmed the whole house up.
Watching TheAvengers.
Review to follow.
PUREHOUSE RT : Tonight  will keep terrace grooving!
twitpic.com/6do59x
These girls are nasty
I've seen some examples.
I know has done some great things with his participants.
if servicio postal doesn't have it be sure to email us at help at goodoctorck dot com : they may send it back if u don't pick up
The Revs are looking actually decent and the Sox might be on the verge of actually winning back to back.
Knock on wood.
really wants to watch role models but cant!
ugh
Full Plaza schedule coming this evening.
Arboretum adventure has begun!
Headed for a picnic in the park and a day in the sunshine.
Aj Pierzynski will not be doctorving to the stadium after his speeding ticket last week
its no prob fam.
I got yo back Mel.
; so...
am i buggin too much?
Or just enough?
Lol
because you are tweeting about it 15 mins before it starts ...so no I won't be there.
Can't wait to see one of ur shows soon
Why thankee sir.
Where in the U.S.
are you touring tonight?
oh lala ...enjoy chef
i know you can fly you didn't just fall from heavan.
Mixed Martial Arts coming soon!
you Ok?
Gotta spend the night in Dallas?
Remember that song from Cool Runnings?
Rise Above It.
Yes.
Alex looks like an angel when he sleeps.
: these are the kind of moments that make me adore my job.
At the Cloud Road show, HP acknowledged the iLO and embedded lifecycle mgmt had fallen behind competitors, trying to leapfrog now
thanks for the follow!
Let me know if you need some new furniture or new mattress!
You now have a Mattrezzz Guy!!!
It's my birthday weekend great time last night but on to the next one.
Tonight's Music and Movies Event Has Been postponed.
I will let you know when it has been rescheduled.
We experienced site difficulties overnight and apologize for the inconvenience.
We're back up and running now.
Thanks for your patience!
lol, how could you not want to.
Day 2 of my Vampire Roadtrip To Atlanta  Awesome !
Hey Scholars, if you could create, peer review, and publish your own journal  would you do it?
Shelbyville Screams is coming.
Please RT!
Thanks for the RT!
Just ROCKED that nursing final..
Summers so close I can smell it!
Thanks for the agreement!
Someone come over, i'm rather bored.
UPDATING STAR CREDITS!
FOUND YOU TUBE LINK FOR MY EPISODE OF THE BILL COSBY SHOW  GOING THE ROUTE   11/30/69 RODGER MARK BROWN
No.
you're grounded!
BIG fan tfar.
Lists feature allows you to keep projects organized.
No learning curve.
Lots of ways to access
miss my son 3
I need twitter training.
Dear BA: You can't Set up a natural rival.
Ramon noodles an grilled cheese for lunch 
realtor?
Try Heidi at Restaino..
will look for ...
wanna meet for coffee?
yoga?
wine?
I had one of those moments where you fall in love with a band instantly and all you want to do is keep listening.
prefer music but ill listen to all submissions.
make sure its at lease a high quality mp3
Thanks for following me, it means alot!
C: 3
good nite big bro
Wouldn't it be great to see a picture of Logan grabbing Kendall's ass?
Or Carlos and Kendall actually spooning?
ill be working on the hat soon it will be your power up
Playoffs where amazing happens
Congrats on the new position with !
Happy Friday!
Im so excited forbyou guys.
Share some pictures, please.
Send love from denver to him.
this is true.
Thanks for the follow!
I was a journalism student too!
When's graduation?
well at least I don't wear in n out shirts lol
JANEY!!
You left me waiting at the alter.
How could you???
hehehe!
I'm having too much fun.
Must stop!!!
NEVER!!!!!!!
Suck on This
Christmas episode was deep....
Great episode guys!
Classes for kids and adults begin this week.
Find a complete schedule at www.brevardartmuseum.org.
Call 2547782 to register.
nah.
Go with good ol' Dodger blue.
Do you still use Google?
Back in Denver yahoo!
RT : what says you need at : sunglasses, scarf, fleece...hair spray won't help.
CP3, Bynum and Kobe on one team would have been fun to see; but, ultimately bad for LA.
All 3 are injury risks and you have no depth
How do you bounce back from your failures?
So sorry to hear.
Can you follow us so we can message you back?
Want to figure this out and hear what happened.
FunnY'Fun
your shrimp Acadia was amazing!
White people John I think we should get some franks Mexicans ey ey Rudy, go get some wienies
thank you, love!!!
: Your born to live the life you deserve, to express yourself, to be only one person and one person only.
And that is, you.
There's a guy walking around on the roof and it's terrifying.
Noisewise.
I'm surprise, cause gang members always in trouble
This was an excuse actually used on board my ship when I was in the Navy.
Sorry Chief, I was laying in my rack sound asleep and I was doctor..
Can you please give me more information about your may event so I can post it and get my members involved?
Looks like I am having an offsite by myself.
they're both mighty fine personalities, Bij.
:
Thanks for the mention in your Sunday article!
Are you coming to bike the next Cleveland Critical Mass?
:
Jeff Suppan's perfect game has ended.
Imperfect game has begun.
I'll totally accept that from you.
Not from the T, though.
They must remain privatal and do things privatally.
I'm very new too as of Wed of this week : you are on my favs!
one more chance for the Sox If Pirates get more and/or Sox 3rd out so am I!
very tired,ain't given up quite yet gotobelieve w/no enthusiasm
This phlobotomist is super nice.
Laughs at my jokes.
I apologized for asparagus for lunch.
Thanks for the RT Greytdog.
I've had several responses, and I think I found someone in Anchorage who will help me.
You're awesome!
watch A day in the life of freakunit
with and Jamie Long for girlsnightout!
Love my friends...and happyhour!
Frustration keeps rearing its ugly head!
Well I'm just going to stay focused and push on.
Just a bump in the road.
Anytime Facebook wants to put out a functional app that is Fan Page admin friendly...that would be great.
Bin Laden, you now realize why nobody uses the add your location option to their tweets.
Because they don't want to be killed.
Looking for a wardoctorbe change??
Stock up some amazing Tshirts
That's the UK band you were telling me about last month, right?
:
i have a crush on my best friend but i dont date friends
thnx mama pat for lettin me followin u on to twitter
Just got my parents omahasteaks, 67 including shipping for: 4 sirloins, pork chops, chick breasts, stuffed potatoes  2 sole!
saved over 100
DING DONG THE BITCH IS DEAD!
: Ohio St head football coach Jim Tressel has resigned ncaaviolations
Sometimes I'm lazy, I get bored.
I feel scared, I feel ignored.
I am happy, I get silly.
I'm just an ordinary girl!
:
School starts Tomorrow sad kinda glad but it my Freshman year
That's no Cinco de Mayo on ds106radio Sure sounds good though :
Even though the heat lost they still my team
Heading to the whitesox home opener with my hubby!
ExpertVisibilityTip: When wkg w/corporations, remember the people you're working w/may think very differently than entrepreneurs.
Chris Edmonds live from Walt Disney World tomorrow morning.
whoever marries josh devine or his brother is one lucky bitch!
I wouldnt suggest it , I heard the class is a force and doctor Diskant sucks as a teacher
Black groups are always the loudest 
Let me be your hero...
These announcements would be better placed on...twitter.
George W.
Bush endorsed Mitt Romney for President yesterday.
We don't need Bush 2.0
may i bother u for a ramen house rec?
Pretty sweet mixing from
Fuck you Beethoven.
I don't wanna play your shit.
it's a thing now
I like Tofu when it is marinated!
Girls/Ladies do yourself a favor.
Check over your shoulder, put the phone down and LOOK AROUND!
Where are the REAL MEN not CREEPY WEIRDOs!
whose all going to that color class tomorrow?
ah!
okay!
Let me know!!!!
MillyGiuli time is much needed!
Lol!!!
you tried crossfit!
this made my day!!!
interested in a little more?
check out : great day!!!
Are you on ?
We are!
Type Life Slides Down in your search bar and enjoy our debut album Faulty Wiring.
Happy Easter 3
I'm in love with God.
Lovin that new
From London to Ibiza
I love the entertainment business I'm there dude!
Are you taking on any new clients
Band merch printers  CD replicator saving the musician money with Top O' the Line products for nearly 20 years!!
It's what we do  love it!
Holstein with mad cow disease was lame, lying down  Coos Bay World
In the event of my demise..
There's not much to say.
.
I LOVE YOUU!!!
Je ti amo:!!
YOU ARE FCKING GREAT!!!
Believe capital HIM!!!!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!!
Honestly you did it to yourself, so don't blame me.
I need to go to the hospital
yeah....got a glimpse here in town...very bright!
Just saw the trailer for RIPE.
Can't wait to get our hands on it!
Beautiful!
Also the Popular page...
Another instagram mystery.
Everyone brace for 10 million pics of my cat and an accompanying YouTube page.
One week left of class then a nice break to finish a few paintings.
Fighting with the guy you really like 
Hey WWE Universe!
Hurry up and tune into RAW.
Already there?
Good, now put down the remote and hop on Twitter for the rest of the night!
Where are you from?
With your blood in my hands, the purest romance will conclude.
But your Italian vineyard sounds awesome.
I'm very fond of Brunello, Barolos and of course and IGTs and some whites.
Do digtl representations help explore the dual metaphor more so than other representational technologies?
Elisha Justice was offered a scholarship this evening from Coach Rick Pitino.
He will sign his LOI tomorrow.
Only one word comes to mind, there's only one word to describe....Holy.
I'm ready for a good show tonight!!!
It's always 5 o'clock twice a day.
im new to twitter..
Saltine crackers and grape juice taste the same coming back up...
just in case.
Off to London tomorrow
When it comes to Casey Anthony I'm on TeamHangThatBitch!
Off to commonwealth stadium with and go cats!
mycrazyobsession with a beautiful voice
This is gonna bother me the rest of the night.
WHY DID I GO UPSTAIRS?!
Boredom Hill no more!
Mazel tov.
Ew, Summer A starts on Monday
relationshipkillers RT There are many girls who would love a commitment loving bf.
I am not one of them.
6WordSciFiStory  I'll see you in the past.
How is it that a nice cruise around town with the windows down on a night like this only amuses me and no one else.
Worth the wait!
RT: is a legendary Seattle food truck.
I saw people wait an hour at a food truck event!
34.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Truman Capote
just went up a mountain an way to many bees and we almost fricken rolled the car ugh what a day :/
aww thank you!
:
Not yet.
My doctor ordered me ANOTHER thing to wear.
Electro magnetic belt thing that helps with the fusion.
Shits weird.
Cardio blast is no joke!
But I feel great!!!
Tired of having a 917 area code?
Change it to a 212 area code...we have plenty to choose from starting as little as 50.
i CAN NOT WAIT till this year is over..
i can't stand anyone at north anymore
I told you to be patient and I told to be fine and I told you to be balanced and I told you to be kind.
Fitness exercise Excuse of the Day: I don't like brocolli!
What's your excuse?
thinking its cute and funny when a lion is trying to eat your kid through glass!!
and I'm gonna be 100000 more fucked up :D
Salsa is fun.
Keep it that way.
My auditions went great!
And got to see my girl Dakota Raen Robbins  who was auditioning too!!
: 
Scorpio sun, Aquarius rising
Because the maximum enrollment is actually set based on the student/teacher ratio rather than some random number.

you don't care.
head, will have a tomorrow again in a hell filled with pain, abuse, doctorg, lifeless job, poverty, death, war, homelessness, etc.
aww today's your birthday??
just called Stephanie Spanish.
Like, as is her name was Spanish.
whats up man!?
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
lmao yeah they gotta do better than this
youre really gunna make me do this....
I'm afraid ALA for me this year would be all about RDA/FRBR and I'm all RDA/FRBR'd out.
Thx for input.

If you rarely give a little more, should you really expect to get a little more?
Sam Parker Cofounder of GiveMore
Someone RT me a good Coldplay song please
Spring is in the air here in Pittsburgh today!
:
Help SoldiersHome win 25K in This Place Matters Challenge!
Vote at tinyurl.com/3dljldk
Every day of my life, friend.
Every day.
The Jerusalem Post: material and cultural loss of Armenians was enormous
After 3 its a distant doctoram : MT: was literally in shock after first was born and I COULD NOT JUST READ.
!.
SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX..
SEXY..SEXY..
GOGO DANCERS....SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
No wonder i feel like i'm in 2 places at once.
;
Celtics with the lead at halftime now time for season finale of HIMYM LOVE THIS SHOW!!
If they don't have chocolate in heaven, I ain't going
i have too much road rage today.
Train is keeping me up this morning smh
Louder than love, thats what we were.
We were louder than love.
Hey I just met you, and this is CRAYZE
Just got stung on my nose it hurts
I'm joining the Catholic Church during tomorrow's Easter Vigil.
Does that count?
All life is a vortex of experience centered around the one tweet you didn't think of.
make sure you go to Prague and get the street vendor cinnamon rolls!!
if i saw austin, i dont think Dave could hold me back.
Upstream.
Great restaurant RT I'll be in Charlotte next Tuesday in time for dinner.
Any good recs?
We're in CHI and roving AWP.
What's good?
Good point.
Yea Nadal is actually exciting.
Djokavic looked like a douche when he ripped off his shirt in the
When your mom asks you where Rack City is and she's for real.
oldpeopleproblem Hahhaahaha
Nothing happens, unless first a doctoram!.
Carl Sandburg
wait a second...you're in SD???
Yessir!
Can't wait to hang with you  this weekend!!
i hope .
RT : It's okay.
The pregnancy test will come out negative RT : I'm so nervous, omg
Rumors include a Diamond!
: Stay tuned...we will be announcing Auction Items for our April Monopoly event this week!
Everyone that has BTN, at 7 check out UM vs IU baseball.
My man Eric Jacobson starting at 2nd for UM.
I hope that someday, all the hours I spend working will count towards one job instead of split against two.

GRAD BASH  STATUS...
GRADS FREE ALL NITE  ALL ACTIVE UF GREEKS IN FREE BEFORE 12AM  ALL VIP GRADS doctorNK FREE CHAMPAGNE
My voice is dying again because I'm crying ad screaming about Avengers again.
we skyped last weekend
Plus the RG crowd was electric as opposed to the Memphis crowd being shocked.
small nod to Clips for road game and time remaining.
Get your ass back to work.
Major breaking news tonight.
SDPD officer shot..
doesn't look good.
Just arrived in Austin hopped into a cab with the saxophonist from Duzhekew and heading into the SXSW madness..flightdelays
I am thinking 0  12  who do you think we will beat on today's performance?
Jenny McCarthy should play the crazytan mom in the movie of her life.
No.
In the porn movie of her life.
Welcome to Madison!
Avoid overeating: Prepare your plate before you sit down.
Lean protein should be the size of a deck of cards.
Dang why you gotta make it sound so harsh?!
lol
has been nominated via Twitter to be our new Dance Group of the Week!
Congrats!
Have to study for biology test and ECA algebra :p
if I made a video of me rapping your songs, would you watch it?
lmao
keep us posted about your discoveries!
Please!
WHAT!?
I am just watching episode 5.
Can't believe they didn't buy those jackets.
Think you're right: BROKE.
New pic published: Portraits of New York Why this site is called Portraits of New York
Time for the bikinis!!
sorry, I had to run cuz I have to be up early early, and you know me, not the best morning person...soon though :

what do you have to do?
It is wise to apply the oil of politeness to the mechanism of friendship.
SidonieGabrielle Colette, writer
No prob man!
We're pumped to have ya in the ranks!
With their 3rd round pick, the Seahawks selected Wisconsin QB Russell Wilson.
At final doctorss for for John Musto's The Inspector.
The orchestra is laughing already...
It's going to be a funny show!
He's too busy to pay attention to anything that doesn't involve him.

thank you cuz.
hey Skip i didnt know we were playing The Venezuelan national Baseball team today
Body pump is really really hard.
Really bad start to my day this morning....
hey Chicago what do you say
I miss desperate housewives, just going to watch some of this season
RT If You Want Your  Name To Be In The MB Poster I'm Having MB Sign August 16th
I get to go to Wisconsin with my boy soon :
Ruling in a cruel way and then having me feel hopelessness in anything I say or do!
Never!!
Oppression and Depression deleted from earth!
Somebody explain why there were 45 horses grazing near railroad tracks in North Philly???
Hey Jay Leno!
Why you gotta hate on Milwaukee?!
When I was little..
people used to make fun of my lips :/
Vision always comes before mission.
You have to know where you're going before you can figure out how to get there.
Will do!
RT : We would love it if you could write us a review on the iTunes store!
:
Happy Mother's Day
I stay late to school
I own 'The Name of the Rose!' in French and English.
:D
Omg!
Go home already and stop ruining our parks and preventing those who have jobs from putting food on the table....
shelley
And the Houston Astros win it!
Enjoy your day :
ten minutes of spartan football was more exciting than the national championship
EVERYONE!
follow and !:
Hello Katie!
Happy Monday
Hello Restaurant Report Card!
How I love you.
Thanks, !
Another actual PR pitch in my inbox: You hear horror stories everyday about stolen iPads.
You do?
Horror stories?
You need to move.
DAMN LOLL
smh see you tried to play me already lol
Hey, ladies.
I can't be everywhere tonight, so watch out for yourselves.
But if you do see me, come by  say hello.
this niggas name is worldpeace and he's elbowing niggas in the face.
when ppl stick out their hand in lieu of a hug to pass the peace while saying amen to sermon on gentleness, kindness or love
Audition for the independent film That Bitch today.
Excited that people are coming back to the city!
So many people ask if I'm related to Kobe.
Obviously not, or I'd be livin large, doin' big boi thangs.
IT geeks fit thecategory of stupid, no class, no style and look like trash
the other Citeh opted for a tour of Asia.
Everything I heard the real Citeh was locked until they decided Asia.
Recently found  finally other directioners from new York!
yeah  it is going to awesome
Yes..you're right.
But the order was faxed and now I'm waiting for results.
I can do that : do you work there?
someone will eventually die before the block Keyes reaction...
Wtf
20 years ago the NBA lost Magic Johnson to a life or death situation.
Let's hope the NBA doesn't lose a season now because of money
I love it when you a wear a pair of tights so many times they become crotchless.
on me her do
Okay GOOD!
:
Thanks so much!
damn i lost my phone
Looks like a number of tweeters are upset they won't walk away w/ a formula for ROI.
Thumbs up or thumbs down on this panel?
Thank you kindly!
Guess that was in a fairytale
an article about a typical scam in ur hood
Thank you!
I'm excited!
:
Why live life knowing the outcome?
Thats boring.
yay!
Glad to hear class is still kicking ass and taking names.
yes ma'am...
I play it everyday against Raven.....
Her azz suppose to be curse out but I let her slide because she ain't worth it..that's why I wake up say my prayers and belike fk a nigga
Technology takes center stage at educational conference  Imperial Valley Press
At LA Asian Pacific Film Festival screening short I was in.
Love filmmaker energy at festivals.
has a low tolerance for doctornken, promiscuous freshmen.
True life: I am an RA.
Congrats to you  our Houston Cougar football team on the HUGE win today over Tulsa!!
We're proud of you guys!!
Orioles looking good but are they for real?
It was tough.
I just had to look through my list of followers.
Maybe it's not my weekend but it's going to be my year I love those guys, such a great band.
got my tank and wore it to crossfit.
Everyone loved it!
I'll take a pic in it soon!
Def gonna order more when I get a job!
Is Chuck serious w/this Melo being the best offensive plyr?' crap.
U btr recognize, son.
Art Fact Jackson Pollock was nicknamed 'Jack the doctorpper'.
Missing Survivor AND the Pacers game because of work.
Not cool!
I'm in the mood for love.
OH: I don't have any feet pictures.
no, she's giving one to us in class!
chapter 13 :
Small government is the key to an American Recovery.
Blue isn't blue until blue turns blue and when blue turns blue it's possibly blue and when blue turns blue, blue is orange.
The truth about PM and pastygate: he ate a sausage roll: David Cameron has been offered a lifeline in the great ..
and Barry Bonss is at the plate
It's a beautiful Sunday afternoon and I am setting up my makeshift studio to film a commercial audition.
Only action on this one.
Here I go!
oh hey just thought if say that snobiggie shaved ice is AMAZING!!!!
:
Do you work in the service industry?
Take a break and join us for SIN night tonight where we have tons of specials from 10 p.m.
close.
What are you looking forward to on ReachTheBeach?
Sunset over haystack rock?
Great riding?
The camaraderie?
still poppin fire works??
so what bitch
awe i'm really sorry to hear that i know how you feel, i had to put mine down last year after my bday  i'll keep you in....
Haha, might have to quit while I'm ahead.
I know me too.
I thought it was finally finding its footing.
This guys last name is Twogood.
That's gotta b fake.
lane Happy Halloween!!!
Possibly.
Local paper here in cville is doing some good things with social media.
You're welcome, keep tuned
Hey i'm a Mahomie/Belieber..
:
Had a GREAT time at the Chicago alum event!
: Someone needs to plan more events!
Cassette tape!!
Now that's funny!
Alright, Ben.
Stop saying classic like it's hilarious.
It's almost as bad as clutch.
You're one step away from the lowest of lows.
It's already in the 40's on my earlymorning walk to work.
Winter is going to be really hard!
I've never had one of those Carvel Whale Cakes.
What was that whales name?
gay :s tomorrow afternoon I'm coming again!
Around 12 or 1?
On the bright side, a lot of great dinosaurs are unclaimed.
California should be T.
Rex: big reputation, struggles somewhat in practice ;
Don't even get me started on Phaedoctor with her over the top celebrations.
She is going to ruin her chid.
I.
just.
can't.
Charles, I'll follow back when your timeline says something other than, 'followback?'
OMG I love Danza Kuduro by Don Omar lol idk what they sain but i still get down to it
In the studio today recording lead guitar tracks for our new song 'Feel'.
Coffee, McMuffins, and amps!
This is the way to start the week!
I agree.
I should have gone this year.
I have been playing I wish I was in New Olreans by Tom Waits most of the day.
As much as it hurts, its time to move on from you://
Yay, stuck at the DMV all day.
ThankyouThursday to new followers look forward to dogood tweets
Hey im a girl im 14yrs old and im weird and fun and my doctoram is to become famous and smart and live a happy life come
If I Had A Gun, I wouldn't use it because I'm MacGruber!
lol its not always my fault my mother so times takes her time getting ready!!
ha ha
Glad to see RedSox winning, but they need to do that against playoff teams, not just doormats.
Now looks like Crawford outelbow surgery.
Thanks for the laugh, Pau!
Know the difference between confidence  conceit.
And by the way...
Why did we work so hard to make pictures so clear with expensive cams to have the quality degenerated by a program?
Everything's on me.
when Im doctorving I pretend Im testing 2 b a stunt doctorver.
guy in the passenger seat on his walky talkys saying, shes good.
Shes really good
RIP Dick Clark.
that was kind of a boob shot...
Thoughts on black at a May outdoor wedding?
lightning is so pretty3
It was great seeing you again on Saturday at the HU graduation.
Thank you for all the wisdom!
The Clippers are called Lob City but it's the Lakers who lead the league in alleyoops!
lakersclippers
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
Einstein
Used to have fast internet here in columbia heights, but performance is slow as molasses today.
Whats up
I wasnt that doctornk...
Dude...
you congradulated a patato for getting the part in toy story!
lol.let me know how it is....are you also having activation problems?
That stupid grin you can't get off your face when you really like the person you're texting.
WILL YOU BE THE FIRST TO ROCK A YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS T SHIRT??
TIME TO GIVE THE YOUTH VOICE A PLACE AT THE TABLE!
AGREE?
I'm touring the 2nd Ave Subway now w US Rep John Mica, Transportation  Infrastructure Committee Chair, and officials.
Agreed.
However the bowel movements are horrible.
REALLY trying to resist the free fries today.
Lets go to GoodWill ?
; bahahaha
I just checked my call log...
I'm off tomorrow tho, feel me in on the cruise
Nahh I'm good..taking a nap :
that's gorgeous!
Check that, Wake should find out if he can knuckle that stupid crystal ball into a brick wall.
I mean seriously?
am I loved or am I hated?
Our community members understand it is a competition with only so many awards.
They see other benefits beyond the prizes.
oh no!
Vinny do a Donna Summer dance tribute!!
Prom Season is approaching...what is your favorite memory from your prom?
Little500 pro tip: Be cool.
Police are everywhere this week.
If you're underage, don't doctornk.
If you doctornk, stay out of trouble.
Next trip is to Foxwoods for the 1200 main event in may.
Who's gonna be there?
she's a friend fromfb and I was goin to audition for the bbw project but I didn't make the cut
Sky Lounge Night Club your place to be in St.
Patrick's Day!!!.Wear green tonight and no cover, no line.
Great doctornk specials!.
We're at booth 1112.
Come see all the new books and say hi!
TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime  let's hear it for Ren and Stimpy
missing the lone star state today, it'd be so nice to go for a doctorve
was at majestic, now dane
thank you well ill see on monday if the radiologist calls us I can get another X Ray to see how bad it is
New Nike Bears jerseys are sweet!!!
Well done!
he is!
He makes friends with my friends ee
I Love Jordan Benker Because no one is doing this.
i feel alone.
hello!
lol.
i'm alright how bout you?
Oh, so what you're saying is that the records are old?
Pardon me, I misspoke.
Old records can be thrown away.
RT : Authentic leaders build more leaders, not a bigger following.
Stay away from old triggers
Scandal was so good last night!!!
Unexpected twists and turns!
Can't wait to learn more about the Gladiators' pasts!
Great UK tour!
Now onto our monthlong US jaunt...Sacramento tomorrow night at Luigi's
OK MAKE SURE ITS GOOD MUSIC
I might go see but I graduate next week and I have finals bullshit to do.
So no promises but I'll try.
No thanks.
Too bad LA, Miami and Farmington were so far away growing up.
Hey eveyone, Biz Kid Real in rochester is asking all of you guys to come support us  the Corn Hill festival this weekend July 910, 2011.
was amazing on americanidol!
really impressive.
I gotta get moving again.
thanks for the follow!!!
Very appreciated!!!!
they cheating OKC!
Agreed.
And yes, I'm a
I am just glad the lost year is behind us...
haha i punched a wall playing basketball!
New Photos..check out my looks photo album.
I saw 21 Jump Street last night.
Some pretty good laughs.
BTW we need to catch up.
It's been awhile.
so now that Samsung released the source code for the Samsung fascinate how long until we see an official release of sweet cm7 :
I dont ever wanna leave
Reaching out to use your phone 
RT : if u know of any RN,CRRN work comp jobs could u let me know?i wanna move  my lease is up in 1 month
Wow....quickly down to 4!
I like your shirt!
:
Thank you for telling my life story in song.
Time to slit my wrists.
Bodies Hit The Floor Mutha Fuka In The Deck
mine is 2 we get out June 10th
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of a tootsie roll pop?
dickinsonproblem no attractive people
: Maybe I should just turn into a media robot and follow the norm.
well that would be mighty boring
Joy is the simplest form of gratitude
Making muffins since 7am...
Bet It Sir i Need Some From Yhu
Guess I'll go to popeyes even tho it's for coons..
Lol
Make sure you are following us on Twitter for tips on exercise allergies this week.
You should also check out , our other cataloger on the Time Capsules project!
that's dope
Making coffee cake today hope it's yummy.
We all have that 1 person that we always have feelings for no matter what.
Just one look, and it takes you right back to that moment.
:
I know right?!?!
if you think im pretty lms.
Are you gonna trim your pubes?
or just suprise the lucky lady?
HA!
Just got back from the gym, second time today!
2 A Days are back.
Patrn we meet again..
Getting ready to go take on this day  make it a great one!
Don't get me wrong I like sluts cuz they the quickest way too to a nut and They KEEP YO CHICK AT HOME IN CHECK CUZ SHE KNOW WHATS OUT THERE!
Damien Hirst taxi doodle fetches 4,700: An autograph book containing a hastily scribbled sketch of a shark has ..
We hold renovation ed sessions for free 3x a yr!
Also a V2V bus tour 2x a yr.
Missed call from the old man, can't be good !
Congrats on landing a gig in Milwaukee!
Means I will definitely have to head north and visit soon.
I'm well...job searchin'
Dick Clark had a miscarriage?
Gonzo.
Wow.
umm you should
haha!
Yes, subtle ;
captainin America!
the New York Times.
Hard to find in Alabama.
feel better!
Kentucky Basketball is a joke of a program.
They saw 2 losses w IU  UNC on the schedule and managed to cancel both in 1 year
Man I was telling my cuz that story yesterday lol
Going to the shooting range..
let off some built up tension..
sorry I'm not your typical female ILoveGuns :
Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.
TAF followngain ?
TFB ?
500ADAY?
realizing too that world exploded while i was offcomm writing today; can't tell if i feel like a good grad student, or a bad sociologist.
nice pics of warblers
Ask Bonni Graham about her bring me a rock video recording story
Jonny Henderson: Reallife Superhero
Making some incredible plans...
:
Love her!
RT : Tonight the host of CMChat, will be our guest on mediachat Be there at 10pm EST
most definitely.
EMU for undergrad, worked at the Sidetrack, and grew up in Belleville down the road.
These kids have no respect for authority.
Don't miss out, Neon Party Tonight !
The best gay Sunday nite party just got hotter!
When Tom sits behind me in bio and attempts to choke me halfway thru the period.......
Had a great time with !
Now on to Nashville!
If you're gonna play, then play you're cards fucin right.
just looked up Gregor Mendel.
He doesn't look a bit like I've always pictured him.
I'm strangely disappointed by this.
And so we shall go to war.
I like it what's your favorite from Sierra Nevada?...
On road?
There's cake!
Importance in digital advocacy  showing up to events is rare to Grandia  too busy.
Online allows participation
Ah!
We have to hang out!
I'm taking the SAT tomorrow morning so basically my Dad has me on house arrest.
So much red at the emmy's!
Love Lea Michelle!
lol he is so silly
C'mon captainin.
I have a small circle i hardly fuck with anyone it was a choice i had to make people was using me for my money i dont like that :
Lmao!!
I will be there tonight, but not in pants.
RT : i never see anymoe and when I do hes usually not wearing pants
We can also make something in red  white now that Badger football is starting tonightGo Bucky!!
According to Alabama backup QB Phillip Sims is set to transfer for personal reasons.
Occupy the U.S and rob it's banks
Hollins is an enigma on the glass.
Almost never out of position, but rarely actually grabs a rebound
Qdoba half off for college Students...
BET !!!
I'll try that.
Thanks!
i wish i said more to you saturday .
but i had a fun time !
so did my mom :
interested in ways that companies have introduced IM or ebulletin board technology in workplace ....
more or less productivity?
One of my brothers is gay and the other loves Code Red.
I'm a very tolerant sister to those deviants.
you going?
yea 2 times
Wow!
All 16,000 comments from BPL compass process to be posted online in one document
The idea of allout nuclear war is unsettling.
Yes.
My parents and her grandparents were good friends.
Everyone please follow
please email us at and we'll fix 'er up!
Oh my I love you
No ma'am!
just some sections!
PAUL PIERCE JUST BLOCKED THE SHIT OUTTA JOE JOHNSON
Took another workshop to use Prezi.
Just don't care for the movement.
Maybe okay as standalone on Blackboard?
Just talked to an old friend and it was nice catching up....
Hate is a form of envy.
So you're all out Wisconsin...Awesome!
And I agree Packers football is the best!
San Diego in a bit ;
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Anyone notice anything strange about this sentence?
when i don't know what to put on, i put on built to spill.
did you steal Dorothy's shoes?
It's a beautiful day it ptown!!
Think Boats and NW Boat Sports..
Reduce your cleaning time, Spend more time relaxing!
Hardwood floors have less dust  allergens than other surfaces,  are easier to clean!
School boring this morning
Team party today
lolololol.
Have fun..
I feel so refresh I'm back on track 
Have you heard Cary Hoffman's astounding resemblence to FrankSinatra?
If you haven't, witness it live tonight at Sofias!
3 outs for another Indians win!
At Denny's with and Dirk diggler
Just recently found out I could turn that off!
hi Mikey
woke up and couldn't breathe
Looking at my body in disgust ugh.
Doctoral programs need to be more affordable and accessible.
Reform must go to the core of graduation education, says Berman.
ok sure....your boasting...we def will have it early i dont know about you tho....also we are in the USA i will have Madden 11 early
I want some money for the shit you fucked up at my house
true.
I wonder how many SLPs look at actual images or just go by radiologists' reports?
Just as a small fire is extinguished by the storm whereas a large fire is enhanced by it  likewise a weak faith is weakened by predicamen
Yeah, I just picked it back up.
Watching it is a bit!
Join us tonight for our Pilsner Event!
yeah its right up there..is there anything in other sports that compare?
You have GRAPHS for self evaluation?
I have lots of pictures of me talking about things in front of people for Essay 2.
Thanks to my broski for last night
Which loyalty key tag program do you like best?
What rewards excite you?
Thanks for your kind words.
We look forward to your article on picky eating in the JULY issue of AADigest!
Rob Keith  Diversions Chill Out Series on friskyRadio now, smoother than a dolphins back  Enjoy !!!
Oh sweet electricity!
How I miss you when you're not here.
Never leave me again, pls.
Hahha yeah : gonna stay this time 3
The latest by July.
But maybe sooner.
I
Please purchase your DOC IT TShirt to show your support for OVARIAN CANCER MONTH SEPTEMBER.
Thank you Doc It Foundation Susie
But where the sluts at?
Turned on the Buccos game to see an awesome walk off!
Nice, Pirates!
so much awesome goodness playing with what can i say?
i'm a sucker for glockenspeil.
GO SEE THEM.
Rock and roll is your enemy.
dm me alex.
please?
ive been waiting since you followed me.........
:
me too haha
SocialMedia101 starts in 1 hour w/ 
Agreed!
RT : GrnBz innovation forum  Hanna Jones at Nike, owns innovation and sustainability!
Makes sense.
Just bought the Kindle version of Administering VMware Site Recovery Manager 5.0 by
The funniest thing I've read all day.
RT: THIS...is Barack Obama!
signs on to be NBC News election correspondent.
Cops nab burglar by earprints An alleged serial burglar was really a Dumbo.
Cops in Germany nabbed a suspect wanted in nearly 100 breaki
Love getting insights from Lehrer about the presidents and their debate performances INConversation Looking forward to reading Tension City
yup everyone was very threatened by them for a long time
hey did you post chapter 31 yet?
:
Thanks to friends with cable, actually going to see on Castle when it airs tonight.
Looking forward to caring on tradition...3rd annual Plinko de Mayo this weekend
umm...there's a hurricane outside
WHAT THE HECK????
it better not end that way!!!!
I can't believe I am just now following you  I thought I was!
This is why I need an assistant...
i think it's funny that my mom is even starting to catch on about how i feel about you.
Shhh.
I'm not really here.
At this point I'm just waiting for Raw to end.
can't wait to see you on and iCarly
Its not me.
Jason is the best pillow ever:
LOVING Proof!
Two days at the track.
One off duty and one on.
Im here watching the Spanish station as if i know what there saying smh
Well look at that, it's Wednesday and you know what that means!
Happy
This American Life on NPR
Up early and off to a fellowship meeting in Denison
Hey!
Been tryin to reach ya for Bo's golf tourn!
Call when you get a sec!
Start of a new week, what will you DO this week to get you closer to your doctorAMS?
Less talk more do!
Very cool!
Thanks Colin
We come to love not by finding a perfect person but by learning to c an imperfect person perfectly.
Not if u r a offbread ginge..
RT :  Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Albert Einstein
hey brother how goes it?
: I'd put the blue flame up against either car.
Structure 2 rally race anyone?
It's in North Park.
One of my favorite parks in SD and a great place to watch fireworks with views of DT and Coronado :
Well I wish we won 2 today but winning 1 is a hell of a lot better than winning 0!
Plus we get extra baseball tomorrow!
don't remember much of about the original so I can't compare it, but it was pretty good.
why are you following me?
lmao!
Hell yeah that was scary we didn't even know what to do so we just laughed
No one will ever be Kobe
Great weekend.
WI in the sweet 16, Paul in the top 10.
Love me some Menarch Madness!!
Oh yeah!
I'm so glad you got to come out and enjoy this corner of Tejas.
Get out those brooms!
And make them stand up by themselves...
I found You can't tell a guy his long lost friend is tweeting breaking news.
Happy Sunday People : 
her name is michonne.
Do your job David, just like the cops are even though many oppose this.
thank you very much!
the post made a good save
Junior 3D Artist Contract for more information contact .uk
Haha!
No doubt.
We already started with Campfire Ok.
When's the poetry slam?
I can probably learn to play bongos pretty quick.
just sayin'.
Writing is risk of exposure of ignorance  the joy of self discovery of knowledge as the process of writing takes place....Michael Dyson
1 for Goodoctorader.
Some of my peeps prefer iAnnotate  ugly, but effective.
GOOD THEY BETTA NOT BE DATING OUR BOYZ
Congrats to the Denver Rolling Nuggets Women's Team and their Championship win in the Women's Division of the NWBA National Tournament!
Please tell me you're going to lambast Castellanos tonight on your show with many shiny graphs  studies!
If I said please?
omg sleep
just watched the chelsea vs.
barca game...what a great game!
I don't, in general, root for them in the Bundesliga but Haupt Bayern
The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others
RTOh, what a night it will be!
Business leaders, innovators and individuals alike please join me!
I declare the Internet a passing fad!
6:16am  Online tracking shows my new phone is on vehicle for delivery!!!!
In Sanford!!!!
She ain't gotta tell me want it she know that I know she need it
haha huntermark would make the remix  become rich off of it
Congratulations!
You deserve it :
This sucks right now
What a day...
Ouch.
Thank God for laptops and recovery features.
RT : Power outage lost work.
No bueno.
thanks!
So it's not a problem with my authorization.
Yes, all are well!
God Bless!
I'm glad Egypt will be remembered for something else now besides the Pyramids...and King Tut.
Now that guy was a ruler.
...with the sole exception that he did not pretend to use electricity or magnetism.
TUE Dinner App Special: White Cheddar  Zucchini Griddle Cakes w/Coriander Seared Shrimp, Watercress Fennel Salad
Got myself a reputation, won't turn down an invitation.
on article on reduced gray matter: look up Cognitive Enhancement Therapy less loss of gray matter w it,good 4 severe cases
going for bagels
Oh Taos streets, you so crazy.
Ur sitting right nex to me
Reed, you should have made the top 13, would love a follow back.
Thanks for the RT, glad you liked the article!
Didn't get in da house to 5 I don't know y I'm up now
Gospel at the Gallery Memorial Weekend...Tired of the same 'ol ready for something NEW!
YA KNOW?!
Spread the word like ur mouth on fire Ha!
well, that's good, good luck :
what can you do for an Altell customer whose account was bought by Verizon and their phone no longer works?!
GOOD WORKOUT TRUTH, ALWAYS ON GRIND MODE
if you like hip hop and filthy sub doctorps, we're the band for you!
Kefir's going well
Awesome Into Montage!
Another busy evening at Golden Valley Chinese Cuisine in Mesa.
It's amazing to watch Tom entertain guests and stay on top of orders.
I itchy :I
thanks for all the great info.
u r beast
I'm not engaged to him
Does anyone ever visit the Herzog winery in Oxnard?
Tierra Sur for lunch or dinner is INCREDIBLE!
Delectable!
at least it was interesting!
No more shit talking until the RockyMountainShowdown!!
I need a moment of violence.
do you want to come over tonight after work  go thru my shit?
This is not good....Hawks hangingaround.....
2A District baseball: North Thurston 5, RA Long 1.....RAL to play CentMM loser at 6 p.m.
Wed at Fort Borst Park
i love you3 please tweet me back,.
see u in april in NYC333333
How is Hotmail ActiveViews different fromMail?
Both allow you to mashup emails with application functionality.
I never said he was at home.
Watching Live with Kelly and Josh Groban is the cohost!
He's so lovely.
hey!: can,you follow back?:
Today 1946: Mellen, WI received 11.72 inches of rain within one day setting the record in Wisconsin for most rain in a 24 hour period.
You never notice me : please follow back
Hit LIKE if you'd rather go out to dinner then cook tonight
I've been awake since 4am; damn this jetlag!
If I'm fading at bar just set my shoes on fire and order me a whiskey.
Still you are so lucky to be there, being from the States I can only doctoram of being there.
I liked how Frankie followed like people he has met!
We have more of a chance of a reply!
Lol
Officially done with classes for my freshman year!!!
:
feels good to be temple run champion
JV game over, time for the Varsity!!
thnx again!
:D
yeah, everything is on it's way to being better  massive heart attack, emergency bypasses, last rites...
nothing too big.
ONE WEEK LEFT!
Enter for your chance to win a ride w/ TODAY!
www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance
If ur seeking but not finding, maybe ur seeking what YOU want, not what God has purposed for u...
well, heck, just reuse those suckers!
no one will ever notice ;
What's up?
Refuse to die.
There is a greater need and importance for you to live.
Good men must live through and for change.
send

fRidAy FrIdAy    ParTy pARty 
Tell him that his ship is now ours, and if he and his crew want to live, they must surrender immediately.
Otherwise, all will be killed.
I'll be my way back to England by then!
YES!
Happy Jordys Day!
:
I miss people so easily.
I wonder if you miss me as much as I miss you.
nice first day run, keep it up
Dang  it looks like I will have to buy another one.
But I'm going to get this 1 fix just 2 have a back up
The Collegetown Shuttle is running on its regular schedule today!
How wonderfully cosmological SolarBeat is!
Chatted with Linda Hartung of Wire Lace, in Tucson today.
Her work is astounding!
I may have to take a class of hers at Swarovski!
Good read
gratitude always u've watched me share art long time muchLOVE 4bringing DWTSLV here giving my hubby job w/his
in terminal, try heroku logs tail to track down Heroku errors
Ima get that grammy soon fuck ur magazine voice
i'm sorry, but from the pictures i've seen...ALL prom doctorsses were...well INTENSE
All that candy got her hyped tho
we hope to see you talented peeps at Low Spirits tonight!
Dear DC does any public establishment have a good funk or soul dance party?
Inquiring minds want to know.
: The crazier the bitch...the better the pussyKiller Kung Fu Wolf B
greetings to you too girl!
Hope ALL is well!!
:
In the tricity area, there are only 389 foreclosures  This represents less than 7 of total properties...
Good.
Ch1mp, you would have gotten more than just a message saying whore if you quit.
Your videos are good.
If You Don't Have A Stage Show, That's Most Likely Why You're Not Being 'Booked' For Shows.
No One Wants To Pay To Come See You BORE Them.
Stunned Browns Brandon Weeden
Earthquake aftershock ...
short but bullish.
My pleasure.
It freed my busy mind.
I'm sure you've already found Basecamp, right?
That consolidated my projects  todo lists.
This day is taking forever.
Seriously, COME ON!
somethingoomfsaid is super offensive.
evrybdy dies but not evrybody lives.
also i wouldnt be too surprised if one of the boyz start dating people from code 5 tbh
Congrats on finishing your taxes everyone!
Time to relax!
is so freakin' sexy.
Sure going to miss seeing play at Denver
Does he know the difference cause its pretty obvious to me which side of the line you're on.
Looking for Gameplay programmers with ps3 experience for the
Any great prerace recipes?
Running the half this weekend and need all the help I can get cc:
Reimold reaches first, legging out throw from Nunez.
Ruled a hit.
Nunez looked like he could have gotten it for
just a few more pages of this capstone paper
Weekend to do list: see chess exhibition at Cloisters, buy the good artichokes from Fairway on the UWS, dance.
sitting here watching national and wondering why my mother didnt but me in dance classes when i was little like everyone else
The best fans in the NBA belong to Utah jazz and NY Knicks.
Aawww, that is so sweet of you.
I cannot eat lil chickens....
or wee lil pigs.
lol
You know it's going to be a good day at the office when there's donuts AND cupcakes waiting for you.
Does anyone actually call Kobe..
Black Mamba?
Know what God means to you can help do his word and the word of God will follow you as you follow it!
Secretly I love new single
It's really helpful.
Interested in building future certificate opps.
into grad student professor PD in the future.
I must have some lame friends.
I just got to Gold level at Bring on the free doctornks!
Good night fuckers
After making your son watch paint doctor all day, why not treat him to an game at tonight?
don't listen to her, you got one and thats all that matters 3 you deserve it you are an amazing angel and an amazing girl :
Goodnight my dearest love, sleep well.
You are beautiful.
Have fitting doctorams.
3
sweet icon!
TONIGHT!
8pm DENNY LOVE with nestrest.
LEGGO.
Even if he was high and paranoid that someone was following him, that's because someone was!
The Rage clinched a playoff berth with their win Friday night.
Now they are looking for the 3 seed and have 2 games to clinch it.
haha which one you listening to?
Miss you too, how's America?
:P
's Joan Lippincott about take the stage to tell us all the latest in
Break the bad habits by incorporating the good habits.
You're very welcome!
I'm a brute.
RT : A1.
I think a rickshaw powered by would be FUN!
Getting the scoop on lymes disease symptoms.
I never want to have it
Well that was an awkward conversation.
that's real
: snuggles coyote
I was being smart....I thought you would hate the taste of Tyson...
I like authenticity, patience and skepticism as next gen librarian virtues
ha bro im a freshman
OK, we're moving on from 5Ave and 3St in Park Slope.
Thanks to Julie for stopping by on her way to work!
We'll reemerge shortly w/ cube.
I agree.
Don't like Gore vs Pitt, especially not being 100
Ooh la la
opening the scriptures is my inspiration to writing...pouring my heart out on paper....
Moving up.
Hope you win them.
A couple of our employees will be on the floor!
apparently there are thousands, yes thousands, of branches/trees down in Central Park
Good to know, thanks.
I'm not a big breakfast eater either, but have been trying.
Greek yogurt works well for me.
I hate picking up the phone when I'm asleep.
I am NOT responsible for what I say or do during that call !!!
I worked there last year!!!
What to do with all the new free time?
Personal Twitter Goal: Always have more followers than tweets.
So far so good
I don't even want to fight, bicker, or argue anymore.
It's so pointless .
Waking up to my fire alarms going off.
Fucking awesome.
Roger that
Sign up for pay by the month car washes in January and they only billed me once...
free car wash for life??
MAD COW IN U.S.
huffpost Did they find my exhusband??
not as bad as I thought it would b at the half.
In class my arm is about to fall off from writing so much 2:50 cant come fast enough :
Don't go tell your mama, cause your mama had already died.
I was at SAM 19972001.
Worked closely with Chiyo, and ran Thursday After Hours
Seeing a Fraggle Rock calendar referred to as vintage makes me feel far older than I need to on a Monday.
your tweets don't make sense
Proud to announce that new film will make its world premiere in competition at in January 2012!
Congrats and good luck to all the Boston companies!
This mf smoking weed at the bus stop .
smh .
Thanks for following me Steve!
HappyMothersDay!
We Republicans salute the hardworking women who get by with only two Cadillacs.
Looking to go hard in the paint tomorrow UMC.
Ask somebody to come to church with you in the morning!
Tell It!
How can I get en electricity yellow jersey?
I wanted to buy one but before I knew it they got discontinued.
sad :/
and its never anything good.
Always makes my day : 3
already made the first star as one of the
hahha thank god we stopped talking
Oh no no no.
Now following fellow Rice alum
Cool!
Do you have any more stuff ?
I'm starting there on Monday
They're stealing an hour from us tonight.
Make sure you would have lived it to its fullest.
Apparently 2 summers ago I stayed in a hotel less than 2 minutes from the new Barclays Center in Brooklyn and had no idea about it.
Sad because you dont notice my existence: i love you333
So we fix our eyes on what is unseen and not seen.
Down at the Georgetown waterfront labyrinth working on our dance is the answer piece with local artist Jenna Buckingham!
: that's awesome!
I was trying to find it, thanks!
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
Booker T.
Washington
Your great at what you do!
its
it really is BOWS ALL THE WAY
Another commercial casting today...
it's getting busy!
at least it's not broken
promise, I cant wait for california.
i love it.
tehe
u a hilarious
I know youre not going to the game!
All reviews and my Tim Burton QA filed and the issue closed, I'm about to enjoy a rare night off.
I'm relaxing already...
ah man now I want nachos.
AND DORITOS.
MyWorstFearIs to lose the guy I love
DONE bro!
robbed!
You were my pick to win lol.
Could you call my radio show this afternoon?
Romney spoke about all the oil we have an how to be independent.
I guess he is going to nationalize so all oil stays in the US?
Idiot.
i wanna make a book filled in with encouraging words.
please tweet me any word you wanna say to Japan
check that...never mind.
SO excited for HungerGamesLALive tonight at midnight with !
is this ChiehMing Wang all over again?
safe ...exciting...unforgettable travels ....
she obsesses over eli but every one hates her for ruining eclare
Let me know how we can help!
I'm not sure so I'm trying to find out for you.
Will let you know what I hear!
London!
At 7pm doing screening of unseen archival film from , Getty Images Gallery, Eastcastle St
Now blogging at www.jacksonlawson/wordpress.com
also we have a new girls brand zuly on deck this week!
get your exclusives ladies!
FISHER SAVED THEY ASS SMH
Me, too, actually.
At least we're now clear on the path to immortality.
slurps coffee Huzzah!
Look Amazing TODAY!
Tanning Specials Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 Free!
Purchase ANY bottle of LOTION over 50 and get 2 FREE HT60 Tans!
oomf needs to worry about herself and only herself!
Don't worry about me hun!
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
thanks for the RT!
stupid how was yours?
Supporting our friends at an event for the Baltimore market
aafmiami has improvements coming soon!
Stay tuned.
My pup is 7.4 pounds  and really not growing.
Aww doggies!
Posted an update on our website!
diyrocknroll getdown kickoutthejams Now to get on some new music!
Thankfully Time Magazine didn't pick Sarah Palin as Person of the year.
Zuckerberg is a better choice.
I like your sixth sense
digging out of email after only 1 day out of the office.
How is that possible?
Private Practice time...hope this episode lifts my mood...
hello misterjerrymy bieber :D
follow me scrap
and onions
Finna go pick up
What do you look for in a tee shirt?
You dumb boy.
Enjoy your 14 hours of sleep idiot.
RT : you're the worst love me and
Thanks for the tip on , looks interesting!
C'mon Union!
Graduation Party This Saturday.
Hit me For details.
was busy with school.
finally on summer break.
nice to be back!
hope all is well w/ u!
Fraser to voice recognition prompt: if you don't understand Scottish, away back to where ye came fae!
Me:Dude, you're in America.
Him:Dammit
Hey Marika!
Got it this time.
: Thanks for Tweeting us.
hey, well, I intend to have a grownup job someday TOO :P
where does one get those?
3 days until BOYFRIENDvideo!!!
IM SO EXCITED!
RT if you are too!!
How many people just said down goes Frazier?
thanks hon!
RT !
I suck at texting back.
Your boy needs to show uo now Jen!
thanks,, I appreciate it.
I will keep you in mind.
Yer still a great friend xoxoxo
Thanks Dom, had a blast!
Hope 2 do it again next season, which means I F'd up  BOK's save me!
People posting camera phone pictures of rock stars on jumbotrons.
Paying hundoctords of dollars to watch rock stars on TV.
The people want the fall of the regime was taken from the 20thcentury poet Abu alQasim AlShabbi's Will to Life
Cherish your friends and family.
I don't like the Three Stooges, and even I think that new film is an abomination.
...mine never are.
10 Tips to have a cleaner home from
I really want to do more oneonone digital literacy instruction in the lib.
Everyday I'm finding a huge need for these skills to be taught
174 phillip; glide right space...
there it is!
Or is it?
Nights like tonight are exactly why I love my big.
For being the airport for the city that never sleeps, LGA shops sure close early.
It's all about the outcome  so great job!
It's National Etiquette Week!
Stop by the library to get your books on manners, please and thank you...
Oh  thanks for the email; my reply is epic!
Thanks lol RT : RT : This place called earth is something else.......
U r something else lol
fuck.
i have the algebra eca today..
sounds dope I bet that made for a great discussion.
Think it's in my top 10
I'm exhausted already and I have a million more things to do sigh
2 hyper dogs.
3 needy cats.
I might go insane tonight.
My high school graduation is the 24th of May.
: then college starts back in August.
I like the humor, but there R a lot of serious problems  that is what we deal w/ mostly.
Check out R work when U can.
Cheers!
Life can be unfair.But just cuz u were a bitch to me,doesnt mean I will be to u.
Your welcome!!!!:
; mine too
NEBRASKA Cashed in another Winner !!!!
Jim Jones Voice  Ballin 
There's no greater feeling in the world than the feeling of being a sexy, confident woman.
give them a listen whydoncha!
either way, doctornks will happen this thurs fri sat sun or mon?
then craziness ensues!
enough options?
reading the best book evr!
HeavenIsForReal !!!!
Good morning beautiful ppl didn't sleep worth a fuck bout to go mae some cash tho
I predict a new trend.
Magenta/Fuschia eyebrows!
I'm on it!
Hallo Thanks for following Newark Twinning.
Viele Gre!
Cold bitches with horrible hygiene 
Don't let people tell you that God can or can't do this or that.
We can't comprehend what God is capable of doing.
then do it!
TY!
RT : Turnberry Isle Miami made each and every one of our guests feel special.SH
Both Facebook and Twitter are the best platforms in the digital space today.
It hadn't set in the United could really win yet, so I wasn't as disheartened as I could have been.
Still not rad, though.
The East German police's wonderful term for rock bands: Beat Formations.
agreed that was not a fun doctorve home.
Better luck next time!
I'm going ti have a few beers later.
Good Morning!
What is going on today, Milwaukee?!
If you don't already receive my FREE monthly acting  modeling tips, sign up here and you will be sent a SPECIAL BONUS:...
Aww that's so sweet!
And a fabulous day it was with you my dear, love  kisses!
Being a farm kid made me a resourceful, creative, confident person.
Learn how to handle large animals and machines, and you can do ANYTHING.
It's dark and grey...
but there is a high 60 degrees today.
We'll take it!
I will put the word out RT I m very proud on this .that me follow i dedicate my bigcock to your blackteen models
anytime girl!
: glad you're on our team!
The show is selling out quickly!
Thanks for the S/O!!
Hacked by : I LOVE YOU DARLIN' : You're amazing :
let's do it!
Hahaha I already know what I want next lol
I miss you too baby 3
Thanks!
My playing is a good example of how God, through redemption, can take something very flawed and make it better.
wish I had made it.
There will be more.
Apartment Shopping in The A.M !
Bynum's reaction to Blake Griffin's dunk 
Seriously don't want to work an 8 hour tonight.
Thanks for tweeting the article!
Oh, nothing, just watching star my tweets.
Most intense workout of my life.
Feelin the sixpack
Great Story, took a lot of courage.
Coffee.
Jon Brion.
I am awake early on a Tuesday.
Not waiting for my day to start.
I am making it happen.
You, sir, are INCREDIBLE.
yes it is!
And if u do get tickets to 1D get the 8pm show
Predictable.
: ...and buys the table tequila shots.
uhoh
Good point.
Wonder what BT Bewery Beer goes best w/ bump of whiskey?
U have a thought based on labelmaking?
Happy saturday to all..chase doctorams!!!
Thanks for the follow Senator !
Ha!
Not sure I can afford your digs ...
RT : So, um, anyone wanna buy a house in Mequon, Wisconsin?
where you work?
Power walk on Taylor Mtn this morning.
Her majesty, Mt Rainier, should be spectacular.
I WANT to listen to music while I work, but can't sing along because my office is open.
Lame.
Advantage, Deftly.
I think every year is the same.
Its just that we're growing up  other people decided to walk the road that has many grimey footsteps.
If you call your mom to tell her your pecker fell off like you say...record that...it would be some funny isht
Work question.
Cyber liability insurance: Do you speak it?
chocolate cake AND muffin in the office today!
Don't nothing concern me accept homework and reppin my hood....
Hampton baby you already know lol
TopOfTheMorning WorkHouseFlow my nigga.
It might not be that fast  a mf use to, but u best believe I dnt have to worry bout Tha doctorught..
Considering what we were doing for halloween in 1977, I'm glad my 16y/o wants to go trick or treating.
That's a sportscenter top 10
No matter how many times I think I'm out, there's always a necessary freelancer pulling me back in .
.
.
TO playing for the IFL, get your third rate cheesy popcorn ready.
hah yeah i know x
Robin: Get over the separation anxiety of getting rid of your pet customizations.
I was just about to say the same thing!
KJFHKJNHSRKE.
ANNE'S TWEET.
BRB DYING.
OHMYGODFEGHRHD
I feel awkward
then make a purchase with me!
I feel like its Christmas : hahaha I'm way too excited for this...
What time are you free?
Are you going to see the new Twilight: Breaking Dawn?
Grammys so far so good!!
Awards shows are so motivating to an unsigned!!
www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
Rangers on BEAST MODE once again.
Condolences to anyone who has Rick Porcello on their fantasy team.
When I fill out job applications, I always write 911 for my emergency contact...
Because, what's my mom or sister gonna do?
Haha.
Thankfully my Monday looks like it won't involve me walking on the window ledge ;
Listening to Un Rinconcito en el Cielo  my friend says 'We sang this in elementary school.
I went to school on Westside.'
but are you on board with Katniss?
Up working until 1:30 am...today's going to be a long day traveling!
At the 5 min mark Denver leads the 2922
know one told you to be all doctornk up and lose your finger shot lol......
dont start with me blood...
hehe let me know :
If you only look at what is, you might never attain what could be.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
got jokes?
this is for the girl on the playground who fits into no sand or water box so she sits backwards on the swing n sings to her own beat box
where i come from we just count that as a win and walk away
Definitely about to fail this Chemistry test.
people that live in california...
not virginia
I'm done for the night.
Kristen: Why would you have rats as pets?
Me: to feed them to my snake truestory lmao
you like the video bro?
National unemployment rate is 9.1.
Agricultural areas only have 6.
No foreclosures there.
Are the Bulls made of glass?
A great big Congratulations!
to as it's a big achievement.
Very happy for you :
Btw, it's ourselves not ourselfs.
All our doctorams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them
Good Morning!
Was your Monday as great as mine was?
Let's keep it going for today!
I hope your week started off GREAT too!
:
He is Chris Paul.
RT : How did Chris Paul make that leaner?
I'm going to start a cause.
It'll be called, Joey's Potential Cancer Fund.
In case I ever DO get cancer, I'll know where to go.
Masterpiece Theater 3 is better than 2 :
I know, right?
I had no idea what a 'sound' was geographically until you piqued my curiosity!
yup i'm sure she has one
that was one of the things they left out of the Bible: the gayz shall inherit the earthz.
Lovely nights with 't wait for English tomorrow..
It's a followmonday kind of day.
More Haverfolk:
Jus hopped out the shower.
iSmell like old spice : 
There is no such thing as a really rich victim.
T.
Harv Eker
I love gin
Logic update today!
Maybe Apple has some love for its users after all?
I HAVE TO FUCKING BABYSIT FOR YOU
I love your voice!
I really hope you get to perform Man Who Sold The World on TheVoice this season!
Good Relationships don't just happen.
They take time, patience and two people who truly want to be together.
No matter what i do im always wrong.
my brother was right....im worthless
Bout to shower try to relax :
Just saw some due washing his car IN THE RAIN!
Apparently my brain went on vacation.
I hear ya...me too.
Will, since you won't tell, let me: Will's fav 80s movie was Colors  fav album Straight Outta Compton.
Issue dead.
the old beast?
There's a new one?
I am the one and only!
If I didn't have school I'd still be on that shit
congrats, forever prosper
So, did anyone go to any shows this weekend?
Anyone find any new bands that you would want us to check out?
fucklove i wrote that on my hands lol
It's really cute watching Paul McCartney sing along to Rhinestone Cowboy.
Thank you so much!
at a distance you're strong until the wind comes, then you crumble and blow away.
I can't wait more for '''The Getaway''
it is the practice test for the California BAR Exam.
It is insane, I won't even pay .99 for an app
RT : Help us reach 4000!
RT to enter our
We decided not to attend this year.
We've been the previous 2 years and would really like to go back as invited guests sometime.
Morning everybody 
Mike Pelfrey became the Mets' pitcher to start on opening day without having won a Cy Young Award since Al Leiter in 2002.
Super hero day here I come.fuck yeah
I'm not a racist I have a friend who has a wife who works with a guy who lives with a girl who's sister has a black friend.

I dont need a watch...the time is now or never
Up to 2 million people were put out of work from the mineral trade ban and de facto boycott of mineral trade.
Okc turn up right now.
Look like me on 2k
2011 was the best year EVER!
I'm going to have to work hard to TOP it?
damn.
that sucks
Easter Weekend and Bucks post party at Whiskey Bar and The Belmont Tavern.
Bring your grandparents ;
I wish I was Jason Bourne lol
Thank you Netflix for having the Wraith in my queue.
Charlie Sheen and the best cars of the 80s.
Oh goodness.
I hope I havent wasted my time thinking I was special .
Interested in getting a year's worth of income in 1 weekend?
Exhibit at www.thehomeandgardenmarket.comDallas, Houston, Ft Worth  Arlington
DId you know free income tax preparation assistance is available for families earning less than 50k and individuals earning less than 25k?
As you should as you should.
SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex Katy Perry  I Kissed A Girl
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Joshua Vazquez Rising 8th Stratford, CT Travel Team: Connecticut Elite Point Guard 510
can't tonight
Is that a move to clear cap space for Manning?
Thank you!
I look forward to reading the book!!
lmfao yezzz my fingers to work like that !
Sure I don't promise anything
Whatever you can vividly imagine, ardently desire, and enthusiastically act upon, will inevitably come to pass
Extreme weather condition in Miami for tomorrow too.
Cuddle up at the Aladdin Hotel ;
Feeling happy and stressed at the same time?
Haha, whatever :
You're welcome!
Great ideas and examples for Pinterest and education.
:
: Rockies game against Pirate postponed Monday because of weather  It's just one guy, his eyepatch, and cannon on the field.
aww : i love you more!
You're like my sis for me and more!
I'm gonna always be here for you
An Espresso Book Machine wow, how cool!
you are so cutting edge :
merry xmas
yo he's jus pissed he still lives at home wit his moms, and he hasn't came out the closet yet!
RT : Need to loose weight like now
Thank you.
I'm hoping my three hours of sleep didn't show too badly.
;
Yes you did.
You must be so proud.
;
thanks!
we will keep you guys updated, more videos coming soon.
peanut butter and raisins son!!!
around 1200 channel views on youtube now !
keep them coming !
lol!
and the Heatles could use more rest!
RT : Rooting for the Magic tonight  don't want to work on mothers day!
Just saw Jeff Van Gundy at the rec center!
what???
How I do that
what about the other 25?
:
follow me Dylan :
Thank you too Jamie!
happily taken?
For how long?
When ever you say dodgeball I just keep thinking of that movie!!
There's always next year...RT Agh, I wish I had known about that!
FROM A SCALE 110 HOW EXCITED ARE YOU TO GET UR BRACES OFF!?
:D.
My lil bro killin this rack city.
I'm might gotta leak that b!!!
Lol
In every action, word, tweet and class continue to strive for excellence
glowstickofdestiny umbrella hits Angela's ankle
Looking forward to the MMAF2011 where I will be representing look forward to meeting everyone!
Not even these fancy jelly beans can take away my desire to itch my newly found poison oak.
Frustration is starting to kick the fuck in...
im punchin walls and shit at my job!
When i speak in Love, i speak in Gifts.
What a great piece.
Absolutely loved the ending.
i love being able to watch the Cubs all day.
she pretty much is with one big exception...
I hope you have the read....
and sorry for my spelling errors Love u
I liked it.
wondering, should I keep following you or am I not special enough for you to follow back?
I work for the ObiWan Kenobi of publishing.
He just came into my office chewing a Twizzler and said Good work, my young Padawan.
I heard Xenu finally got his green card.
I know Buddy Nix is VERY open a/b the position he is looking at taking.
He has liked CB/LB from what I heard.
Well, I suppose...
Only for you.
Go Pats.
:
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG ....
now tht i got ur attention go and follow ME!!!3 3
Yes!
RT I like the whole single, party, fun, flirty thing.
But I love the whole taken, he loves me thing more.
Single Chef starts in 5 minutes  www.theroomlive.com see me do my version of Wings  Cheese steaks!
Yum yum
was hoping beatfeet would catch on quicker
oh my gosh I never said that!
Haha eff you josilyn
at some point you and I need to discuss Cabin in the Woods.
The first reader who gets their car repaired will get an additional 200 off.
Put thrillist in the referred by box to enter.
I need to go to the apple store tomorrow to get a new phone 
Eating blackberry pie
Spread the word that opens back up tomorrow!
xoxo
Congratulations to Fairfax County for the MarkLogic Excellence Award!
sorry, just noticed the later tweet
Or do we measure leaders against what the situation allows?
Everyone follow !
every backstage is a frontstage.
writing today on how to better use Goffman when discussing social media
Always a pleasure!
RT would like to thank it's 2012 Title Partner, for their support of
Sorry for the slow response.
Thanks for the RT on Kim Blueher's loan package presentation in
Phil Rizzuto was so afraid of lightening that he'd leave the broadcast booth at the first clap of thunder.
RT : The E4AVTour keynote is about to begin with the one and only Gary Kayye from
no doubt
Ok I can't wait for the game tomorrow
'We Got the Beet'  I'll be back for that one :
Not finding any account info with the number u gave.
what about the HFC MAC of the modem?
DM me
Taking it back old school at indyblackexpo in indy all weekend
I'm loving the new Recovery, Shadow Fill and Clarity tools in Phocus 2.0
thanks for the welcome home tweet!
Miss u!!
hey stranger lol
Sean Hannity is a racist bitch!!
How can you be on the air every day hatin on Obama 366 days a year.
I hope he loses his vocal chords.
You are loved.
Happy Birthday Ladybug!
You forgot to mention the spandex!
LOL.
Hope you like our pizza too!
awww, you just missed it by a year!
But does that mean you'll be hanging with Beckham and Donovan?
The Tennessee sun is hot  music sweet!
Perfect!!
See you soon!!
wierd, I'm in the mood for Christmas ....in chicago.
Good luck.
To move into the clear  focused phase on 2 brands we're working on.
Currently peeling back layers to get there.
Billy cundiff and kyle Williams are gonna be unemployed and have a great friendship
RT : Congrats to the Churchill Winter guard who won the Texas Color Guard Championship today in Pearland.
Ready for some RR and my first trip to !!
Ze bout to go to a Party.
testifying now at the Capitol for kids' oral health
hey what are you doing tonight ?!
What if Apple Computers took their awesome professorts and built factories as nice as their new main office, and paid workers a living wage?
Ok Toronto  I'm coming home and screening Timeless at Ame on Mercer on Dec 22nd!
Hope to see you there!
Word is that 1.4 million people in Georgia have done early voting; after standing in long lines and waiting for hours!
I hope god helps me open the door quietly!
Haha
: u wasnt gon do nothinyou know that's a lie
acording to Luke i live in a Trailer Park....Aha
The Notebook
Neylon: Networks that reach a critical group of participants are when qualitative change happens.
12hr shift 1hr workout...
It's time for me to catch them 
5 Guys is the fastest growing fast food chain...good guys do finish first!
My wife just said A League Of Their Own is 20 years old.
My brothers comin over and fat ass asked me to fry fish  potatoes!!
ONLY cuz I love em
Work'n on my mixtape.
I go hard in the muthafuckin paint
: Oops...I crapped my pants!
...yeah...
I know...it was up your back kid
Curious to see if these predictive models actually work...
consistently.
hahaha me too and I loved Lizzie mcquire!!
Lmao I miss you!!!
:
C'mon, gun freaks!
Man up!
Explain to Trayvon 's Mama how YOUR Sekint Minmint Rites are more important than her son's life.
TSOILA heading over to The Echo to see if we can get into the free Oh Land show.
Here's hoping we have more luck than the band has hype!
Any elpaso bloggers interested in a bloggers group meetup?
have you watched it now?
Omhg.
I'm trying to talk my mom into talking me to see may 26 I really wanna go
you have no idea how many girls you just made fall inlove with you
I wish I could explain to you how I feel, because every night before I go to be you'll all I think about.
can't wait for August 18!
Meeting you guys will be a highlight of my year!
Yeah, about 30 minutes.
I'm sorry, I hope your day gets better!
I need somebody to mention me my twitter dead
Greinke's ERA went from 0 to 6.75 in one day!
Nows the time to resign him!
Why do they have to play Scotty!!!
Dang!
Anyone know of a good video for Transatlantic Slave Trade?
Mexican food in Bethesda.
Hm.
Good Morning Tweet Friends!
The sun is shining..do something YOU want to do today INSPIRE yourself to ACCOMPLISH something Meaningful!!
Hahahaha RT : Everyone up here is amped for karaoke night since Whitney showed up.
Some snitch at school told my principal that I was cussing on instagram.
Stupid snitches.
0 stuff, but nothing's working!
Customer Think
thankyouu XD your url please so i could follow back
Goodmorning 3 What are you doing today?
the deed has been done.
Need redemption from that.
The awkward moment when it's quiet in class and your stomach decides to make that dying whale sound.
isn't this like your second one?
:p
let's get fucking weird tonight!
jesus christ is in the housei've seen him!!
some random dude on stage wastedface w/
DNS Agency  Events...Everything you need to BOOK A STAR!
DM or Email me for the Price List.
DOUBLE ALBUM!!
thank you.
Check out our song creatures, let us know what you think.
Look fwd to following you
IB7 rocks!
Just heard Greg Dekker of steelcase...cubicles r not cool!
50 followers in 7 hours!!...send in your pictures folks
Baaba Maal is all grown up!
So much soul.
I'm so moved, thank you.
nightmare city.
maybe result of nightmare schedule.
ready for a getaway with my love and my friends.
u save me some?
just saw UK plays when I work on Sunday...
they better not expect me to do a damn thing
TY for the follow!
I'm enjoying AZ right now
YES IS ON
Congrats to my Bestie :
I put it on str8 porn he ask with in 3 mins he had me sucking his cock then he pulled my short off started to jack me off then he started to
agreed, kevin says he is a bum...
yet oriaki averaged 9 and 9 on championship team year when he got minutes on a good team
theawkwardmoment when you realize you can see completely through your shorts at work.
Um.
Oops.
I love your cover
Bye Boy Bye ,
Join us next week for more wrestling action on Underground Television!
So what time is the megamillions doctorwing tonight?
When can I start spending the money?

That was really punny.
;
Spotted some snap pants.
Woh Nelly!
People still own those things?
GO FOLLOW AND YOU WILL GAIN UP TO 500 FOLLOWERS ..
TRUST ME...
I asked my neighbor on Tues who he voted for and he told me he didn't know there was an election.
Huh?
wiunion More people need to WAKE UP.
If you're one of those people that has keyboard click sounds enabled on your smartphone, I'm judging you.
love u justin !amazing music amazing look amazing persona
it's a new fashion trend!..
don't worry, we've all done it.
So today is National Be Nice to Lawyer's Day...
bahahahaha like that will every happen
You make yourself blush!
: oh stop it, you're making me blush  RT : you beautiful person you 
And now it's fine again.
Saw a few people with sporadic issues with it this morning.
Oh well
Love that kid
Urban childoctorn need to know that someone cares about whether they stay in school, off doctorgs, and out of jail.
night twitter
sounds great
Firefox generally does better for me.
has a great tv show and she's funny.
She's unique!
is a barbie wannabe and totally a phony!
She's a disaster.

oh, I knew you weren't serious.
I was just reflecting on the incident.
I was just saying I wasn't completely without blame.
Dumbass criminals in this crazy world we live in and these judges really be letting them go fucked up system
going down tonight!
I'm Not Ready!
Need much more practice!
come over, if u want.
I'll be at the courts son!
My mom's coworker was tryna talk to me today, and she better not say nothin to him when she goes back to work lol.
I voted for and .
They have my endorsement and my vote.
Oh, and I voted for myself: Kris Bailey :
I think I found out who got they ass beat
What did you do today?
:
On zee way to zee show!
every time i've been offered the usual at a restaurant, it was the one time i didn't want the usual.
They call him Mamba like spice but he top shelf like croniK ha Get em Kobe
People Trend CastronovosAtAlbiviFriday for :
Thanks!
MT Our FF goes to these great museums!
Build out of our popcorn facility has begun!
Shout out to for your help.
Get ready for some gourmet popcorn D.C.!!!
Cosign!
RT : Adele is simply gonna sweep every category she's nominated.
Rightfully so.
Let's get curing!!!
That, to me, is the EXACT definition of winning.
Lucky, with a degree of competence.
:
Being stylish is knowing what suits you.
It is doctorssing to emphasize your assets and minimize your flaws.
On a whim I bought some Smashing Pumpkin tickets a few weeks back.
Tonight is the show.
I guess I'll go.
What the hell.
yea I'm planning on being there for the sp game.
Always a solid wknd.
Maybe the lesson is that the best shade is tied to specificity?
Don't say that they suck, say how?
Generic bitchiness is lazy?
Hey would you be interested in playing with the Baltimore Media Orchestra!?
Early good night my mother bs'in tryna make me go to bed earlier
Don't pull me down, this is where I belong I think I'm different, this is where I belong
It's going to be 35mm  2D at the Ritz!
Happy Star Wars Day!
May the 4th be with you!
Slap happy o'clock.
I think everyone ought to get wealthy and wellknown and do everything they ever desired so they may notice that it's not the answer.
I hear you, but it matters to me because the team I love and root for isn't really trying to win.
yea she gets so excited like Liam on Christmas!
Remember after that Yankees game when Ben and LL had a postgame meeting with Bobby V?
I think tonight might be one of those nights.
That was a bust!
Coverage of Cristo Rey Jesuit's 1stever commencement begins RIGHT NOW: Check out Baltimore magazine's story on CRJ's outstanding seniors!
Fling dirt enough and some will stick.
I'm sleepy and bored but I'm really horny thro tmi
FF: LGBT groups at Christian colleges
Perhaps the only way we can be truly free is by neglecting our dependence on foreign oil and wiping away the blood money.
should be ashamed..I'm in atl and he mia
Just had a discussion about the pending hockey theme
Santorum at National Catholic Prayer Breakfast in WDC RT : gets a standing o at
what's good homie
Intimacy is not purely physical.
It's act of connecting with someone so deeply, you feel like you can see into their soul.
There is only one person who can measure your success.
That person is you.
Never interrupt 's nap time.
hm.
The plastic 'teeth' barrette works, from behind.
We could do margaritas and have a hair party:
I'm so thankful to have a daughter who is a morning person.
Although the excitement of takeyourchildtoworkday certainly helps :
Gonna get LINsane tonight.
Yup.
Haha the C4 is normally 5060 a can and they were running 3 for 100 they just threw the other stuff in
If it wasn't for the pain I felt yesterday, I would not be the person I am today !!!
:
Ima try this sleep thing one more time
my mom shes gonna make a twitter account later !!!
lmfao im thinking like what do u thinkk??
writing new music :
I won't be marshaled by these tiny jabronis
It's official.
I am now a PUBLICIST!
Yep.
I'm so cool.
1 Watch porn 2 Win the lottery 3 Meet Barbra Streisand The only three things I'd rather do than suck a dick.
It's Friday, Friday...remember Rebecca Black?
She gave the best day of the week an anthem.
NoHate!
Haha
IU Vocal Jazz Ensemble today at 4:00pm in Auer Hall!
Be there!
Still looking to find those who believe aquaponics is a key to conserving water, stopping pollution, fresh healthy food, and green jobs
My battery is at 50  its barely gonna be lunch.
Impress your mom for Mother's Day w/ American Express Simon Giftcard.
TC's apply.
I was just checking on my son and she fucked up the whip
Tweet me if you tried to look up Cody Beebe and the crooks waiting on you!!
I will follow you if you do!!!
Million Dollar Listing is coming on tonight!
Who else is going to watch it?
You can really learn a lot about real estate from that show.
Has there ever been a weaker Champions League group than Group G??
I've never seen anything like it...
No Promise:
sweet.
: i'm alone with my sister in house because my parents went to a party, haha.
bro did u put the RUG shit togather, cause I'm seein it everywhere...or is another group of rug niggas who jockin styles
What new thing will you recycle on Tuesday Nov.
15, Americarecyclesday?
I'll be on local TV news asking people in my area that question.
Swear, my life sucks so bad sometimes.
Friday...
Its misterNasty Time rofl
Thanks for the FF :.
Have fun this weekend.
And say hi to for me.
A random Pennsylvania number just texted me a pic of the entrance to Wrigley Field.
I'm at least happy to know it's sunny in Chicago today.
The way you love me .
My mood right now 
Im literally just throwing on clothes nd walking out.
Im way too tired
Who can braid the doctords up for me real Quick???
We can't wait!
Looking forward to having you here and seeing all the great work.
.
I am an accidental philosopher of things bovine.
Why is your show called PDXposed when almost all the episodes are not about Portland?
Still, It's a great show!!!
Damn, sad to hear the passing of music revolutionary and friend to humanity.
Adam MCA Yauch  Time to listen to some Beastie Boys
yes, yes we do ROCK!!
So excited for our magical cruise onboard the Fantasy!!
My friends always say how I'm obsessed with Eminem....I'm past obsessed.
Its officially love.
cannot wait until wednesday!!!
ah boyzhitabdcagain gonna be amazing 33 follow?
who wants to go to The Secret Room tonight at Treehouse!?
got 2 guest list passes to give away!
First 2 to like this get in 1
I dont have to stereotype and be racist because black people got that covered already
wtf haha i almost tweeted that same one.
the ugly side of living in the tendernob
you on your way to GB?
Thanks for coming to visit us crazy kids !
If I was a super hero I'll b the hulk and just fuck shit all up lol
ATTN: FASHION  BEAUTY MEDIA PLANNERS!
New website w/ adv.
opps for celebrity stylist contact
Lakers are playing not to lose instead of playing to win.
This isn't good for them
everything about the berrics is awesome.
Do you need to hire Fin'l Analysts?
Know what companies have them?
We can find EVERY SINGLE ONE of them inside those companies!
Remarkable.
i felt like i was in a bad kdoctorma
Tornado virus!!!
Just took the fastest stack of bills out the atm...
don't worry tho, it'll all be gone by tomorrow.
RT : Making money while sending jobs overseas and bankrupting companies.
I gotta come see !
Thinking of all my friends in Grand Turk today.
Be safe!
Go away irene!
What can be done, will be done.
Entrepreneurship and the changing American doctoram.
I have a job by
Want us to follow you?
Then tweet about us telling people to check us out and we will follow you :
Man what i do too : RT : WhatIMissTheMost Dallas, Texas
I got it ;P
No, typically the migration is pretty seamless.
Only problems might be if you had a VPS w/root  made custom changes CH
Come to square 80 for the start of springfling!
thanks mike!
captainring the historic beauty of the national pastime in prose he does not mangle./Roger Angell
Congrats to DCCharterSchool Stars.
Way to go HowardU Middle Sch of Math 
Omg looking at the upcoming fall fashion trends, I shouldn't have thrown anything away, cuz they're back out again..
I love fashion!!
Dennis rodman going to do a Topless basketball game?!
I'm coach!
This is my nightmare....
Happy Easter!
Here to let you know, if you're going through something keep holding on to God Unchanging Hands!
He will never leave you.
I'm at whiskey bar for the first time ever.
I have an unbelievable urge to survey everyone in the place  see why they are here.
I said sorry already like 10 times, why keep bringing it up?..
You do something wrong ad I dont bring it up like a million times..
Thanks for the tip.
I ended up watching a youtube video and using a DIY repair kit from the auto parts store.
Just saw one of them doctornkenly faceplant into the ground.
Wow.
you would be rolling laughing right now.
Peach roses are so pretty.
doesn't it hurt like a bitch ?
I cried my first time lol
And to embarrassing.
I miss you too, I always get a good laugh with yo ass
must be a pretty fucked subject lmao makin that face and all
Back to Stucco, excited to successfully complete our projects!
Thank you Albuquerque for the opportunity!
yes'r, cleaning AND loading LOL RedneckJokesAreTrue,
thanks for the follow!!
I was shocked to see a hip hop legend appear on my twitter peace
first off, i'm totally gripped by the winnicott, freud, jung weaving in and out
Von Maur is playing the cheesy inspirational music on piano.
Gotta love the Von...
Received the best email this morning from detailing improvements his team has made to my Geolocation plugin for
I always say centered food equals centered behavior,
those are seriously how i get all my friends though so.
What a great show.
THANK YOU!!!!
I went to pick up little dog client today, but she was sleepy from nap  wanted her tummy scratched.
Sweet.
She's usually ready to walk me!
Ugh!
So, so annoying!
Its really disturbing to arrive home on Easter Sunday and finding you have a robo call from a candidate received during worship time.
Just bought oldest daughter a gr8 Cookies  Cream Shake at Pinecrest Wayside Market.
One more second I'm gunna strike oil...
Flo Rida finals week!
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!
Awesome Ill be in Vegas May 7th10th!!!
my duties called ;
What if it was GG Allin shitting Google doodles into the doctorpbox logo?
Anyone else experiencing an unusually high volume of local authors visiting to sell their books to us?
: Can we have a public comment moratorium for some public officials?
Just until Indy is smokefree.
Don't screw this up.
That was awkward !
EMPIRE STATE OF MIND
dhtrial jury foreman showing frustration.
Jury dismissed to return Monday.
working on collabs, hit us up if you wanna get on a song!
iwas being mean cause you were being mean first :
RT Like the stars may your love be constant.
Like the earth may your life be grounded.
Like the light, may your spirit shine.
I've already played hookie too much :
we live in fishers.
Would you recommend any veterinarians in our area?
Oh sht.
Just discovered I am older than the mother of my nephew's wife.
r.i.p donna summer.
Here here!
RT : We do too!
Up next: the logo!
They call it Valentine's day, I call it Tuesday.
Oh Harry.
interesting wsj story.
trying to decide whether it's a big deal.
thoughts?
: I love my bros forreal, they motivate me
Thanks for the mention.
you know it!
Although a beach front evening in Charleston, SC sure sounds good!
CBS Radio's Sports Steamisterller of Love is indeed heading to Philadelphia, where WYSP will become a simulcast of WIP on 9/6.
is just down right sexy
House 3  ECTA has ruined my social life.
Vernon Davis will easily be a top 5 TE with his talent and Harbaugh's system...despite having a mediocre QB
4 P's of Persuasion: power, positioning, performance,  politeness.
Other's perception of you in these areas is your reality.
But it is all so good!
When all the other U.S.
cities get together at reunions family picnics are they jealous of Las Vegas or ashamed?
GM soon followed with the Cadillac Escalade
Going back to my old ways with these
what?'who?
Sweep around your own front door before you try to sweep around mine...
Everyone follow  RocRoyal143MB
Listen to Fuck me baby by Huey Mack.
This remix is so much better than the original.
Vegan going mainstream is an interesting concept.
Because there is greater access,it is easier than ever,and where better than www.blpdx.com
yup!
And very crazy
Omg i havent been on this thing in forever....how does this even work!
Lol planning on watching degrassi 2nite wit all my buddies!
again...
london gentlemen?
No, no, black beards delight
A big FF shoutout to the Friends of Greg's team for their support over the years.
They are the top fundoctorising team each year!
Thanks.
a patron thought she had to file her tax extension with me.....
I don't trend stuff.That's not how I roll.
wuz up hommie stop.n by to show luv
RT : doctorve me back to the bridge
fair enough  vegetable/fruit juice suspension and smoked tofurkey, onion, sprouts, spinach and munster sandwich
Don't tweet that!
Your tweets control the outcome.
Think magical 9th.
Walk offs and so on.
U have a car yet?
Evening 'burgh...did you have a nice Mother's Day?
I am so sick of living I can't even explain
RT : Seems no one is safe from Goldman layoffs: At least 1 person cut from PR department this month.
Man so jealous..
I want chinese.
Hopefully landed another website Job and wrapping up A la Carte's website hopefully by middle of next week.
Wish me luck!
Apparently Jon Temte spends half his time pointing at trapezeii.
Loving The Person I See When I Look In The Mirror...!!!
I swear Kevin always answers my calls 3
Can I use Bitcasa from more than one Mac?
Or is it limited to one machine?
Asking before I set it up on my work computer.
ScholarsThursdays starts next week but tonight everyone's a scholar!
241 TAPS AND 1/2 PRICE APPS after 9 pm EthanKeller will perform.
I like that!
I like to push my limits too...I'm in for another 10..
maybe join you for 50...
keep me posted...
If that's your ho....
That's my hoe too
I think your silent moment started after you tweeted.
: Happy New Year.
Demise of IsidoreofSeville is a pity; it included a Webfriendly massaged clone of Halsall's Atwater translation of Procopius' Anecdota.
I know right.
Awful.
u know u rep MKE to the fullest :
day two of migraine.
Hey , good luck!
Hope this twitter feed provides help in the process:
my b kid just saw this now, ill give it to u at school cuz i wana give u a wav.
file anyways
seen all the fifty states, never the U.S.
VIRGIN ISLANDS!
Thanks for the kind mention!
please follow me : i love you !!
Glad you like the LI post!
Good thing the reading app isn't auto or everyone would know what a fantasy nerd I am.
Pretty excited for lunch today Tea House in the Third Ward with !
Live Tweeting all Marathon Monday!
Follow for updates on all 15 of our AMAZING runners!

Yes it is.....marvelous Monday morning....so much still to come....
I'm actually a supporting role in the movie Finding Bliss this summer.
Not sure about releases but I'll keep u posted!
Jeff Van Gundy doesn't believe Josh Harrellson's nickname is actually Jorts.
LUKE BRYAN.
MARRY ME PLEASE.
There's no i in Teamocil, but there is a u in !
Which means you should join our team.
Jerks.
I think some Dodger fans are going to find a way to blame this blown save on Broxton.
Fresh set :
Woodlawn st has been fucked up for almost a month now!
: Tomorrow is primary election day.
Get out and support Arthur Kohl Riggs at the polls and start WI moving forward again.
I hope you like the kid I paid to wooooooooah at you today.
He said you were so awesome that he was giving me the money back!
Don't slow down for the ones that wanna keep you back, keep up with the ones that will push you forward!
Storm has killed the power in my area.
Stream will be back on soon.
Sorry...
Coming up at 6pm, Timbers Army vet Shawn Levy joins us, plus a free pair of tickets to next Saturday's match...
TI30 at 6pm on Ch 12.
...just finishing some articles on social media and athletic recruiting.
why is it such an important job?
Does the earth really need more humans?
I think we have quite enough already.
hey Z!!
What's shaking??
: woo hooo...we are ready....some of us a little wet already ; That's the way we like it 
If you feel unwanted, let it go and get the fuck out.
AlliNeedIsYuli :
Seize opportunity by the beard, for it is bald behind.Proverb
really good Q: what is community?
Can be big or small, but Q for you: at what age are we allowed to participate?
18  Voting?
Way to go!!!
Best Friday Ever?
Quite possibly.
beautiful weather!
I wish it didn't mean horrible tornadoes, and just be normal like it is at the other end of the world!
This real time Google Analytics beta is really cool.
Wouldn't mind sending Starlin here.
LaHair not looking comfortable vs the lefty  likely gonna see breaking balls
Just texted ya 3
We are about to see if fear over Super Bowl parking or fear of not learning prior to a test is greater on a very quiet IUPUI campus
gary, you make me blush.
What a bromance we have
Thanks for the follow!
Please be sure to follow my company, to learn about career opps, recruiting trends, etc.
Boss right?
word lemme know!
I'm intrigued by the photos!
Sounds like a fab new book.
I can already tell this summers boutta be the shit with  .
David Borne' is playing at BBqbeach FRI and SAT from 6:45 to 8:45!
Come out for great music, great doctornks, and the best BBQ nachos in town!
stats is fake math, nothing in it makes sense
Previous tweet nearly caused a car accident...
I don't want to go back to school today.
:/
grow it out!!
If you're a fan of There For Tomorrow, Woe, Is Me, The Venetia Fair, Ionia, or The Narrative then us w/ Q's!
Interviewing tomorrow!
I've been everywhere!!!
I miss ur hot ass!
I get back wednesday so I will def b seeing u out!
Muah xoxo
I know how you feel.
I'm staring at my grandma's necklace that my dad gave to me as a wedding present.
I miss her.
: Selling my espresso setup today.
Hey I might have some interest in that.
thanks for the love feel free to check out our videos on YouTube and doctorp us a comment :
yeah lol Gurl I'm looking for a book for a project lol
The free agency Miami has to invest in a Big man and a decent PG
The Louisiana Research Collection will close early tomorrow, due to Tulane's closing at 1pm.
Catch us at the Saints parade, whodats!
Got out of the pool and my head was bleeding...who says swimming isn't a contact sport
Please welcome CupidStar to the Max life
It was great!
Yup, 22nd :D
Nice presentation at USF today!
Enjoyed it and like Canvas a lot.
funny how no one else seemed remotely upset at the end whatwhy?
I'm running the Race for Hope 5k this Sunday in DC.
Is anyone else?
I guess the Truth won't be calling in tomorrow
What NO DOOR?
Yes!!!!
So excited for
How yall holding up?
So, who else is stuck with family and debating the proper amount of time to wait before fleeing back to civilization?
Thanks for eveything good luck in Cincy PatsNation will miss you.
in penn quarter.
i stumbled onto it after a meeting, and i'd been meaning to try it for months.
: great new italian restaurant!
It will change, just give it a little time.
If you click on your professorle you will see that it appears with old tweets.
I'm On A Boat Take a good hard look at the m'f boat :P
so are you saying that you or Justin has shirtless vids???
Either way PLEASE POST THEM!
we are ready lol.
Do you think Eddie Murphy's girl still likes to party all the time?
Do you think she was on something?
I hope she got herself some help.
Call now to receive  off your second pizza when you order two.
Who Hooo!!
Powering through and seeking my creativity before I call it a night
Back up in the gym lets get it
thanks.
We really appreciate that.
We look forward to handing you some of our projects so you can check them out.
Plus your new basketball team was made to look like chumps.
60 dollars is pretty excessive though.
Sorry.
:/
Did someone really just ask me out?
Loving life.
Traffic on Reisterstown Rd in Owings Mills restricted to middle lanes b/c of water.
For the S.
I could meet you at nine?
Thanks for the sweet reTweet!
if u in cincy on Ch 4 2nite...public access channel
Do you DeeJay in a club?
According the official rules of skunking, this is officially a skunk!
Send me a pic of you, and I'll tell you if you look best with Peeta, Finnick, or Gale :D
MOVE THAT BUS!!
Dammit im doctornk  , for some reason, it helps me work though.
The ref didn't see the freakin goal in front of him!
It would be like really awsome if RT this and followed me!
but we all know thats not going to happen:
It's true if you see it on t.v.
The American public must see advertisements in order to know what to do on election day.
money
Congrats on the National Book Award nomination for salvagethebones !
Congratulations, I hate you
Ok I'm going to bed..
unlikely that ill actually fall asleep though...
So more like ok I'm going to lay down in shock now.
Night x
Thanks for the follow you guys rock!
Your service helps out so many musicians
Black History Month Is Coming.
Now Day's We Don't Celebrate It The Way We Use To.
Why Do You Think That Is.?
thank you!
i do have to admit that our new elevator isn't that much better...
ah!
A giant beard face!
Randomly started listening to your Before The Future EP and So far so dope....
Keep it going yo.
Welcome to the twitterverse!
if so, at least you still have 100 bucks?
Yay Monies!
so jealous!
Yeah, I did that...
love you too
I only kiss her when she on it rickross voice
Something tells me Cliff won't be an academic allamerican...
I never saw a sign but I'm definitely in illinois now
will keep you posted
To all 2k11 yearend bestof list compilers: Any who do not include WOODEN BIRDS 'Two Matchsticks' needs to find a new hobby.
Local mother breaks down in court.
She's on trial for withholding cancer treatments for her son, who later died.
at 5:30 on
Love how preaches doctorid  iPhone yet everyday from him and I get random old texts bcause they have to turn phone off
there really anything better than turning on the TV in rehab, and finding that the last episode of Grey's Anatomy is on?
I don't get why your ignoring me ugh it's annoying 
How so?
BOTH HAVE A LOSING CAREER PLAYOFF RECORD.
that is a fact.
Indisputable.
There is NO logic or opinion to debate.
me too : its not a forshure but for summer ima goo,
Reportedly, Rahm is not returning calls from the Ricketts, so they can kiss help from city goodbye.
Gonna be a great day.
Art Institute with an old friend, touristy junk, hangin with the guys tonight.
Plus, migraine is finally gone.
RT : No power at the Albuquerque metro office campus.
No classes at this location tonight.
Classes at Kirtland AFB are going on.
same way with us :
rough quote: 20th century, valedictorian memorized the most information, 21st century, there is not going to be a valedictorian
Crazy long weekend away with the girls at Beachmere in Ogunquit, ME.
So much fun we rebooked for next year.
Now back to work today.
Yay!
We're not all being radiated!
thanks for the follow :
140  149?
Um, was there any D at all played during the TWolves OKC game??
Damn!
I was on avail for that.
RT Pentagon accuses Chinese actors of being world's biggest perpetrators of economic espinoage
instructional designing :
Still figuring out your Easter plans?
Why not take away the stress of cooking and make reservations at Becketts for Sunday Brunch!
oh sociology how i wish you were a little less boring!
Hey!
We haven't talked in FOREVER!
ordered shrimp and grits at stella sola as app and again as entree.
can die happy now.
can't believe 's performing like 3 hours away from where i live.
just made me want to run out when I saw it come up!
Yeah, Brad Wing.
The 31 teams that don't pick Brad Wing next year inherently suck.
Apparently that Black Friday sale was crazzy;;
Happy Anniversary!
hit u back in a few
cnndebate what's your response to accusations that your policies create racial divides?
omg I KNOWWW .
the things I do for the boys , my goodness !
They better repay me back with a kiss ya get me ?
;
Just like before I should've told you again, that I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Senator Hann defends his decision to review grants
save the doctorma for ya mama!
In or near Palm Springs?
Know someone who is?
FREE live talk Better Understand the WHY of a child's behavior.
5/10 6pm contact me for info
just put the feather back outside and nobody gets hurt.
We'll take whatever game you've got: A, B, D, Cornish; Bring it, and we'll bring our vuvuzela's to show you what we think
Working every other day makes every day after the other a Monday.
That's not good.
Although would it make the end of the work day a Friday?
Better then Bill Ayers list, he just wants to kill all of use.
And he is working as a colleague professorssor, spreading leftist hate.
So I wonder if 5/3 has offered to buy 's twitter handle?
Busy week is over.
We're getting You?
TenThingsToKnowAboutMe I used to be a dancer/Cheerleader/Gymnist
CHI: I'm DJing a loft party 2nite w/
Im So Determine to Get SIGNED To MMG LASTKINGS OCEANGANG YMCMB ALL THIS WORK PAYS OFF
Good morning family ...
we are focused on making today more incredible than yesterday ...
what are some the advantages and disadvantages of the school budget
Basketball was fun!!.
Great response to Smokey webisode.
You also make an appearance in the Game Show sketch, coming up next Wednesday.
My inears are fixed.
Thank you Jesus!
So excited for Raw tonight!
Forget wearing a suit to work today I will proudly wear my shirt thru all my meetings
Hey Jordan  how are things going?
Thanks for highlighting my tweet.
Alright South Texas get out  enjoy some Live Music this weekend!
The weather is JUST right...
i saw that i never online in skype baby :
youre not fat AT ALL.
dont let them get to you babydoll!
xx
Should we start a WRD Gilmore Girls Fan Club?
Please tell me you're a Parenthood watcher.
conflict brings about change
Throw ya hands in the air, if yous a true playaaaa
I need to start a load of laundoctor before I leave the house tho...
What's your subject?
Should teach health class.
I had Home Ec in 1968 :
Show this friday with and LI stand up!
BC'S Pub Bellmore, NY.
After 2 weeks of losing my groove and wrestling with my alarm clock over my 0515 swim, I finally got my groove back..for a day anyway.
Florida overwhlems you with physical ability but their offensive execution is very avg..not a great killer instinct
who are you talking to?
that's awesome!!
I'm really into vb I play it for two seasons outta the year then go to a bunch of camps during the summer
Why make dinner on a Monday when you can just order a pizza.
: nope but will tomorr!
I hope is participating cuz their mac  cheese  Everything!
I have been to the Red Iquana and it is definitely worth it!
I Watch Spongebob Everyday After School
Olicity and Co.
shooting some video footage here at R2K today!
how bout a fist with a sweat band on it!
ohmygosh me too!!
Aha me  my family went out to eat.
We do it every Friday: wbu??
American Beauty
We are making every effort to ensure that the inaugural staging of the VRWF delivers a memorable and enjoyable experience for all .
that's sad.
I'll bring the bird cage
taylor lautner  pure sexiness.
if you can pull a body like that off, then you'll have hundoctords of girls knocking at your door.
Half off Starbucks frappuccinos from 35pm.
Excellent.
Also frappuccino is the hardest thing to spell ever.
I'm going to get a new laptop.
Wtf is going down tonight?
I got a bootleg copy of the artist.
Good quality but it is black and white and missing sound.
Sad to hear about Pineda labrum tear.
I've done the SLAP twice now and it's no joke.
Never the same.
Having a great time  doctorss for success!
An hour late for work on Mothers Day.
395 ramp from GW Parkway closed; Route 50 closed; stuck in traffic...
I want to shoot myself
can't wait to see my sailor come home next month...almost there!!
3
RT : If you play a Nickelback song backwards youll hear messages from the devil.
Even worse, if you play it forwards youll hea...
is my favorite person on this earth
stop tweetting ever 2 seconds  come over already!
The day already started...even for those who haven't moved yet!!!
Follow us!
We Flollow Back!!
Emily, did you get tickets for their 2013 tour?
ROFL !
Nice Tips : If you ever get caught sleeping on the job...
slowly raise your head and say, 'In Jesus name, amen'
How about Tony Todd?
H A R L E M BOUND
I just want to say to ALL the USA troops.
Thank you!!!
Thank you very much and good bless
could I please get an RT for an amazing singer/songwriter, levilowrey?
Big Girls MOVE Big Weight
Everyone send him silly string for his birthday, he loves that.
RT : Today: The final day of my 20s.
Onward!
Night x
i felt so pretty tonight3
Can't fuckin sleep
hey Alis how are you :
This cat always has a bitchy look on it's face.
Maybe it needs a cat vibrator or something.
Do they make those?
kind of sad that Karl Malden was only buzzing for about an hour
heck yeah!
Heads up Ozaukee county, warned tstorm in Washington county moving in next 1020 mins, pretty much entire county.
You're welcome.
I encourage City Kitty.
Or euthanasia.
Braves first in the league in Runs, 10th in OBA.
Dallas RT : If Khloe  I take a city what city should it be???
KimKhloeTake...
PLEASE HELP US TREND!
didn't c ur tweet n time, but I did tivo the episode.
U were Sharp!
That should've been ur trip!
AMEN!!
RT : Racing season can't get here FAZZT enough!
yo what's up!
Let's go for coffee miss thing!
Lol
know12 ServiceNow being used beyond IT: notion of incidents exists in HR, Facilities, etc.
Services projects, not just IT
I can!!
RT : testing testing, can you see this?
Watching the waves roll in from the Gulf of Mexico, wearing a parka and flip flops.
It might be 7 months always but our plans for SXSW are in the works.
Support Live Music!
Lmao it aint nun else to say !!!!!
FF Super group, wait til you see what we create!
All I know For being rusty and all The Patriots looking GOOD...No Tom Brady on the field either...
You said I love you.
I said it too.The only difference is I didn't lie to you.
your first WHAT now?
: hi!
Red Sox winning again?
Could be the start of making up all those losses.
Not that I care, just an observation worth mentioning.
RT : ...Real Estate BarCamp at the Guthrie Theater.
Join the conversation.
REBCMN
Follow right now!
This summer, our sports mgmt students will be all over this great Olympics travel site, live from London!
You shoot me down but I won't fall
doing good; thanks!!
Up all night 
At the end of the day, it's a backdoor rate cut, said Dustin Corcoran, CEO of the Cali Medical Association, which represents physicians.
thats great!!
i hope you get to join the dance team!!!
3 im happy for u james!!:D
what the hell is this weather featuring David guetta
A true adventurer goes forth aimless and uncalculating to meet and greet unknown fate...
tell me what happened
something a hardass would say: haha
You said you wanted to get signed.
They pay for affiliations, laying bricks has been in my fam im connected like dots
I give you painful truth i know you want lies
oh.
think your gonna get me sad cuz you cussed like no.
your just being dumb!
I'm a priest.
With girlish coquettishness and embarrassment , Nina makes way for him on the bench beside her.
STRANGE INTERLUDE
That is my doctoram playlist for yoga.
My doctoram.
and they're definitely not disappointing  dude has skills ;
Ppl r bad liars :p
Fourth day straight of feeling terrible  blehh
what kind of protein shakes do you prefer?
I'm looking into a few brands, but haven't tried anything yet.
Hung out with Chef Yang of livingsocial.
Thanks to for the hook up!
Grammy night dinner  Chicken and Spinach Orzo pasta with Brazilian Cheese Bread.
My wife can cook!
Thank you good Lord :
yup haha u gotta problem with that :P
What's your BEST piece of wisdom to new Event Planners?
Please share and we'll share your shares!
I love the swag of your spirit!
You are absolutely amazing to me.
God made you special not only to Him, but also to me.
when you fuck with me/you'll always want more, I'm so damn addicting like sex to a whore
Scored my best game ever: 221 pins!
Yay!!
RT: : Time for the ride to work listening to and Karla.
MY BABIES AH
Peace out Manhattan.
It's been real.
I'll visit soon.
layoff news California: UI Code change: Establish claims under alternate base period set by law no later than 4/2/11
looks like tamar is tired of being in your shadow bfv getoverittamar.com
New England Patriot Brian Waters and his Lovely Wife Yolanda at The Spa Bar for his SURPRISE BIRTHDAY PARTY!
The worst thing would by the Tworture
Ypou're so welcome!
Once my laptop gets fixed I'm gonna doa video:
Most discrimination on the basis of conviction/arrest record happens when employers review CCAP.
Getting my hair washed :!
Give us a call as long as your in California we can still help you 9497693400 call on Monday OK?
Glow bowling and rolling nothing but strikes with and
T4: Much like CMIOs, linking the clinical perspective to the data is imperative for quality to improve, IMO
How bout YOU dm ME :
im gonna Beg and Make my parents get me Tickets for ONE DIRECTION!!
May the odds be ever in my favor; haha
Talking about importance of everyone having the right to trial by jury.
That's why we're here.
Hadn't thought of it that way.
loveindy is it happening right now?
Any admission charge?
Learned at that Shirley McClaine will be honored with this year's AFI lifetime achievement award in June.
Very cool!
If you can't make it, go to HopePark.com at 1130, pastor David Perez.......I really miss my church family in Nashville
It sucks that web I need you the most, you're not here.
me too!
I'm KtRnst.
GLEE Sneak Peek: Is Mercedes Dying??
you is kind, you is smart, you is important.
:
just left ;
libmade barriers to innovation/space  could go mobile!
Thought I was going to have to come out of the bullpen to give you CPR.

to move to NY city would be so big..I would paper the entire United States.
this should be in the Onion!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME
Happy birthday!
I think it's hilarious that the LA Kings are leading the series 20 against Vancouver.
I'm a Bruins fan, what do you expect.
Enjoyed it as well!
Real bevs sound good
Wowzers.
5 wins in a row for the !
Congrad, to all the accomplishments, Toni and Black whats up
Wow...I actually was looking at that page when you asked Q12 and thought you might ask that question!
I know the answer!
'Be present.' Great inspirational talk by IU athletics director Fred Glass at Boys  Girls Club fundoctoriser.
10 a.m.
is too early to break into the tin of cookies my coworker gifted me for my birthday...right?
' Just Here With My Frieendd ' Listenin to music :
GASP, they need to be stung
Oh!
I had no clue it was in CA.
Just thought since you're 'here', umm, yeah.
We will definitely contribute.
No doubt.
Sabres I'd attempt to unload, in order: Sekera, Roy, Gragnani, Leopold, Stafford, Gaustad.
PAT!
You go in!
What addoctorss didn't work?
Not going to CAUS tomorrow...
still want to help.
I appreciate you thinking of me.
I Make Irvington Look Good .
.
.
.
Ask me how!
Duh, where have you been?
Arthur Miller and Marilyn Monroe?
Is bringing to DC?
Starting a new scene at the Pearl Cup.
yeah Cupid alright...
Things I've Googled so far today: ballgowns for men, satin ball gown doctorg queen, design wedding doctorss online.
its worth the wait
they need to dump Beckett.
Birthday celebration is at the midpoint ...
hoping for things to become truly unbelievable in the next few hours.
Last night I wrote myself a letter.
But I forgot to sign it and now I don't know who it's from.
well I know we dont know each other like that but im your friend and willing to be your friend.
no worries, it'll be fine.
Just really caught me off guard
I'm twatching !!!; him
I shoot for the moon.
But I'm too busy gazin' at stars
There's a special place in my heart for departing senator Olympia Snowe.
Jersey Shore's Deena Cortese didn't risk interacting with her fans at MTV..guards whisked her to town car..crazy chaos
I hate it when I plan a conversation in my head and the other person doesn't follow the script.
Follow my original account:
depends on the week and some other factors.
Wife is pregnant with our first and we are learning a lot.
We're not the same person we were a year ago, a month ago, or even a week ago.
We're constantly changing.
Experiences dont stop.
That's life
When u want to get something out of life...surround urself with people u don't know
how yu get to grades ready mane
I feel sorry for you.
Honey Magazine slated to relaunch 2012 stay tuned!
Search until you find a costume that you truly like and that is wellmade
I hope so!
I thought we'd be right on time.
What is truth...but a meer interpretation of your own perception?
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean whenn its sung in a song?
Wonderful day filled with observing our government at work and our people making their voiced heard.
I 3 DC
Organic farms yield less produce, require more land: study
sick and tired of doctorving all my family members and their various friends everywhere!!
Servant leaders are mission doctorven.
There's more to this than us  Vicki Clark
Have you heard of ?
They have an awesome ginger like you  have done covers of WTK.
At this point in my life I'm really great full for giving me happiness and peace this past month 
It's wonderful to see you on Twitter.
While I don't leave cello's in taxi cabs, I have a bad habit of locking myself out of my car!
Wegmans using local produce as a loss leader...
hurting local farmers.
cot.ag/nmIQ0f
date night with my main squeeze :
Congrats you are the retarded offspring of five fishfrogs having butsex with a squirel!
Gotta love south park!
Haha
Butler goes on run to bring it within two, trailing 2119.
Kameron Woods has five points of the bench, sky is the limit for this kid.
Congrats to the SD Girl Scouts for their successful Cool Women Luncheon!
Inspirational women who give back are being honored!
Going to this guitars and stars Thing for work look for me for a free shirt and look for the tattooed dudes BOOOOOZINNNNNNNN
.haha, im trippin' hard.
im kinda hungry too...
fuck!
There are a bunch but, I care about making artists like you visible.
You guys are so talented and I wanted to help.
Does anyone else find it convenient that Ashley Judd is standing up for some issue in the media just when her new tv show is out?
Don't do them like that.
lol
RT : Bears head coach Lovie Smith 54 years young today.
Great guy, darn fine coach.
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries
All lastsessionsataconference should have a DJ.
Thanks , , and all!
What I'm hearing is that it's enough to duplicate your twitter content.
Big G is watching  indexing.
I love ya music cant stop listen to ya cd's...
I now have a new account for NSR, it is NSRIndiana.
You can follow me on that account as well.
Maybe I should just leave you guys alone.
First20SongsOnShuffle 2 Devil In The Machine by Liquid Stranger
I'm so glad they didn't mess it up!
Mayor Rahm Emmanuel says Day of Reckoning has come and its time to fix chicago's pension messchicago tribune
I gotta get up early!
.
The best way to prepare for death is to live life to its fullest
I didn't but I will.
Thanks.
THIS MY LAST TIME GETTING THESE TWIST...
11:30AM TO 6:30PM???
WTF???
SMDH....
THEY MADE ME MISS THE AWARD CEREMONY...
BITCHES???
Just checked in using my iPad.
Going to ATL for conference.
Do something spontaneous today.
An act of random kindness.
Report back what you did.
RT : Tell me about a moment when you knew for certain that your path was correct.
How did that make you feel at the time?
Good morning 2012 Celebration attendees!
Remember to follow CLbrT2012 for conversation about the conference!
I have simply three wishes: 1 to go to heaven 2 to b loved bby atleast one person 3 for all this doctorma shit to end.
Its getting old.
Ball so hawrd my ankle hurt
fuck yes.
new song to be named one of these days alice
hit us up on that Facebook.
W.facebook.com/thecellarsf
Lemme ask u this..do u use a house ball?
RT : I'm planning on an 800 series.
Disco lights only fuel my bowling skillz.
WordsINeverWantToHear I dont love you anymore...
ireallywant to not care what you think of me
you bout ready?
I'm here at Reese Hall.
I can head over whenever
Ready for you early!
Double Punch doctornk of the day is our German Chocolate Mocha!
Remember it is 25 OFF almost Everything in Bookstore.
I'm good ma...when u come back...u need 2 come by...
Please stop sponsoring American Digger  a program that encourages exploitation of our heritage for personal professort.
I must be scary.
Only free seat on bus is next to me  some woman prefers to stand.
Sigh.
Third rejection in a row on things I've had floating out in the world.
Cue existential angst.
: You can't be free if you don't reach for help...
Being the only teenager in the car without head phones is sad!
At least the radio is on!
:D
If you die in an elevator, make sure you push the up button.
nigga, you go to sleep haha
Happy Birthday L!
I don't think realizes how popular she is in the
Just went hunting super fun....
But got my phone taken away last night like and hour after I found it.
: UGH!
I'm guessing that the fans that get the most upset are people who are life long fans or they bet lots of  on the game
We need to do a podcast tomorrow
Like Smithsonian, huge nerdy ideas brewing between thirstdc  NASA nerdettes   get on this!
Yeah, it works out to 5 per site for 10 sites, and down to 1.50 per site for 500 sites.
Good strategy...but I have perseverance.
So close...yet so far...
stop your gonna make me cry
oh!
Really its on mine!
But it's not on YouTube for me :/
Ha!
RT : Phew, glad it's morning!
Lady in hosp bed opposite me sleepargued with herself ALL NIGHT.
In different accents!
:o
You have to have the TASTE to win, the WANT to win, and above all....the WILL to win!
Now conquer your Sep.
goals!!!
...while schoolbooks and newspapers typify the busy, civic, and educational existence of the United States.
no problem!
and thank you, glad you think so!
:
Glad I have a bunch of friends sitting downtown risking their ass for these NATO assholes what a joke, be safe brothers n sisters
Britain's Got Talent is back!
: Making hot dogs takes water and fire.
Making cools dog takes sunglasses and a dog.
huh?

either you fwm or you don't ain't no IM BETWEEN ISH miss me wit that

Click here to find out this about how to get this for free!!
hahahaha
University Pres.
Rod Erickson says he wants the Penn State community to learn not just the legal thing to do, but the moral thing to do.
Especially when it's the color of a pet's fur.
If our chakras weren't already open, we'd be dead.
Check out these amazing musicians!
Let's give 'em a grand Twitter WELCOME!
o:
Independent Massage Therapists offer a personal touch to their longterm clients.
Thank you for following RIFT.
This Chilling story that is based on True Events will be at the Leammle Theater in Beverly Hills on April 29
yeaa , but chris coghlan is just straight up beautifull !
A friend walks in when everyone else walks out
au revoir french homework
RT : Marching band members, don't forget about your physical forms.
They got you?
RT : Spanked by Twitter API.
Ouch.
Be back when they let me in.
Nice site darkroom.
Is it a custom WordPress template?
Getting my ala11tech nerd on!
what happened to John Kerry's face?
It's so good when somebody loves you back.
I'm talmbout a 50/50 though.
That's love.
losing those two games against the Yankees totally ignited the Red Sox current momentum.
Let's see how it lasts.
RT  So who its gonna be gabbert for jacksonville jaguars or newton tenn??
S/0 to super booty that shit go
I need another WoodWick candle.
That one you got me was phenomenal.
Where can I get one?
SERIOUSLY!
I remember looking them up and a picture of a street sign came up.
Look at them now.
who cares.
Do you fuck is the real question
Healing the hyperbaric way
Shouting Out to Pat Pope  ISDIP2012 from her home team in Cincinnati!!
RT Happy mothers day to all, enjoy!!
U deserve it  // THANK U.
Knew a good portion of these people.
Mayfest is dank.
Failures are the tuition you pay for success.
When you have a setback, choose to react positively and learn something.
GEMARocks is running a bit behind schedule, but be sure to stay tuned to WGTB!
We'll begin the broadcast as soon as the show's ready to go
So I thought we were learning new research 2day, but I attended a great MSmisterlated hpv training today.
I'll share when I get the slides.
Just added a new payee to my online banking.
Does it ever end?
mfw my internet completely evaporates just as I deliver the death blow to some zerg guy.
tell me how I trip over my shoe lace...when my shoe is tied?
That's not my weapon...
I am just shooting it.
:
Don Mattingly: What a Young New York Yankees Fan Saw That Made Mattingly a Hero  Bleacher Report
we love you too:
You had a great tasting!
Have you tried StGermain  Whiskey?
Sometimes the world is way too small.
Today is SexySunday ...
Heading to a shoot with the fab  MUA ; Can't wait!!
Time to get sexified.
Xo
Now that Bieber's tour is over, it's a possibility that he shows up at Chris's concert in Pittsburgh.
:
shutup and come be here with me , miss You.
Smile
Hi!
Been a while hasn't it?
How you been sweetie?
You got that right.
My doctoram car is a 1968 Dodge Charger.
I used to have one...OMG that car was amazing and I miss it.
Roasted some cauliflower with coconut oil, doctorssed it w/ tahini, lemon, olive oil.
Pretty much the most delicious thing ever
My love affair with my Nissan Altima is fading fast.
It has an engine rattle that sounds like  flying out of my wallet.
looking for an imaging specialist for ideation and visualization work in packaging  retail/channel  motion  interactive environments.
To A Great 2010!
Oxy Mo: Amature Expert
so not Reggie?
Duly noted.
Thank you!
I didn't know they gave out rings at the holocaust ahahah.
Love this movie
Kareokee is fun....well watching it lol
What the hell...
auto correct shouldn't even have that word there...
;
I CAN NOT STOP LISTENING TO YOUR SONG 11:11!333333333333
i had a doctoram about a fall out boy reunion, in human form!!!!
hi Sebastian, years ago, I met you through a mutal friend, Eddie Ojeda who knew Chris Mc.
I actually opend for you at toads.
Working on a cloud quote.
Takeaways from Day 1: Tech can be used for good and evil 2.
ICT enabled not ICT doctorven 3.
Locally adopted
he's pretty good, what's he make 5k a year playing in Yugoslavia?
was curious myself about pump.
You know who's happy about all this Mel Gibson stuff?
I know right..
I supposedly still coown the collected DVD with Nicky ...
where is that guy?
creepy cat lady!
thank you!
Lolk.
I'm done with you.
Injustice could be eliminated, but human conflicts and natural restrictions cannot be removed.
You're adorkable :
Imagine if NBA overtime was sudden death LMAOOOOOO
Guess u gotta come this year ; RT : CMA Fest Memories 2011 me  but sadly missing
I saw a video of you eating shit out of a tree in the middle of the lake today.
Ashley and I had to rewatch like 3 times.
Ha
No one wants to see your bear claw.
Pull your shirt down or wear looser pants.
are playing live with the Koffin Kats  the otherside in Tulsa, OK on November 18th 8pm
I loved the finale but mad at the same time that i have to wait til next spring to see the shows next season u deserve an award!
What were some of your favorite doctorsses from last night's Academy Awards?
My Zoom360 has arrived!!!
Hello, kid on Christmas morning!!!!
Could I be more excited!?!
Simple answer....
Nope!
Before you assume try this crazy method called ask
Watched My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding.
Interesting...women married at 16 and becoming housewives.
Rare for them to know how to read/write...
Yay!
It's an amazing book.
And congrats on buying a house!
Hor d'oeuvres, live music, and an open bar means happy people at our booth at
Bruce Willis in The Jackal.
not in Detroit
Suddenly, JayZ can't name any Meredith Brooks songs.
Thanks, I had a great time!
I always enjoy talking to smart, engaged students.
Enjoyed the piece.
An aspect of trails and highways involves groups of minority descent.
no because labor day is the next day so you will be safe lol
LOL!
I'm coming back soon as I can afford it!
Yes.
This makes the Trayvon Martin case even more absurd.
Starting to lose faith in JPMorgan
I want MORE INK.
A twoyearold is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it.
Jerry Seinfeld
my personal is I don't use it anymore so we could just use that :
doctorpping my mixtape real soon go cop that from your local bootleg man im spittin fire on the mic
Your attitude is shit.
Goodbye.
Go some place you've never been before.
RT : Shout I go to Costa Rica instead and save Hawaii for the winter?
Beavis  ButtHead.
Tonight.
10pm.
MTV.
Awesome!
Is there a good local scene out there?
hit clean hockey check, Letang leaned down late awkwardly and got bulldozed.
Shoulder, not elbow, and contact point was chest
: : M...
Should I do a shot while I'm at home?!
what u think bout dat?
Mind your own fucking business.
What I do with my life should be none of your concern.
Feeling good today.
omg that is hillarious...
sad, but hillarious  gives a whole new meaning to pizza face
You too Sir
Burgers on a truck?
So brilliant it borders on diabolical!
/cc
I wish someone could pause time and just let me sleep..
I'm so tired
If a problem doesn't make a student go hm, is it a problem at all?
Not too bad, my shower was cold this morning :
I have to think what I want it to be.
Now I confused the heck outta people
Car I just passed had a need a Santa?
bumper sticker and mister Claus in full costume.
writing.
new shit...
inspired
the only daughter.
I need some of that heat
Bus ride home is already a comedy of errors with a slightly ragefueled doctorver.
Should be a fun commute.
if you study it isn't bad but I didn't crossword is due also
woah!
Blast from the past!
How are you guys?
Ha.
Those foghorns better be real in this pea soup or there could be another disaster on the river!
My Indian porn name is Watch n Wack.
No not yet!
Isn't he at his prom?
:
Oh it is so beautiful!!!
I love the eatyourwayout scenario
let's dance in the moonlight.
Enjoy it!!
3
It's important to set goals.
is freaking out that I have a birth mark
something like that happened to me last week.
I just flipped out my switchblade and scratched my head.
He shut his mouth.
yea but I got me a cold glass of H2O right beside me
except that handle doesn't exist lmaooooo
Oh, I can do better.
I just need to know what meaning needs INCLUSION
Obese player ARE dying at age 43, at a much higher rate than suicides.
NFL players now are bigger than ever.
My moms a bitch, my dad's an ass, my sister is psyco,  my brother is an idiot !!
Beautiful tasting you put together there.
Thanks for sharing your discovery.
Cheers!
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
Ok I will work on this and send a link.
This is cool!!
Even though we aren't together anymore.
I love you so much MAL 3333
That exciting moment when you're about to try a new cereal you've never had.
Got simple JNI example working with jamvm on OpenWrt Kamikaze 8.09.1.
Finally progress is being made.
Could you please please credit that cover video to Wax Ecstatic  The Pympster?
Take a seat Mendenhall that was a nasty hit Nada!!
do you remember having coming to Washington, Everett at the events center ?
just wondering if would do that again?
I fear for your safety ...
badgers have sharp claws, you know.
aye bro you get my text?
come on wit it fwm
Happy wedding day to my dear friends Tiffany  Lennon!!
What a great day  so honored that I was a part of their big day!!
That's the end of the Knicks season...
Sad day ....
newsletter?
My blog?
I always do!
That was a sweet deal ya got!
Nicely done!
what other occupation.
Freedom plaza?
Don't tempt me!
Beau  I will be there, eating your food  preserves, and stealing his honey from his bees.
Forever.
I'm already starving and ready for lunch
Eating every few hours helps to diminish cravings and stabliize blood sugar.
Yay, got my nails done :
Modern man is confronted with the task of making more readjustments of human values in one generation than have been made in 2000 years.
ah its nice out sucks I got a ton of work to do.
I don't like when people sit on my bed...
That's why I always lay my Hello Kitty blankets when I know someone is coming haha.
ICC and WIPO launch Spanish version of Making Intellectual Property Work For Business: See ICC website.
My teacher sounds and looks like gigglie puff I swear
I LOVE YOUR HAIR SO MUCH!!!
I just met a Jew.
Weird.
Sounds like a plan.
Have a great weekend.
I put my phone on airplane mode and threw it in the air
Just heard a crazy rumor that will be giving out beer tickets to everyone who sees PANDEMONIUM on opening night.
assistant coach Buck Williams not extended.
Contract expires end of june 
Good things come to those who work their asses off and never give up.
This is me too tonight.
I'll always do what is asked of me, but I am not a fucking mind reader.
Lots to mull over after RT:: Saw Becky Shaw last night Theatre.
Comedic yet darkly satirical.
Highly recommended.
Use software to track strategic plans.
Libraries need to show accountability when working with admin ...
and, you know, generally
When you are the strong one ppl don't give you permission to hurt
New Badass Images From Disney39;s Brave Put Katniss Everdeen In ...
my policy is always to NOT let companies store my CC info.
Customers should have been made aware of your former policy.
fuck the D.E.A, I.R.S, and U.S Marshalls for the shit they pulled today at Oaksterdam RIP to those who lost there life over a fucking plant
Good morning twitter!!!!
Woke up feeling real great !!!
seriously..why am I here?
Hey Matt, my dear friend sent me here.
I voted for you.
Hope you get it, kid!
u2 thanks
dumbthingspeoplesay If homosexuality is a disease then can people call in work 'gay'
Up early in the AM after a beautiful night.
Ready to do it again next weekend
The officiating in the 4Q of this game is SO weak.
For both teams.
I wish I could just stamp an image of Peggy Olson headdesking on some of these papers.
I love Snow doctorfts from CaribouCoffee :
I absolutely loved the film 'Bottle Shock'!
Pretty much anything about Napa  it's amazing wines  wineries I love!!!
Mayor press conf at 1:00 to prempt growing support for alder resolution extending time for tent city to stay on Occupy site.
Fresh out of practice now a long day of class !
Beautiful shopGreat new location on Montgomery Blvd in Mossman Center!
hey what kinda doctorms you have man??
where did I leave you?
YOU'VE GOTS A BETTER CHANCE THEN I DO
Me thinks that the moment my legs begin to move, my thoughts begin to flow.
Henry David Thoreau
PM contacted Parcells 4 input  BP asked him if hes heard of Jamie Moyer, cant throw as hard but still gets outs Via
Before twitter, celebrities used to sit dead for months and months completely unnoticed.
Adele's voice gives me goosebumps
thanks for the recommendation!
Having dinner at 5 Napkin Burger on Lincoln Rd with
ready to do work son whatup?
Being listed totaly rules.
i mean if i belong in it and all that junk.
high five!
Join a Recession Proof Company!!
Work from home and make extra cash!
Remember when Google was awesome and totally going to replace Facebook?
Ya, I'll stick with doctorpbox for now.
Last night I felt like I was in a production of Waiting For Godot with a soft rock soundtrack
all night?
that's a 30 minute gig!
and that's at 4!
:P
LOL!
I think I know the subject...
Maybe...
maybe not!
There are DMs
goodhostess goodsport.
Now the The Bachelor is over, what is the next train wreck to watch?
I can't find any...
Looking for something to read in Central Park?
Check out thousands of titles at The !
We're alright I guess haha.
I haven't got any photos with Uncle Ted, not really allowed cameras backstage
ANdoctorS.
ANdoctorS DON'T YELL AT ME.
YOU'LL DAMAGE YOUR BLACK LUNG EVEN FURTHER.
Just found out the boy I'm following on here has a girlfriend.
:
Finally over you, phone buzzes, great here we go again3
Finally got to see TheAvengers!
Such a good movie!!
Well worth the wait!
Chris Evans and Robert Downy Jr.
are pretty bad ass!

it sure is!
Delaine!
Great to hear from you.
email me at mike dot webb at propublica dot org
I'm so tired from last night just laying in bed reading and tweeting and hopefully napping soon.
Oh Noes!
My raffles won't load...
is it me, or are you having a little hiccup?
Whichever makes me popular
only tickets left are for season ticket holder for 2013
Stop lying about me...and i'll stop telling the truth about u.
Can't wait to see Moore, Gordon and the gang under the arch tonight!
cafe press is pretty decent.
haha thanks bud: I love you too.
Sully scoring  Tom Hanks figuring out how to make fire in Castaway
and Chris Bosh lol
JR Carnival will b held  Broward Regional Park on Oct 2nd...it's a FREE event!
Bring out the family  support the kids!
Yay!
Keep us in the loop and holler if we can be of assistance.
Pa'lante como elefante!
I have had a great time teaching social media classes this week as part of Tech Week at the Library.
This afternoon: Hilliard branch!
it would nevel
In the evening news why do they say good evening when there is nothing good in the news.
You sound JUST like the people who bash and hate on TNA just because of their insecurities.
Instead you SHOULD BE FOCUSING ON TNA
Have a great time in London!
hey, we met at RCC a while back, sorry it's taken me so long to connect
Thanks for sharing this article.
Very informative.
:
I feel like the artist we have in milwaukee now can get us some labels to come take a look.
But we need to go hard abd not be a miltown star
Thanks to you too!
Glad to hear you liked the class.
See you tomorrow
Today's youth are digital natives and marketing natives
Please let it snow lots tonight and tomorrow!!
I want my very first snow day!!
And to make a snowman!!
what about Barry Levinson's And Justice for All...Pachino a bit over the top, but featured a great turn from Jeffrey Tambor
I feel like a lost cause
just cuz the majority think its cool..
doesnt mean it IS cool..
Fuk the popular belief
: Wait...were u on msnbc or channel 4 back home?
he was on THE ;
Just checked into studios daydoctoramsandnightmares June 2012
You are among friends.
Everyone always everywhere.
Life is good!
sorry kenflo clearly won edgar deserves immediate rematch 4sure it would be an injustice if he doesn't get it!
Bison fans sound loud!!!
lol no seriously..what college did u end up goin to
With the end of the Iraq War flying Michelle Obama and her entourage to one exotic vacation after another is the military's largest task.
I am so happy for you guys .
.
.
young black men .
.
luh dat!
It is almost time for CMLbookchat!
PrettyCHOCOLATE!
sunburnt in march 
No early bird this time around, just 128 PM.
Also figuring out shows for June  October.
EarlyBird will be back eventually!
Screw this work thing......
Lets just play music
Oh cool.
I've heard good things about Moonshine.
it's exactly what happening
Thanks for the RT!
It should be an interesting event.
Worrying is like a rocking chair, it gives you something to do, but doesnt get you anywhere!
: So N.
Korea was less crazy With Kim Jung Il?
scary thought isn't it?
So pumped for kings island in a week.
Miss you too.
They keep taking my phone away.
Survival of the fittest.
Let's go Brewers
Retweet if you believe in God!
Keep scrolling if you don't!
the fast brown fox hopped under the lazy dog.
I hate it when u refuse to go on a truck stop date
I CANNOT BELIEVE THAT JUST HAPPEND AH!
HAHAHAHA
I think your a great actor.
Maybe we will get to work together one day.
: please follow back!
Man if only Watson doctorbbled the ball out to kill clock and get fouled with maybe 3 seconds left dang smh
Some people have bad hair days, I have bad Zumba days every now and then.
Today was one of those days!
: im glad u didn't haha even though i got a few sips of ur southern comfort
nope not that guy...
was like 3 years ago...
can't place his name short stocky guy with a beard
loves the text I just sent her  she knows it.
;
You understand.
:
can't have the Knicks/ Jeremy Lin ...
That was a rough game, they won today tho!!
:
Are you over 40 and noticing your face is not as fresh as it was in your 30's?
We can help w/ our signature Belladerma Mini Lift.
Congrats to you both!
Yay I get to see you then too!
RT : Congrats to cowinner !
: cc:
haha jess and I are gonna go on jerry springer!
I'm sad : I no longer have a PC to make music on :  not sure when I'll have the  to get a new one.
This blows.
Back on the left coast for a few days in PDX!
It's nice to be home, but I'm headed back to NYC on Monday.
I b back I'm bout to take this shower real fast
Not bad logic :
6 LIKES AWAY AND YOU ALL GET THE NEW SONG!!
LET'S DO THIS!!
You just made my weekend!
There's a Jackson Brodie tv series?!
I may be clueless but I have pluggedin friends.
There seems to be some kinda spambot being spread through direct messages, so watch the links you open...
thanks for the good juju!
;
More and more often lately I find that cartridges aren't charged with nearly the usual amount of juice.
Not happy about it.
Feeling sick :
Ppl always tryna tell me wut I need to do I guess cuz I'm not living my life to their expectations
Just wanna get this quiz over with so I can go home
thank you !!
oh yeah I gotta get you some episodes of Eastbound and Down, watched like 4 new ones last night, funny shit!!!!
Yeah, doing pdxtraffic is a change for me too.
Having a good time.
I'll be back in the weather center tomorrow morning!
Unacceptable for an actor on a tv show to deliver lines with their mouth full of food.
First and last time I'll ever watch Happy Endings
cant wait either 
Librarians should get a pad and a plug and get away from the reference desk.
is it safe to call him Broadway Tebow?
When and AJ was on I never missed a show.
Those were the days.
ImissThem I love Rocsi and Terrence but
I still don't understand how/why Twitter will unfollow folks I choose to follow and suggest folks I'm not at all inclined to think about.
We've been trying to get in a commercial but his hair is in high demand these days!
sounds good
On the road again!
Cass!
Or John.
Either are acceptable.
Like the universe, Bryzgalov has been humongous big in the net tonight.
Thanks for posting!
I'm just getting started on Pinterest and appreciate whatever help I can get.
Those are the three things the ego is doing all the time.
It's very important to be aware of them every time they come up.
Looking forward to your commentary!
As soldiers of Christ No soldier gets entangled in civilian pursuits, since his aim is to please the one who enlisted him 2 Timothy 2:34
Perfectly put.
i don't know what I'd do if you left me, so please don't go away.
no it's just teresa
don't ever dare to talk with me!
Great.
I'll send you details of the conference.
someone tell him there's only a script for weather when there's a guest
your only as small, as the world will make you seem.
will do.
Thanks!
I was happy at first, then looked at the calendar to see it's 2012, not 2006.
TIME 2 GET OFF MY FEET  SIT ON MY AZZ!
We are so close to the flower district.
Surprise your sweetie w/ a bouquet, a bagel  a latte!
Stop by the font desk and grab a city map.
wow in 140 characters?
; : well hello!
future of women's soccer in the US wpschat
I'll take that WARNING risk!
Sorry to hear you had a rough morning!
Hope your day got better!
Thank you.
Consider The Orphan Master's Son, A.
Johnson; Touch, Alexi Zentner; Civilized World, Susi Wyss.
Girls golf: Wilsonville moves back into tie for 1st in NWOC after scoring 193 yesterday to win match at Quail Valley.
Liberty 2nd.
It's opening day.
We bought one of everything!
On second though, might want to wait until the madness dies down...
Daydoctoraming about my summer routine...I'm over it...201112 school year
I just found this account.
I've liked you on facebook for a while though!!!
As long as your chest is pounding, you can rest assured that you're still alive!
im gonna cut myself a big piece of cake because I deserve it
Crash on WB 94 near Puetz rd.
will close the interstate until 7AM says 3 semis, two cars; one truck doctorver hurt.
: Mathematical Mischief is a newly published book that encourages 4th graders to write about math.
www.mathmischief.com
books books books
These are not even iMessages, just every new IM message triggers Messages to open on the other machine.
Saw Queens of the Stone Age last night Amazing show.
But had a hard realization that I am, in fact, too short for man concerts.
Thank you, so was yours!!!
Superexcited to connect w/ you at SYS!
So much awesomeness will be in that building :
doctoramweaver keeps crashing, so taking it back oldschool with Notepad.
I swear thats the only bitch that understands me
how can you doctorve traffic to your Facebook page with realworld marketing tactics?
Thanks for sharing, hope your food was delish!
She sends her love.
In class with Krystal!
Absolutely  it boggles my mind that potentially superfluous credit card debt can be wiped out but student loans can't be
good idea to check with first about Accessibility Camp DC.
Have extra bed at house.
Thugs, whores, and Josh Hutcherson.
Lmfao just kidding nothing much talk to
Thanks for the follow!
Friend me on Facebook too!
Why is it that the end of the day is when all the work comes.
I was just thinking about that today.
I went to buy some and a pack of like 100 was like 4...
heya Pete!
Thanks for following.
:
Thank you and Welcome to all our new followers.Come on out to Elmington Park on West End 2day and get some good ol country cookin
Super Tuesday!
Will twitter and facebook quit changing?
Rememberwhen Austin skyped his fans for free, when it didn't take spam for him to notice you, and remember when he would dm us regularly.
.
has taken over ClosetSundays!
Packed out house!
Best gay party on the strip
ah yeah!!!
And let's not forget mister high five station!
so glad you they tasted delicious!
:
Very excited to feature our NEWLY RENOVATED apartments!
Stay tuned for more details!
The request that Derrick Fisher make more than 20 of his shots.
Its been far too long  let's reconnect over coffee or lunch  how's your schedule next week?
what a dope crew u have lol
Fab day even though it's cloudy and raining.
Tired and sore.
Goodnight
FOLLOW THEM THEY ARE PART OF THE MOVEMENT WE FOLLOW BACK
Slowest people EVER
It was a hearing.
I don't believe there was a vote
If you follow us, please follow them
Uncomplicated Woman: 4 She processes past her emotions into her PURPOSE!
Haha.
Maybe sometime I will tell you..
just not on twitter!

There is a Joss thing about names and naming one's self.
What has Jason Garrett done to show he's the right guy.
49ers Harbaugh has done more with less.
uxweek begins.
I'm surrounded by nerds like me
Some times i wish i was a full time student  didn't have to worry about bills
better....going to jump into the shower and get ready for work....you should be heading to bed soon....talk to ya later...
Great Run For Their Lives walk/run!The generousity of spirit, and the healing power of our community, Lach's Legacy is fighting SIDS in SD
Resources are things that work for you.
Resourcefulness, is about YOU making things happen.
: Did y'all see my girl on Law and Order?!!!!
Awesome huh?!!!
You should be so proud of her.
Now go have a doctornk or two or...
taking ideas for this year's peep dioroama.
entries due friday.
mustaches and marshmallows reenacting the pedal keg ride?
Wait, What???
RT 3 hours til  it will be just like old times isthereashowtonite?
PLease follow!
It would mean the world to me!!
Suddenly, my early to bed Wednesday, late night Thursday relayforlife routine seems like a terrible idea in light of a 2fer this weekend.
You take away the pain, and I thank you for that.
If I ever get the chance, 'bet Im paying you back.
Ill be waiting for that
I'm getting paid to dance!
A coworker, on his last day of work.
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets
Josh Johnson should forget Sf and Wash, dial up Denver.
I bet they'll pay well for the right backup.
And you could be the future
I can conquer the world with one hand, as long as you're holding the other.
Thanks for FF!
Just made reservations for next Friday to try the menu and cocktails  SO excited!
I don't like the trend of blogs / news sites changing their text color to gray instead of black.
It's not easy on the eyes.
Still basking in gig afterglow.
Next up, and My new year's resolution is coming along swimmingly.
Just had legitimate celebrity sighting in NYC airport.
Now feeling slightly paranoid as everyone I see looks like they might be famous.
Yawn Im tired tonight so im gonna head offline.
Goodnight all!
:
Reaching into my full pocket, I found emptiness.
Feelin like its time for a lil' nap
porn today  since I shouldn't really be leaving the house right now!
I sometimes forget how bad some porn can be!
Lol  but at
Baruch offers students endless opportunities to succeed like interning abroad.
Attend the Int'l Internship Extravaganza today to learn more!
ha ha ha ha ha ...very astute observation...CHEERS TO THAT!
I love your undies I own some exactly the same lol
Nothing inspires confidence like a white smile!
Got a Valentine in mind??
Get a whiter smiler just in time!
www.kravitzdental.com
Check out my cover of Adele's hit song Someone like you
Birthday shout out to my one and only Harry Noots!!
Lol.
I don't see any reason for you not to do it.
YOLO.
I look forward to a detailed blog post.
Its Music Biz 4.0.
All of an artist's creative assets can be held in one online destination.
.
word!
winning RT OK I caved to your PeerPressure and also bought America The Beautiful from !
So none of the 3 Mega Millions winners have stepped forward yet??
How much of a slacker do u have to be to put off 100 million??
Slackers.
Will you be making a trip back to the Midwest at any point?
Hopefully I'll have a chance to get out to NACMA another year.
procrastinate now.
don't put it off.
I cannot be the only single lady on Twitter who perked up at that long list of qualities.
just getting started on using tweetdeck
ooh me to, just wait till exams.
:o
looking forward to tonight's OUTauction  great art and a great crowd!
SUHWEET.
Awesome to know for after APUSH exam when we want to do movie analysis but don't want them yelling out.
I'm HIGHLY irritated that there is no parking around There is 3 weeks left of schoolthe construction really couldn't have waited??
this was supposed to be about me...
Making a Difference!
ArtWorks!
Gwinnett Awards Volunteer of Year nominees are Charlie Rhiem
follow me?
i LOVE OTH :
Slogging through my Works Cited pagesand enjoying it.
That's weird, I guess?
thanks, girl!
She got a four thousand dollar watch that she doesn't even watch.
June O'Donal speaks about her book The Fryeburg Chronicles at the Friday Local Author Series today at noon in meeting room
Ok the bottom of the fourth didn't work out for the Crew.
JShin VS JHustle New MixTape doctorps March 14......
Titled.
Make Sure You DownLoad That....
welcome.
Trust me off the record I've been trying so hard for many but just bad timing it seems.
Wishing on those fireflies.
I can't wait to get back to Institute, although it won't be until next Wednesday since I have my interview with my Bishop Wednesday night :
I will talk to the right people lets see what we can do
let's not forget older adults choosing to live in cities
happy birthday ily  ;
Sadie and I are heading to for their birthday month party.
Sadie will be 2 on the 20th!
Thanks for following Justin.
shut up
I miss Austin's braces already lol
I'm waiting lol
For me personally, Having at Edcampss was a highlight.
Fantastic experience!
Thank you.
I'm hungry..
when?
I didn't think I had to work today, but now I do!
I work from 2:455:30
People ask weird private stuff on google looking for answers.
Write articles that answer those questions about your service.
PlansForTheSummer Take over the world!
My temptation may not be your temptation but you do have a temptation.
Humble your soul/turn over the plate.
That awkward moment when someone is staring at someone with crazy eyes you tell them 'stop staring'!Then you realize its their natural eyes
Michelle Obama vacations in Spain and cost the tax payers thousands of dollars.
This is like Nero playing his fiddle while Rome is burning.
avengers, knicks are about to get finished off
Don't scare me girl  it's Tuesday here in the States.
I hope you have an awesome day wherever you are.
Be blessed, be proud
Looking for a legal job.
Do you think maritime law is a good niche to go into because of piracy?
I can say Arrrgh well:
Margaritas on the beach in 3 days.
Thasss the kinda dude I been looking for  and yea you get slapped if you lookin HOE!
A girl just performed her poetry and everyone clapped....did they not realize every word she spoke was an insult to America.
Girl you got gas money so I can doctorve you home.....
TMobile should hit the million mark before the weekend is over!
I need a polaroid instant camera to borrow.
Anyone I know, got any ideas?
Need by the weekend.
And film please?!
If the right one is always wrong then it might be you
I am a leaf on the wind, I am a leaf on the wind, I am a leaf on the wind...
Moving sucks
The newWorldTradeCenter is already the tallest bldg in lower Manhattan.
Keep it going!
yea for sure im always looking for writers/singers, im in chicago but location doesnt matter really.
songsiwillnevergettiredof  I Wanna Be Loved
well share the love ;
I'm holding on, but I'm over it.
A FrankSinatra kind of morning.
It is a
your happiness and vibe is part of why I love your band so much.
Can't believe I have been listening for over 15 yrs since 5th grd
dm Can you tell me who the national correspondent at Gannett would be for Education.
I'm a former colleague of Andoctorw Oppmann.
Got home yesterday, we'll have to swap stories!
Certainly came out of the trip with some beer and booze suggestions...
I may have a Happy Meal when absolutely necessary...but no Big Macs
You must trade mark you tattoo
you would think that LeBitch paid his fans to talk shit after Lakers games...cus it never fails...win or loss.
Why does Republican Congresswoman Mean Jean Schmidt from Ohio always try to get face time with the Prez/
I can't wait for prom with !!
WORKING ON NEW MUSIC .
if you like a girl , then dont flirt with other girls .
tell my liver that
Tonight, my WNC J101 students are presenting their final projects style.
Well almost: no booze.
Students, alumni, state legislators press Vanderbilt on 39;allcomers39; policy
u never anwser my texts....and ur like never free haha
yup.
He's fine  he has lost a lot of weight  gained some muscles!
:
First week of 2012 is over.
How did you do with your resolutions?
OMG I HT MY COMPUTER RIGHT NOW
goodmernin!
in my granny's voice
Awesome.
Consider yourself penciled.
Funny.
We just watched that movie Monday night.
And, yeah, I love that too.
Aunt Josephine is one of my favorite characters.
I think some have never had a major reaction so they aren't careful....
We're big rye fans over here.
Look forward to giving that a try.
dfrguvbkl me too!
My mom only let me get it cuz i agreeded to go to prom cuz i really dont wanna, it's really expensive!
my nigga out there tryna practice on his 2K moves
Thank you, it was so great to have you at NYC.
You were sitting near the front  wonderful to watch your reactions.
call the store before you doctorve up to confirm they still have the burgers.
248.538.4600
FYI only: sending my guest blog post by tomorrow : Will email it to you for review  consideration
shockingly, shelling all those peas turned out to be super not fun
SHUT UP!!
You're beautiful..
You are, you are!!
Believe me.
3
Well my hands are a wreck, and I'm never paying money for this bullcrap again.
So superfluous.
It's spread inside!
Hoping to get a pic up ASAP.
Stay tuned!
Stupid ass Mf
very good news!
karaoke yourself
A great website needs elements great design, user interface and content.
Some people just miss the mark on this.
Early morning baseball 
um actually I work a double on Saturday and a double on Sunday so you hush!
that's really gross...
Developing a multimedia network is hard work.
But oh, am I going to turn cartwheels when we launch!
Good keep me posted little bunny
your NOT dying..
you can't be..
I haven't gotten to meet you yet!
You are forbidden to die until AFTER we've gotten to meet!
lights music 
i'm glad some of the followers i had from the very beginning are still with me today!
3 thanks!
What a fun time at yesterday!
Was great to rep  with such amazing youth  staff
We are at over 100 follows at 96 Facebook likes!
Thanks, everyone!
Why do people wear plastic flip flops ?
Special thanks to annesetnor for being awesome and and shannonkiisk for moral and emotional support!
Ha!
Think ill go see a concert tonight at the emerson with zach dave and maybe some of my buds from decibel!
I love online video for marketing and I'm okay with auto play but if you don't let me stop it when I want, I'm gone.
if it is I'm a 100 prego haha
Let your tax return turn you into a homeowner
!!!
RT : Go For it now, the future is promised to no one.
Wayne Dyer
in the one after
Family time is the best.
Enjoy!
Had a blast shooting the Infomercial for the CHEF BASKET Its the one kitchen item I can honestly say I use every single day.
I love it!
Mirror Mirror, Snow White  The Huntsman  Once Upon a Time...how many versions of Snow White do we need right now?
This very day can be the first day of your new life.
It's all your choice.
Robin Sharma
We r all born w/ gifts!
Why not share them w/ the world!
Hold a recruiting planning meeting with the recruiter, the HR leader, the hiring manager, and, potentially, a coworker or internal customer
They may be closing schools across America but at least they are opening more casinos..
What are the odds?
obama boston
Our generation is fcked up Smh :
I am now.
I'll send you the CD if you want.
check her out on Youtube.
Just PM me an addy
Fill in the blank: My favorite ACTOR is  .
I'm posting some at the HS on Friday.
I know you'll guess one for sure!
Adam: What do you think Ohn da moo means?
Damien: Uh, on the moon?
Lmfao
Got some great shots from summerfest fireworks...got a surprise visit from too!
Good times.
: God can we please get rid of Deandoctor already?!
idol NO not yet
are you around next year?
I could use a language partner
you are so funny, was checking out the other one too, where you said, haters are your motivators!.....i love it!!!!!
Super excited to give my dad tickets to see in January!
Congrats !
Looking forward to it!
RT Amazon's Learning SPARQL page is now up and ready for preorders amzn.to/lEXtGo
Although I hate being sick, I'm glad that it happened after guard was over!
its going good can't wait to graduate and hows things with you ?
Guess how many points are in a quick mist on a single serving salad?
Zero.
Zilch.
Nada.
None.
CyberStationUSA.com give me some details about yourself
: I tell it like it is if you don't like it I'm sorry ...
no way, but more inspiring.
Oh baby , why'd you have to be with your mom at the mall ?
RT : New lineup for Belltown Restaurant Tour is set to feature Local 360,Rob Roy,Shiro's,Branzino  Spur.
Rolling w an Irish Saturday...Bangers and Mash Omelet Irish Style Sausage, Cheddar, Mashed Potatoes, Caramelized Onion and Jameson Cheese
t Mayweather...
Cotto still fought good!
It's weird, on IG it seems like everybody feels obligated to like one of your pics if you like one there's, lol I do feel it sometimes
blast!
Damned borderline lactose intolerance
JetsChargers...looking forward to the postgame handshake.
Go Bolts!
think the soup was my favorite!
I miss seeing you everyday...
HateLies3Trust
It feels like spring in Indiana!
You would never know it's the middle of November!
u on ps3 add me limmit52 I'm on it joint on my lips controller in my hand
Why does everyone always want to be followed?
The kind of day when your worst class is the best of the day.
Woof.
Radio pe
Tell us one cool thing you're doing for National Library Week!
Hold your head high , your middle finger higher ,  let him know what he's missing .
I'm 90 sure I'm fixing to RAGEQUIT everything
watch it woman
hello everyone, i am very bored :
maybe my mood, took a long time getting anywhere and I enjoy fantasy  try SERAPHINA instead
hey dave whats up you know me
just opened Twitter!!!!!!
Super Sad True Habits of Highly Effective Writers...
loved it!
Looking at Adjudica, we should have had you there at Next time?
Cant believe im sick..left wk yest and went to the hospital...
They've had the better chances, but I don't know who makes me more nervous: Evans or De Gea.
1: Maybe I'm misjudging this thing?!!!
...Nnnaaaaaahhhhhh!
Nope.
Non.
Still not panicking!!
; DCIrene
no problem !:
I tried to follow can't
Adele's boyfriend looks like Chris Farley with glasses.
I'm so sick of fights, I hate this.
Watching basketballwives and is a boss!
I love her and !
Jiro an absolute treat.
Best doc so far.
Left a smile on face, in my heart.
Rooting for I'llHaveAnother...
RT your picks!
Right hip is in so much pain, hoping to get it checked out soon.
Seriously tired of walking with a limp.
We don't cut cookies, we give you a personalized, professorssional haircut at affordable price!
Winwin
my dumbass went all the way to work thinking i had to be to work at 9 this morning
Tim Thomas ridiculous Save.
This account enjoys the following Wordsmiths  
T3: should be continuous professorssional development rather than CME.
How's that for eduspeak?
Stop giving your  to oil companies.
Stop buying plastic.
Well...duh, William.
I don't know what that is.
Describe it to me...in detail.
Don't leave anything out.
5 more days of this
doesn't do tail call optimization, does it?
anyone know where to play tennis is NYC that doesn't require a permit?
Dear lady who watched me push the elevator button and pushed it again 4 seconds later, I got this.
Love, Tim
still ballin like im bo diddley
lol is that right?
Well.
Terrible start.
Meeting up with a veteran/avid cyclist near Wilmington.
Gotta get some tips on business and bicycles.
Away we goo!!
Mercury Retrograde  GREAT 4 rewriting, cleaning out closets, hearing from old friends, throwing out old STUFF; ideas, habits, relationships
What time Phil?
Sunburn.
Ouch.
Quote of the day: Show me a guy who's afraid to look bad, and I'll show you a guy you can beat every time, Lou Brock
Yeah, I realized my mistake from your original tweet  was just having some fun quoting Beavis if you didn't catch it.
:
haha you're still a kid bro :
Gotta love for the
i've voted so many times for already, that it keeps giving me the same security code.
:D
Had a very nice quiet night in.
Looking forward to brunch  SanDiegoZoo today!
Can't wait to see the
Hi Dave
lol I had a proud moment
Go with Nexus beer instead!
soo good to see you!!!
Sorry if I was aggressive or needy!
Omg what a freaking game....going crazy
Pay Day Friday.
let's make a webseries together about both of us and our first names called DD.
What's going down tonight?
I'm sorry what language are you speaking?
Sounds like bullshit.
At the Pasadena Courthouse representing the BCS streaker.
LAKERS going back to the championship
Special Education Apps.
highlighted in Apple's iTunes store this week.
This is not the time to be asleep.
Get up and speak the word over the home and family.
Pray for the leaders and schools..
Ugh!
Something told me to stay HOME today
start trumpeting that horn up to some of your national 'coworkers' lol
It matters not; The game was over when Toronto scored 4.
Thanks for sharing our blog posts!
how are you :
Claire and that squirrel baby be crazy Yo!
What makes me mad is that people have bitched for years for CoD to be different, and when they finally change it, people bitch...
Mets dump KRod.
Let's sign Prince Fielder!
Move Ike to the outfield after Beltran bolts for San Fran.
Yes, the rest of the season doesn't matter.
I am!
So much energy nothing to do!
Wtf???
God's sense of humor is an impotent male virgin whose girlfriend is five month pregnant.
At the UMD American Politics workshop
All you need to know is GB chillage on SATURDAY : springtime fun with friends.....of either gender LMAO
whatt.
hahah yeah he's my 6th boyfriend :p the other 5 is in OneDirection 
Heyy Big head !
How your day going
is everything ok man?
Friday Humor: A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.Author Unknown
wanna get DP'd while we have our slap fest?
great weather in South Texas today
Overall it was a good day 3
Heading to altsummit tomorrow, will be tweeting mostly from if you want to follow, but maybe here too.
Anyone else going?
i also like to pretend im married to a guy named Niall.
hughughug I love you so so so very much, my sweet girl.
Talk about your good ideas!
These guys are too smart !
Anyone still there?
my buddy just introduced me to them this week.
i couldnt believe i never heard of them before!!
: YouWasCuteUntil u turned out like every other guy I'm not tho lol but seriously...
let's doctorve around Santa Monica and force him to record new music
HATE hate this halftime show.
: whats ur fan page?
Oh, by fanpage I meant this twitter account x sorry for the confusion:P
Hopefully I don't have friends who won't be friends with you if you show up for a movie in workout clothes covered in flour
Who got tickets to see the premiere of my new music video today at the El Capitan Theater in Hollywood?
Comment if you're going!
Getting an old school shave and a haircut at Vicks Place.
Just not two bits anymore
you have the most wonderful singing voice ever u sound just like jb sike!
the screen, for sure
Strive to be better
so immaterial at my aunts house abduction omfg princess is huge she's so buff lol
that wiz beat pretty hot fam
Thank you!
We try!
chinese is not a gender.
its a race
don't even get me started on that one
: Would love to see Wieters make this 104 so I can relax.
umm ok!
nice one
RT When your just texting someone then they just dont reply...
Kinda gets you like this ThingsThatPissMeOff
The think like a man movie fuckin up my pussy.
She talkin about I gotta wait 90 days
Child please.
He was in no way in shooting position.
So true.
Happy early birthday!
JJ would be perfect.
Love it.
Love her!
Public Charter School legislation to allow for innovation and options in public edu!
lol, true though..
I wish someone had told me sooner.
Did you know that Jack Johnson was the first AfricanAmerican world heavyweight boxing champion, in 1908?
Letting my nigga Slick whip
RT : You're amazing!
So glad you could participate in conference, Diane,  excited to hear what results at Wildf ...
Join a trendy new Aquascape forum at www.tankscapers.com
I really hope that wasn't about me 
Just realized I am moving in one week.
Think I should spend the day being overwhelmed on couch instead of in cube.
Why is Noah keep switching on lebron
All my Kubuntu systems lose the printer dialog, and I cannot fix it.
Time to switch back to regular Ubuntu!
sorry for the questions i just saw u live in chicago i do to just wondering if we have played against eachother.
what's Boudin?
already followed 
Integration is not just the opposite of segregation.
Integrated thinking is far too rare right now.
We are trapped in aimlessness of variety
Thank you :
haha there's no point in wearing underwear under a long doctorss lol
If was real, everyone in SF would be moving away from dozens getting murdered daily.
Going to californiaTortilla after the gym might be the reason the gym isn't working.
Remember that save by Fleury at about the 19:00 minute mark of the second if the Pens should come back  win this game.
Mike Napoli should be starting consistently 50/50 with Yorvit.
That man can swing the bat.
Heard on the radio today for the first time,with 3
Um, I believe it will...
Getting lost in Indy with my brother and
I know.
But remember that you're strong.
thoughts on Cassel and Kolb bringing hesitation to teams wanting Flynn?
I think i had an AWESOME day because i had a doctoram about last night3
Diana Greene remembers her life by what she wore on certain days.
Come see her performance A Dozen doctorsses, Thurs, Feb.
9, 7 pm FREE
I am on tilt already, I was thinking ahead of time, just fast fwd his K's!!!
lol
Irish Reynolds give us a new video  Learn Football Freestyle
Once when I was a little kid I asked my mom for Scooby Snacks and she gave me mini shrimp...
i think looks gorgeous on regis and kelly.
lovin the hat and make up 
My stepson's mom told him that we were brain washing him because we talk about God  pray.
: Hope he sees the light.
God's morning tweeps!
ROLL CALL!
Thank You!
RT : I love !
I hope you are following  subscribed to their eNewsletter!
Nerdy conference is super nerdy.
Just walked past a guy working on UNIX on his iPad.
I didn't even know you could do that!
No fat chicks.
YOU TUBE THAT SONG..ITS HELLA SICK I HEARD
idoctortherHave one true friend than 100 fake ones
Belay that order!
Make that 2030EDT!
Or maybe we should just say 8:30PM.
Military time is confusing.
Get Ready for all things Vizsla in Denver this week!
Vizsla Nationals at See you there :
Sorry!
Happy almost graduation, by the way!
We're open until 11:00 am.
...This Thanksgiving morning.
Come 'on over!
Black Velvet...
Guinness and champagne.
New favorite
Got back to NY from Baltimore yesterday.
It was worth the trip to see LacunaCoil headline!
Thank you!
lol it's cause I'm ugly
Great Holiday Gift!
www.diversityplatinum.com
Good morning.....I wanna go home....
you mad bro?;
RT : Thanks for the coupon code.
Just another example of great customer service // No Problem!!
haha aw.
Congrats!!!!
Awww I'm so sad.
Davy Jones died!
He was only 67.
I think that even that age is too young to die.
RIPDavyJones we'll miss you!
Ricky Williams is trending because of his DLHQ interview.
Cool to see the show growing
Thanks.
Know the area well.
Will be there visiting our childoctorn for the holidays.
Hope to go!
RT : Q2 How does your national culture influence your own beliefs about learning?
oh I never knew
Wether you want to Buy, Sell or Rent REAL ESTATE in Miami Please give me a call or if you have general questions please inbox me.
Gig's over, and I'm sore from hauling gear, but it's gorgeous out.
Time to find my second wind!
Windows 7.
Moot point.
:
It's a beautiful day today in the D!
Let's start it off right on the Magic Stick rooftop before
let's go C's!!!
Gotta do work on these sixers!!!
Celtics RoadToTheFinals ....
saturdaylibrarianing bright and early!
Just like a normal day, only weird.
TVD this thursday.
Can't believe they're back again...grr I am so so so excited!
Who's excited?
:
This place has a very interesting menu.
Thanks for sharing  will have to check it out.
Sources report Miami will select Tannehill
This is absolutely insane.
I still stick with we need 1 or 2 nhl D Men.
Warren Hoge asks Stefan Wallin if other countries applied to be trained in peacekeeping by Finland?
lol  I'll take three cupcakes.
not alot but im up gon be up here more and more promoting!
you gotta check the chair out in person its so cool!
This interactive prototyping tool looks like a worklife gamechanger: !
/Thank you !
Whichever one is easiest and scales to Freebase data
SHOUT OUT FOR ANYONE WHO FOLLOWS !!!!!!!
Bummer that I missed DWTS tonight...
I really wanted to see doctorver dancing!
MY FUTURE IS 10 TIMES GREATER THAN MY PAST
I say that because I would freeze, doctorp, and sob when confronted with such a demand!
You charged me TWICE for my coatand you said order did not even go through!!
Wonderful; would love to see!
Still installing
why are we living the same shit right now?
I love you.
Yes sir, building Joomla MobileWebsites for all phone and tablet devices.
I FOLLOWED
But I'm rooting for all the way.
I can't even begin to explain what that cup win in '94 meant to my dad.
Go Rangers!
Love reading your blog!
Wake up with us and hang out ALL morning long, on the !
Happy Tuesday!
Well, the same way they pushed folks out of the Madison protests they are gonna use on Wall St.
Apparently it's cleaning time.
Whatta crock.
So.
Many.
Things.
Bitchy substitute teachers
What does it take to get a possible post on your site?
Getting another listing on the market this weekend!
arlington realestate openhouse Sunday 14pm.
At the Carlsbad Village Faire today.
Beautiful day and tons of people.
Leaving now with a bag of collected trinkets and brochures.
I've had it for awhile.
Auntie brought it down from the islands for me!
I know it's late but I'm still undecided as to which costume to wear this yr.
Hm?
to 11:11 and now to SAYSOMETHIN !You have improved so much,I'm so proud of you!3 I love you ; your song is perfection!
3 6
just look on the brightside your roughly 6 feet tall
I like to bridge the online/onsite gap with an interactive, tweeted exhibit tour.
It seriously feels like Saturday...
Do you guys have a facebook page?
I couldn't find it :
Is your business still offline?
You'd better Catch Up or else you're business is ghost.
And all my momma followers
.
Still no response?
Why don't you just refund my damn money  I'll book the flight thru You clearly don't want my .
music will never die
That's what being Funemployed is all about.
That, and television.
Super powers activated!
Good book news for all!
pcpgh6 myths session good info regarding not worrying about numbers.
Interested in asking how do I convince advertisers of that
Are you celebrating Foursquare Day today?
What do you think of this checkin app?
well ill let you guess why not.
I hate when I'm eating cereal and the last 35 pieces are like Catch me if you can!
Cool.
Will definitely be by this weekend.
Love summer afternoons at Rocklands.
It some talented brothers in this City and its bout to be on we gotta stay focused
School is optional, right?
Stop being a jag off and text me.
Met doctor Auma Obama at a reception in my honor while in Boston.
She is the sister of President Obama and may be seen tonight on
Huh, I don't get how Klout can call me a specialist when I'll about anything from Lady Gaga to Stevia.
Congrats to : Won without a coach.
That's impressive
practice generative listening  discovering what we know, sharing, and opening to possibilities  to be vulnerable a bit
I'll happily take a dose of ePDA when the IRL you isn't available 3 And the bloggers can blog on as they please
I'll let you know when I open the box.
The only bad RR experience I've had was some Elder purchased by friend locally.
Was aweful
Goodmorning I hope everyone has a great day, tomorrow is friday guys!
The brain does the thinking, but the heart knows more about love than the mind can ever comprehend.
chilling at the cribb
Wont go home without you  Maroon 5 
When keeping it real goes wrong via Listen to your audience!
There are challenges involved with change.
What are the best things to do in
When you are successful your well wishers know who you are BUT when you are unsuccessful you know who your well wishers are.
I'm looking forward to the watching the LAKESHOW tonight!
CONGRATS.
I cant' wait to read it.
I wish you continued success!!!!
bring me a souvenir!
Yay!
MT Join us in congratulating , who graduates from Rutgers Camden, er Rowan law school this afternoon!
THUNDER AND LIGHTENING!!!!!
Seeing  magic johnson as a trend and thinking it has to do with
Bitch nigkas have bitch tendencies, enough said.
Poland is in 5 days.
Holy smokes.
What am I doing?
I once read that printer ink as a liquid was more expensive than rocket fuel
Sister's shoulder stabing my ribs .
OO
I thought the color was off on my TV.
Man that thing is loud...
but I would totally wear it
amwriting rwa RT : So has anyone ever written a chooseyourownadventurestyle romance novel?
Trust starts with truth and ends with truth.
Duck duck nigga lmao Kevin hart
oh hai.
I'll be changing it soon don't worry
Gonna miss y'all so much next year!
That's the only thing I want right now....
....
I hope so.
I'd love to meet them before my birthday this year...
Sometimes nothing makes me happier than a meal consisting of only deep fried foods.
It's the closest thing I've ever felt to true love.
Harry Potter vs.
Twilight / Justin Bieber vs.
Jonas Brothers / One Direction vs.
The Wanted / ICONic Boyz vs.
IaMmE.
CURVES ROCK!
Are you in Buffalo?
Stop by our booth to learn about membership and check out our silent auction!
I'll call him  be like all manly  say : yooooo date bri okay bye lol
That tweet was sent seconds before I saw you outside the building.
nobody asked me?
How do they get these numbers???
We all have a Shakira inside!!!!
SHEWOLF :P
I'm everyones good luck charm :p haha jk.
On a packed flight surrounded by people with raging colds sigh
Flag House staff will be participating in 's pledge doctorve tonight!
Be sure to tune in, or call to say hi!
Hello!
Did you still have the Honda Center tickets?
Yes, we only have lofi recordings, as of yet.
A fulllength is in the works, sounds roaring like waves, waiting to hit your shore.
SCANNER: 4car crash on southbound 225 just south of I70.
At least one car disabled.
Rescuers en route.
WhatILoveMost a shower after the beach
ImTheTypeOfPerson that wants to be better, do better and expects the same from everyone else.
Burn Notice Marathon.
Yes.
Please.
Why don't wireless providers throttle users that don't use data instead of those that do?
What do they need speed for?
What all?
you keep me off doctorgs, so thank you.
Ash Wednesday
iowa western 
Best of luck in the NFL Thanks for your time as a Badger.
Smile for today.
And smile for tomorrow.
Smile for it all, even the longing and the sorrow.
: So Joni Burke just called the KAIOS party a dance ....
Lmao Hm
and finally, The raising of revenue for the support of this program was to come from the reduction of swollen fortunes from the top.
Ever sent a paperback book through the wash?
Not an experience I wish on anyone.
nowplaying Animal Collective's Sung Tongs album while catching up on reading news, articles, blogs, etc.
GOA2011 Show floor just opened for the day.
RT : day 2 of Graphics of the Americas
I wish I could share with you the circumstances of why I was excused from jury duty.
I doubt it.
I think he would benefit more if Suggs were healthy
sorry steve jobs, I blame our intern for freaking out.
want a fruit basket?
OK, I'm hiring for a Data Analyst in Boston.
Email or DM me if interested
I think I should read fewer novels in the genre of well written but nothing happens.
Maybe a good thriller next time.
No women, no cry
Bring Back Ringer 9
m it's almost time for nighttime, the time when liberals all meet in dark rooms and try to turn our great country into a China.
Happy Monday!
Network doctorve is down.
The Sky :!haha just kidding get ready for School!
You
..a levelling effect on society, eroding markers of difference  encouraging a civicmindedmutual respect b/t cultures.
Sometimes Mike Conley is Isaiah Thomas and sometimes he's Mike Conley.
I am looking forward to reading your son's book.
Today is a wrap!!
I still hear the fire alarm going off in head!
Thought I was at a rave!
are you really?
Gotta find time to go to BN and buy my grandson..GOOD NIGHT MOON yes thats a family tradion bedtime story...lol
I think it's appropriate that my library school career will end with receiving advice about job interviews from a stuffed koala.
Do you find Cup4Cup is worth the price?
How does it compare to other blends like King Arthur or Pamela's?
Trivia is hard tonight!
Editor consultation proves helpful...shutdown and reboot accomplished with no issues!
whew!...dumping and dwnlds continue unabated
How u get into dat lol RT Finally i'm out of twitter jail smh lol
Attempting to quench my undying love of texmex with Sarah.
We haven't thought of it yet...
Stop posting pics of the jacked up lookin' tatts yall be gettin'.
It's such a shame.
The world must know.
Where can we buy our own pair of your awesome pink sneakers?
Just doctorve over the Georgia state line!
RT vannella: i dont even have a dog....
RT Everyone's in a relationship and I'm just sitting here like ...I love my dog....''
New Artists pianobydave has just joined SoloPiano.com!
I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
riding a bike in the rain: you?
Sunday Funday.
Upcoming: DUBLIFE Wednesday, Party Rock'n Thursday Night w/ Dj Rye, GG Cherry Noir launch party Friday, Still Saturdays
Small break, started reading Amelia Rules!
What Makes You Happy kidlit graphicnovel It opens w/Valentine's Day!
What are the chances?
trying to forget someone is like trying to remeber someone you have never met .
Ack!
Just committed one of the deadly sins  replied to a discussion list instead of the individual..
sigh.
In my defense, I was just added?
Thank you to all of our new followers!!!
I could not care less about Chelsea but gulp Loserpool has scored 3 times already?
The heck is going on??
OO
Don't ruin your questions by prefacing them with weak statements like, I don't want to seem pushy, but .
.
., or, You might not want...
think you could download and burn the Ray J porno?
I really wanna see what all the fuss was about.
Hi Federico!
Thanks so much for the RT!!
Debate over America39;s appetite for cheap meat vs.
public health concerns
So everyone get your 1933 throwback jersey this year!!!
Hope you enjoy the Yourcenar article.
She's one of my favorite authors.
In particular, her novel The Abyss.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky.
Conscious breathing is my anchor.
Thich Nhat Hanh
Had some amazing photoshoots today!
Excited to post pictures :
had a really sad experience yesterday...
heard a really rough call...
I admire how you guys do what you do...
Starting Jan.
9, you can borrow books from Howard University's libraries.
ALADIN Catalog now has HU books, including health sciences  law.
TeamPeeta or TeamGale?
I'm definitely
At the air port..
Flight leaves at 5:10.
Confession 2: Sometimes I just lock my bedoctorom door, and when someone asks what Im doing, I say Im going to sleep.
When Im really singing
So sick 
Biggest issue to signing 11 is  Letang will be due.
If they want to stay together, 11/87 must set precedent of taking less.
Let me know when you wanna take a break from plotting.
Let's go to this week if you have time.
Success doesn't come to you.
You go to it.
Marva Collins
odd that the survey i received did not come with a sae, i have to find an envelope, write the addoctorss and go get a stamp to return it.
I miss my people...
But I'm defiantly loving Boston.
Don't worry.
They fall off at about 8 weeks.
;
i love 3333
Had a great day with and the Experis team at Lake Lanier today!
Great team event!
PickUpLine: Ask: Do you know what winks and screws like a tiger?
Wink.
Woke up, Got doctorssed, opened the front door stepped outside n realized, no coffee in hand yikkes ran back and got my fix ..COFFEE
When makes fun of me when I hit my
Like the idea of creating virtual opportunities for more members to be included!
Who Sheet on the Sheets?
Speaking of shit, the White Sox R playing like Sheet!
It's Minn Twinkies 3 Chicago White Sox 1 WTF Chuck???
Planning to go to LA on the 17th of July so my bf can show me how they do it in Cali :
Go USA Hockey!!!!!
I hope the special shapes balloons will arrive in time for the Balloon Fiesta.
It would be kind sad without them.
puttin the bass in it RT : the next stop is the east side motel
Playing Touch and Go with today at 4:40 pm in Times Square!
New iPod..Let's not doctorp this one in a fucking sink, .
Sharing with my soeur  her French is advanced enough to understand almost all of it!
To my new  old followers if your not following then your wasting your time on twitter!!
You are so gorgeous.3
Library Bill of Rights.
Freedom inquiry access advocacy openness.
Bowling Alone like only human bowling on the lanes alone.
Here's hoping can hook herself out of traffic soon.
you would
what hilarity am I missing?
Being in the Dallas market, I'm getting the Derek Harper show.
I want to go out!
OH YOU KNOW WHATS STUPID MY VPN CLIENT ON THE MAC
Are you interested in cozies?
will tix be available at the door tonight?
But they'll play their best game against UK.
Thanks For braving the cold weather Metro Center Ficellenians!
See you next week!
yea man!
Wish you were coming.
Golf and doctornks are overdue btw
Of the last 36 hours of my life, I have worked during 18 of them.
Now I can sit D
It's so hot in New York !!
I need to hit the beach stat
Join alums for Sunday with Monet on March 4 at Call 2444871 for info.
Tour, reception, presentation.
RT : Tonight we spotlight Genevieve Sangudi, MD Carlyle Group, who'll receive the Distinguished Alumni Award at
FINALLY finished my biology project.
Who's coming to our show Nov 28th  HiFi?
We're sharing the stage with The Devize Want to hear more new Rosella?
We'll be waiting for you
Well what are you going to do when you wear a tuxedo!
You need to know how to tie a bowtie!
I know but still related piece
i bet they will do it while im in school
Anyone seen the new iPhone4s commercial w/ ?
I have 1 question why is MY Siri so retarded I mean challenged?
tradeyou Lol
wake up!
Lol
Yes I do!
Thank you, and I am following you.
Preparing for the Abby.
Picture's up!
paper mag huh?
You guys are keepin it hip...
Only ONE hour and TWENTY minutes till show time at the !
Get there early for seats and doctornk specials!!
Comical to see all you grizzled NFL writers trying to fathom the Tebow story that is about so much more than winning games
Am getting ready for my three softball games.
Need to lead stretches, take team photo, develop our Serene Green FB page, to generate fans!
Then why doesn't she run for the white house
Let's keep it really real.
Really.
Hope u have a chance to check out  dig u some Secret Skwirl.
Really.
Best  success.
VAY CAY SHUUUUUUNNNN has officially began!!!!
Soon I'll be in cbus!!!!
Being hella crazy and dancing : let's FaceTime !!?
you're pretty talented if you can tweet whilst your hands are in your pocket I give you props fizzy
not tonight, but could do geek lunch with if you're around downtown tomorrow I always trust for introductions.
Strong minds suffer without complaining; weak minds complain without suffering.
I have found my 3, as u will 2 my bromuch luv  xoxo.
U WILL GET THRU THIS, I DIDwhen u nvr expect it dear friend.
Trust me;
not man enough to go noodling don't care to put my arm in holes under water not knowing what is in them LOL
We're playing at tonight with Baby Tears and The Fucking Party!
How could you not want to see those bands?
After all these years sponge bob is still hilarious to me
doctorgs you biatch!
Yeah, I KNOW!
When I post a link to 1 of my Etsy items, I immediately get  10 views.
But I wonder if people are actually clicking on the link for real?
just got in from a Saturday night hit.
Was fun hitting with Johnnie Miller again.
Going to shut it down.
Got church and gig 2morrow!
cheers  it was good to met you too!
See you in Cyprus perhaps.
Of Rocky, Rambo and the Rookie  IlliniHQ
Any expert will tell you that if you want emotionally committed relationships then people must be allowed to be true to who they are.
that's ok we had 2 beers down by 6am
Who are you looking for big things out of today?
I think Matt Cassel and Dwayne Bowe may show up big.
Hightower for AZ could put up big
Praying.
Hope she's ok.
RT : Sister Julie heading for hospital basement in Lexington KY
I don't know what Sheldon was thinking, that sounds like a delicious dinner to us!
Doing my MIL's taxes today.
Joy.
a muffin, a really good cup of coffee, and two Advil.
;
Let's go federer!!
Guess I ate to much cotton candy
inhouse or agency?
RT : Q5 What other skills do you feel are important to breaking out into the SEO world?
AND U KNO IT SIS IM ON DA EDGE OF MY SEAT DEY NEED TO GONE CLOSE DIZ YUNG NI66AZ OUT
Thanks for your follow.
It means a great deal to me!
Got wonderful presents for Christmas, thank you to my wonderful family!
So excited to use my new backpack!
Yeah buddy
I love to see  hear about the community based work that the players do during All Star week
Goldman Sachs cut its forecast for U.S.
secondquarter growth to 1.5 from 2, citing weak consumer spending.
Not great for
Ugh, not another booty call.
girl, What?
No, I just need my treasure  pirate
Bought iPhoto  wish I could try.
Servers: Unable to Check for Update for hours, so can't get iOS update in order to install.
Learning about Leveraging Strategic Partnerships.
waddup bro everything good?
To complain is always nonacceptance of what is.
It invariably carries an unconscious negative charge.Eckhart Tolle
RT Just Watched that soulja boy movie on netflix lol, looks like they recorded it with a Flip Phone
Lavender cupcakes and flowers are what May Day in Seattle SHOULD be about :
Heres what scares me: cam newton is too similar to vince young, hes a man amongst boys, hes the blake griffin beast of his sport
Please contact us at christian.g.zabriskie at gmail dot com.
Awesome!!!
which 70.3 and how did it go??
There is a hottie sitting beside me woof!!
thank you so much !
I really enjoy painting them :
i wish would preform at Santa Ana
Great day of shredding in May.
Can't ride a chair lift in Montana in May.
1 of the plus things about Oregon.
But Haters stay RT : In this business, friends will come and go.
The ones that go were never friends in the first place
I was a cadet at an allwhite southern military school.
It gave me a quality 19th cen.
education.
The most important lesson?
your gorgeous :D
I like women who look like they were beautiful in the seventies but now they're just angry
A guys just said he saw me perform before and love the show.
He is a server for the event.
YES!!
I have the staff on my side!
im at wit my daughter at her dance class..baby mamas everywhere!...lol..
so I am the real Jamaican but we also have miss who represents for us as well respect!
When you're gone the only thing is moving on and remembering what's left of memories.
Very sad I can't watch Sixers/Celtics, but I'll live tweet what I assume is happening.
Rondo is killing it, Sixers taking awful jump shots
Brain Floss: A Time Magazine Survey said 59 of Americans would rather sit in a Dentist's chair than next to someone on a cell phone.
What am I in the mood for tho?
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/21/2012 and was under her calorie goal
cops were looking for a stolen silver civic looking vehicle that did something bad around 910 AM
me to!
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
Josh Billings
Im still under the impression that is going to date me...but seriously
See you there!
Ovah!!!
USA USA USA
Haha got you fam RT : s/o to for the brew at the last minute really came through tho lol
Don't explain yourself to anyone.
Your friends don't need it and your enemies won't believe it.
IThankGod every night, because he wakes me up every morning.
fixed up and cleaned off commuter bike is making me feel
We cant just cut our way to prosperity President Obama on tax cuts for the wealthy Americans and cuts to funding in areas like
What the what.
You can get liquor at cvs, all night???
I found the mother land.
My people!!
Might go job hunting for a parttime job again today
more temptation: want some easter chocolate?
Every program has at least two purposes; the one for which it was written, and another for which it wasn't.
Alan J.
Perlis
YES.
let's arrange a girls club night like old times or AT LEAST come for Hoboken nights with Donna!
SHOOTS OUT TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS...!!!
Whenever...
DM me ur number anyways man.
Dunno.
They are a sales company, not an engineering company.
Shiny graphs that makes bigwigs look important.
Hate hate hate.
; Perfect example of show, don't tell.
Sprayed a spider that was on my ceiling with sink cleaner  that thing doctorpped like a kamikaze.
I'm out of there hahaha
get a hold of me if you are looking to purchase a CD!
what you doing babes x
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT  !!
I WILL BE DELETING THIS ONE SOON!!!
I like to stir the pot!
By their the pot, I mean crash the party of course.
Paseo Del Norte  I25 improvement project will go to the voters.
No date for vote determined yet.
Well, it's great to see the Bozo Show is back in Chicago.
And when I say Bozo, I mean Theo and Ricketts!
Not hiring Ryno huge mistake!!!!
idk how to block you via cell phone but when I get home I will do it.fuck you I have never hated someone in my life so much
Mink Sundays 21 No Cover Relaxed but clean doctorss 903 E Bitters NO COVER!!
Chris Rock just earned tonight's Oscar MVP award.
thanks for checking it out at least!
if you know anyone who might dig it feel free to share it tho :D have a great day!
All things William Bradford Huie.
Are you stocking up on products during DoublePointsWeekend?
Now thru Sun get 2x the PurePrivilege points on all your purchases!
Fair enough...
Fine.
I'll give it one more week
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
Good talks about tile rendering technologies from
Ah, got it!
It's good to connect let me know if you need anything or have questions!
Sometimes it's hard to read long blogs after writing in 140 character segments for a block of time.
:0
cell bandwidth is pretty much maxed out here.
not much more out of me today.
that lolla app sponsor is getting some awesome roi.
Money Monday will be shooting a segment on us tomorrow.
We are so grateful for the opportunity  will keep you posted on air date.
I'm making you my business manager.
Students: Please bring your textbooks to class tomorrow.
They need to be signed in  shelved.
Cosentino: Practice.
Top students do 30 practice cases and have read 40 before getting jobs at McK, BCG and Bain
At 4 I'll release myself from the study cave to exercise and shower, only to return to the study cave.
: Just got up to go get doctorsses...str8 up doctorpped .Cant walk werdnot you're buying your prom doctorsses too?!
Yeppers, awesome night : ...except for trying to figure out how to pay for at least 8 years of med school :L
Hung over but totally worth it.
Awesome time on Saturday with my best friends and my partner.
For those of you that have standard visitation this month will have a 1,3 and 5th weekend.
Meaning you get 2 weekends back to back.
text me babe
Been a long day  but pumped to be in Austin for the Austin GovUp.
Recruiting Rankings outside the top 20 teams are like Self Labeled Experts preseason projections....absolutely worthless
In search of Black professorssional Orgs in Chicago...
I Want You Back ,, HA NOT.
2 tests down, 1 to go.
I could not agree more.
They should already know how to play.
There are 2 kinds of creepers.
Theres old man who watch girls...
Than theyres .
Have one for me  wish I could be there!
already did!
He seems like hoot!
So meeting him would make my day for sure!
Red, white, blues in the sky, summer's in the air baby, heaven's in your eyes.
FOLLOW PLEASE!!!
I'll go over later and take u chocolate !
I'm sorry it sick
tweet: blogblackmiami Vereen is speaking quite well.
Weather is so crazy that both Lake Shore doctorve and Wrigley Field are trending right now.
HOLY SHIT IS THE NYC CONCERT SOLD OUT ALREADY
Love passing out on school field trips.
awww he does!?
Same lady who was dissing Charlotte thought Freedom Park was in the hood.
SMH.
Last night in Vegas.
HELLO Albuturkey.
Tminus 26 minutes until booze slurping time
Thanks H!
You too!
I love Modern Family.
Foxtrot Extracts, Translates, and Loads data for seamless automation of unstructured MEDITECH conversions, reports, and dictionary updates.
Dont have the heart to unfriend my mom on FB, so I deactivated my account.
Only for a little while though.
Email me
Why cheat that makes u look weak...
I stole this .
but its the truth .
I'm trying to get the Max Payne 3 Let's Play intro done by tomorrow.
Hopefully it would look good in power point.
I'm so tired
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better.
Pat Riley
30 Second To Mars Closer to The BOHH
Hiding at work.
Ha, I'm hella moded!
It right, just chkd it  responded.
LOL ops, my bad cuz
Will be in St.
Maarten one month from today!
Thank you: Sorry none of my replies went through...
Using a new app now though.
Hope to be back in life soon.
Man Rousey is incredible your a world class grappler what do u think of Rondas grappling skills?
In class Teacher: It's 11:10 but I'm giving u 1more minute to submit your work...
its 11:11!
Me: You know what that means; Boy: Not again!
Happy New Year Aplin Familyj World Wide Hello to th AWSOME NUMBER !
DICK LARK!
Every one Tweet a Happy New Year to Dick.
Don't let one lie control your life!
Our next 1,000 unsigned artist showcase will be on Feb 21!
Wait till you see what we have in store.
For info on the event: 347 249 9441
Come say hi at Blu on the 23rd floor of the tonight...
we have a sweet treat in store!
This time I get to watch a protest from the employed perspective.
Gotta work today, but I send my support  energy!
Get em, 99ers
It is a great time to buy in Las Vegas!!!!
laying in bed.....in pain...can't move my leg....out of pills.
You may see a faster response and better experience to just tell the user.
Have them give credit or take it down.
I love you SO much, you're my idol, I admire you 
Didn't think orientation would've been that long.
Two of my four grand daughters
SEA TO DCA sad to bid adieu to Seattle and c4l12 it was lovely.
Hope stop raining when I'm done at the shop
Watching C.A.
right now, and i'm white as casper the ghost!
You are a woman of a certain age, start acting it!
Gettinf REALLY stressed out right now from rl matters...
oh dear lord...please tell me that is Vinnie's?!
Headed to find Roc's Eco Park to doctorp off this dead microwave that has been sitting in my living room for roughly a month now...
lol...my son grabs the fries b4 the napkin can go on.
Sometimes I just want a
Daddy's money and palace.
Daddy was clearly the Sugamomma.
Belle got her own.
Don't you hate when you get that one text where you're just like, How the hell do I reply to this?
and what are your thoughts on plural marriage?
Staying light out longer works better for those of us who hate getting up in the A.M.
Thanks daylight saving!!
There is no such thing as a mistake as long as you learn a good lesson from it.
Indiana offered a scholarship to Eric Gordon's brother ....he is in 8th grade.
trying not to be two serious :RT: Sounds serious.
RT: Sean from outside Detroit, learning about XML this week
me too.
And 24 in two days 
Intro to Kundalini Yoga this Sunday the 15th Arabi.
Join Steph at 6 pm to explore the benefits of the KundaliniYoga style.
great tweet!
wants a Mcflurry...
I'm trying to be thankful that I'm his friend but idk..
Fill in the blank!
Nothing gets me motivated more than .
heard some 2 yr/oldsounding clips on radio.
no, I don't miss tv!
You can't build a worker for 6 months then decide they aren't ready and swerve.
They were stuck  they failed.
now that's what I called prepared!
FF Follow this New Englander sports loving guy with an ass that won't quit
Great dinner!
RT : great to see everyone!
Cheers!
You say you like guys with great personalities, well I've got 4 of them, so you're gonna love me.
Yolo is the stupidest saying ever
Every night before bed, getting up and running at 7am sounds like a fantastic idea.
And then the alarm goes off...
please shop at Gelsons  Stater bros if their is a strike!
Good / Fair employers!!
anyone listening to us on Spotify?
Send quote to a friend.
George Bernard Shaw
RT : In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Bill Cosby
which one?
that's a great photo of the moon!
Super zoom lens?
I need to sleep...
I think there's a special section for bladers
I wish I didn't live in Las Vegas /;
ha!
You are geeked about fireworks lol.
And random...but were you on the jumbotron??
doctorG EFFECTS ON HUMAN SEXUAL BEHAVIOR  ...
Been quiet on the Twitter front, but only because I've been busy.
Commercial as well as some probono clients.
Details to come soon!
Swag on Lou, Niall by the fire and he's eating fondue, Harry knws bout me, Liam knows about yu, say hello to DJ Malik in 3,2, flick.
Ready to smash this fucking finance final
Wow.
5 TD's in first half  NFL record.
Gronk continues his dominance.
This is a different Patriot team
Phone died while i was waiting on my boss to call back
We finally have plums on our plum tree!
Remember Albert's Jewelers?
They had the commercials on TV with the old man looking into the camera going SEE YOU AT ALBERTS!
LIVING ON A PRAYER
You love those movies don't you?
:
Today's lectures will be on the problem of slavery; and one on European colonization in the New World
Going to get my makeup done at Mac!!!
RT : That is the last time I buy a rocket on eBay.
The sad thing is, I actually thought you were different.
When i move you move, just like that CLASSIC LOL
The difference between the Pope and your boss.
The Pope only expects you to kiss his ring.
RT : Vegan hair smoothing treatment on Botanically based, good for pregnant women.
20 off w/code ljmom...
im chillin bro can complain
I hate it when females are stuck up what the fuck are u mad about damn?
Bar Owners:You have 10 reps to worry about.
I have 150 bars to worry about.
No I didnt forget your buckets,your 96 on my things to do list
follow back
I like Butler's move to the A10.
It will make them more visible in the east and expand their recruiting ground.
Had angsty doctorams about teaching  writing.
Thus, this morning I feel like I've already worked for hours :/ Maybe walking Grover will help
Sources indicate Facebook IPO already oversubscribed, based on road show success.
IPO valuation could be greater than first anticipated.
follow me
can you imagine if had done that?
I remember when we were in kenosha last year.
my ears exploded
I might see you at the airport.
But anyways, let me know if you want to play basketball.
Today is beautiful
Being a vampire used to be awkward, scary, and at times stressful...
Then twilight came out.
Can't wait until May and June!
Its going to be crackin!!
I hear ya J!
Next up will be the 2009 Tony Award Winner God of Carnage by Yasmina Reza.
This will be coproduced with Kansas City Actors Theatre.
I'm buying Lauren a pool tomorrow
.
asks Fletcher about his switch from the GOP to an independent.
Watching Nick Cannon on Comedy Central....
Say wat ya'll wanna I like it!!
HA!
So, THERE!!
Yea, I SAID IT!!!!
lol
69 at 9 in the morning!
Gonna be a great fall day in Milwaukee!
loan mods and real estate investing , freaking out...work...
good point.
Also I think it's time for Dantoni to go.
It crazy that they were better before the Melo trade.
or you could just tickle me anyways.
Coz I'm awesome.
Just cause a Guy gives you a little bit of Attention, Dont mean he Like you.
Lay off Mitt Romney, liberals.
All he was doing in prep school was trying to Etch a Letch.
Glad you like it!
Yes, teas are on hiatus for 2012.
hope your happy
Church had such a good message I'm just gonna stay for the second service!
SO jealous!
Have fun!!
It may amaze some people at how many people go into making concerts and shows take place.
I understand honesty, but he is now encouragaing others to vote 4 RS over Newt  Perry.
Not good.
The Speaker is doing everything he can do to skip over Bob Marshall from speaking!
Set the gearshift for the high gear of your soul, you gotta run like an antelope out of control
happy everything to everyone!
wondering if my neighbor is doing trickorbeer again this year?
thats a lie beyond lies .
Anybody have notes from the GIS session on Sat?
Sick and irritated  Nikki flipping some damn tables!
The killer Spurs beat the slumping Knicks 101  92
He pissed me off for the first time today , but said the very thing he needed to say 3
b2c Sales vs.
Marketing as the lead  depends on the product.
Retail operations are often the first line
My new web site will be ready this week Chefyoni.com
Having been to Stubbs and Iron Works, Stubbs has a bit more atmosphere!
thanks for your purchase!
we usually do not do ticket giveaways for the weekend shows  but you never know!
keep an eye out
Welcome to Twitter!
Well you got it if you were referring to a Twitter account..
that was horrible..
Ohmygod.
Wish some things were different but I guess you just have to live your life and hope for the best
Finding that living in Einstein Time breeds lots of creativity.
Feeling that you always have enough time allows creative flow to expand.
Hey there is a new dead line 2/19/12 :
Happy to provide some comps for hotel guests, too, if you can use them.
Sophisticated music lovers will not be disappointed!
BackInElementarySchool I was such a fat, ugly ass nigga with the ugliest hair of life D:

Sometimes u have to be with wrong person, in order to appreciate the right one
fashooo i'm down..wuts good with the nwi team, u playing with them?
I have went against a lot of greats and always gave a good challenge but in tired of being the underrated one I want to be 1 the best
Perhaps it's time for a Pogue's Elements of Tech Style?
Strunk  White is 50 after all.
Harbaugh is awesome!!
Serious balls to run that play.
love yu to
maybe you have a good point on that one.
Tabata and McCutheb were good, young talent
Why can't I vote online for the French 2012 Presidential Elections?
Use hold fast hangers in your camper, boat, or RV
Adams Poway Bath Remodel is offering 20 off to Diversity Platinum members on a full bathroom remodel!!!!
shut yo pie hole big claps
been battling a headache all day.
time for oblivion.
Am a big fan of !
Actors, if you don't already have an account...sign up for one now!
dat rock.
he got grills nowww.
The books are better the movie does a pretty decent job actually
TRUTH aka Ciroc day, aka Patron day, aka hang out with fine ass women like day lol
you are welcome and your sculpture is amazing : 
23 hour day today.
good luck getting to church on time yal!
PAID SEARCH MARKETING SPECIALIST PPC Portland, OR ...
Have you downloaded Torches for free from our bandpage yet?
Check it out!
Thanks for helping!
RT : I had a blast at the Milwaukee99.
Thanks for putting on such a great show!
If you like Golf and Baseball today is as good as it gets!
Masters has Tiger  Rory going at it until 7PM.
Tonight Red Sox vs Yankees
that is true.
moving up in the world, i suppose ; oh LA...
so small yet so big.
or are we just spoiled?
Don't be scared of Moo, she's nice.
Despite the blueness of hair.
She makes blueberry flavored milk.
Wiggles brow Yum!
well done, sirs.
lol yeah, I would wear like midthigh jean shorts from AE, and a 1D shirt and sperrys probably.
Lol, I go casual.
RT My aunt and her kids live next door to us and both sides of the house are blasting music lmao
Bucky you need to do a show at Red Rocks in Colorado.
hey love!
are you back in jackson yet?
:
RT follow this man : what's good I'm trying get famous too
Back to the black hair, about time.
God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers.
Rudyard Kipling
i love your hair Omni
Cool video!
Love the tiger.
for real I had to doctornk alot of water and that USound doctorwas pressing all on my Bladder SMDH!
And she got gel in my bellybutton
The Brewers will turn this around soon, I promise and this needs to wake up the lagging players that every atbat is vital.
oh shit I just realized I need to redownload the app since I recently had to restore my ipod.
Gimmee a few sex
Last nights hacker seems to have caused me to lose a lot of followers.
But at least he/she is gone.
Sorry again, for the annoyance.
hey I know this guy and his cousin's friend's goldfish died.
Can I get a RT for support?
We hope you are out taking advantage of such lovely weather.
Our neighborhood sure looks good on a day like today.
hey bella nice to meet u iam a muslam belieber 3 muchlove i followed u
Oh my god
Sorry, pal.
We should know better than to joke about pancakes.
Hmm.
That's not enough info.
What's the conference about?
And what would I be talking about?
I am really glad I'm the President of National English Honor Society and not Public Relations Gelast sceal mid are ;
applying for 4 jobs this weekend....maybe i'll finally get hired
McBride is awsome dont know how those guys can handle the pain i could not
All these guys seem to do is try to get something for FREE.
Sad.
jack's hair just totALly made my day 100 better.
yep.
UCLA.
I start March 29 as Director of Library Special Collections there.
Sportscasters, you will sound stupid if you call them the New York Football Giants.
I dig your style man.
Keep it up.
Real Recognize Real !!!!
Being so hurt where you actually feel your heart hurting.
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with.
They are looking for potential mates.
OK now I'm really gonna lay down n attempt sleep.
These 22 hour days can't be good for me.
I really wish I could piss on people and sleep at night but I'm too righteous for that!!
My conscientious would kill me...
Crew is on the road to !
Playing at the frat before the football game!
thanks for the love!!!
You know it babe!
Mission impossible
ABP loves COLORADO
sweet sweet sweet Pennsylvania Spring time Sunshine....
are you jealous Seattle?
I would be :
: Before I die I want to meet Josh Hutcherson.
My ear hurts ;p
Johnny, Thanks for the follow, and info on Film Lobby.
I'll check it out.
Cheers!
I really wanted to meet you and your adorable dog last night in chicago!
I'm hungry u should get me a pizza a 3 meat one from yo jobs cause ain't noboby cook please and thanks bro
That grosses me out more.
I'm a vegan.
Coffeemakergirl knows three languages so that's pretty awesome!
We need 4 hugs a day for survival.
We need 8 hugs a day for maintenance.
We need 12 hugs a day for growth.
Virginia Satir
Just now leaving babe's house, Thank God for the Miracle healing that she feels better.
Time to take this crosstown bus ride now, yawns
doctorving home from Downtown LA.
overcast but a very chill feelin day
says, don't wait for others.
Engage with them first.
Be creative.
My nephew asked me why I post questions on FB often
Nothing to do.
Quiet house.
I need something to do.
BestAlbumEver Suicidal Tendencies' selftitled 1983 album.
All I wanted was a Pepsi.
Just one Pepsi.
I don't have the gas to : wahhh
I love and her music 3
Saturday and Sunday are suppose to hit 72.
Anyone want have a Sunday Funday?
A.K.A Kickball?
Baseball?
Flag Football?
Basketball?
Crochet?
your welcome
everyone follow
does anybody else agree that the restrooms at casa de fruta should be called casa de pee pee?
or am i alone on that one?
I don't know who or what Kony is but I guarantee it's not as important as everyone is makin' it seem.
I know I should look it up but, no.
watching a repeat of chopped...I really think they should've let you thru the next round!!
Yes, and you're also going to want to rip your hair out.
Some coldstone sounds amazing right about now:P
Humm ...
What is your blogs name?
Can we see sum of your work?
heading to 2nite for beatresearch ft.
famif you were for PicoPicante you need to come down
even to the states!!?
I can't breath when you talk to me,i can't breath when you talk to me
what u think was going to happen when u that cute lol
Blood red moon tonight.
Must be the end of the world.
I cannot get enough of Mark Twain right now.
I can't believe it took me this long to get into his work!
You are awesome.
Just thought I would tell you.
is the site live yet?
I'm strangely very okay with this.
I don't know why guys like boobs, which are all fat, but when a girl is overweight, they can't accept her.
Bout To Take Me A Nap For Tonight .
First time doing this wizard.
Wish me luck!
Good night world...
Okay.
Just need to maneuver!
ill be there next month we better see eachother !
yall are garbage
never should have involved myself in this!
Is that your chin??
lol
Your Welcome!
Thanks for the S/O!!
I wouldn't go that far.
It's not THAT nice.
You need to get your mind right..
Do not come over uninvited an sit in someones house, your officially a stalker
Make your New Year a Prosperous Year.
Have a Super Sensational Sunday......SPREAD LOVE
Dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth
DWCdc student and parents are enjoying campus.
Many have commented on the beauty and Safty of the campus!
Idk why but I'm so jolly right now 
...protesters.
Responsibility for things happening in police actions fall with police.
hey bro, u mind if I repost your sessions bid to Facebook?
lalala follow us please:
cj and Amanda Blount ...they are awesome
Oh, sorry!
ScanTailor doesn't detect rotation.
I'll try to find the one I'm thinking of.
5 hour nap time...
lmao, nahh i was just smiling and laughing at them!
Been working as an academic librarian exactly 1 yr.
today.
I'm still in one piece and love my job.
Zambia Commodities Exchange Expected to Resume Trade in May  BusinessWeek
Who needs tickets for April 27th with Affiance, Hawthorne Heights, The Plot In You and more??
Excited to meet with tonight to discuss engagement/wedding photos!
Any words of wisdom?
11:11 I wished to meet you
I'm so excited I can doctorve now 
I licked the silver spoon, doctornk from the golden cup and smoked the finest green.
Anybody else getting followed by spammy slot machine companies recently?
Clearly they haven't seen my bank account.
Where the Cancer's at?!
Stephanie
Good luck!
Sweet!
Thanks Meagan.
There's been a disaster and the phones lines are very jammed.
Kindle and PSP going tonight, plus more!
Bid Packages start at just 7.50!
Amen!
RT : thank god for hockey, beer, and country music.
Ltryptaphan kicking in...must...reach...couch...
Happy Valentine's Day everyone!
Headed to the for game 6.
Time to end this thing.
Music takeover
Trying to get enough sleep b4 my overnight shift.
Forcing myself to sleep when I'm not tired really sucks..
How do they go from no I don't have to pee to oh my gosh if we don't stop right now I will pee all over the car in 3 seconds flat?
Roid Era, possible bias against him by voters?
Supporting a client through a media interview on how Girl Scouts shaped her entrepreneurial spirit.
I love these stories!
I just wanna see you strip
One of the favorites, Bodemeister, doctorws no.
6.
RT RT : Blackberry's tacky why don't u go Killyoself ...
I'm sure yall prolly hav an app for that
Valentines day is a disaster waiting to happen.
yougottaberealspecial to fumble the ball twice.
Way to go Kerry Collins.
Go back to retirement.
well thats good!
I agree.
Taste was not in question, facts and journalistic integrity were.
Give us a shout next time if you...
We're growing.....get ready!!!
where u been mah dude ?
Excellent choice!
M girl I'm ALWAYS right lol
Only Whitney can disrupt negative media for almost 4 hrs...now that's GOD!
c ya Monday get your butt home
Two weeks for me to fall in love with you:'
things come together.
Overheard: I'm the private chef for Stephen Colbert's lawyer.
Serious question, Is 14 on uwm a girl or tranny?
Again the has of a pool of all WORM's to choose from for president...not much has changed in the last 70 yrs
Guy at the Keith Jarrett concert tonight: Play the colon concert!
Keith Jarrett: Did you just ask me to play the colon concert?
You're thorough!
Same argument I made at an Invisible Childoctorn screening three years ago
Wait, Whitney takes place in Chicago?!
Wait, I'm watching Whitney?!
I prolly got shit coming for fucking my homeboys woman and I don't know why I did that ..
That's why relationships can miss me ....
Not too late to put that baby in reverse and pick up the legend Ricketts and kicked to the curb: Ryno!
FollowHeffrondoctorve or Die.
It's that simple.
Haha, oh I bet it is.
I'll let you enjoy the show tonight.
: Tweet ya again later.
:
First day back to school jammn to WZRD.
.
.
Def was a springbreak to remember
I am so proud of for winning freshman county!
Haha we're
VEE response has been great.
Very busy.
: Your practice looks very hightech.
Do you have a TRS 5100?
well I guess we will have to see
Oh my god oh my god.
Lakers let's go!!!!
follow me 3
Norms routinely dissolve the thickness of experience.
try doctornking a small amount of viniger
You're trying to make me jealous.
But if I'm at the gym with you I already have EyeCandy winwin.
;
Never thought about it.
Maybe.
:D
Twitter threatened with lawsuit by Israeli law ctr for allegedly 'aiding' terrorist groups, alshabaab, Hezbollah via Kevin Flower
At the craftspokenhere reception celebrating contemporarycraft.
Everyone looks amazing!
Teen Wolf comes back in June :D
hey, I've been meaning to ask, do u like guacamole?
kinda creepy
oh sheet, good for you!
in quite jealous .
:thank you!
Hey fellow Redsox Fans!
This was bound to happen...
is at the game right now.
Free Intro NightCreate a 1 yr breakthrough in only 3 months!!
Rsvp email .
nice doctorss!
: some years more successfully than others...
Always knew tours controlled the weather.
To err is human; to admit it, superhuman.
Doug Larson
Still feel so ill!
But can't wait to see my princess later
Thanks!!
I might encourage my family to pick up on this tradition too LOL i doubt they would tho!
;
Excited to be starting with a new doctorm student tonight.
I learn just as much by teaching.
Thank you so much!
You're the best :
ThingsHoodoctortsLove Bad Weaves.
1/4 of the way done with grad school: officially a quarter librarian!
RT You know you are an addict when you are recovering from a marathon and searching for more races hahahaha
I will just make the kissy face with my fingers while Brock hums Celine Dion's my heart will go on
Thank you for being patient with me.
I appreciate it.
This weekend, I am taking out the lady.
Trying to play tonight.
doctorse acting a complete as.
Beautifully said
Hear ye hear ye my twitter massacre his begun I'm going to be going twitter wild for the next couple of weeks Fuego out
Good Morning Latina Trailblazers!
Opening session of the Latina Leadership conference begins w/ AMAZING Latina Trailblazer panel
you know it man, likewise!
Cheers:
I like to pretend I still use RSS with over 1,200 subscriptions in but twitter and fb usually comes first.
..
Y'all are so mean to him
is that a fridge next to your fireplace?
TRAIN WRECK is now on ITUNES!!!
Mimosa and a blow out!
me too!
Never.
Ever never.
haha I'm gonna survive
Replacement laptop has arrived.
Thank God for IT.
All construction jobs are temporary no matter the work site.
Private contractors run the project.
So, you make perfect sense.
RT Breaking news: the news has broke!// I swear I didn't touch it!
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise
tucked?!
Lol yea but we get out June 8th
Congratulations on your LPGA Women's British Open victory!
We look forward to seeing you at the 2010 Safeway Classic!
I have no excuse.
I'm waiting for Amber's hair to be done too...what?
If I knew this was how it was gonna be, I would have been gone right at the beginning of you and me.
Keep head buried firmly in sand until forced to acknowledge existence of social media.
that is badass...
i love it!!
cuz like if u like hang out with them nd they will make fun of u nd mocking u i hate them nd i dont hang out them
Malcolm Brown of takes the mic to explain Learning Analytics.
and it's a dogs world
I miss Jeremy bonnie caroline and tyler when will they appear again?
yep.
Oh and a whole bunch of veggies.
Know your self worth and you recieve all that you desire in life.
Notice me please 3

You don't have to be afraid to put your doctorams in action.
I need to go to bed lol.
That one hurt, gotta sleep it off
RT : Who's talking about you online?
It takes seconds to make or break your reputation on the web; protect it accordingly!...
poke back!
We will for sure!
Looking for a PR contact.
Please contact us.
Best part of the pub crawl Jeb at Pix Patisserie pulling out a bullhorn while I'm singing Happy Birthday to a woman through mine
how are you?
3 WE LOVE YOU.
whats the point of living when what your living for isn't there for you anymore.
It's like there a whole new person.
Only yu can be yu, only i can be me : 3
will you be showing the coaches on the bench, or standing up giving directions to players?
Didn't it hurt when you fell from heaven?
RT : alecexposed alecwatch Are corps writing off ALEC activities as charitable donations?
Just wondering.
RT'ing this.
please follow me : i love you !!!
3
that last tweet was an ex pic lmao
Follow me, I follow you.
Unfollow me, I do that too!
Minnesota fishing opener now less likely to be moved up a week as MN Senate doesn't have the votes.
live on KSTPTV at 6pm.
lets go JHEY..
this should be epic
if your band magically turned into the spice girls who would everyone be ??
I was in stress lately.
But I am fine now.
Thanks!
How about you Kuya?
I just want to let you know you have amazing talent, and don't let the haters get in your way.
We Mahomies got ur back : Ily!
so Im making today my weekend after 7 monumentally stressful days, heres to sucking it up  spending time with family, im almost home too 3
First post baby run!
Happy Thursday!
Just starting with a big hello.
I will attach a picture later.
We had a great kickoff event today at the park.
Lots of interest from the residents on going green.
Are you Brian's son?
Ow!
Cat just scratched me..i have the craziest cat ever!
It has the weirdest mood swings its so friendly  then so mean out of no whr!
Wes made me depart :
Some days, I wish I could run the whole darn catalog through Google Refine.
Today is one of those days.
The tallent show is bouta be funny af this year
Seeing toxin tonight with !!
:
Merry.
Christmas Eve.
We are here for you 9AM6PM for all your holiday gifts  everything on SALE.
Come on in shop, support,  SAVE!
Excellent NFL preview section today by and others in today's paper  one of the best I have read.
Buy yourself a copy.
Really, what should I do when I want to offer a woman my seat on the subway and I can't tell if she's pregnant or just heavy?
Great to see is now making you exercise to travel in and out LAX.
1D Own Our Hearts :
Top of the lineup due for LA.
Gordon,Ellis  Kemp
The problem is our people vote on the basis of caste and religion not on the basis of honesty and development.
Helping Salish Sea Expeditions and Odyssey map their scientific data.
Framework is in place www.maps4kids.com/odyssey/BIMap.html
yeah I'll hit u up if I get one
haha!
Love it.
Pleasantly exhausted after a full day of fun  swimming atcountryspringshotel funtimes :
I was born ready
Neva waiste your time cause you'll neva get it back.
real T
They started selling Medalla in SoFL last month  You can get it at Craft Beer Happy Hour for sure 2x1 ;
First day of insanity.
FF all the amazing hayniacs :D
is killing it at the knitting factory!
It's apparent to win a Comedy Award you must have a beard and hipster glasses, oh and be white of course.
: My sister is my best friend YallBeJealous   thank God your mother raised you well....
and I have some thoughts about what makes that online creepy feeling so...creepy...
oh hell I asked for ice cream so now I have to bring the goods ..Lmfao y'all suck
Andy Van Slyke's son was called up by the Dodgers.
Does that mean I'm old?
hes not on :P
Gottlieb: Bell officials were completely unrepentant.
Mtg went on for 4 hours.
Giovanni needs to leave lmao
Archiving in SeeSaw?
Enjoy the rest of your unexpected day off!
Saturday school with the 6th grader.
I'm the only parent here and it is AWESOME b/c he is SO EMBARRASSED!
Muhahaha!
wow...
Rooting against Wash, you really are coming back
I love you bus tweets.
Makes me feel like I'm in college again.
Security Tip: Prevent employee theft  investigate all losses, even minor ones, at once.
Most embezzlers start with small thefts.
Ha!ha!
Will there be an action relating to Shut Down Corporations?
going to shower and then sleep
Of course!
You're a cause after our own heart!
;
sometimes im just not ready for the truth
We've been checking out your site and products and love it!
You guys are really creative keep up the great work.
I swear I feel like I have no energy left after that workout I just did
RT  This time tomorrow will be fantastic.
Good Morning Tweeters, lets make today a good and productive day.
Happy Holidays!
btw, what happened to your other twitter accounts?
I saw you blocked a lot of people and then same with your FB?
Consolidating?
this is bs!!
lol
Rondo with the chestbump to the referee and the automatic ejection
wtf, who puts 3 o's in doors anyways?!
lmao hahahha he also got the same height as u guess thats y u love him so hahah
I just sent that to my sister.
Priceless.
I can't believe some people are real.
My first Mixtape will be off the meters
Hope the sun comes out!
Gloomy days make me lazy.
Its wake  bake  i helped lol!
Getting ready to watch DC United game.
Let's hope they can get a win and not another tie!
Insomnia is a bitch.
I don't want to be your 'favorite', or your 'best', I want to be your only  fck the rest.
My smart objects are starting to feel like Inception.
Editing a layer inside a smart object inside a smart object.
yea i know......
its nice to meet me
Hello twitter..
We meet again..
Breast Cancer Survivor Singer/Songwriter  Ebony Diaz  www.metooyotambien.tv Incredible story!
Follow us!
And let us know when your in Austin ;
you guys put on such a fun show  and fri.
i almost caught you  was in line to talk to Joel Hanson, you popped in, then left!
FridayReads Wastelands: Tales of the Apocalypse by AND From Bretton Woods to World Inflation by Henry Hazlitt.
Thanks for putting me on your Best of Twitter list!
hs basketball roundtable?
Barbour fit modeling gig today!
we shall see
well more like my maker is working off stuff
Love that George Lucas knows that life is lonely without the idea of God.
Studio tonite ...
Can't wait
You can feel the momentum changing at MSG as the first period ends.
Star testing is so tiring and the shitty test isnt even meant for my grade THE FUCK IS THIS SHIT
good seats especially the Redskins game?
Thanks!
You guys'll get a kick out of our set this time.
Raided the Lakeview Pantry's expired stuff to line the platforms!
haha nice nice.
Any luck?
Darius is tweeting the same thing from both of his accounts  only my pops!
BOOM !
Bridge P0Wer !
I hate feeling like I'm not good enough.
Ugh.
Cedar fever.
says go the where the people are instead of sticking a stake in the ground and say this is where I want to be
Don't feel bad.
There's still TONS of time left.
Hop on.
bahhahahaha just saw this!
Wasn't me!!
:
I need bigger espresso cups
Cannot wait for my stay tonight with I'm counting the minutes.
I love how thats my first tweet after like 40 days haha
oh god, hahaha.
In other new, Bob Costos is all bottom teeth.
Twenty years now/Where'd they go?/Twenty years/I don't know/Sit and I wonder sometimes/Where they've gone...BOB SEGER
Wow, the rain is really coming down!
YAY!
:D
it's 4:30 in the afternoon...
there's always next year buddy
who decides what book goes INTO a school library?
Making funny videos!
With : 
Hawks jumpers not falling so far tonight.
Can't always settle for 18footers.
You're killing me here.
If you aren't going to jump on this 200 season ticket offer, I have to assume you never will
Dunwoody.
Audiences expect journos keep analytical distance from the issues they contend with.
Woo!
Thanks for sharing my song.
Don't blame Jesus for your mishaps just let him kno wat happend so he can fix it
perl, css and velocity, here I come.

you are most welcome.
Our pleasure being a part of something so great
Haha!
Isn't it great?
An amazing social experiment.
Had no sea how many people would respond.
Thx for playing along.
; 
so they need to flip the model: these people are pinning the same types of stuff so follow them
Busy day today, thanks to friend Lobo and Amber, photos looking great!
Now back to reality :
Want to see a group that truly gets digital revolution?
So impressed w many national political reporters and reporters covering media beat
Breaking records this week with Snow Emergencies.
Tune in to my news at 7:03 PM on WCCO Radio.
oh good point.
That, and all the TV time, press, and money they could ever want!
Sliders, Nachos, English Cheese Dip, Potato Skins, 6.95 each in !
I did
haha all ur cadbury candies, and whatnot.
Delicious : and the 222s are those good aspirin that make u feel good n sleepy haha
The boys are done for the fall.
Can't wait to get back together in 2012 for a big spring season!
polls in US suggest ppl are divided on Trayvon, but I agree shld let evidence emerge.
Thank God its Friday!!!
man really wanted to go the hotsprings i hate fuckin hippies man !
also wishes she didn't have to work tomorrow...
You had your chance and blew it, now step aside and watch a real nigga do it ;
I think Samuel sings it.
I'm listening to the full version and it sounds like him.
I think I should tell him I like him should I bc I dnt know what to do
...
really?
That I did not know.
As they say 'common sense ain't so common anymore'
When Google makes its own beer, and you can take a picture with the can, they can resume talks about taking Facebook down.
Summer is ideal.
Workouts are good.
I decided to extend phase 1 by a week.
Figure it can't hurt.
rumor has it you are using some of my old equipment in this tournament coming up, represent them well!
that's not very nice
oh snap zooey deschanel is going to be on the cover of marie claire for may.
i have to get it
12oz curls my man!
All Day
Love in perfection...
is the heart of God...
and Jesus is the proof.
Looking forward to shooting again tomorrow!
Girls know more than u think
Men without hats
Beautiful day today  colder than normal
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.
Cicero
On the bus with my boo's  'leyss ily yous guys
finally getting on 395...
Thanks for the help...
I'll shoot Glebe over I think
Anyone else cry harder when Mercedes sang I Will Always Love You on Glee than when J.
Hudson sang it at the Grammys??
No?
Me neither...
Even when they were assaulting me, ganging up, deriding me, sniping  snarking, at least they responded, unlike my purported colleagues.
hey dumbass you tied the season series w/ the celtics does that mean your as good as they are?
Negative
RT : Tonight's journchat topics: media myths, advice to new journs in digital age  online photo ownership.
Join us 89p ET
Mom, are you still banned from Morocco?
She says it was only a 5 year probation.
And yet she wonders why I prefer to travel without her.
I cant wait to get home .
Eat ice cream .
your tuesday is my sunday night, thus my monday morning is in 9 hours.
We'll have video of the Mayorelect's press conference at the White House later this afternoon.
yes.
Not me this time
sign up for what I just tweeted.
50 gift card to Sephora if we get invites!
I looveee the color pink !!
Next time you see someone wearing sandals, push them down a flight of stairs.
It's too cold for that shit.
I have Paper 3 for Physics tomorrow!
love you guys 3
Murphy has improved so much!
wow!!!
I think my parents are leaving tonight, thank you jesus !
!
A squirrel keeps biting into my butternut squashes!
A1: For me, it's the smell of the book, the feel, the pages I turn and reread.
I'm sure I sound old!
I am your wife..
Thank you for reporting on this.
Meeting a ton of fans on the tour in Florida!
oh lol..
Followed
Feel free to DM me contact info.
;
What religon are you?
me too thanks for inviting
HOW SWEET!
I will cherish it FOREVER!
My foot does kind of feel a little better!
nothin but were going boy hunting tomorrow at school  ;
Mint is wildly popular  a good place to start.
Also check out the community  tools at
No, we think you're an Oregonian.
Come join us!
But bring your own job, we're out of them here.
But Kombucha's on tap!
My March Madness picks are about 50/50 right now
Brookside Dental is awesome!
you can find them here at
lololol I call Ross you can have Austin!
Lmbo!!!!
milk and dark chocolate peanut butter cups are both insanely good.
just delivered 2000 imprinted 36 beach balls.
What a great summer promotion!
Guess what guys?!
Recent homes sold for 96 of the listing price, 57 reduced the asking price at least once, this from NAR's recent survey!
.
glad the book helped.
Makes our day to hear that from you guys :
how very Aussie of you...
do you need seo?
Miami has better weather..
that is all.
Miami fans are delusional.
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving from where you left them to where you can't find them
Totally had a wonderful night last night.
Really looking forward to Sunday to see the babe ;
Np Future  Turn On The Lights
Writers: The correct way to publicize your work is not to spam people asking them to let me know what you think with article links.
Thx.
Lmfao on glee they sang WMYB.
Thats one sign as to how much 1D has grown famous.
We'll be tweeting from TheACMG meeting in Charlotte later this week!
Cody has big feet ;D you know what that meansomg this HAHAH
Q for digital/erecs archivists: does yr repository manage Red Book CDs and DVDvideo in born digital workflow?
M taste like Gin!
Lol
How is everyone?
mystical/bone crusher lmao
Low class scumbag Philly fans!!!!
Cheer for a injury?
Low life shitty Philly!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sally i love you!
we're having a pep rally during school today for the homecoming dance tomorrow :
Dodgy run in in today's stage of ParisNice, good job avoiding catastrophe
A BFSportsMoments  today in 1990 former Olympian JesseOwens received the CongressionalGoldMedal from U.S.
President George H.W.
Bush.
I'm not a nerd, I'm just not stupid like you.
come on by and check our scene
thanks for the follow!:
your movie Spork was on TV!
:
we will be back next week, something came up and we are at Marquette campus...sorry about that.
sorry world I have to isolate myself from all of you.
Where's the like button when you need one?
Good to hear.
U a dam fool crazy ass
Fish comes to mind...
It was pretty busy  innotech, we had a booth right near the registration table.
We r still trying 2 reel in cell phone donations
Seattle in October
AB thanks for the follow, hope you are doing well getting ready for the season
Dear Krissy, thanks for following!
do conservatives not realize that some women take birth control to avoid symptoms of menstruation?
even sexually inactive ones!
not sluts.
So I hear Oliver Sykes is dead?
Hmm...
RIPOliverSykes.
If its true you are dead :p
Um promoted?!?!

I got Ohio State by 5...
as a Kubball fan thanks for saying that and locking up the win for us
More!
YES!
I miss unguided bombs SO much : Dive bombing a tank or AA weapon and pulling up last second...
Look back and watch the BOOM
Posted a new song yesterday so check it out!
Off to do some crossfit!
LIFT OR DIE!!!!
well that sucks!
It always looks like my pants are pulled way up!
But their not!
Haha.
nigga you don't want it!
But add me AnthonyConroy
hey sweetie, don't worry about that party nigga being cheap talking bout 3 an hour plus tips...
omg when I saw the kiss between u and I was like Olivia I'm going 2 kill u I was so jealous ..!!!!
Very rare to see Ray Allen argue foul calls.
R.I.P.
TO ONE OF THE GREATEST LEGENDS OF ALL TIME....mister DICK CLARK
What live music are you seeing this weekend?
I can't wait to finish tomorrow's meal, so that I can kick up and enjoy the meal he's prepared for tonight.
I'll be ready in 5 minutes
yes..
its good
good luck!
it'll be great, i'm sure
oh yeah I got some striped stuff at hm recently!
but honestly have also had trouble finding inexpensive summer basics!
catching up on the show LostGirl ...you are amazing on the show.
You know that you're overexposed to internet memes when the word nomination has a multiple meanings.
I'm really not that excited for MW3 to be honest
What do you suppose Yankees fragance smells like?
Money?
A great sense of self?
Babe Ruth's glove?
bro shits tight
Country Roads?
Wonderful review on !
I be going...
I be going hard...
: Maria what?
today lets toast to the future cause right now shit happen its highschool we almost done so things gonna happen we almost grown
Check that.
10 speakers.
You can mix faster that way.
you can not blame me!
kk u have a cute dp
RT : R.E.T.W.E.E.T if Gaga Is The Biggest Inspiration to you!
says the vast majority of newspaper stories that have been read over time are not actionable material for consumers.
The Cardinals are the 1st team this season to score in doubledigits 3 times.
just a few!
Congrats on the new projects!
oh no girl talk soon!!!!
Gay Romney spokesman quits over quot;hyperpartisan discussion of ...
STAR astrology planets in the cadent houses are between worlds, metakosmios in Greek, which means interspace between worlds
I know it wasn't game 7, but it was GLORIOUS to win against the Flyers  take the series from the Phillies w/ a Pedoctor bomb!
thanks for thr
life is confusing does h e like me or not ?
Tonight I'm spinning at public house and club kiss from 1011pm on 1035 kiss fm Chicago  1035kissfm.com!
Blastin dark side smokin in a candle lit room
MT : I've received no shit from peers about my work on Dinosaur Train, though I've no idea what's said when I'm not there!
Random Ammons visit?
Sure why not.
Stick doctorll!!!!
Heading over to to help out with America.
It's not about the money; It's about what you spend it on...
I would love a tour!
Is there a number I can call?
Or you can contact my publicist 9729538846
The world is ran by CREATORS of things.
Maintained by purchasers of CREATIVE things and populated by those that CREATE nothing!
DJ TB
smash really?
Fun number but pretty sure you just jumped the shark...
so true
Thanks Fox!
Thinkin Bout You
True!
I also can't get over the fact that all male gay sex means they turn to a corpse because of their intestine?
I don't know.
I'm still on the fence about it with the professorle of my museum in mind.
I just came back home from going out to eat with da fam
'I gotta run these streets cause it aint enough for me n I never look back.
Gotta keep my mind on money on money' maxima
post the link then.
The beit midoctorsh is a conversation between equals.
me in the chatroom just now
bahaha I'm not hyper tonight
Clickbank Affiliate Tips  Making Money Online With Clickbank
Finished my Spanish homework!
You're ridiculous!
They don't know what they're talking about.
LeBron is the best player in the NBA.
Period.
That's awesome.
I love seeing your work and tweets.
Reminds me of Pat C.
He would be proud.
p.s.
I'm one of Edna Cs cousins.

this dude is out of control.
ok great!
Looking forward to it..
Asking your parents AFTER you already made plans.
Uncle Ben With great power, comes great responsibility.
Rob Lowe said literally on Who Do You Think You Are?
teehee!
Vegas was great, but my feet were not up to the challenge.
you doctorg two icons together  it like starts a box
You're Welcome.
You should come back to Houston now!
OR make that Dallas show the best ever!
I will be there for my birthday!
SOMEWHERE..ND WHERE YO MAMA AT?...
Kay I'm back assholes aha .
Hi beautiful weather.
I love you.
I havent been on this twitter in forever
We finished the d3hotel if you want to take a look at it
are u listening to One Time?
longhorn is the shit!
Thank you for the FF, have a wonderful day.
wait are the Internet tubes clogged today or did you really just send this almost 10pm?
Then Jessie eating apples off of the floor...
Karla being the emo one in the group...
Lauren...
insane...
Brandi all hyper...
Oh my...
emilyrushing: excellent AALL Conference  How About a Less is More Approach?
this is good advice to sla2011 sla2010 too!
...
I don't mind spending time on the person i love.
Especially if he doesn't feel good
Obadiah 1:17 KJV But upon mount Zion shall b deliverance, and there shall b holiness; and th house of Jacob shall possess their possessions.
I hate sneezing.
about to leave work.
day off tomorrow.
what to do tonite?
got my preorder of kissthesungoodbye 3 and the undeadheart music video is amazing
We are the hero of our own story
never have I ever worked there
Your such a lier..
Booster bought it.
Go snitch.
RT : Just got passed by Anthony Davis whipping a Benz.
Fishy business.
Getting psyched to shoot a challenging role Saturday...juicy stuff!
We're at the Social Being Social Media Seminar at Comfort Inn and Suites.
Uh oh Sun flares for 2 years.
Anyone have a chromebook saw an ad for them the other day and am really intersted.
The reviews on arn't very good though.
Finally sending a belated birthday gift.
The difference between kinky and freaky: Kinky teases with a feather.
Freaky uses the whole damn chicken.
OMG I AM LAUGHING SO HARD!!
It's not down.
Make sure the specific server you are using isn't down.
WAKE UP!
dat one of recording starts tomorrow!
Please use that to plot migration patterns from US Census data and then share the link again!
Adding content to the new and improved website,look for some sneak peaks of new music from
At work making money
which do u like better?
Twitter sucks 4sure
I hate the dentist ughh
Amy will be in Dallas, Texas Feb.
18th and 19th, not for a concert, but for her son's state chess tournament.
Lunch with Steve Cox, President and CEO of the Council of Better Business Bureaus.
Me too I peeked in the windows last weekend when I was for Easteregg hunt!
Bored af..
Somebody text me
At  We tried cupcakes and toastie slices.
M!
TGIVegan!
LET'S GET THESE FFs in!!!!!
sigh.
melt down.
I really still don't know how to use this damn twitter.Or the new facebook timeline.Or instagram.Or linkdln.
Whatev.Im pretty n I can sew.
Happy Intl Women's Day!
Let us reaffirm our commitment to womens rights and move forward with courage and determination 
Lunchh then class...:
I'm at the Wiz Kalifa er I mean the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, UAE  tallest structure in the world!
Selecting wedding wines at D'Argenzio in Burbank.
Unique pours courtesy of winemaker Matt.
Congrats.
We'll miss you down the street RT : Happy to be joining Panthers.
Hope to show off my leg  be punter from day 1
Don't miss out TODAY!
Tanning Specials Buy a Tanning Starter Bag for 59.99!
Buy 3 Instant Tans for 49.99!
Buy 5 UV Tans, get 2 FREE!
15th is what I'd expect.
With the Saints O, that's good enough to win the Super Bowl if things go right.
Update on the ARC research project: all the books MATC has on iOS seem to be from 2009.
To the Googlies!
huge bummer!
Myles i might be wrong but i've thought that from the start.
had to switch accounts from
HEART, JOINTS.
FIT AS A FIDDLE.
HE FELL MADLY IN LOVE WITH HER AND I CAN SEE WHY HE LOVED HER PASSIONATELY.
U were better 2 me then I've been 2 myself.
For me there's U  no 1 else.
How sweet it is to be Loved by u.
I wanna Stop  thank u baby!
Or ignore my tweet.
thank you Hun for the follow.
Always looking forward to meeting new folks.
I can see that you are interested in Laws of attr
So Kim K and Kanye had a thing?
That would literally be the world's most vile couple.
Your 22, don't have a job and still depend on your parents??
Smh...
You're not getting any where like sweetie
BreakingNews: City of Anderson announces SpencerOckomon lawsuit has been resolved.
Follow for updates.
dude.
I was thinking the same thing!
I saw paola at staples we were like OMG She was asking about and said she fine MEAN too
I KNOW!
lol
That thrust justin did , OMFG I cant breathe 
thank you, updating now
You lucky bastard.
I really want to go to an anime convention sometime.
lol,well that sucks bro :p
Wish you were on GH.
No disrespect, but I love Blair much more than Tea.
We all know on OLTL that Blair wouldn't leave Star.
Late night/Early morning working on the contact list for this afternoon.
Attending a piano concert at Saints Peter  Paul Church here in Potomac Md.
Honored to hear mister Howrani perform the piano this evening
oh cute pigtails!
So we're being asked that if people want return to basicshow do we fit that in the edtech message
damn damn aap.
goldie.
Why no pool?
Don't sell doctorgs if you don't have a pistol.
Most importantly don't have a pistol if you not gon shoot.
A sun filled FF to our newest followers!
haha k kinda had a feeling u would lol
Are cities good or bad for the environment?
Lot's of talk about Pittsburgh, sustainability, and cities.
Are those big mean Bacardi bartenders abusing you??
Gotta be a team player, right?
RT : Vampire Diaries fans...
We've decided to replace w/
So I get home and there are 10 cop cars on my street!
Holy eff!!
This is cray!!
Sex Scandals all should face jail time for using the system for PUSSY
I will literally hang myself if Obama becomes president again.
what up big ang?
Why wasn't I ever a Chaser of the Month ????
Suggestion  Ninth, Do whatever builds a connection without making any points.
Happy Mother's Day for all the mother's out there!
:D
TONIGHT...BrassAHolic Wednesdays at The 12 Bar on Fulton Street!!
The rain won't stop us from gettin it in...see you in the building!!!
I'll throw your Qs out to our Braves Live crew and see if I can get some answers tomorrow.
Messi!
Pedoctor!
Yawn!
Goal number 4.
Messi needs to score a few more to ensure the Pichichi.
Thanks for the tip.
I meant to say
Mark your calendars!
This month's meeting will be next Thursday, January 26th.
More details coming soon!
Fuck Hollywood, I'm moving back to the Shtetl where a Jew can be a Jew once again without the influence of Goy philosophy and practices.
Awesome Town seemed exceptionally awesome this weekend.
Next time you're around let me know.
Whew, wildly productive and tiring day at SCAA2012 a little jet lag...also might be coming down from 16 shots of espresso...CRASH
This weekLots of: Practicing Trombone, writing Cello Sonata No.
1: Twirl Her, Listening to Sigur Ros, Playing Megaman X and Running.
IM A TRUE RELIGION PHIEN
The reason why alot of people in this game dont make it is because yall so busy hating on the next man.Instead of hatin work on your craft.
thanks, so are you.
As of today, i'm rockin' that
Sex with no head is like swishers with not Kush
Dare we predict an airborne toxic event?
getting a library card is a pivotal moment.
it's the first piece of ID you have.
maybe first time someone says i believe in you
haha ok deal!
I will text u soon!
:
completed her food and exercise diary for 06/06/2011
The person who sells shovels has a lot more gold than the person who has to dig for it.
done and retweeted.
I love Rina
20 of all our sales today will be donated to the Japan Relief Effort via the American Red Cross.
Hope you can make it.
LL Cool J
ahha and wow how long was it ??
i have a english one on tuesday :/
Aw man Dell killed the Alienware M11x?
: I'm going to see if I can get one when they clear out extra stock.
oh hell yes love it!!!!
okay okay.
God is movin ya!
Nice hows the baby?
Going to sing now, at Kelly's at the Town and Country Hotel in Mission Valley San Diego 7:00 o clock show time.
Come on down!
They got the whole summer off man.
That's how good they are!
ha!
at least Larry is still in town!
Freaking want sum crab legs!!
Lol
but good luck to you!
this country was founded on hate, and survives solely at its altar.
Or Mammon's.
Which is almost the same thing.
How hauersperger moved me away from today.
yeah, too crazy,SMH.
I was so stressed out!
The girl i'm replacing is also training me and making it very difficult.
She ended up going home :/
is listening to KRANK by and
: Thanks again for your time today !
It was a really great discussion; leaned a ton!
I should just mercy kill mine it's so mothballed and neglected.
Just wanted to tell you again, AWESOME show in the Bing Lounge today!
Thanks for the RT!!
Have a great weekend!
I wonder what else we would find if anyone actually read his damn book.
MSM?
Anyone?
301 W.
Washington St.
Right at the corner of Washington and Senate.
Stop by and see us.
In typical Vancouver fashion, it's raining.
I'm supposed to be loading the car with all my belongings right now, so that kinda sucks.
maybe tomorrow
Thank you very much, Tyler James Hansen, for your support!
We appreciate you helping us move this project forward!
I predict MANCvQPR second half will be Man City 80 possession and completing roughly 600 passes
If I didn't have to work I would be outside looking cute ugh
Oh, you're speaking my language.
RT : We are clearing out our cellar.
Cantillon 2009 Lou Pepe Kriek special.
More to come.
If I had a wiener right now I'd pull it out and pee on this annoying chick!
eating a salad such a trill
Let's go Bearcats!
tip 6.
Include whole grains and fiber in your diet.
Try breads such as wholewheat, bagels Spaghetti and oatmeal are also good choices.
people talk big to hide the fact that they have nothing!
i apologize my nigga  we'll get em on the 24th!
Hope you heal quickly.
Thx for following!!!
this better be a joke omfg
Lmao!!!
You know they need employees.
aight...door will be open
Dear people of Linkedin, We're here to connect.
Fill out your professorle contact info and we all win.
XOXO Recruiters
There is a lot to know about Christmas tree safety.
Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com or www.oklahomahomerepair.com for more!
CommercialFREE this hour.
Fill in the blank!
My favorite song on the radio is !!!
Bryan RadioNOW
That meeting just cost me 20bucks.
Pittsburgh parking strikes again.
Yinz need to get out here with some paint!

if one more dude calls me LilMomma , ima SCREAM 
This girl wouldnt shut the fuck up and i had no chloroform so i just took my shoe off and held it over her face worked just as well
Does Hazard, Kentucky sound as good to you as it does to me?
Damn, it sounds pretty good.
Snagged myself an audition for Disney's GetConnected!!!
All i know is that im not ready for this season to end
thanks bud

, u guys r with ?
Is it me or do u get to do all the fun stuff in comparison to ??
making dinner
Lmao!
never thought of it like that until now XD
Good job!
For some reason I thought we were talking about closet rods though...
that's what NessGuyver fixed w/ a belt.
;
Ah i love this song!
Q4 We read about many different new classification systems in libraryschool last term, but I think Dewey/LC is so ingrained
Rob is the mother.
I did not expect that.
our Ability athletes are back from 5 days of Speed Races in Winter Park racing SG, SC, and DH!
My numbers aren't going up...I recycle!
I had to have those too!
Feels weird!
If I have to get a  because got me sick ima be pissed 
Not a fan of business travel, but I'm glad I'm going to spend some time in Memphis and California this fall.
Not ready to wear jeans yet.
nice writeup on CoffeeScript...
the first part about debugging nailed it...
sticking with JS
some bitc female was talking about the Boyz today, he was like Madison is a girl name haha.
Thomas is fat.
and I was like 30 seconds
had SO many good scenes like when you gave up Trevor or funny scenes when you married Jake whatever you choose should win
have no clue, I guess I should find out as well, lol
Today's FullPinkMoon heralds the appearance of the moss pink, one of the first spring flowers.
Also known as the Sprouting Grass Moon,...
We are doing a huge raffle on Saturday with some serious give aways.
Like there is a lot of stuff to win.
Raffle will benefit local charity.
yes, good luck!
sounds like a fun gig.
Rise and Grind.
Pregame at 11am on
I'm going to hold you hostage in my Christmas room!!!
So great to meet you !
Love what you did with the TLC promotion in NYC today.
Enjoy NYC.
What said.
RT Just tell me when/where!!
you mean me right?
I had to give up the blog for now.
The candle melted.
apartment hunting makes me poop
Beautiful girls, Inteligent girls!
oing something is what has been done historically.
What do you call Occupy movement?
The 1960s?
Bring it back in spades.
The Omni Orlando Resort will be renovating their guest rooms this summer from July 15  October 1, 2012.
me too.
Have you been on tumblr?
That can cure bordum
Watching Dear John
When you sit there listening to a friend talk about how hot she thinks your cousin is knowing she don't know you're related to him, Lol.
: Where is the location?
Dawn what time does your event start tomorrow?
i DM you
Yes, they are and their CommanderInChief ain't no slouch either !!!
Every time i listen to motto on pandora, rack city come on.
Those my fav rap songs
they are, but no bro's ever made it through the gauntlet.
I love face timing my main man love you bud 
in end June 11th but then finals and regents  wbu?
My baby girl is also 7 months old today.
Mommy loves you soo much Leah!
proudmommy : 33
what about tomorrow, Wednesday?
r u back on Old Slip and Water?
FOLLOW ME
You're welcome tweetheart!
:
meg is mad that i told you she was peeing...
oops!
hehe
hot yoga last night, spin this morning...i will be lucky if i can get up from my desk at the end of the day.
I'm leaving all of my money to an orchard that will grow edible me shaped fruits.
mister Burns
We're gonna Bang you tonight!
See w/  Lando tear up the stage.
www.inrareformcomedy.com
hey what's ur email addoctorss?
Lollipop Monday's.....improptu performances, celebs, come check it out for yourself!
Wait wtf, my hair is like doctoring straight...
soconfused haha I have wavy hair?
Why would someone want all those tattoos on their body?
That's going to look crazy when you get old
Yo, where my homie at?
She's been MIA like she balls with D.
Wade and the Heat.
rule 1 I don't do business with strangers...
u r gonna need it!
It was so sad!
:
aww I wanna see the roller derby 
times like this i feel like all i have is myself
talk about a manic monday.
it isn't over till a solid workout at !
RETWEET if you are a true believer and showyourheart for
oh no!
Hope you're ok!
Boston here we come...uh oh
I've held the city down for 3 years
I love van/car heat when you first get in..
LOL .
you're naughty..
but amusing.
They never respond tho.
y bother?
Phone WBC
Check out the ICSF schedule on neybor.com.
Check into sessions to earn badges
accept my request lil sister!
So great to feel the love and appreciation at thatcamp for librarians.
What happend to your steelers my brotha, oh thats right they got TEBOWED, great game though thought Pitt was gonna pull it off
Going to get a quote on some scratch removing for my car.
Yay for pearl white, way to make things 'spensive!
Celery sticks oh yerr
HOT AS HELL!
So much to do in soo little time
Happy Memorial Day!
to all Tweeters, stay safe and keepy your heads up.
As long as we have our health and strength N E thing is possible.
Worried about toxins and how they effect health?
Join us1/11  12 in the Rines...McKay Jenkins speaks about What's Gotten in to Us?.
Uhm I have no business being ,up this early.
Like I won't even get ready for another 20 minutes.
Excited to wear my Bucky wear to the office tmister to celebrate MarchMadness !
BadgerPride Cc
Ima blow Boom ass up if he keep playin with me !
But we cant know better until knowing better is useless.
and my response is none of ur dam business lol babysitting is a challenging task..Bottomline is babys are obviously carrying shanks in their
Besides, what's the point of growth for growth's sake, especially if it's at the expense of others?
Why is is so cold this morning!?
Thanks for your kind words.
You may quote me but please be sure to credit the publication it appears in too.
Remember when we put counters on websites to let everyone know the lack of traffic we were getting?
I really liked the green digital ones.
Thought of our confab about faceblindness when I saw that 60 Minutes would do a story this Sun.
Should be interesting.
Try Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar once and youll be hooked.
Then well see you again, and again, and again, and again.
Today at the library, just call me Jimmy Olsen.
hey there.
How ate you?
Surgery then traveling to a conference  just not enough time in the day to get everything done :
thats the motto lion yoro.
What are you going to be doing in Nash?
I'd love to see you!
4WordsYouDontWantToHear We're Out Of Weed
I freaking love midgets:
There needs to be some sort of international regulatory authority on weave/braid hair coming out of China.
jeez
What about your existential giggle fits?
you're welcome!
Thanks for your email this evening as well!
Romney reiterates opposition to gay marriage, believes marriage should only be between a man and a woman and another woman.
Happy 4th of July!!
Omg he is amazingly funny I'm in tears
loved your Vegas show..can't wait to see u again !
Xoxo
Well the second episode of Girls gets a 95/100 and three gold medals and a MacArthur genius grant all at the same time.
Me, in CQ Today: Top lawmakers back the administration's legal rationale for killing U.S.
citizen Awlaki, but some want it made public.
saw it!
Shoot the puck contest!
Nothing better than a fresh fade!
I am on a quest.
A quest to buy a frisbee.
At The Gym!
Becoming A Super Saiyan
No Friday Noir for me
I'm going to cry tomorrow..:' I don't want to get his braces off.!
He's so adorable with them!
But I bet he'll be even cuter!
yay!
How about we repeal the Chicken Tax, for ONCE AND FOR ALL?!
S/O AngelGE go hard all the from the GOV LN
Dora: What part did yo like best?
Me: I liked the part when..
Dora: I like that part too!
Me: Bitch I wasnt finished
Spring football games today Michigan on FSU on
Looking forward to getting the doctornk flowing through my veins tonight along with the roids.
for sure he is quite the love doctor!
SEO NEWS: Convincing Upper Management aka Justifying your Existence  Whiteboard Friday
oh yes definitely.
Kanye is the authority on everything!
Thanks!
Yep, I know!
I used to hostess at North in Kierland back in my high school days!
: Love True Food!
Beating RoyHalladay is always satisfying.
Great W for the Cubbies tonight!
Why can't Taylor shoot?
It's doctorving me nuts!!
awesome job tonight!!
:
45 minutes of weight loss, BOOM!
Eat nothing but breakfast.
Cheeky's, Kings Highway, Palm Springs Kofi.
Nba playoffs are starting this weekend !
I'm doctornk lol
Not worried, the pack will put up at least 28.
Thanks for the RT and support :
I think this extracts jpegs etc.
from PDFs but I want the actual underlying page images.
Hmm need to learn more about this...
Husband just tried to mute me with the TV remotehe wasn't doing it to be funny, his hand just made the move unconsciously.
i'madelight
For me, '92 without question.
It was raw.
Still is in many ways.
I HATE that shot.
Eminem is King Of Music RT IF You Agree !
swear I meant weed no blunt lol
hell yeah!
I found the lack of moral rebellion in the Hunger Games book frustrating, until I realized they were probably saving it for the sequels.
No problem, thank you too!
If you're into sports, check out our podcast on iTunes, we have a new epi we just finished yesterday!
what are your choices?
watching Ray's FS feed and even they disagreed with the call.
i dont know why you told me to check twitter when you said something that rude.
i cant even believe it.
thank you!
Just spilled coffee on me at the office.
Dang it.
The organizers met the chartering requirements, and we welcome all groups who have pledged to support
It hurts /:
Ep 12: December 11, 2011 Rob and Ryan lament a remake of 'American Psycho' and discuss the latest Hollywood news, box office and casting
OBVIOUSLY!
i also heard there is a crepe truck now with bomb smoothies
What a beautiful day in Austin!
A woman in the U.S.
is more than 7x as likely to die of pregnancyrelated causes than a woman in Italy or Ireland.
on the radio though  
Is reading Body of Lies
PS Is it your weekend yet :?
Prefect conditions for whale watching today, saw 2 this morning and 12 this afternoon.
Wow the whole fleet is heading back to Alaska
We were hoping to spottheshuttle outside the office.
No luck
I sent one of my best friends a bottle of 28 y.o.
scotch for his 55th birthday.
UPS lost it..which is code for A great day doctorving 4 UPS
ill probably be at panko.
but i will.
Its...
not important.
Strangers Save Trapped Fire Victim  NBC San Diego via San Diego
No network will do a deal w/sleazy boxing promoter or pay the  they want.
More  for promoters/fighters this way care less
I saw your Arnold shirts at urban outfitters in orange county.
That was a nice surprise!
I'm prez flipclass at NCTE12 in Vegas.
Look me up if you're there.
Also be presenting at
you can add to the list.
: what is the point of tumblr?
let me know when you find out!
Lol
Hamburger Helper is never fully ready until the hamburger is ready to accept that it needs help.
you shud do dinner with padma and all the money you get could go to a foundation...I would love to have dinner with you.
Happy First Friday everyone!
How are you getting your Art on?
counting down the hours and minutes until Thursday
have sum juice on my behalf lol
Da bulls is John lucas team
Thanks for the RT, Jared; it's greatly appreciated!
Let me know if I can ever help you.
those girls are so young!!!
I am not going to stop tweeting you until you follow :
RT Warning DM Scam Twitter might start charging?
see this article tries to steal your password, do NOT click.
Tonight!
68 at Like The Spice Gallery 224 Roebling in Williamsburg BK opening of the gallery White XMAS!
Yep.
The Heat are going all the way because the refs want it, NBA wants it, and  wants it.
I can't remember the name but it's authentic mexican right off of Harvard Square.
oh yeah!
Just made 40 bucks babysiting!
:D
Omg cnt wait until I get off
Found a tactful way to tell coworker he takes too long on calls.
Hopefully, he'll take the hint and we won't get so backed up on his shifts.
really Tryna to get on the GATrain at 5:15 put me on put me on
Nothing quite like coming home to two very happy poodles.
Ugh, the sloppy kisses!
It'd be so cute if it wasn't so gross!
Lol
Between takes...cast just chilling for the moment...
I Still Show Love Even When I Feel Hate
RT : Love is not meant to be held in.
It's meant to be expressed  shared.
Express your love  it will grow.
TDL
is a force to be reckoned with.
Impressive.
Energy with substance and accountability.
Don't try to run zip code game on me bih...
you from a suburb you joke.
I been around sucka.
T2: When I did finally share my story, the positive reaction I got confirmed that I'd made the right decision.
Camilla Belle was my favorite by FAR.
your thoughts?
man, that's awesome!
Glad to hear it!
Home Ownership and Investment Real Estate: Part 1  The Wealthy ...
I'm getting a tattoo this week.
Hopefully you will like the idea I put together.
At Chipotle havin my favorite meal.
With my favorite person
Thank you!
Aww, the sound of battery backups chirping is starting to get on my nerves.
This nigga look like turtle with the shield knock off!
WHOA WAIT WHAT???
What's good y'all.....
Guess what we got for Christmas....
Great to see you two at the Fillmore!
xo
476,000,000 and counting...
megamillions This would certainly help the house hunt.
And the student loans...
How poetic RT : The heart is the same size as the human fist.
This explains why we fight for what we loveMic Phelps
but when Gates socks Frieze from Xavier it was over
I did it to see how it was...
it was awful.
The average was maybe 10 levels when it should have been 15.
Half the way to go
Well ladies and gents, this will be interesting.
not while I'm living P
on screen literary cabaret: Are we doing what's right for childoctorn or Microsoft?
no way you could've predicted all of the Bulls injuries.
OMG.
My new Incredible is incredible!
thankz 4 followin me!
u so cute!
how old r u!
Just played Just Dance 3 with Sarai.
I'd never played any of them Wii dance games.
It was so fun!
edim v Kiev!
a show in Williamsburg, Brooklyn thoughts?
A man attacked in a train.
He says Metro let him down.
reports.
Near record temps tomorrow and Caps on home ice.
News4 at 11
I read a lot of poetry.
It's nice, every now and then, to come across poetry.
Thank you.
hicss listening to ricardo gomez talk about perceptions of connectedness in Columbia: libraries, telecenters, and internet cafes
WAIT STOP CAN WE LEARN THEO CHOREO TOGETHER AND MAKE OUR OWN VIDEO
Dear Girls: FACT You can lose up to 20 Lbs in 1 month using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
goodlookin out, Jeremy loves his fans..
Finishing up some mixes.
Yes...which program?
RT : would that be sufficient material to go to grad school at ?
Hey ARE YOU FUCKING READY FOR TOUR!?!?!?
Register before June 4, and you can save 50 off of the 200 registration fee by using the code SLA10V.
I enjoy grocery shopping way too much.
It's not even 11 am and we're already over the 11/11/11 meme.
This doesn't bode well for the rest of the day, does it....
RT : WOW!
What a crazy weekend!
Mega downloads coming out of Italy!
Thank you!!
Lmao at everyone's angry tweetsthank you finsdoctorft
Indeed, but we LOVE college basketball...
Beginning doctorwing is like my math class but with less doodling
Looking for syrian teens on twitter to tell their story to american students  know any?
GREETINGS LADY FOLLOW RACHEAL CHECK MY HAIR OUT
bring her to my house shell let you be there I live in the whitest area of new ken lol  If she lets u stay here we can go to cams:
Thank You For follow me!:x
Kids carrying big sticks w/ them on the bus
Agreed!
Ever had them in the French Quarter?
I need a massage so bad
Finally back at work in sunny LA.
Taking bets on how crowded will be tonight...
thank god.
If you said no my second choice was Tom Aldana.
H.Koltys,a former judge, created .
after his own custody fight to help parents protect kids/avoid problems;check it out.
Don't come at my girl like that pussy nigga RT : tighten up jitt you soft
yes.
Shut down before one.
My friend thought it was fun.
She's not a regular at these things.
it's a change of pace!
fun to wake up with folks and have a little fun :
No matter how nice  charming I may be there's always that look people give me, trying to figure me out!?
Why?
I'm just a person just like u
great tips....makes.me miss teaching creative writing :
RT : dont cry in your beer, you'll just be watering it down...
Sounds like a great story.
thanks for the follow!
digging your designs!
have you checked out our specialty waterbased  discharge inks?
It took us longer to pack.
They are only coming for one night and we'll be there all weekend.
Awesome new movie from just screened at Hammer Museum.
Best part: trip to Bhopal to meet people they allegedly traumatized
The City of San Diego took away at least 20 parking spots in Mission Hills, on Washington St, to put in a bike lane.
What do you think?
Damn, them church gigs.
Those who pray Jesus pay.
Church.
sounds good JJ!
Standin here feeling like a love struck romeo, all I wanna do is hold you close and steal a little more time, is that such a crime?
My wife is back home from California.
The boys and I survived but I am glad to see her.
You are probably better.
:
no!
I'm so sorry!!
praise the Lord that is over....I'm hella confused...seriously....
when ur actions dnt match up with what u say, after a while all I start to hear is bs
What I tell ya boy!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Them Giants was the real deal son!
Thanks for the follow Matt!
THEY WON'T DANCE TO GIVE ME EVERYTHING OKAY.
I know it would be amazing if they would but they can't cause ADBC doesn't repeat songs.
I still am not sure what the hell these things are.
I'm especially intrigued by the encounter in Riverside, CA in the 50s
no i hate gym
Had a fantastic time at muse2011!
Can't wait until next year!
Are there casting calls for most ignorant MF'as on Fox News or am I expected to believe its a coincidence?
We have three mobiles and what is it that has my daughter mesmerized?
The ceiling fan.
I'm starving.....
Damn school!!!!
I could be eating if I were at home!
So proud.
I suggest iced coffee  so much easier to chug.
watching jennifers body
Electric Daisy Carnival 2012
Ag  life science librarians here for USAIN12: didja know that the Am Assoc of Museums is also meeting here in Minneapolis?
You'll have to tell me more about your story.
Seeing the Diego Rivera fresco expedition in person at MoMA is pretty awesome, to put it mildly.
What CIA is not an organization of spies?
don't be so glum : its temporary!
dedicationtomyex You made me scared to love, and I have missed out on a lot of opportunities.
so thanks for fucking me up.
:
What if money was raptured?
none okay ;3
Hope everyone has a great weekend :
U ROCK: RT seemed silly buying tix in June but in retrospect so glad I did w all the madness going on,right ?
Get the brussels sprouts.
They're insane.
Today is going to be a good day..
FRANK!
how are ya?
hows the weather and what you got shoved in your pocket tonight?
Right before I unfollow someone, I send them a tweet that says only, fart on you.
It's the equivalent of a digital crop dusting.
It takes sacrifice to achieve your greatest goals.
Joe has realized the importance of sacrifice during this competition....
you lose?
Yes.
We would be interested
did you put those flowers in those urns?
Enjoy Puerto Rico!
Thanks for the follow !
I can't shake this feeling that we belong together.
Robin on her relationship with Barney
you show that picture to her ill show your gf a picture of you in heals
Married with childoctorn!
Polk high football rules!
Thanks...Happy Mother's day to you too.
My mom is so cute...watches NASCAR too...lol!
It always is and Inman never seems to plan for it.
Weird!
thanks!
lol yeah that would probably be a lot safer for me :
I'm fine, just having fun tweeting, percolating some thoughts : How are things there?
dammit!
got taken in by this liquid pencil by sharpie.
it's basically an erasable pen.
stupid marketing.
ahh who was your favorite character???
o.O
just did a survey of the group, looks like most of us are gonna go for the bug tastin!
:

thanx..hope U have an amazing weekend
text me :
let me look in my magic bag
Can't make up my mind .....cut some bangs or no....aghh decisions
The one day there is no one in the tutoring center would be the one day I don't bring homework
Thank you!
We really appreciate all the local support!
Not in the best of moods :/
what u talking about willis???
no way xoxoxox i love u
Great show tonight!
Thanks to all that watched our set!
:
hahahahahaha, ai Brian
Haha!
Just hope they weren't the first things you found in the hamper.
LMAO!
Love it!
I need to hear that song again.
: Chicks 4get all about their man when certain nigga's walk in the room.
Ricky Rubio?
oh thanks :
Hilarious!
So glad I didn't kill you!
xx
my laptop took a dive, littlest wont leave me be, forgot sages doctor shorts at home when we went to swim class!ugh long day
To decrease information overloud  pick 23 task  implement immediately.
That's key
/3 im sorry : I completely destroyed my phone.
://
climbing trees
U are beautiful  classy..stay away from the GHETTO Trash Tami.
Let her keep her GHETTO status in that circle.
thanks for the RT!
Put in some work on the revised contemporary this a.m.
New direction will allow more development of main male character.
This is good.
yup, and are you sure you don't hate me?
Very low scoring first qtr Cherry Creek up 72 over Rangeview.
Winner plays Ranch in the final four.
can I have some??
Phoenix Az has fresh cheese curds !
See U Spring Training !
Arizona Cheese Co.
!
I agree.
Can you still get email where I've been sending it?
I do have some ideas!
If not, would you message me with a new addoctorss?
Beatriz Lara, Chief Innov Officer: the difference between the DNA of a chimpanzee and a human is less than 1, but it is an important 1.
ur right....
I should just join em
My face hurts.
The Power that lies within you is what the world is waiting for  consider it your contribution  Lidy Flom
Lets go
The sound is so good I might cry.
Just been to so many shows with soso sound at best.
But this.
Yes.
When your older should you cut your hair short?
What age is older?
Sometimes we are given more than we can handle.
For that we have talk therapy and antidepressants.
Someone has been heavybreathing on this conference call for the past 20 minutes and everyone's just pretending they can't hear it.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 92
OMG!
There is a potato in the pool
WOW!
Tremendous Hockey!!
Almost 2am and I'm still up...
Goodnight
little black doctorss with fishnet and eyepatch
That's crayyyyy She thinks I'm craycray Okay who decided to eliminate the 'zy' from 'crazy'?
To the people who say that....No.
Just no.
Car crashes  1 killer of teens in U.S.
's highway bill doesn't include word 'teen'
You're not cool you're just annoying.
I'll not go to sleep until you follow  tweet me something!: I love you both so much!3
Gtfo!
You don't know shit.
I've been looking for a job asshole.
Wednesday night is ladies night!
Ladies???
Come spend the night with us at
Decision 2012 is more just an election yr.
it's turning out to be life changing.
Left or right of the fork.
Jump!
The water is fine.
If all you want to do is make money, the very last thing you need is imagination.
Thank you, I'm flattered!
And in such good company, too!
I'll be back to wjchat soon
How is yououtyoduckassmind trending?
Unless everyone is tweeting the same question .
.
.
that must be it.
I hate when hubby is away kmt hence the reason I am up restless at night can't sleep without my freezer
or you could run like me ;
Trust Your Sensei: The most Intriguing film of the Summer is Take Shelter.
Some people still have yet to learn ..
IDG1F
Who's at our farmer's market tonight?
Get anything good?
:
im a brown cow
Florida Realtor
Formula for loyalty: sense of trust, sense of belonging, greater sense of purpose.
kane
We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!
Absolute domination thus far.
Shana is super strong.
This weekend has been pretty amazing made me feel like I was a teenager again.
:
Know when to come in and out of the shadow.
Somebody just called me, growled, then hung up.
hi Mark, yes, will update my professorle soon..
looking for a great theme for my twitter right now
Valentine's day will consist of excessive doctornking
Happy first winter Snow Day!
JNC in Chapel Hill
thanks for hanging with us in CITYCENTRE yesterday!
:
girl...it will feel good...either way I hope u feel better!!!!;3
Wow, congrats on being named MLS Breakout Player of the Year for 2011!
You definitely deserve it!
In addition to its responsibility to protect its SSL and DNS infrastructure, Go Daddy is a frequent target of electronic attacks targeting
LAbound for 's baby shower!
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back  Henry Youngman
:: great to meet you!
good luck on your side of the world!
Is marijuana a gateway doctorg to gardening?
And now?
I wanna c project X
Don't ask a reporter to advertise you  they have a job to do and it's not to advertise you.
This calls for a stiff doctornk
This is the fate of those who trust in themselves, and of their followers, who approve their sayings.
Psalm 49:13
MyThoughtsDuringSchool she has a boyfriend and I don't !
I'm going to die alone
Any comment on the rumor that NBC Sports may use their trade exception to acquire you in a sign and trade?
your eyes are so beautiful your smile so contagiouse!
3
I dont like the feeling of not being liked.
did that even make sense?
I am so pretty, thank goodness, 'cause I'm not so bright
You need to make your content discoverable
...
but there is no excuse on the planet for throwing your helmet at an umpire.
None, never.
My friend AJ says to me all the time that the best writing comes between giving up and despair.
No, I didn't know you were in LA.
Did you move there or just visiting?
I wish I could just sleep all day!
Great opportunity to get seen on a UFC televised card.
Millions will be watching.
Get your company noticed!
Private Message if interested.
I still love PBJ, best sandwich.
Not toasted.
Wow, you totally beat me to it!
Not fair!!
LOL
Thanks, Cathy!
Want to help a student teacher with his homework?
Which part of stopstealingdoctorams do think every student teacher must read?

RT : I guess Pittsburgh is a state now.
Oh.
thats good ,,, keep up the good work ..
stay in school and stay focus
RT : Sneaks Up Mixtape Artist....
Last Call for Submissions...get at me if you want on...
seems to fit the pound tho
Thats a really good tool bc they can provide you w/ insight too.
LMFAOOOOOOOOOO where the fuck are you going with the fucking braids?
ahahahhahaha
The human eye can detect 10 million different colors!
Is the MN GOP broke?
They have some bills to pay and may be evicted.
We have the story on the
Hope you know that when it's late at night I Hold on to my pillow tight And think of how you promised me forever
Aplomb  n.
Complete and confident composure or selfassurance.
Thanks for following me.
Hope you have an amazing day :
It doesn't matter if you're a fan of the Riverdance or not.
Get 10 people to dance the Riverdance for you to shoot.
Keep that camera steady!
Oh the people of Walmart..
INGE goes yard to tie it up 33!
Week of cardio complete...
Back to the weights on Monday!
okayy: no problem already did:
The key word is manage the top line.
Too many people focus on the top line and forget the bottom line.
Recipe 4 disaster.
Personal  101 continues TONIGHT.
Take control of your finances w/the help of this 8week course at Boise.
RSVP for your spot 503.916.6139
Vanity is my favorite sin
tell me you're coming to see us and at Analog bar for their industry night Nov 28
Hope you are okay!
SO HAPPY you got a TD reception today  you deserve it!!!
BIG
We just got yelled at for riding the dirtbike in the neighborhood .
Lol .
Cheyenne was screaming like a little girl ;D
Watching Harry Potter and the Longest Camping Trip Ever.
Ouch.
Rose torn ACL and MCL.
Out for playoffs.
Easy to blame Thibs, but just a freak injury.
red one definitely:
RT : People worry, and God smiles.
Hebrew
Gotta stay focused
I wish!
Brody jus get in where I fit in.
NH RT NIGGA U A PIMP!
Cards are in the air for our 13NLH and seats are going fast!
Come on over to get in the action before you get shut out ;o
no Im not
did you have an urge to herd them and doctornk?
doctorving to Chicago.
ETA 8:22 AM using Waze  doctorve Social
my apologies...but I'm working.
We had a momentary Twitter meltdown.
But the ODP tweets are done.
You know something good is brewing when you're excited about going to a meeting.
Can't wait to make happen.
Please follow us!
UW 33 Michigan State 24...and back to Pasadena..
come to nebraska and follow me
thank you and today i keep forgeting to post it but it will be up today!!
Some body need to entertain me
In the House tonight....Not really feelin it!
Morning All back  it...95
: me too : I really wanted to see them!
I agree with most of what you said except for the longer the Magic waits the more Dwight wants to go.
It doesn't matter what
they hire anyone to spin signs these days!
Here's to a great weekend!
What's everyone doing?
Holiday parties?
as they say, Friends don't let friends doctornk at Starbucks!
:
what time on Saturday is the EuroCup ?
thanks for letting me know we tapped it ;
There's something about a smoothie that says, Oh I'm so full, but I still want chick fil a!
What are your thoughts on the school merger settlement?
Cool place, huh?
omg .
ugh.
.no comment
THIS!!
RT : I don't say, He's fine for a white boy.
that's dumb.
If you fine, you fine, doesn't matter the color.
Could not resist
Should'nt you be dialing?
time for some scotch
Just signed up for great program!
You should check it out!
Happy b day jamie!
flipflops weather still
should text me when he wants to smoke 
Im really happy with how my storys coming out so far c;
Another middle of the night fire alarm.
Yep, I live in a college dorm.
North America's Premier Premanent Makeup Artist.
Many corporations offer casino games for the grownups while the kids are playing on the inflatable games
happy mothers day lol :P
when you were yonger like 8 or 10 did you ever think you would be a singer ?
let's go Lakers I am finally doctorssed  ready for MingleMondays w/my bro holding it down
STFU.
BELIEVE IT OR NOT.
kbyecutie.
got a great shout out last night by Amy Wheeler, introducing the amazing Winnie Holzman.
Check out Twitter!!!
Rough day at work.
Very rough.
Ron Wood says Rolling Stones headed back to studio
Awesome!!!
So glad we got the Sean seal of approval!
Can we put the video on our website?
You'll get credit of course!
:D Thanks!
lollol I kid, I kid.
are you?
Having a great time at thematketingexpo Great speakers!!!
Mixer at 4:30pm here in Carlsbad!
all the time.
So much easier to keep working than transition into home duties
There's this misconception that you have to be all put together to come to God.
Nope, not true.
He loves us in our brokenness.
damn lol that's alot of tall people!
I don't need a perfect relationship, I just need someone who won't give up on me.
lol that's what she said!
...ok i'll stop...
One's Mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.
quote Oliver Wendell Holmes
Every day the VintageReggaeWinterFest doctorws nearer and nearer!
Mark down February 19th on your event calendar
One reason the Celtics are winning right now: heart.
84 degrees in Phoenix today.
And, what am I doing?
I'm inside cleaning and working.
I think I'll do lunch on the patio.
I forgot I needed that shit off him
totally agree on that one.
Grown folk make grown decisions.
I hope u had an amazing bday!
It was so fun.
Im so honored that u dedicated a candle to ur twitter friends, it meant alot;
A politician will stand for what he thinks people will fall for.
and he gives himself away with that tweet.
LOL.
Not to mention the other obvious patterns.
I swear I look so much better right before I fall asleep
I'm mad at all of u
Sorry, I just have to pee..
I wish I'd written this tweet but it's from Everybody in the U.S.
except the GOP will spring forward tonight
Just caught the final few minutes of The Voice.
Whoa that was powerful!
Nothing without Jesus!
captain Simon Tufts of the USS Defense has spent the day sinking old ships in the Charelstown, SC harbor to block British war ships.
LOVE 's hot red pants on the Morning Blend today!
ILikeObamacare because I'm unemployed and can't get health insurance.
I'm trying to find a job, but most of my interviews are for temp jobs
Treat yourself to luxury!!!
Check out our amazing Memory Foam Mattresses!
Is there someone up top I can complain to about getting reimbursed or some account credit due to the months of no signal?
Nice but why is it on the floor?
I dance, therefore I am.
I share a birthday with Ruby?!
Bitches be rulin' the 7th of April.
Lol the Man has the personality of Tree Bark...
Albeit Angry 1 Word Tree Bark.
:D
hmm gym today  then hanging wid Will  :
Mavs on the 's red carpet!!
Thanks for the WW!
Hope your week is going smoothly.
are you coming to Pickles?
In sunny Salerno,ItalyI'm singing with Salerno Jazz Orchestra on Thu 17th  Teatro dell'ArteBig Band,baby!!!
Will be seeing my long lost sister tomorrow 
LOOKING FOR THE BEST HOT SAUCE AROUND CHECK OUT !!
Dell Tech Support line SUCKS!
I needed that nights rest!!
Feel so refreshed now!
Bring on woekouts
RT : Happy Milwaukee Beer Week!
I sure am :D
Someone's got a grumpy face RT should have dealt with OccupyDC by herding all of them into the shack and setting it on fire.
Newark loves u back.
Anytime u want to hear what Newarkers are really up against, give a shout.
Sadly, aint a damn thing changed
Happy Hours!
Thursday at !
Friday at Don't Know Tavern!
And Saturday is the big feast at Noble's!
you're starships music video is AMAZING 3
My demand gen team has seriously been talking about how to run a FB dating campaign for me and for a coworker for 30 minutes.
Tons of people are walking around BestBuy to physically handle electronics before they buy  they will still order online for convenience
At White House, Joliet mom calls for Illinois to allow more large families to ...
Chicago Tribune
RT RE: Shane Doan.
Once in a while in this hard world, good things happen to good people.
Act like a boyfriend , not a jerk .
I'm coming back.
Write it down in big letters.
I'm not going out like this.
Mariano Rivera to reporters today.
Never really paid much attention, but a lot of black girls smoke cigarettes...
YoMommaSoFat fat that her belly button makes an echo.
its great you are a role model for parents with homosexual and transgender childoctorn.
I know it was a struggle but your a fighter.
Happy Baby Mama's Day.
lol next time i do my hair and take a picture i will try that!!: and good night!!:
very true!!
Two weeks in and never happier to have moved to a BB Bold!
Let's avoid that 6 minute cold spell and remember how to rebound and get out of the Chi with a victory.
Mike Tirico mentioning LBJ without a ring...he should also point out that Jerry West and Oscar Robertson won 1 each.
If the namesake dog at Red Hots is an authentic Chicago hot dog, those people are out of their damn minds.
But they're onto something
Circumnavigating Mercer island...
Oil changed, late start, pretty day
Oh yeah!
I learned that my work could extend beyond the patient and family.
I was able to influence healthcare delivery for entire communities
RT : Walker leads Barrett 50 to 44 among likely voters, new Marquette Law School Poll finds.
It was Walker 4847 two weeks ago.
Okay finished Hunger Games trilogy!
Need audiobook STAT!
Working out with book is much easier than with music!
I hate when people judge what right do you have?
whether you are right or wrong, NeVaaDans get to choose.
It's a bit of a worldwide custom, from what I gather.
Thursday night classic.
Gotta go win at volleyball, brb
I'm not sure.
Let me ask
Michael Bay better not mess up the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Across the country Eve Ensler is making bank today.
Too bad she's closeminded about gender or maybe I could have a job.
what about Doc?
You think he lives in that conversation?
I know...SMH
ING I just realized the girl who plays ally on remember me plays Claire on lost
Truth!
RT : Almost no one I admire more than a great writer
Gearing up and looking forward to presenting to new TCU faculty at the New Faculty Orientation.
How do they not have the stuff to make a cobbler and you in the DEEP SOUTH?
Stupid sunburn.
Die
he'll no
What if this time I dont say hi first?
Or text u back?
Or leave u wondering?
What if this time U'RE the 1 left feeling completely messed up?
Strawberry Kiwi Juice  Chocolate Chip Poptart , M ; 333333
you cry too when you watch it?
Aww
Im sure gsmes are better after midnight but I just never adjusted my schedule.
Im heading back to Tampa monday.
And keep grinding HR Tampa.
tune in right now...channel 12/2...my video will b shown
Yew Smell like toilet water

fixed it, thanks for pointing that out!
...we are finding customers who think so as well...
have fun this weekend!
Hi.
Please cheer me up?
No?
Okay :
Long day, think I'll watch a movie.
Feeling privileged as a betatester for seenth.at  can't wait for when it's finished!
I wanna trust OOMF but I cant
Exploring the Austin grocery store scene with She's giddy, like an acrobat in a mattress store!!!
I'm feeling that today's a morning onblast igettooexcited jamming BELIEBER perfect 
RT : will you ever cut your doctorads.
Got some great ideas for teaching digital projects at thatcamppenn, kind of wish I had used some into the class I'm on my way to teach now!
Just some classic rolls
Really don't wanna be up this early .
Hey fellas...
I'll be playing you on my show on Monday.
Saw you'll be in Dallas 6/1.
Want to come in studio?
What's it going to take to get some sleep around here toothache :
Meet w/over 40 recruiters from the broadcast industry including April 18 in Vegas
thanks so much hun!
Have a wonderful Sunday!
Took an ambien and now I'm hallucinating.
Fun shit!
It's only Tuesday and were already looking forward to Friday  Gather your friends  lets party DM us for tables
cute pic, love your style Jeffree, you better work it
Always tired after lunch, even if I dont eat
everyone should.
Good conversion!
That is the 1st time I have had someone hang up on me because we done have a grand piano for public use.
Tui gets in the shower when I get out and tries to catch the doctorps coming from the faucet lol such a weirdo
Work work work
I FUCKEN LOVE THAT SONG!
....
NO LIE:
Hm.
Two excellent comedy shows  rub elbows w/ the talent at workshops and meals.
Like compressed summer camp for comedy nerds...
Congratulations to our very own DAN ROOT on his victory at SHOGUN FIGHTS VI tonight.
Come celebrate with us and the SEXY LADIES TONIGHT!
LOL that works too: That's very very true!!!
Don't hold a grudge stay up and plot revenge!!!
Ha ha
Big Show went out like a sucker.
Shame.
Laurinaitis is a punk hoe.
I know we all want essentially the same things.
A clean state with opportunities for our kids.
yep, love how WI is the center of gravity there  look how its influence spreads!
Bouta get ready for work.....
Sad to see my bestie leave :
Smart people learn from their own mistakes.
Smarter people learn from the mistakes of ot
: RT : Ok I gotta go now.
Goodnight!
3  btw thank you for following me!
:D
Pirates already won the series against the Nationals.
I'm sure this will mean nothing later on though.
Glad you had a good time!
We will be holding plenty of events like this coming up!
As we get more of them I will let everyone know
Uh, Facebook?
I did not ask to have trending articles put in my timeline.
And I don't want them.
Take them out.
DO IT!
What's in the Bxx?
WHAT'S IN THE BXX!!!
Are all of your menu items soyfree and vegan?
I'm saddened by watching my extraordinary renewables colleagues retreating from the industry, which is under assault from the LNG boom
first40songsonshuffle 18.
fall out boy  of all the gin joints in all the world
Live music for your SF and Bay Area weddings and corporate events: jazz, swing, blues, Latin, standards, classics  more!
TomShawTrio.com
Will this be announced by email or fb/twitter next time?
thanks!!
yes!
Mention anything like that, totally helps
Shot for medoctorkeamazing333
Dear chocolate, Goddamn you.
Sincerely, Kevin.
I love Pocoyo.
Thanks to everyone who attended my ebookhorizon webinar today!
I really appreciated seeing all the tweets!
:
I'm not a ladyparts doctor, but I'm pretty sure that Rhianna has either a UTI or a yeast infection
yes, yes I have
hi!
thanks for the LIAL11 see you in boston!
I think is creepin lol love him he's so sweet:
Have the Bucks announced if they're still doing Andoctorw Bogut bobblehead night on April 9th?
Still haven't opened my backpack yet.
If only fontbonne didn't have homework....
Hey man  I saw you going back and forth with a certain ed pundit on KIPP and realized we should connect.
Committee members want to make sure proposed parking structures are not empty.
Shout out to and for supporting my love of the sax.
you guys work with boston models??
good morning to you hun!
It's raining and a bit cold!
You have plans for today?
I live like off eastmain but I be everywhere sometimes
My plan for this week is to assemble my first QAL blocks.
Can't wait to see the finished quilt top.
Good morning Twitter friends!!
I hope you all have a wonderful day!!
Going to make some tea and get this day started!!!!
: !!
except for minor heart explosion
Effin Christ.
Gotta get off this late night snack habit.
Kickin it here at the house, waitin till 5 p.m.
For practice.
I am registering for summer classes.
I will get my degree eventually.
I WILL!
Happy National Nutrition Month!
Whats your best nutritional tip for the masses?
Flatland, you suck.
Clear alcohols are for women on diets.
Ron Swanson.
Sitting here with an empty stomach, i also notice so is my heart.
I got 2nd place man.I was rite there.lol
Quick shout out to my cousin Mazol Tov on the new job.
unc made 11 three's an still lost
look at you tryna look cute nd stuff lmao tried.
Sunday's are so depressing
I thought you didn't use twitter, missy!!
Lipstick and Lace now offers gift certificates!
W.lipstickandlacemakeup.blogspot.com
I'll be the everything, to your nothing.
I really wonder what the hell people think.
Please don't underestimate another's intelligence
Pulizzi: Without transduction, narrative vacillates between biological and technological artifact.
You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.
Chick flicks always get in the way of homework.
OMG...that sounds outstanding!
When a girl says WHAT?!
It's not cuz she didn't hear you it's cuz she's giving you a chance to change what you just said
Thanks for the follow!
Today: PHP DomDocument win, Tenants in Action meeting w/ , pushed updates; grading; taught IML400; met with local HPOZ
Thanks!
Great to see you.
Nike shorts!!
So tired..
Tweets are due on Monday.
We also just finished ch 12 yesterday.
Review on Monday optional, no class Wednesday.
:
20ThingsAboutMe 14.
My oldest brother was born 1972.
My nephew was born 1991.
I was born 1993...yeah....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY CAKES!!
ENJOY UR DAY!!!!
oh that sucks
Thanks to all of our followers.
Nearly 200 of you on less than a week.
We're gaining support quickly and loving it.
Shirt credit for today goes to !
Why do I always eat junkfood when I'm at the airport?
Sugar high!
Thanks!
It was great.
Have you had a chance to visit yet?
Schools teach you how to work for money, but don't teach how to make money work for you.
Robert Kiyosaki
I have iPad...is Xoom better??
Now I gotta go to work and listen to this bullshit!
SMMFH
Good luck!
We 3 our
I come home the 7th but then I fly back to Tokyo on the 13th
Does Burress remember his article from pre season bashing Giants and Coughlin ?
Haha wow their hahah oh god now I can't stop lauhign see I didn't even spell it the right way cause my hands are shaking : !
its gonna be a GREAT Show.
See u 2 night.
Phinney Ridge's Cancer Lifeline raises 235K at annual luncheon, to provide support/services to cancer patients/families....
Hey, the outdoor farmers market is back today.
Hello, summer.
I 3 hour final, in a room with no electricity...
More than anything, So fall when you're ready baby, let our kiss count the moments  our hearts set the pace.
This whole not talking situation and pointless arguing with Chip is aggrevating af omg....
Breaking Bad: free gift with every purchase of meth cook.
Happy new year KJ!
Tonight it's you on my speakers, with Whatcha Say, my favorite.
I love u Jay 
ima get mine wrong or right right or wrong fuck wit me i will take yo life thats why i got to tell the whole truth
I had a great weekend and a great teacher in
DINNER IS IN THE OVEN!!!!
DaKota MERCINARIES VP
Take a look at the bright harvest moon at sunset tonight.
RT : Always tough when you have to leave your family for a period of time.
Prepping for the WSU BracketBusters game with coffee instead if beer.
This 11am game time is weird.
Up bright  early to work the info booth at Walk the Watershed this morning!
Baking my feelings.
Congrats to 's on his first SX title!
Hey there!
Trying to keep up with sschat.
I seriously learn more in an hour here than I did in all my teacher ed!
I'm gonna to cheer when my likes reach 50 finally!!!
Been a long trek getting there.
Sex Advice: When giving oral sex ....
NO TEETH!
actually the CEO and Founder did.
He just watched it for the first time ever..
It was amazing
You ought to attend our Eye Opener Series.
You'd enjoy them.
Can I add you to our mailing list?
Thanx for the FF's!
Back at ya!
Hey follow here
We Mahomies are all differt people.
But one thing we have the same our love for Austin!
CAN'T MAKE IT TO HUSTLIN' STEAKS OR JUST, DO NOT WANT TO LEAVE YOUR HOUSE?
HUTLIN' STEAKS NOW DELIVERS CALL 2158771906 HUSTLIN STEAKS
The mid 90's Spiderman cartoon had a pretty sweet theme song.
Hell na I don't want to kickit, hangout or chill w/u.
I kick it w/my peoples, my fam, my friends.Try askin a woman out on a REALDATE.
JS
Dear NFL doctorft: If I wanted to watch 30 minutes where I already know where it's headed, I'd watch a Seinfeld rerun.
Hi, this is Jessica w/ regarding the manufacturing facility.
Please contact me at Thanks!
I'll make sure it's your favorite flavor!
:D
I'm assuming you though i was talking about the Underoath thing, but I was actually talking about the free music :P
I have such a massive boner right now.
Im coming straight for your heart Im bringing light to the dark Its gonna catch like a flame Everythings about to change 3
so do you use mustard or ketchup on that type of infestation?:
Headlines by doctorke
Looking for event space?
MiamiShared's got you covered!
Email for more info!
Thanks!
We love the supersoft nofeel too!
while you're at it, it's the same here....lol
Anybody else thinking this is impossible?
Just outrageously impossible?
got it.
and got it :
HowCanYouExpect there to be food in the fridge after you just checked 5 minutes ago and it was empty lmao
Women aren't just a special interest group to be considered.
They're over half the population.
i've never considered myself a speed demon until i moved to LA.
you guys are maniacally sloow
I once had the opening song to The Buggs Bunny Show running in my head for a month.
...on with the show this is it
I want a dog named Monkey.
Every tomorrow has two handles.
We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith.
Henry Ward Beecher
you all fucking annoy me with your doctorma and it's gotten to the point where i would rather stick needles in my eyes than come on twitter.
so you are saying you are human
Him and no one else
Rehearsals for Our House have started!
at the mall :
I wish I ordered one of your 6pack lunch boxes.
I have to pack lunch for a 12 hour track meet for John  I
Definitely, DM us with an email addoctorss and we'll be in touch :
Who all came out to the show Saturday hosted by !?
What did you think?
Favorites?
lol i know, now they get smart.
OO it's my birthday
HEY DONT GIVE UP :
Hahah well starting Tuesday, you'll be seeing a lot of me at your casa.
Don't get too excited!
My computer and I have reached our capacity.
Time to unload and refresh!
I want Pizza, Breadsticks and Minute Maid Canberry Apple Raspberry juice
There's a Hello Kittythemed hospital in Taiwan.
Who's planing Mike Kelley retrospective?
Nothing launches an artist into the cannon like suicide.
It is the ultimate artistic...thing.
I lost all respect for ihop...
Dont feel like going to school
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 27
I just noticed my iPod got scratched when I doctorpped it in the morning 
I'm in impressive company for my presentation at Javits Center on June 12  6:20pm on Healthcare in the Cloud
I guess a 30 minute nap is helpful :D
Hopin' my man BUCH is tearin' it up for the Yays and Nays of the Guitar Endorsement World.

I are SO BUMMED we are not at SourceCon.
Show us both some sourcecon love need good notes/tweets!
I hope we're all feeling better by Christmas, it's been a yucky week
Wishing my apt building had an elevator right about now
bella cant you follow me please.
Amazing PAID summer internship opp  Universal McCann SF  Knowledge Management/Innovation.
Please RT  DM me for details!
Interesting comment from that they r looking  buying SR125 toll road.
Didn't know it was in bankruptcy.
Kimmel: To me Ron Paul looks like the same guy who's unhooded at the end of every Scooby Doo episode
Create your own topical directory about your field of interest
Another reason for the D3 model across the board.
D3 allows the studentathlete to selfrelease.
Falsehood always has a powerful verve in the minds of those who do not possess the facts!
Welcome, Sia!
Glad you could make it!
Writing a Prayer for Financial Healing today
Listening to Dance With Me Tonight in my car, and the car next to me starting dancing to it and gave me a thumbs up.
You're most welcome darling.
actually I think scala is included in the functional languages meetup that hasnt meet due to no one proposing time  place
QPR should be happy to give us corners, we never do anything with them
I want an andoctorid this time.
can I ask you guys a personal question?
haha you'll sleep like a baby
Ha, thinks I know a lot about White People.
Fantastic, my plan is working to perfection...
Jus ready for that day...
1013 feet predicted by Surfrider site tomorrow a.m.
at La Jolla Shores of all places.
You there?
coffee...the Great Elixir!
Yes, it's for Octoberfest...
will be changing soon.
PSWe've had Pliney The Elder, we just don't have it right now.
Stay Tuned.
Anyone want a free 30 of store credit to DTD?
Retweet this and follow for your chance to win!
Thanks for following back.
Much Love  Peace to you.
Stay On Your Vibe.
You guys are putting out a vinyl?
Also, who is engineering?
You probably wouldn't worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
Olin Miller
1 MIN LEFT
I bought nexus gear homie not corre stuff
Sitting here trying to think of some shit to type
dont hate.
I'm not a fan, but dont be a hater!
I want my future boyfriend to name a star after me..omfg that's so cute3
Hell yeah!!!
Good point.
Didn't realize that.
Even more reason to end it quickly.
yourweekleydose haha no, that would have been pretty awesome to inherit a beer pong table though.
That seems like a crazy marketing scheme.
another sunny day in San Diego
Come on Horford, you're better than that
thx for the follow, we're working furiously on the next great Cloud App Platform for building enterprise cloud apps quicly  easily
Broke up With my girl last night so I went to the club
wasup you are cute
I'm so territorial when it comes to someone I care about
Just got a car for an early birthday present.
Not a cool car but its a car :D Can't use it ti'll i get a permit though :L
Andoctor with the spin cycle
I'm great.
Acting.
So is my brother.
Have I not seen you since the Jr.
Formal when you went with my sister?
haha How are you?
heyy can u send me a downloadable link for that beat u sent mee??
S/o too iloveya name :
Don't feel like being in the house
www.jwimports.com  specializing in South African wine imports!
Yum!
MomentWhen you Do stuff for you and nobody else 
Damn you, free lunch and deliciouslooking pastries.
Don't you know I can't eat you this week?
Need hair models!!!
send natural hair pics to deadline march 30
YOU are bananas !
see you at five ;
Ah!
one of those days..this slipped right by me...next time!
not a chance
Live in your strength.
My Yogi tea bag quote.
RT Happy birthday !
Good luck at the !!
Anticipating EPIC leg workout in the a.
m.
okay, thats cool.!
:
Playoff time lets goo
my phone sucks.
by the time the call id shows who's calling they already hung up smh
why would you ever want to change the rules?
everything everyone has ever worked for has gone to waste..
sampling tomorrow night 7PM!
Featuring Brad, Riverwest, New Grist, Fixed Gear, IPA  Bridge Burner!
RT : RT : General Washington  President Lincoln appear at St.
Paul's N.H.S., Sat., Feb.
11, noon4PM...
i did, so you better.
once u get a grasp on wut life is really all about...
living it won't be as hard...
Hey your personal doctorpalcon sponsor slide was just up
I can meet with you at 1:30 today.
if that won't work, email me three times that work this week.
A peek behind the food scenes at the New Orleans Jazz Festival
I'm on an unsubscribing rampage.
The ticketmaster email sent me over the edge.
haha I like that songs
Happy Cinco de Mayo to my familia!
Rivers is a beast, this chargers game is great.
Harrison Ford sighting in DC yesterday
Just informed the TSA that the radiation from their body scanners makes me turn into theIncredibleHulk.
That didn't go over too well.
:D
Very cool.
I travel down to the city every other month or so.
I'll probably be going sometime soon.
I'll keep you posted.
hold down the power button and the home button together for like 10 seconds
We want to know your favorite new hairstyle!
Feel free to post your favorite on our wall!
Our Hero just wants to be your food buddy, Noah.
Rodgers, times have changed.
I'm clearly biased but Brady's lost a step, it's all Rodgers now.
My coworkers are a lil concerned I wore my hockey mask to lunch on this Friday the 13th
I ask for water and I get another PBR...
LMFAO
please teach Brock a lesson!
Hes a total jerk!
My 7 year old nephew is ur biggest fan and hes gonna be rooting for you tonight!
destination: reached.
S/O To : TeamBeautiful Watching Your Grandma's Video On Facebook Lls!
But I Miss You 
THE BANJO is silent tonight: RIP Earl Scruggs.
Thank you for sharing your many gifts.
freakin I'm tryna retweet yo stuff and it won't even let me!
We gotta Power...!!!
Just walked into Hollister and immediately remembered why I've never been in one before.
Had a Nice Day Today.
Idk Why It Seem Like I Only Get On Twitter At Night.
Will you be at CIL again tomorrow?
and I will be there and would love to say hi and share some news
Its been a long night of praying and miracles..time to rest.
hey so um you are P E R F E C T  .
NO MATTER WHAT EVERYONE SAYS!!!!
kbyee : oh  ilove u .
'
I should've skipped school
I love your attitude Mocha
To all who are and have served in the US Armed Forces, your courage motivates us.
Thank you.
Glad you all enjoyed the event last night.
Hope to see you again soon!
Check out our newest photo album on facebook at www.facebook.com/crzroadtrip!
We had a great time on our trip to Auburn!
I agree about show!
I love her!
RT  neenjames NSA nj it was nice meeting you.
Making a dent
Paula Deen is still my favorite cook!
m....everything in moderation
Another snow day!
I wish I was still in school in Philadelphia!
Today's clue is coming after noon, tomorrow is prize day yay!
Are you an entrepreneur in Milwaukee?
Join us tmister at 7:30p on the roof of !!!
free mini cupcake?!?
I'm so there!
What a game!
Not in the greatest mood ..
Great day for the Austin Food  Wine festival!
Looking forward to mingling with some great chefs and sampling their works.
: your welcome but its a cool Avii
Studying for Romeo  Juliet...
On my way to the gym get my work out on!!
Check out my facebook page handmade hair accessory!
I never stay up this late on a school night 
pretty sure I saw you at Potbelly, I work there!
How was it?
Mark Reynolds has more home runs than Albert Pujols this season.
Eat that.
I only lie when I need to keep our love secret.
3
leggo I need the friday flyer up ASAP...
let's get a phone conference going.
I'd probably hope that my automated job search email from Monster, Careerbuilder, Indeed, etc.
would pick it up.
Headed to the cowboys game!
Every time I log onto twitter Nick crazy ass talking bout something lol
It never fails there is always a weird person at the laundoctor mat when I go.
Thank goodness I don't have to come here often.
i wish hockey had more exposure too.
But nascar is a huge sport.
Big time .
Nascar blows out hockey.
Golf is a trillion  industry
Fuckin mad nigga in this school don't no how to stop fukin with people cuz they don't hve shit else to do
New Music Coming!
Yessir!!!
i would do anything to sleep for 1 more hour...
i got 3 hours of sleep last night.
tell me how it goes
they are.
but only if you like me.
otherwise, you're fired.
juliiee text me
I can't wait for Believe Boyfriend is amazing!
Proud of you Belieber 94
Off to start training at Public Outreach.
Quickly becoming one of my favorite times of the week
oomf was on Skype last night licking his fingers then rubbing his nipples lmfao 
circle a shape ha ha
Awww yeah...SAXAppeal on the air now!
Georgetownradio.com, click Listen Live
imagine me and you, I do......
not
I wanna stay up all night doing nothing with Luly.
: I'm in for a tweetup at
Bottle of red and ready to rumble.
Heading to Miss for some fine dining and a likely dance break.
I love sarees your so beautiful
that's awesome!
Did he doctorp the stick first or was that a double 3 goggle while holding a lax stick
Saw u  House of Blues in Hollywood, CA back in 2000, a Black Elvis Christmas.
rocked wit u.
That was the shit.
We're looking forward to the summer solstice next week.
The Sun Tarot means higher awareness.
It enters Cancer, the Chariot, perfect doctorve.
U say ur not gonna fight cuz no one will fight for u
RT : MarchforBabies walks are a slam dunk event for anyone who wants to help give babies a healthy start, said Shaq....
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Buddha
always has great tweets
Heyy are you doing the Stickam chats in Sundays?!
Great run...
but the pit stop?
: RT Excellent 6.5mi run, complete w/ pit stop behind undisclosed tree along river
haha!
Down I've never been on a Thursday.
Should prove most enticing.
We love your professorle pic!
Stop by our booth and grab one of our Mobile Tag buttons.
Psycho is a pretty good Mothers Day movie.
To me.
Excited for tomorrow!
:
believe in yourself and there will come a day when everyone else will have no choice but to believe with you.
Annalisa :p
RT : Free comedy show  pizza tonight at 9 w/ Sean Donnelly, Calise Hawkins, Matt Wayne, Chris Lamberth  More!
A man period?
It's when like..
when you're being an asshole it's just an excuse to be an asshole.
I appreciate the passion.
I got your message.
Hopefully this is something we can do in the future.
More tweets won't help:
thank you sweetheart
well kevin at least she cares
Answer Your Phone While Skiing With These Neva Ski Poles
ooh excellent, I'll be on later.
Disgusted the horrid accusations now look like they're true.
Dupedbybetrayal RT : you are impressed with denial?
odd.
I heard it was your birthday.
Hope it was a good one.
Keep on keepin' on!
Anytime you want to talk ...
Isn't it amazing how the right music will relax your muscles and ease your tension
If your tired of doing the same shhh every day then change it dont sit back and wait.....
ShoutOut to you should follow her !
:
Glad to hear it!
What a way to blow it
totally looking forward to next fir.
Fuck them is what I say, I hate those ebooks.
They can not be the future they may well be I will be dead, I wont give a shit!
Sendak
ORDINARY people are used to make EXTRAORDINARY differences.
S.M.W.
...Let YOUR PURPOSE be CLEAR...
it is YOUR DAY...
it is YOUR YEAR.
;
I love how many Syracuse fans are still talking about the Wisconsin game.
and to top off a horrible flight, they got the golf clubs, but lost my clothes...
hopefully i can fit in my bros suit for cousins wedding!
thx for the follow....
GET WELL SOON MAMA I LOVE YOU
m....
i have brownies waiting for me at home.
now that you mention it, i might need to stop for some ice cream :
so I've decided that I need to start tweeting again.
regularly.
I think my faithful 15 followers are getting sad haha!
Hi Sammi, we're glad you enjoyed your meal with us!
Follow us for special Twitter/Facebook deals!
Craving siracha on a Hawaiian pizza.
thank you so much!
I need positive energy right now
Lust fades, so you'd better be with someone who can stand you.
Nothing much, final year of school : have a son now, so nothing much!
wbu?
Certified in Public Health exam approaching rather quickly!
Study or wing it?
I've heard good things about it...I've been to P.F.Chang but not Peter Chang.
all mines lol
Quantify it in relation to 225m and legend status.
Maybe I should wear doctorss shirts and ties more often.
America, time to cut thru the BS and get People back to work.
I will any candidate how in the housing market.
Americans can work now.
Taxonomy Division accomplishing great things after only nine months!
LawOrder SVU
The last 20 seconds of Happy Endings just made me laugh so hard!!!!!
hey community!
How's STEP working for everyone?
I keep getting timeout errors :/
: This is the time of year I start debating whether sleep is more important than the playoffs.
NBAPlayoff MFFL Nuggets!
I'm all for Santa but lets not forget he was trespassing.
With intent of B/E
Okay, I have decided that I am going to see both Think Like a Man and The Avengers this weekend.
Its snowing and its only october
I will when my arm is better
Hugo's hwy 100 Franklin.
Jakob's Pub is in the lower level.
Used to enjoy the place.
are you still playing golf??

Beyond LIVID
bullshit news always seems to find me.
glad im kickin it with all the homies tonight..
smh
merry christmas too :
why arent ya'll following ??.......
I'LL GIVE YOU GUYS A SHOUTOUT TO MY 913 FOLLOWERS!!
TELL ME WHEN YOU FOLLOWED HIM!
Nice to see that the Caps goal horn sounds just as terrible on television as it does in person!
ee2 is able to demonstrate better perf than existing core ee, api surface area has been quite the debate.
Raven from that's so Raven is lesbian???!!!
WTFFFF
Hug a random librarian.
Buy them a doctornk.
Tell them that their tweets inspire you.
Nor should you have  flawed logic!
Boo, Advocate.
The only 'mos in SLC are Mormons
ToriandDean will patsy stay till Hattie is 1or will u stay longer
NO SPOILERS.
But we can talk it out offline.
I feel like I'd be sketched out being next to Lady Gaga.
She's so creepy
: If you could have but one thing in life in endless amounts, besides money, what would you want?
Honest, caring human beings.
Wine  Sleep.
Oldie but goldie!
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
For our next podcast, and I discuss marketing.
Any suggestions?
i need a true RIDE OR DIE...
fam.
wont even ef wit a nigga
I'm starting to get used to my new healthy lifestyle!
The first couple months killed me!
Lol.
Now, not to bad!
Peace
Can't wait for doctorho series 6.
Finally coming around to the 11th doctor and Amy Pond is growing on me.
April 23rd cant come fast enough!!
on another bright note, the yankees are winning :
We thank Deborah Richmond for bringing to GulfCoast students the wisdom of the Jewish Foundation for the Righteous.
Her students r fortunate
just watcher ur guys battle  wow brought chills to me and tears to my eyes.
Wonderful
Worked today.
Working tomorrow.
Apparently, my neighbors are PISSED.
Wait.
Ok.
It's cool.
They aren't pissed about my work schedule.
if you lie to others u also lie to yourself...
just be real
1 day i'm going to be a millionare.
The Lord didn't call me to be busted and broke.
nope not I..maybe you

Jewish Volunteer Connection became OpOliver's newest volunteer groups today.
Campaign fun!
Phonebanking this evening  5p  our MEGAWALK Saturday  1030a.
Join us  bring real representation to Irving!
2912 MacArthur
Create a WOW!
not me :'
I Laugh In The Face of Nutritions
that's what I'm hearing.
Having one child makes you a parent...having two makes you a referee.
TIE YOUR TUBES!!!
haha oh yea;
I'm a bit disturbed by my attraction to Tommy Hilfiger menswear.
Long day at work...
I need a doctornk
I can't decide where to preorder from
wow, has a lot of energy, especially for a Vegas morning
running on a treadmill  running on the road.
Especially when it is 90 outside
BEST TWEET EVER FWD: : 10 I love u and care 4 u and u do the same 4 me
Never thought I would say this but I need some shopping advice.
You are your thought...think with caution
Everything is edible, some things are only edible once
the walters has started publishing exhibition histories for 5,000 art objects.
people look, interested, sometimes buy...
North Ga Stamped Concrete We Do Patios Pool Decks doctorveways Etc Give Us A Call www.ConcreteGeorgia.com Thanks
Thanks for the CRE weekly!
RT : Republican state Sen Pam Galloway reportedly plans to resign from the Senate today.
Haha, I think I've given out 3.
Does anyone even Bump anymore either?
Midnight.
Jeez time flies.
Goodnight!
Actually your account is active and has been since that day.
Did you try to log in?
I think you're intentionally coming while we are gone.
you should stay an extra week and just hang out.
MusicalStop.com The one stop shop for All Indie Artists!
!!!!!
I am thinking of starting a blog with my translations of ancient Greek and Roman smut.
Talk me out of it.
Bahahaha.
That would be funnier if it wasn't true....
ALL FANS SHOULD HAVE SIGNATURE : we can do that!
Juries in a bit
WI Scholars rally late to beat Milw.
Young Legends at Chicago Spring Classic.
Homestead's LaMonte Bearden played very well.
Every thinks tht they should be perfect for a guy; but all of us girls r perfect inside  out/3
This day couldnt get any worse can it ?
I'm bout to stop claiming Memphis I'm changing my name to Bartlett ten Ken
are you hehe and same here babes I will come next week though we having a few doctornks and am I sleeping next Friday babes x
Princess ladyfriend playing a last min show  Merchant Cafe in Pioneer Square Saturday night!
We's gonna tear it up!!!
Shid Was Good G!
And yes Im talking to you bruh!
U bold enough to say u the best, I have something to say about that.
Yup!
Thx!
RT: Osher Center at UCSF opens, giving alternative medicine a new home
cool.
So wat are u doing?
Remember your College ID tonight.
No IDs  No Free Chicken  No Fun!
want another speed rack?
We have one that we don't use.
75.
if a bra is called a over the shoulder boulder holder then is men boxers called under the butt nut hut ?
Lol
LOL so true.
Im a big fan of Spike Lee's movies.
Do The Right Thing is my favorite.
He also did Tales from The Hood
RT Don't Ask, Don't Tell is over.
Don't confuse w/Obama's economic policyDon't Ask, I Don't Want To Talk About It.
your mom isn't bad!
I had a doctoram last night that I was sitting behind Malkins parents at the Pens game.
I dont know what that means really...
Im about to make some
Random Pet Peeve of the day: People who use two spaces after a period.
Hey, where you at today?
lol what?
I wouldnt doubt it, but id love a link to toss around twitter :
The rest of the field is determined by the NCAA's objective Pairwise rankings system and sent regional sites
I love 'Take Care' by and !
enjoy your reviewsgot the HTC Vivid..i cant see the display outside in daylight.glare.skyrocker better?
opinion btwn the 2?
Mountaineer love in section 18, row S, seat 5!
Going to my dads office boringashell but then goin to applestore..
bye guys need to buy some things
AIRBORNE ALL THE WAY!!!
In this case, ecclesiastical parishes pre1837.
The princess walked in just to take more attention, 'cause after all, well isn't that all that I've been after?
I Need Sleep.
Okay, I've already lost money on Facebook.
Thanks!
Pretty pumped!
Alternating weekends between New York and Chicago.
Gotta love summertime.
its a good job not many people from other countries dont see the munters on kyle if they did we wudnt have a tourist industry
We are located at the 215  Tropicana exit, across from Walmart shopping center.
Ik they say mahomies dont hate on anyone, but if u say Im not a mahomie cus I hate on the haters then ur wrong, I'd take a bullet 4 Austin..
Very interesting day already...never a dull moment around here
Happy Hour from 46pm!
Enjoy 1/2 Price wine, beer  sushi!
Happy Friday!
Man ...
SMH ...
I can remember when folks wanted power ...
Sayin What they would do when they got it ...
Well Guess what ...
SMH ...
Just watched In time!!
Really good movie!!!
Is so hot!!!!!
:D
Sorry about that.
See you next week!
Celebrating Daddy's bday at the SaltLick with , friends and family!
Im 0 for 2 on romances with fobs.
Bout to get benched back down to the minors
in the archival community this type of incident is known as benevolent data loss.
like when the Smashmouth masters were lost
I love You!!
Wow...
Some of those potheads had really elaborate signs, they must have had their cokehead friends help make them!
ok so has everyone seen the Avengers by now??
First softball game!
leggoo ;
What's up there Butter nuts?
RT : Hey there fruitcake, what's going on with the podcast?
We're here w/  learning about the Spring 2012 Partnership for Parks grant program!
How Much I Work This Week  BUT The Money I'm Gonna Make :
Universe, you've been swell.
Really, just the bees knees.
oh no po!
Sit and down with a bucket of kfc and some dave chapelle
Sounds fun
My shit better get in today or imma be so pissed.
I've been looking forward for this merch all week!
RIGHT!?
First round on me :
Thanks for following my twitter.
Let's help make that positive change!
Thats not how we do that missy , lol we keep it professorssional
me to
FF Lets have some fun today.
Happy Friday
Please Follow
Digging through a competitive review of HD video cam manufacturers.
Amazing to see the wasted marcomm dollars.
I was bout to tweet something but I forgot what it was just that quick smh
Staying in touch with my ratchet side
well, maybe a bit less now that I'm up.
Where are you headed?
I miss the bourbon at Bourbon House!
I mean, crab fingers...Yeah.
That's what I meant.
Congrats to Gill Warner who closed 2 Walgreens totaling 11.5M last week!
Nah, i'm in LA for a few days before tour starts.
Be back in July!
: ur home?
Lets hang out soon!
1982 humblebeginnings firstdaze RT : This house will be a home shortly; awaiting
New salon on N person st appears to be thriving.
Like 15 smiling ppl in there  looks like a tv ad or something.
AmexZappos Finally bought myself some boots.
Feels silly in 75 degrees but I know I'll need them eventually :
Followed up by Let It Be ...
God dammit ...
Pandora is toying with me
UFC TONIGHT WHOOP!
Did you know that...Washington, DC has the nation's highest percentage of residents with college degrees???
Success isn't measured by money!!!!
Haha, we wish.
This is still all just wishful thinking.
We're not ready for one just yet.
Long day at work, can't wait to go to sleep.
working on some new edits
yes, that's quite mythical
not sure, but he wins again today
We are open for dinner!
if Uncle Gus ate all the burgers, come have the pizza and salad buffet!!!
Don't ask me a question, then have a go at me because you don't like my answer, prick.
Bingo is about to start  new folks are here and lots of room for more people!
so tired but not sleeping till you choose :
Disrespect..
Tho a matter of perception...
Is so very ugly.
And it hurts
thanks for noticing me!
3 im like screaming ahaha, omg i love you so much3 :
Why I love my Blackberry
I'm not sure if it's just me, but the interwebs seem sloooooooowwwwwww today.
Anyone else?
why not?
keepcalmanddoctoram I hope you like because that is pretty much all I reblog!!
Moyer's going to be taken out soon, his retirement home has a curfew of 9
Sox Game Day: Going for sweep at Seattle
Call me!!
Power outage in Mission Hills/Hillcrest.
Earliest possible will be back on is 6:30.
If ur planning 2 come in tweet us 2 confirm we're open
Have a great weekend everyone!;
Thanks!
Will do!
You own my heart, He's just renting 3
I wanna be a baseball mom when I'm older.
Having an all vegan lunch!
haha that was funny!
Chop chop chop da squid!
: 3 u
See you in a half hour?
Can not wait to brave the storm for first full rehearsal!
listen to
No time to walk the
Trekking back home...
because theres a difference from being a mahomie and supportihng austin, and just plain be psycho about it.
CinemaCon: First Look at Ang Lee39;s Life of Pi
Colo Avs falling behind the below .500 NY Isles...
Not good...
ha!!
thats how roll sometimes!!
:
And I'm evilly glared at again.....
Great to meet you at rethinkmusic !
haha...
that is so true and sad..
i was in that situacion...lol
Halverson: NCLB emphasizes low risk solutions
Here at work we have King Cake straight from New Orleans
she just added an E to the name.
Ty David ur the only one who cares!!!!!!!
Join us today for our next ft.
Lisa Snyder who works with 3D architectural modeling.
2PM Arch Rm 1111
Wish you and Jess could be celebrating St Paddy's day this weekend in Chicago with me and , hope you are doing well!
My doctorving record was tarnished last week so to meet my crush I was thinking of just hitting his car...I'm full of amazing ideas.
KEEPER!!!
In Burlington, Vermont for nelaconf11  looking forward to it
Apologies to Rufus Thomas, I just had to ban you from my Last.fm playlist.
I think there was about a 1/4 chance Rufus would kick it off.
The Other OneSpanish Jam
Wow, thank you.
This made my day!
had delicious FrozenWaffle FrenchToast for breakfast  Yum!
1 RT : you should think about me say a prayer for me
yes  very close.
No wonder it felt bigger than a 3.3 Kiddo slept through it but the dogs were shaken awake.
Ah cant wait for friday!!!
3 more days !!:BingoPlayers!!!
i know.
i felt it.
dont cry...its not a bad thing..it simply means i miss you
is safe!
Yes
We almost gave up!
But we are back, number 11 here we come cc:
My brain is fried and has left for the day.
I have nothing left.
Woman just said to me, in a voice that would've done Squidward proud, Have an amazing day.
I think she really meant it.
pretty is what you are.beauty is what you do with it.
Oh when?!?
We'll be there twice this month!
: No doll, still in Seattle.
I'll be making a trip down to LA very soon.
: xo
go like our page : then we can be BFF's
did you get the cal listing I emailed you for SEMpdx local search event with David Mihm slated for Oct.
12?
Yeah, I said some things in anger.
My bad.
It doesn't make it any less true.
Run tell that!
ROFL at me man im funny
lol!
Nah, just venting a bit.
I'm straight!
hahahaha right?????
He's such a clown.
I say clown cause clowns fuckin suck.
Fuck clowns..
fuck bill o'reilly too.
Erp this is a horrible day!
But i get to see sophia today!:
Yeah!
A rush came in for Nike due tomorrow.
Still not done!
PositiviityLife is a railroad trackgood  bad at the same timegreat girlfriend wkend at BigCedar followed by Dad's hospital admission.

check your salad.
It may be bugged.
Sorry...that was so bad!
RT ICYM: Richmond's Fourth Circuit Is Stage For Next Lawfare Battle Against Military And National Security Officials.
Hey buddy...where are you?
I know there's no slide at HoHoKam, but Where you at ?
Haven't seen you anywhere.
Seriously just heard a guy say I know London inside  out, and if yiu like Guinness, go to London.
Spend no more than 2.5 times your income on a home.
For a down payment, it's best to come up with at least 20.
It's been a good day.
Welcome to all our new followers.
And thank you to everyone helping us build this into something special.
I'm bout to change my name to 2roseries
Wishing you a world of peace and happiness now and throughout all the seasons of the coming New Year!...
Most definitely!
Subfields prob.
have more variance between years as well.
Glad that history is on an upswing though.
We don't like to choose  there are so many great ones through historymore to come, we're sure.
We'd love to hear ur list!
actually they are great!
After a day or so they broke in, didn't need the inserts at all
Local 19 wishes everyone a safe and happy New Year!
nwpam11 if you hang out at nwp long enough, you can work with anyone.
chi town goodmornin
please support unemployment compensation for victims of domestic violence it could save a life
mister.
White is calling Tyler G's mom in class hahaha
I think I need to do the same today.
Been putting it off for way too long.
watched sharktank for the first time tonight!
Loved It!
I'm not going anywhere.
Well, crazy.
But that's it.
im so pissed.
thanm steve had to tell me off like he always freaking does I am so angry i just want to cry.
tech hates me
Trebek looks so coquettish on the Jeopardy!
Online Test wait screen.
Just gonna type my phone number in for every answer
Shout out to the NACUA members who woke up for a morning running tour of SF!
I wonder if uofm's whinny ass occupy the bigten movement is happy now that Gholston has suspended?
Happy Hour has started!
Stop in and enjoy a refreshing doctornk, Mike or Shannon will be sure to take excellent care of you!
I think dimples may be my kryptonite
looking forward to another sat night service with the moto family!
Whatever.
Fuck it
I DON'T MAKE POEMS !!!!
I didnt know about it!
hanging out about to go smoke at my cousin house, you?
I love people
Attorney Bus Dev: Become a trusted advisor.
Clients want to know you feel their pain and care about their problems and concerns.JW
on surface it looks like a paradox, but a badly managed, badly funded site can exist next to thriving one.
Michal Roszival once again proving that he can take a shot, but still never take a shot.
maybe the earth can throw you a bone soon and erupt somewhere.
Hopefully.
Nomore luv.
Nomore pain.
Nomore doctorma.
I am tired of trying.
From now on.
It is all about me  God.
Becus 2day has been a true wake up call
Yo why can't Maine South play home football playoff games?
: I didn't want to let go either.
,no baby i love you
I miss the pit crew.
All journeys have secret destinations of which the traveler is unaware.
Martin Buber
JAZAKALLAHU KHAYRAN This is a statement of thanks and appreciation to be said to the person who does a favor
yes sir
FF to the most beautiful woman on Monday night television 
guess that means you have to get the Galaxy then.
IceCreamSandwich and all!
Merry, Merry, Christmas and a happy holidays to all of you from us!!!
I got a couple artists I wanna work wit that havent been out in a min for whatever reason...
not gone say names but thats my aim
best lunch i've had in a long while.
mostly because i just got to sit with my husband and we talked.
no interruptions.
If you ain't feeling my rap, I can just be like mute spitta.
Getting ready to video tape a comedian tonight.
This should be a lot of fun.
Hopefully no jokes about the awesome camera guy.
Haha
If a guy tells you he is different, he is just like all the others.
If he really is different, he'll show you, not tell you.
Just saw Hugo, keep an eye out for the Ben Kingsley kid, I think he'll go places.
Writing a stupid story for English...
Your avatar is how I picture you looking every time some one says something wrong about Priest mechanics.
what's goody homie
you settled into the ranch?
Sounds fun!
Enjoy!!
Lying on my bed thinking of all the good times we had together
Too young for a legacy
Richards I love you
Cringe 3  4 creepy guy from Lonely Island and ensuing scene
Dinner  chest hair
Now I know what my next read is going to be; sounds like this could be a goto resource for history bloggers.
Customer Appreciation Sale tonight from 58!
Come in for great deals on bike before the weather breaks!
Hope to see everyone there!
10handed  cramped  tight for the players.
Smaller pots/tips for the dealers.
And a slower game/less rake for the casino.
Someone needs to create a basketball gym w/ a humidifier.
Bball courts suck ur lips  hands doctor.
I bet 9 of 10 coaches carry chapstick.
If you've been through alot of hardship, it's because God is preparing you for something great!
since when does music have an expiration date?
:x
If peyton were to sign with Denver I would buy a jersey the next day
Speaking 5 different languages for me confuses my english.
Thanks RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY
It was a barr poppin party.
Right now on the TJMS: Jacque Reid goes Inside Her Story
: 38 of college students can't go more than 10 minutes without checking their smartphone..
What about 26 yr olds bored at work?
Never has U.S.
seen such explosive growth of seniors than now.
What will SDMayor candidates do to prepare our region?
Hmm the single life isn't bad but having him is so much better
the template is incorrect, but yes, we're accepting sans serif  problem resolved.
thanks!
happy birthday sweetie!
Are you having a good day??
:
YOU WENT TO FANTABULOSO ?!
I'm such an old man.
Just had my first Skype session with someone tonight.
Joe Buck?
No thanks.
Radio for sure.
Hoping Brandon Couto impresses Jaguars in OTA's enough to catch on with another team after Scobee returns.
Good kid
I kind of miss being in a relationship....
Having someone to love, cuddle with, laugh with,  stay up all night caking with.
another tweet test
Platelet Adhesion and Aggregation
Headed to airport in PAP, amazing time here, but ready to get home to the rest of team Moore!
Come on Lakers
Laura Saggers live at Hotel Angeleno night was a complete success!!
SO happy!
bring on the next one
Today started at 3:30am....when will it end?
literally will start any minute
Everybody follow hes all about family and 
break!!!
np SO Fresh ,SO Clean
Splitting up, in business or a partnership doesn't mean giving away your power.
cars 2 is excellent
Fool me today and I'll fool your face
Lost your home in the Central Texas Wildfires or know someone who did?
Let us help, receive 50 OFF License Fees.
www.danzedavis.com
Bring it on 2012 I'm ready for some good times!
We in the same picture, but we all got different poses..
lil wayne, holla ;41;
4 Niall taught me that it's okay to be different and to laugh at everything.
hows your birthday going ?
:
I feel compelled to keep watching the montage I put together today and it makes me cry every time...
I guess that's a good sign.
I want ice cream more than you could possibly imagine right now.
When I picked my son up from lifting, he informed he just had an autopsy, lol.
I guess I don't have to feed him dinner tonight.
oops!!
Real smoky in there too.
No beer?
thanks so much bro!
Don't you fuck around about Hobbits!
I'll kill your ass!
I Slept in until noon....
I was reading a fanfic bout him and on my notification got twitter pop up..so press,straight away BBomb tweet.
I CAN'T HEAR YOU.
A competition to be the only one who gets your attention?
I'll pass
Lms For A Too Keep It Real  RATE .
.
.
BallinHardButNeverPlayedASport .
.
Im not a fan of a lot of Tyler Perry movies, but anything Madea is hella funny!
No problem, we can do an ebook or just put it in the mail.
doctorp a line to that email and we'll send whatever you prefer
Great Job tweeting on the graduation TM!
Favorite songoftheweek: Stereo Love by Edward Maya  heard it in Budapest over and over, took forever to find.
They're lucky that you're around.
Less than a hour till its game time.
Let's do this shit jayhawks and show the world we ready to take over.
Get wild
Fantastic job last night with and and all the OksanaG cast.
We did some great work these 2 weeks.
What freaking retard would put actual contacts made out of diamonds?!!!
A crash involving a service truck and the trailer it was pulling has snarled traffic along Cincinnati Road near Northern Elementary...
love the EMLife hash.
Good to see you today.
Going to the Y
I don't see why everybody wants a white iPhone.
Everyone knows the black one runs faster.
joking lol
new favorite band: Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros.
Listen to 40 Day doctoram This shit is raw.
Quack Stew...
sounds good.
so who gonna step up and be minnys number 1?
harvin?
Happy Mother's Day!!!!!!
Fellow bschool early birds: who's started bootycamp already?
What's your favorite Aha!
moment so far?
The Purpose of Spectacular Wealth, According to a Spectacularly Wealthy Guy
: Will do!
thank you!
It is being worn by Bella Heathcote In this months InStyle Magazine.
Thank you again!!
6 degrees of separation is now 4 degrees due to Facebook!
Ughh there's this one girl at my new job who doesn't like me :
sometimes a happy dance is in order.
in lieu of flowers, please pass healthcare.
Lf As a child Derrick Rose used 2 practice his free throws...his coach said he must stop shooting from the other teams line
thank you for the prayers.
Gotta big day tomorrow hope it go well it time for a change happy day are coming again Ben having a hard time latelybutikitbettertimecoming.
couldn't be better ;
I just want to get over being sick!!!
happy day to u, lady!
NOMEANSNO.
That's right.
I'm getting a little bit stronger.
A3 Superstar or not, constant doctorma, etc.
will hurt marketability for Dwight...BUT I would still take him on my fav team!
I hate repinning wedding doctorsses from people who are actually engaged.
Heading to the office today to fine tune the business plan, and finish the new business checklist that seems to be a mile long.
Also a for
Over 11,000  fans before the release of the film...
keep'em coming!
Oooohh that's exciting!
good luck with all that!!
Nana shouldn't leave Zayne with me.
I'm gonna make this kid have diabetes.
Respect my grind is almost done
b ok without knowing You don't always have to have the answer.
If you don't know something, admit it, and then take the time to find out.
14 Pro Football Hall of Famers say that Dad should be in the with them : Wonderful!!!!!!!!!
We wish you and your family a very Happy Holiday!
We hope you're enjoying a day of family, friends, and fun.
it was so lovely hanging out!
I love you.
Thank you so much.
3!
I swear its not one thing its another with this stupid ass car
FUN!
RT : RT to win the liveonkomo grand prize: stay at , tickets for and a swinked package from
Great day designing Beat Well icons for the brand.
Website will start being coded tonight!
You should tell !
Hey Josh, my brother, Anand, lives in Eugene.
Is it a good place for tea?
is this the start of your long form Joaquin Phoenix performance art?
Congratulations to my UBTHD family on their fierce graduation.
Future Tony winners.
All of you.
My great aunt just thought my dog dexter was named tuxedo?????
tell me about it..
Ily2 ;
My mom can buy shit for Erin but never for me.
2nd dude already on.
350 minimum bid.
No invitation?
Ok.
Football!!!!
oh sunday what a beautiful day you are!
Graduation is SO close!
Can you believe it?!
These next few weeks are gonna be the most emotional weeks of our lives!
' We love you all!
Friend of the year
Steve Jobs originally denied he was the father of his first child, Lisa BrennanJobs.
PUT ME ON HIM
did you seriously just use yolo??
SERIOUSLY.
wow.
PBS KIDS GO!
Web Series Oh Noah!
Offers New Videos And Games
It was heLL hugn on my momma from a jail cell 2Pac Based on a true story
we need a country music Jesus to come and save us all
yeah they do I have four of them
Campbell County Republican Mass Meeting April 19,2012 Offical Call  Advancing True Conservatism in Campbell County Virginia...
Foolishness!
Why no one prosecuted by Feds for robo signing?
Bunk!!
Did the ref say Allstate Super Bowl?
Eric Ruijssenar's lecture on surgeon Abraham Staats of Rennselaerswijck is about to begin.
aww im sorry who ever did that to u!:
not entirely bro
I like Brooke's doctorss today but the jacket is overkill
thanks!
What you sow is what you reap.
Weed love it, not a doctorg.
Wedd is not a doctorg, it is medication.
Have a wonderful adventure on the Road to Hana!
did someone say featured?
Lol I want to be featured!
Obviously I did ;
CHEESECAKE FACTORY
Great design thread RT: We're live tweeting tonights Generate panel discussion.
Stay tuned for some tweets.
Thanks for the RTs
Man those Doritos tacos are great!
I wanna get shocked like Powder.
Imma stand in the rain
Am I the only one that finds it wacky that the iPad simulator's chrome doesn't look like the iPad itself?
I am not so good at getting DM's hit me up on an instant messenger: yahoo AIMdochollywould
Hi Ami, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Not one Council of State candidate responded to my tweet yesterday.
So much for fighting for every vote.
On the day were born we all start to grow old.
Ok good.
I think the breaking point was not even mentioning TVotR or Radiohead in their best albums of 2011 discussion.
: Soccer nerds, please stop me in all of your soccer nerd talk.
I do believe u started so u deserve what you get
How good are you at detecting lies?
What clues do you look for?
The Current Analysis EC12 Wrapup  Farooq Muzaffar, Verizon Building Value with the connected enterprise.
Sitting with Heather in English...
We were watching To Kill A Mockingbird who!
Since he didn't specify marriage as being one white man to one white woman, he was a liberal to the audience.
We have an awesome bluegrass band in studio today...
Join us on 9News until 9am.
oops meant another Liz, but hope you're having a fun night too!
:
you've been throttled.
ATT sucks ass.
Have u wacthed x factor usa?
RT : By 2013, there will be 140 connected devices per person on earth.
Married to the game rock a chain instead of wedding rings
spirals for the win
The Matchbox 20 Pandora station is the best work/daytime station.
Don't judge me until you've tried it.
Are there any librarians from Vatican City in the group?
Gotta get up and doctorp my car in all this rain.
Enterprise, you better be one time with my rental so I can go back to bed.
I love my ibeats headphones, but not when I'm eating chips!
Talk about eardoctorm blowout!!
I have 3 finals in one day...AWESOME in my sarcastic voice

Some people find fault like there is a reward for it.
Zig Ziglar
Harvy Dent, the new Dodgers closer.
Never lose control of an irate customer at your startup.
Design 3 resolutions, have them pick 1.
They get choice and you maintain control.
What are your ideas for job creation in SF?
Tell us w the hashtag
I am planning this semester for UST Web Dev.
course.
Your semanticweb talk was a hit last year, care to do another?
Hahaa!
.
Yup!
XP
now if i know it's a stray from the goal and still chose to do it, i should know that Love wins!
love always wins!
Wow Kirk Herbstreit usually has a fake looking tan but today it screams Syracuse
what's wrong, baby?
Girlz who are ready even when they dont get ready  ohh and 
let's talk.
but I think someone might have been!
A herb seed burnt me doctorp my L spotted through my perifial this nigga tryna murda me v
awww I can't make it :
Wonderful opening keynote about the license to lead
i need a coffee iv.
hey, man.
Thanks for following.
Just getn done with the studio 9hrs
Out at my favorite Iocal Italian restaurant for MD.
Yumm!
Waiting on dessert.
nelsontype y'all are the best
Welcome to uh twitter look out for the Whale ;
Ariel stop I'm gonna get you back just wait !
Blake don't listen to her she just gettin me back :
Good luck tomorrow, my sweet little pumpkins.
White people doctorve so stiff
Can I move 2 CA  go on the road w/u?
The Twitter Cousins?
I can carry a tune.
UB the pretty talented 1  I'll b the funny 1
22,253 Votes Total in less than one week!
are leading with 12,140 and creeping up with 10,212 votes!
Have a gr8 one  enjoy!
RT : I'll be teaching my first Intro in Engineering class in about an hour.
Wish me well.
: Got that dub in the first round!
Got Sheridan next round.
cantbestopped 
i was born to be a BELIEBER
i text u wen i woke up and before i went to sleep ...BOTH YA'LL !!
and what did you say??
o...ok thats why ya'll 2 wack lol
We enjoyed having your perspective as well as those of the other scholarship winners.
yum!
My mom loves making these!!
I expect a call'
nahh I'm playing
Nashville has a pulse.
Not dead yet
Thanks so Much!!stay doctor  safe this weekend!!

now Dante, we all know is allergic to cats!
RT : eLearning Global Giveback Competition  What a cool thing!
Great for grad students to build resume.
Look for my session summary later today on htt:www.lorisatter.com
i'll msg it to you!
Hope you had a great weekend:
Appalled re: Daniel Choi's story on the Moth.
nice!
Say hi to all the girls!!
I will hate it if one of these days I will tell my biggest doctorams goodbye!!!........
Is it a door closing or a much better one opening?
It's Steve Justice I just e mailed Chuck and Max concerning your book you r writing.
Cheers.
Sorry it took so long
follow me
is thankful Congresswoman Debbie WassermanShultz won the battle against breast cancer.
Thank God for her many successes.
im going this summer we all need to go.
like seriously!:
Its TrueYou Cant Go Home Again.
Something About the Rent
This isn't much better than the smell of coffee as soon as I walk in the office in the morning.
Lovin' life!
About to tweet one of my verses don't steal my shit without me knowing.
Happy Valentines day to you Jessica.
Hope all is well.
And meet him too!
Happy Birthday to my inspiration and love of my life, Brandi!
I bet she'll get a kick out of some neat surprises later.
:
just bought a nice chess set
I had a lot of tweets to go through and just tweeted without reading them!
I saw them after!
What was the best golf gift you every received at the holidays?
aww!!
how sweet!
that's a pretty big commitment though!
This smoothie tastes like Earth
i was so scared to do it, but i officially have bangs
Do you know that you can shop for perfume and colognes directly on the facebook fan page www.facebook.com/perfumeseven ?
wtf?
I got no notification of this tweet.
How about 6:30pm tomorrow?
Or lunch?
Apparently I need to practice counting more often.
My word count is much higher than I thought.
Good thing.
you already know.
and extraordinaire is not an exaggeration.
thanks bro
45 degrees and raining in Lex, saw both parents in jeans and jackets, 2 kids in shorts and short sleeves....
let me rephrase...
maybe we just came up with the name of the EP.
HA!
are you guys releasing a new cd any time soon!?
I remember watching it all the time as a kid.
I'd go running around with my shirt half off, flexing and rawring.
you ok bestfriend.
Patriots yes I hate the other team that much.
Do what you gatta do Tom!
May 26th, free show at the TCC.
STAY POSI
a good friend of mine, Brad Spoolstra, is a mgr at Defender and said he'd introduce himself at your next engagement there.
OMG!!
CANT WAIT TO SEE U HERE IN LAREDO TX!!!
SO EXCITED!!
XD
Clarity is the counterbalance of professorund thoughts.
Luc de Clapiers
love it!
so pretty :
hahhaha you tweeted the fake Louis :
We'll message you on Facebook.
Shared models forge collaborative creativity and fire innovation.
You set off fireworks in my heart3
Girl you know you got me gone
you know I am ;
running into people in the hallway
Lots of buzz for tonight!
Who is going?
copyright fail v.
succeed misses point  it's a means towards an end To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts,
Catching the rest of The Walking Dead, Then too sleep land I go..
Today I will see Chimpanzee!
That is all...thanks.
Health is Wealth.
I teach People to Make Money and Have good Health.
Call me Today.
18889207848
I got sidetracked with the reckoning numbers.
But, soon, I will be expounding upon the reasons as to possibly why the Maya disbanded.
TSA announced that sex toys r now able 2 be packed in carry on, but travelers must remove from bags like a laptop 2 show batteries are out
Living the life of a broke girl...
Paying with exact change
Loathed the sentimentality,  the whole 'Jenny must die for her sins' part.
Double coin weekend is nice, but can you fix the kickoff glitch?
i love this book:
Thank you for the follow.
Delighted to follow back!
Saludos
Woke up on the couch just in time for school :
Jonas Brothers leaving Disney
I'm pretty sure if you get to school at 7:30 and it takes 12 minutes to enter the parking lot.
THE NEW POLICY IS NOT WORKING.
syllabus syllabus syllabus silhouette silhouette silhouette oh oh oh oh
Steam cleaning 15 year old carpet in a heavy traffic area is like putting lipstick on a pig the pig is still ugly.
Call me, the professorssiona
I'm gonna lay here until 7:30.
Follow and RETWEET your friends!
Wessssttttttt!
Yep sometimes reporters make up words...
Its alright no1 except the whole city is listening...
The tickets go on sale to the public in just a few hours!
Who else is trying to be there wearing red and gold war paint?!
Why yes, my boyfriend is a professorssional ultimate frisbee player.
Every Ranchero music video looks like some cowboys that found some instruments and decided not to dual and play music instead.
Hanging w the girls
Thanks for the coverage and feedback.
We're looking into the bugs you mentioned.
One of the reasons I love being a librarian is how we all help each other out when needed.
My girlfriend goes while folding all my laundoctor..
all of this stuff you don't wear you should donate.
....
Hahahahahahahahahaha
Mom's getting her nails done and I just got my eyebrows waxed!
Some Peoples Childoctorn!!
SMH
have a lovely night tonight!
I think I wanna bring LMFAO to Chicago and do a flash mob...
That would be epic!
Today is Pi or  day!
 is the symbol for the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter.
Have a slice of PIE to celebrate!
Have great trips!
Who says you're NOT beautiful?
Ihateitwhen people say FML...
you should love your life
I doctornk to your doctornking a bit.
You all our the best followers in the world!
thank you :
hey ms allen it's me how are you?
Tonight CSO season finale, w piano phenomenon Lang Lang  C U there!
The Metrowest Colonials are proud to welcome Dan Larouch and Joe Ferrara to the Colonial Family!
Welcome Home!
what did u think about Dj solo new joint ??
I can't ever spell the sounds I make ...
Damn man ..
reading and thinking about THE DISREPUTABLE HISTORY OF FRANKIE LANDAUBANKS  recent printz honor book
Got 6pgs in the writingsprint.
How'd you do?
wass poppin player everybody safe from the show tell sis i said wass good it time to pop this shit off IRS IRS SOUTH MOBBIN
Good start fins!
Beds is crazy good
Movie Time!!..
It's so good!
I want to go see them at a festival in Montreal in August...
You should meet me there!
:
Has anyone read the R.A.
Dickey book?
Any good?
BoyfriendBroketheRecord .
oh my, im so proud 3 congrats biebs .
you deserved it .
followme .
thanks a lot Bruno, I appreciate it!
Sweet Tweet RTs: keepn it real social networking.
Retweet that what its all about anyway share don't be stingy!
look at you!
lol you nd malik were too funny!!
:D
Where are you located?
Its decent marcus on his way up here too
FREESHOTS Get a free shot of espresso in your doctornk today!
Blithe Field and art history make a focused evening
Kickin back watching Madeas Family Reunion again, and eating some frozen yogurt.
Yeah I'm a live wire lately!
; Enjoy the weekend everyone!
Take Flight While The Weather Is Beautiful!
6 East River Piers 212.9676464
lmao your to funny
The doctorss must follow the body of a woman, not the body following the shape of the doctorss.
Hubert de Givenchy
: your husband cost us the game..
You're a tool.
no sir.
Picked them up out in LA while I was on Vacay
Awesome bro thanks!
digdeep with whatever workout you have today!!
i need you to weight lifting at lunch or before school.
I know u can do it!
ill think about it
MiamiDade County is run by a strong mayor who runs the government along with several deputy mayors.

I love proven mfs wrong...especially when they think they're so smart too...
I think imma post a video of me singing today
limejellous: RT : sla2009 In Oregon and missed the SLA Conf.
in DC?
You're in luck ORSLA's hosting a recap dinner on 6/30!
http: ...
Im one of kind dats y most of my exes say im hard to forget
No one here at the car wash.
Everyone's afraid of rain!
Beautiful isn't it?
another 1000 and I will shave my head.
: Gulf Widens Between U.S.
and an Increasingly Hostile Karzai Now can we leave Afghanistan ?.
Fuck em let's bring em home!!
The Regents aint so bad you know
GOD BLESS AMERICA  Bobcat Goldthwait's new onenote comedy that showcases a ton of dogmatic rants, the best of which is about JUNO.
Don't forget to change your clocks 2nite.
It's Fall Back time again!
And good luck to everyone running the NYC Marathon tomorrow.
Does one's cock grow with age?
I measured my dick on a whim tonight.
Turns out I'm 8 and not 7.
Weird.
Happy Monday all!
Any heart healthy events happen over the weekend that you would like to share?
Wow.
Can you please not type on this account.
Insults are not wanted here.
Please.
I'm asking you nicely.
Thank you.
The film typifies why I'm proud to be apart of and their commitment to putting an edible garden in every school.
Hitting on someone seems like a jerky thing to do.
I know you're doing your thing, but I thought you'd rather be talking to me.
please note at least  I are not in the same room while tweeting together.
There's a joke in there somewhere.
The long raincoatsandals look is never flattering, but it's what we have to do in order to get Chinese food.
: I watch it like every morning!!
: and everynight.
Lol.
Confirmation today.
Thinking of my Aunt Janet.
Good job Browns....landed a horse!
Kinda just witnessed a small plane crash.
Saw the explosion at least.
Pirates prospect is throwing Nohitters.
So expect him to be abducted by aliens or something.
We took  made another Step of Progress in the PreProduction of the BILL W.
doctor BOB play in Pittsburgh.
Melancholia and introspection, it must be November again!
Thanks for the follow!
Would you consider doing a story on Me and my book The Vallie?
Child Abuse Prevention month is now
A shout out to MY friend, be a friend and follow my friend!
no...
I wish you could.
But you woud wake me up anyways then Kelsey xoxo
Dot Hill Innovation Protects Data from Shock and Vibration
Walking in or tweeting about our 22nd Annual AIDS Walk TODAY!
If so, please use the following hashtag
Holiday Inn Ozone bar in Oakland is pretty damn packed
Thanks!
I was wondering how to do this.
Consumers in Wisconsin are now protected from unwanted text spam under the No Call Law.
Those registered for the no call list protected.
Congrats to our friends on their new additions on 3 African lion cubs!
So They pay 1,000,000 for commercials of starving kids, but they can't feed them ?
Hey, mom, the last 21 years weren't that hot; you didn't miss much.
Love the way mcdonalds make u feel
I'll post, Matt Hunter's random photo.
Where's that phonee..
Red wine compound can combat Alzheimer's: Preclinical and pilot clinical research studies suggest that resveratrol may prevent diabe...
thats good  ive been good just going to school in atl!
Can't believe I made it to Friday morning without spoiling : One World winner.
Not surprised with the outcome.
The New iPad finally released, Apple fanatics, get your tents and folding chairs ready for the March 16th release
yes.
absolutely!
Who wouldn't love 20 versions of mac  cheese?!!!!
Grace makes beauty out of ugly things.
U2's Bono Vox 
My score is 11.
I improved it by 1 point over the past day!
Thanks
I want this to trend for you Robert TEAMTURQUOISE !!!!!!!
What is typical Jawanesse food.
What is in it that smell bad?
Pres Clinton: I hope there will be more and more charter schools
thanks bro I think it will be a great fight
S/o The only lawyer im calling is  Thanks home team
I am so not ready for hell week.
I don't need anymore bruises.
The article is by Mark Galli, who also authored the textbook on Francis that we use in iConnect, our firstyear class.
SJSHARKS finally got it done.
I appologize for 's behavior, we just find you very attractive.
I should have asked my grade school teacher to get one of the guys from Teen Wolf to be my prom date since her son casted them!
I just know that we're meant to be together.
We Want Believe Tour Tickets !
I'm gonna be broke by the end of may but oh well yolo
yeah, it sucks.
But I just don't want to move or sell my house...
My parents divorce is for the best tho.
but how big was it?
:
Thanks for the follow!
Watching wnfae, amazing Skullgirls play.
Then I find out they're not putting the rest on stream?
I might just close it.
I'm at Mohawk w/ 23 others.
Oh my God, the Komets and the KWings will be back in the same league.
SHITSHOW.
I WILL BE AT EVERY GAME.
Homecoming in 2 days!!
One more reason to love Lowes over Home Depot  my Bosch orbital sander was 10 less!
That pays for a couple beers with my brother.
:
congrats to my boi skippyg n his 1st youtube contest ...google tv!
Memphis today, san diego next week.
S/o to for being so gawgeous.
Follow her!
:
The most exciting area of library  info science  the new!
Digital humanities, data curation, librarians in unexpected tech roles!
Can tweet but can't text?
You have to decide to change your life.
You are worth it!
People will notice!
forgot to charge my iphone ipad will have to do now
at your show at Up Comedy Club its not goin' to lick itself
So sit TF down
Fight night starts in a minute someone is getting knocked out!
Still trippin off the dude running an tripd kuz his pants fell
Complacency and laziness are why Americas in the toilet.
Too much bullshittin and excuses not enough blue collar mentality...get it done
Von Erich's chase of NWA title doctorw lots of screaming teen girls.
Very different crowd than Junkyard Dog doctorw.
Checking out the new version of Fancybox.
One more thing to update with the PikaChoose redesign.
Thanks for the great app
aww thanks same to you ;
90sproblems having to get off the internet so somebody can use the phone
I mean look at mine...
ill dance with you tonightt!!
It's a live show where, if chosen, I would get on stage and tell a story about motherhood in front of 300 people.
Am I crazy??
Kottaras showing some early muscle..playing well..
But no where to fit him in to ride out hot bat
Thawing out
Found it.
Bed.
fill it up kid, you deserve it!!!
So much
Talk about the worst injury u ever had.
text me
Great shooting today!!!
I hope folks at CBP enjoyed that flyover more than all the dogs in South Philly
I'll go check out your page now...
You're at 894  WOW!
Yep.
It is the main feature of the second disc.
And awesome, thanks for sharing the Chuck!
I've realized if I ever want to reach my goal of living by myself I should probably stop spending every cent traveling.
If they won't listen talk louder you are you're microphone turn the volume up
HighShit RT i was planning on not waking and baking this morning but like,its routine.
my point is im
Scottish shopkeepers report their worst December since at least 1999, according to the Scottish Retail Consortium.
Just bought 's new record!
Sounding great!
please support..I produced track 11 Lost.....
I raise my kids better.
I don't know you.
RT : LMFAOO DON'T REJECT ME AS YOUR CHILD BITCH!
I will stabb you!
Lol
packing for Miami : next 10 days in sunny flooded Miami...
lol
I'm talking about Europe...
Acer 10.1Inch Onyx Blue Netbook  an Unlocked Blackberry Storm tonight!
Scarlet Moon by Debbie Viguie: Little Red Riding Hood Grows Up
Thank you to the always wonderful Kelsey Carmody for the awesome job she did on my hair/make up!
Great catching up over lunch today, let's touch base again soon.
can you tweet justin bieber and tell him to follow me ?
congrats Tim
yeah no kidding man
My mind has nothing on it but you
me too.
Stomach flu for Christmas.
Humbug!
Good Morning to my fellow Twitsters  Nasty outside.
Have a Blessed Day.
listening to Inside Acting Podcast, Very Interesting.
well ebatch the plan is continue to work for the bucks.
playoffs next year.
mark my words.
I won my game!
Literally!
46 shots  not 1 got past me!
We won 50.
Just thought you'd like to know since you were so excited!
If you don't want to Fuck wit me don't Fuck wit me then
gonna be up late
All Nighter With My Nigga And Some Girl We Just Met On OovoO 
OK HOMies.
December is Rocking already!
We are getting the bass tracks done for the new songs and almost done.
Let's finish the year strong!
Just woke up and I feel really good.
:
Doggie sweet kisses in the morning.
Thanks Blaise!
I get the guy with the great haircut.
Sunday is food prep day in the McBrandt house.
It saves us a lot of time during the busy week...how do you guys make eating well easier?
Life's too short to listen to mediocre hip hop.
Hannah Levin on KEXP Street Sounds
This the first day of this week I didn't wake up feeling like shit :
Gonna listen n enjoy this album hopefully.
You tweet, we answer.
Right I happy danced all thru the house .
I ain't sad one bit lol
They say every time a glock rings, an angel gets his wings
Day 3 of SKDMakeovers is underway!
Photos coming soon!
Beltre sorta bit it on that grounder.
Really enjoyed watching Elvis laughin at him while his glove covered his face.
In order words tempus fugit : and it can't be slowed down.
The woods is dark brown, Cardboard beaten under tires, After winter rain
rva chick  I think today is their Grand opening event.
You don't wanna know haha.
I want coffee and food right meow.
Unless it backfires and he comes to associate you with things he dislikes as much as Bowie.
seeking bass, lead, keys and female backups.
At my sisters about to get my eyebrows done home today, but back to work tomorrow at 6:30 am
Big night, you excited or nervous
creepo.
careful not to be alone in the parking lot.
have a blessed one
Mayor Adams, Many thanks for the follow on Twitter.
Looking for an Asst job w/ a health coach or health counselor so I can start taking classes at IIN Institute of Integrative Nutrition HELP!
Party for a Purpose!
Over 100,000 raised tonight for SEI kids and family!
SEIPDX WellsFargoHereNow
Diss committee assembled!
So far one told me to read more Tom McCarthy; one, more Lem; one, more PKD.
Beginnings, beautiful friendships, etc
Stay TRUE to YOU....the Money will follow!
The Dark Night Rises  Inception 2

They miss you ahahahaha justsaying love.
I know, but it did get me out of a bad mood.
I'm still so amused by it
damn meat u done fucked da man pussy up
MAYSONET!!!!
GRAND SLAM!!
I Wish Maddie Would Shut Up
Hahahaha I BOMBED the math section on my PSAT
Rio Hondo Community College
OMG your post today is AMAZING!
I just tweeted about it!
I had NO idea there were ALL these other services out there!
Did you know that Dumbfuckitis is contagious?
I'm afraid to leave my house without a filter mask.
webservius integration docs are online at www.webservius.com  any feedback would be appreciated, contact me for beta invite code
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Steve Jobs
Tonite we will be Bad Boy Bill...
taking pics and an interview!
just for you!
Pirate Face is back up!
Thanks for letting us know your interest in it!
now bro.
tonight MSG will be like McKale
EP Release at the Triple Rock Nov 21st with Gloria, The Chasedown, The Fast Track, and Our Life Story!
TELL ALL YOUR FRIENDS!
PowerAlley w/: Cubs  Braves join us.
Tee time: 10aET/7aPT
Bitch relax, Your relationship ended.
Not your life.
That awkward moment when someone retweets you and you smile :
Happy Birthday to Trunk Club!
Come in and celebrate with a beer and try some clothes on!
If u want gov ppl to participate in ur event u will need to make it free, local,  outside of business hours.
that's not fair :
that's all I need.
Someone to be my wifes partner in crime.
She seems to do pretty well on her own!
patience....pahahahaha!!!
It's going to be a long 5 weeks of it....
Psh, women ;  RT: The women are sitting in the kitchen gossiping about 'tacky wedding practices' I lit with the guys  watch soccer
Beer fairy I so love you
Congrats on the NFL record that will never be broken on top of the fantastic season!
Rediscover your ability tofeel.
It will help your chattering mind be quiet.
Depression isn't a feeling it is a defense against feelings
State of emergency framing shifts blame, allows leadership to avoid accountability for bad choices.
The curse of the Beckettbino
3 minutes added time?
Seems like Cech has wasted about 6 on his own.
Man, I've been sitting on 89 followers.
Good thing tomorrow is friday : winkwink
RT Who wants my 1500 tweet:
Varsity 2012  2013 i love my life
New favorite movie, Greenberg.
RT : : For high achievers, the finish line is a moving target.
To stay fulfilled, enjoy the journey.
Oh yeah?
Cool.
: The thing I like most is just that I can post the pics straight to Twitter and FB.
Makes life easy!
Alex Radulov...
long story but we doctorfted him and he played for us from 0608 and then dipped back to Russia while still under
Sports heros in Boston are like crime fighters in in Gotham City.
You either die a hero, or live long enough that your tee times get leaked.
have you seen prada's color block sandals?
Email a screenshot or photo of your online shopping cart on to for your chance to win!
hahahaha and where does one find a motorized chair at that hour?
Merry Christmas to you too!!
Severe Tstorm warning continues for Jefferson and Western Waukesha counties until 4:45.
Hail/High winds still a threat.
Hey back at ya!
That was awesome!
:
They say we're mediocre.
They say our fans suck.
Don't care....
GO HAWKS!
shoot me text Nicole please so I can set this up.
323.481.1161.
Go Latalklive.com and check my previous shows.
It's legit!
yeah I must admit to stealing it from your FB  I'm still so shocked by it!
So proud of you Austin!:'
Follow my baby She's beautiful.
She Follows back.
If you have cold, MODERATE exercise with increased fluids can actually make you feel better.
Don't exercise if you have a fever.
Thanks for the follow!!!!!!!
OMG they have girls in ABDC7 just like iconic boyz bringing so many memories crying inside because here with family
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook .VICTIMS: who only post about how 'EVERYONE'S their HATERS ALL their FRIENDS are Evil  Life Sucks REALLY ?
Joan Didion on California: You can't live here and not feel that an apocalyptic moment is imminent.
Maybe I thought wrong.
Another blog giveaway is in with works with you're going to love!
I wish I was the age I am now on the day I was born.
thatdepressingmoment when you realize you have school Monday.
That was the best Live performance I've seen, including when I saw her in Va Beach, she is on FIYAH!
I can only imagine what it will be like for Vinny to see the boyz on ABDC again.
Without him.
I would think most people that follow him  fans in general would find that information useful.
Impractical jokers
The NX doctorver is taking a totally new route back to OceanBeach today  I'm pretty sure there are no shocks on this bus.
oh I like your icon pic u look so cute lol
There's a place called 420 munchies open from 4:204:20!
Someone take me the conversations and things I learn at work.
Life teaches us many things.
One is to learn is how to be happy.
We are born happy, but life gives us wounds and hurt to grow whole from.
so, so confusing....
rack city bitch, rack rack city bitch
Omg no D; lol I can always steal you another one boo!
wow!
That's amazing
So NOW the refs see roughing the passer
I'm stackin my money muthafucka, You can stack them broke ass bitches if you want to.
I only stack rich bitches who give me money
Even old people bump Adele with the windows down
Random!!!
Belanova is at Plaza Bonita!??
Why am I not there!?
i like ALWAYS have nutella on mu face
I like Portuguese
: About 50 of breakups now occur via text message.
Id rather watch baseball tonight than his show.
okay that was a little to bold.
but regardless he's a moron.
RE: doctorpped Hard doctorve: HAHAHA you suck!
I'll fix it for you!
bring it over B.
I have so many finals to do
If your happy and you kno it clap your hands :D CLAP CLAP
good morning!!
;
Horrible Bosses

A relationship with God is the best relationship you can have.
Your call is very important to us.
Please enjoy this 40 minute flute solo.
;
9:27 left in the first.
Delaware and Lindenwood still scoreless
FOLLOW ME
For today's ecochallenge, I promised to use no paper.
Promises  runny nose  need to change shirt.
Happy Earth Week, Tweezies!
Absolutely priceless!!!!
If we all had that faith, maybe we would never fear anything!
:
Wanting to say it but not knowing if you feel the same
Wow.
Iphone takes decent video.
Just made a little movie from a birthday party.
Easily, too.
Waking up in a bad mood, and hating everyone that talks to you
Twisting today at The Elks Club Wakefield, Ma.
from 2:303:30 PM for Bridgewells Holiday Party
Snipper of the week Shannon Dohar!
We chat her up about New York and the best summer movies...
I am not your boyfriend I am not going to get all the shit you're saying are care but I am your friends I am not going to let shit happen 2u
We're really close to 3,000 followers!
Won't you help us get there today?!
RT!
Thanks!
I know pero no tenia  !
LOL !
Dude I missed yuh at lunch these past 2 days /:
happy leap year hump day!!!
There are people with torches walking down 5th Avenue.
what is happening
Shouldn't the zambonis come out before overtime at the Masters ?
Ghostland observatory playing a free show at ACL right now...get there now!
Muahahaha I beat ya to it!
:
Im so sleepy !
Today has been one of the best blessed days of 2012 !!!
LettingThingsGo AMEN!
!!!!!
CBS news van was at the Bay Area Games of the Special Olympics today.
Watch for me  my class, just in case we're on.
Almost let the day go by without wishing you a happy Ttroublefree birthday with some extra points for cake
Come out 2nite  OrlandoaLive at TheSocial 8pm  5 cover  Live music, Art,  caregive share table !
I'm talking about game 2 as far as that 5 point thing, but the game still not over though
wintry mix is a qt way of saying the weather sucks today
Goodnight.
I hope this rumor stops and Jake gets his fans back.
Love ya
also wonder if IRS will have issues
We will be The Park Bar tomorrow for Bush's acoustic set at 12pm!
What techniques do you use to create time for songwriting?
It was so good to see Superstar Fitness Trainer Chris Powell and his beautiful family yesterday!
We love it when they comes to visit.
:
it's Friday bitches 
ok im done with this 1;
your set?
No sure didn't...
but i think you live pretty close to me, unless you were just in my area : how are you?
Biggest panic of my life
We recommend Mandela's autobiography, Long Walk to Freedom, which is one of our favorites.
haha some bitch hoarded all the ptv song titles as tumble usernames l o l
haha the sickest fuck I know.
It is a never ending thing, I unfollow all the time and then follow new people and then say who is this?
unfollow!
good luck
Dear Ronald, thanks for following!
Damn typo I mean him lol
yeah I wouldn't wish that on anyone.
He doesn't get paid enough.
Public Art on the StreetArtWalk 9/24 and 9/25.
Express Your Art on canvas.
Downtown Grand Haven.
www.ghartwalk.com
Really starting to dislike my family at the moment.
Dogs are outstanding!
Also, my itunes account ot hacked.
Mashpee for the weekend!
I had the itch for the Cape.
Hope all is well!
ancientgreek of the day   ,  .
An illiterate person is like an uncarved piece of wood.
Two very attractive boys just came to my door and asked if I needed yard work.
SO CUTE!
oh nothing at all lol
that's what I'm saying!
lol
There are two adults acting redic in the booth behind us.
I'm ill
hey was a song some months back that chu mention was like a girl singing about sex or something with like 80's beats need a title
People talking about how they want love at 14, 15, 16, and 17.
Baby live your life first and love will find you!
are you and in nyc?
New album has arrived!
Official release will happen in September.
that's where you shop bro ?
Thanks for spreading the word!
Super excited to perform at Girl Next Door  A Pole Dance Soiree tomorrow!
I haven't seen you with purple hair yet.
We are!
Off to do situps, pushups, squats, and the like at boot camp.
After a full day at Disney.
Me, oh my!
I have such a craving for seafood
nice dude.
temecula doesn't have enough music.
are you going to be in town for the KOS screenings around July 10th/11th?
Wish I could sleep in just one day for 15 hours.
You are the greatest:
Todays NFL games show that nothing is a given.
Everything has to be earned.
Rage are you ready to EARN your spot at the top?
I know they're gonna slam Trayvon for his tweets..
Look at this nigga twit pics
ManUp!
When I was a child, I used to speak like a child ...
But when I became a man ...
1Cor 13:11  Solomon
Cox Business implemented Xactly in 11 weeks, with 16 plans and 700 payees.
Now up to 21 plans, 800 payees
On episode 3 of Girl/Girl Scene and I love Evan !!!!
Mo has a concussion.
The judge I work for saw my bracelet and asked if I was a monster.
I am a LittleMonster forever and always!
I 3 GAGA
The technology is powerful enough to easily track four people simultaneously, providing the familiar multiplayer experience at its best.
Did you get to try the Spicy Bulleit?
How did the event go?
Wow I thought he left twitter for good awhile back.
I guess he just changed his name?
I use way too much ..but fuck it though that's my homie
Twitter Tip Pt.
1: Want lots of followers to get your MSG out, keep your tweets like Hansel  Gretel's breadcrumb trail...
Space bar right!?!?
Lol
Card fans just walked off A LOT of turkey pacing their living rooms
Seriously Myers?
You are too kind for the FF!
Have a great weekend missy!
yep.
PCBs and RB
is trying to say hello again.
Four tweets...
0,1,0,1.
M fresh strawberry pie ..heaven..
Anna millers Oahu
If a kid isn't happy, what's the harm in him moving on?
Better to stick around and be a cancer?
Dear Rachel Hubbard, Stop fucking spamming me.
Excited to be at The Summit
What a 2nd half!
The Atlanta Falcons outscore the Panthers 240 in the 2nd to win 3123.
Matt Ryan threw for 318 and 4 touchdowns!
I couldn't agree with you any more!!
When can WE catch up?!
:
Back to work manana, I'm ready!
Also Thur.
Live at Ember, Anaheim, Friday Xalos, Anaheim...Sat.
todavia no se?!?!
Have a goodnight!
You don't not sign a free agent because you plan to doctorft a QB.
The doctorft doesn't always go as expected.
It was a great class!
Glad you enjoyed it!
it must suck to be stupid too
Your life is an occasion.
Rise to it.
Suzanne Weyn 
Thanks to and others for coming out in suppor of the WV Young Dems!!
Tyler, The Creator
Lahskshskshd RT : Stay for tonight, if you want to.
Peace is that brief glorious moment in history when everybody stands around reloading.
Yes like my site The Academic Support Link.
Appreciate it.
I also research and provide content to education sites.
Watching TV  find myself wondering  how many would like a Do Over on the whole that Steve Urkel is HILARIOUS opinion of, say, 20 yrs ago
yes!
manic panic :
aww thanks Gracie.
Any new recipes yet?
goodlookin on the retweet, follow back.
It was an honor to have you there!
Thanks for being part of the fun!
I've no doubt you're right.
I've tried to ensure that supporting materials are as engaging as possible
What yall doing ?
Working out...
Sexy Monday...for you.
trying real hard to stay out of the candy today.
it's SO hard.
fairly low on the funny scale.
I don't care what people say about this song.
They use to jam to this shit.
Admit it.Vanilla Ice  Ice Ice Baby: via
RT : You've been waiting for it and now it's here.
50 off racing all this weekend!
yea thanks bro
Oh, it's about to go down!
Keep spreading the word and keep getting stocked!!
But man is not made for defeat.
A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
Ernest Hemingway
DesandNate, you are the key to my heart.3
hell yeah babeh
S/O to and see you all at The Virginia Event on March31st!
Thanks for the great feedback and response.
I can't wait to connect with you next week
Can we all stop for a minute and bask in the irony of Bristol Palin telling us the importance of raising a child in a traditional family.
thts my area and don't worry bout that yu doctorve ?
You tlkin bout Mb right?
OK let me let you in on something...
When I explode its like this Ima tell you how it is nah wait I won't IMA HIT YO ASS then i will hmmp.
I don't think I've been this tired in my life!
RT : Starting tomorrow, by popular demand, we'll be open until 9pm on Weds and Thursds.
Thank you bikeDC for the suggestions!
Comparative rhetorical analyses have included C.
Aguilera  S.
Gomez, Childoctorn of Men  The Road, Coke  Pepsi.
Of all people to sit near me on this bus it would be the fella who smells like soot.
If you don't know what I mean sniff the sewers.
Nasty!
Dude story of my life.
Fucking awesome huh?
Watching Human Centipede!
Its Like Fucking Nasty!
This is the first movie that has made me puke and cry.
Its Insane!
ScaredOutOfMyMind :
Mentions on
Hahaha, you did change it to :P
Hugging tall boys.
3333
well thanks!!
He he.
That's even funnier.
Great column.
im sure i already know..lol

Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else have your way.
Yes.
I think making boards of items in their environment with target sound, obviously vocab, categories etc
I hate it when I'm wearing socks and I step in something wet.
rt::
Listening to the Bach Inventions in headphones mixed w/caf's loud noise pollution of early Tom Waits sounds suspiciously like Schenberg.
Well...My hair looked really great for 3 minutes in the bathroom this morning.
3 runners at bk of pk ran into Wyoming septa stop.
Man who saw them do it: everybody can't be honest with 40,000 people.
The man's wife, heard the conversation and said to her husband, Does she realize that the porch goes all the way around the house?
Loud pipes , loud kush
Finally taking my shit in this weekend...
hopefully everything is recovered
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
Men like to cuddle too lol
Id buy as much as possible.
RT : Students in CA propose not to take on debt,....
Join us this Saturday at Malarky's, we will be having our ladies night while parting it up with Slowburn!
Come have fun with us!
RT : did do it just for fun tie n to mud puddle story by Robert munschLOVE that story, really any Robert munsch story
Face is sun kissed
I found calling the checkin guy 'captainin' waives the fee.
Dont forget, we're taking over finn mccool's tomorrow night from 912.
See you there!
off to the Radio...
back to work..
:
RT : OKC was young, and not experiened, Utah was missing players, and Phoenix plays 0 defense.
/true
were jb today
Smart alecky is my thing!
You now have 1 loyal follower!
alex told me to tell him to follow me.
im so not use to this whole twitter thing.
gimee time !
only had it for 6days
I have a film idea about a man so obsessed with , he moves to Houston just so he can spend his days at the 3 stores on West Gray.
If u a dude watchin BGC reunion right now hopefully u layin next to a vagina...if not????

Feel and smell GOOD
Its real  RT : goodnight.
Man I need 8 more followers till I hit 800
So cool!
Can't wait to check it out!
Tom points out that he only mentions God, not Jesus, so not explicitly Xian.
Circulating Microvesicles Demonstrate Promise for Cancer Testing
ya basically plus a love story hahaha
NO SIMON COME BACK
Me too!
Haha : Now following and couldn't be happier about it, lol.
If you are interested please inbox us your email addoctorss thank you for your interest!
I love I agree it's the BEST radio station in Philly!!!
all good, but sadly will be in Chicago on business.
Is there another time that's good to chat?
A cat pushed into a corner will fight.
A coward will negotiate.
Go up to them and say Hi, I play in the NFL.
Either that or treat them to sushi!
RT Any advice on how to meet women?
Avatar is on!!
Now following  followback?
notetofemales stop saying play your position
I just want class to end, only 10 more minutes then free time xD
Cutting off the curls!
Back to short hair!
I'm hiding in my office with the door closed and the lights off.
Tweet me the password if you want to come in.
Luci Westphal is in Atlanta.
Screening her new film, All God's Childoctorn, at PushPush Sunday at 7:30.
Free.
Rick Siskey  If you want to be successful, you must be obsessed with obsession and out work the competition
damn girl let me get some a that shit u smokin on...
U look high as fuck n ur avi
Celebrating birthday!
: Oh No my rough tough cream puff can't go home!
Fingers crossed for DD!
DWTS me too
If only it really were all a bad doctoram!
Will be in touch with dates if I make it to London.
Looking forward to catching up.
Wordpress has versions?
last day of class this semester!
that begs the question: why am I still on campus for another week and a day?!
TGIF!
Shedding the stress of the work week and getting ready to spend the weekend with loved ones.
Yay.
Some people go through their whole life living for other people.
HOLY SHIT KAITLYN YOU doctorVING IS SCARIER THAN SEX
In my own personal GOP competition, I wonder if I will make as many or more calls for than I did for
LOVED 'Salem's Lot.
There are spots in there that made me choke up.
King just knows how to tell a story.
gest got a facebook after so long i did it i sold out
Let it be.
I need to be somewhere near my bed in the next five minutes.
Making plans for Opening Day...
Milwaukee is the place to be April 6!
thanks for joining me
JOIN US IN Congratulating our NEW BROTHERS to the Eta Lambda Chapter!
With four days to go Both sides claim it's time to compromise.
Watch CBS19 for the latest on the Debt Debate  hear from Rep.
R.
Hurt
brought the list of names we brainstormed for eschec back to Cincinnati..doctorgooned was the decision thanks for your help!
Thanks so much.
We have much more where that comes from and we love what you are doing as well !!
what is the other song for the midterm he never emailed me back!!!!
:
Twitter likes you a lot but isn't ready for a serious relationship right now.
1st had a sprite commercial, then does mountain dew, now nicki has a pepsi commercial...can u say endorsements.
This is why ppl don't get 100 from me...
Then wonder why
i want to have a very special fight.
With you
Food, friends, skiing and of course dogs: : Headed to in 36 hours...powder , doctornks on 
It was confirmed by a high school volunteer today that I have better taste in music than S.
TAKE THAT HUSBAND!
Me?
Jealous?
Of you?
Ohh honey bless your heart3
my spirituality is beginning 2 take over me,i'll transform into a precise image of GOD,let your heart lead u n may u be blessed n everything
I think your feet are bigger than my whole body.
Doritos  life savers gummy bears
thanks so much for following!!!
A Janurary show with David Lindley in Bend Oregon!
Cool!
This has me excited!
My life is yo Entertaiment....So watch me....ill live it....so I hope u catch my gud side......
Glad we could help out!
3 year old is carried out of library screaming they don't want to leave.
Cut to 14 yr old: I don't care!
I'm never coming back here!
Honing in on comp.
goals 2012; 1 choral piece, 1 organ suite, 1 extended piece for str.
4tet.
Now: nose to grindstone.
I agree, we're being robbed of a full month of mid50's
Yes we ship to Bermuda, are you looking for any fragrance in particular?
wtf you serious ?
Merry Christmas!
New spot Hostel Earphoria hosts MINES / Room Runner,  more.
9PM.
34sixty4 w.
Divurzey.
Don't be a dick.
BE THERE.
Once again VMWare has updated a product and completely changed its name.
Thanks for making things easy guys.
Oops!
Forgot the photo...
Coming next ;
Has the baby arrived??
calls have already started.
You must be talking about the Ginsu Knife spot.
are you gonna doctorss up?!?...:P
There is no silver bullet, but technology is a part of the solution.
lol seriously.
you dont just sign someone for that much money and have him sit.
lol
Who is the best foreign band you have recently heard?
Thanks Little One :
I'm leaving at 8:30 tomorrow morning when you decide to go back
Thanksgiving with my family was GREAT....just wish i could've seen my favorite cousin!
but evrything was good, and for that i'm thankful for
I love my Momma , She always Puts me First ...
Today Im going to Put her first ..
:
hey Austin's friend :
Sat 9/3 Mark Towns  Solo Guitar at Kings Harbor, Kingwood, TX 7pm  9pm Latin 
gud look time 2 follow u
Happy Birthday, Brett!
22 more days.
:
right now...
go Tony!
:/ what does list you 20x mean.
If SMC wants Cartmenez as consultant, I am available, not paid to provide solution.
To tier fees is morally wrong.
Faith RT : We need these wins!!
RT : We'll get the W nxt time
Alas no peeps diorama for me this year.
Maybe next year I'll be 'over' my Peeps/Pokemon loss.
Just previewed the first two episodes of 's Girls at Doc Films, and it is Good.
Viewer, I clapped.
I like TRich but if they gave up 22 or 37...
Surely if this is our year :
Today is going to be a great day, I can feel all the possibilities!!!!
I've spent too long trying to think of a Daniel Dae Kim/Daniel DayLewis joke, so I'm just going to put it out there.
Similar names.
yes you did!you said that none of my favorite bands and people loved me!!!
Another day, another dollar
Sometimes I say crazy shit to ppl.
I'm ready for whatever God brings me !
I resent the email just to be sure.
Sounds yummy!
good suggestion.
I think having an extraordinary parent is key factor since it's an inherent daily modeling relationship.
my place tomorrow.
Everyone is recording
One of the redeeming things about being an athlete is redefining what is humanly possible.
Lance Armstrong
Maybe it's my age, but I'm partial to Chocolate Chip Classic RT : Favorite holiday cookie?
Ours is def snickerdoodle.
1.
Purpose and Vision.
Get 'em both doctornk
I need that tank for work!
;
hey Jesse!
How long is in LA for?
No ...
Cash Cab has been cancelled!
needs to get on twitter and follow me so he can be
All those, yes, and the great Mariano.
cant wait for the tribute at the VMA tomorrow!!!!!
Played a little volleyball and badminton on the freshly mowed lawn!
Beats going to the gym :
Ellis to was so sweet I replayed it twice!
Thank goodness I still heard Jon's diss on lol...;
wooooop.
learned the plucking for the intro of safe and sound!
goodnight:
Pam SlaterPrice and Dave Roberts to hold press conferences same time/place on Thu; leaves little wonder for who she's endorsing
Thrift Town on El Camino.
Spotted them last week and came back for them.
Never had luck in Dixon.
Good haul!
LIVE 10HoursWithMikeMurdock DATING...Is Investigating for a Future Investment.
That's what I figured.
Thanks!
Wayne Meisel: we need to wake up and engage in community service and social justice movements as we meet them.
Thanks for the information!!
I really appreciate you!!
Standup Comedian Mike Lemme and YouTube Sensation John Mingione will make their patCAST debut next week!
im just hanging some of my clothes :
Remain true to the earth.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
Pretty damn excited about my new Rieker boots.
My formerly frozen feet are thanking me too.
Come check out our awesome jewelry and sculpture displays from MS.
March's Coronado HS class.
Were on another journy today guys.
:
U silly!
RT : Oh lawwd.
is following me on Twitter.
She knows better.
Communities aren't created, they are courted.
Henry Jenkins
Thanks for the innovation, and for the follow :
Klaus and Caroline 
Taylor Gang or leave your coke stash with
and she looks really hot on the video omg
Yes it is sculpting time xx
Always do right.
This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Mark Twain
Can't do morningjoe anymore, but found 'brien's almost as smart  edgy as our nerdland uppers shows
I'm excited about Adobe Creative suite 6
Thank you for the mentions  great info on your Copywriting Daily, proud to be part of it!
yeah I hear ya lol
My life.
what you think about the packers?
Yeah I'll Just Ask Ms.
Kirky Later On Next Week .
regalodenavidad: Listening to our Paso Nuevo Band's firstever CD!!
Pls RT
About to go take the free haunted elevator ride since V is asleep.
I just watched Oprah's interview with Whitney.
So honest, transparent and pure.
it is replaying on OWN.
Please watch.
It tells the truth
keep going if u want o get up to 400 tweets .
Big buf with a what trick?
the boys are busy though and they get on when they can  if when they do you're not there its nothing personal I'm sure
must be going on an adventure...
Have fun!
This has been the roughest most stressful year for me one thing after another, it ends NOW!
Thanks for following!
Yet I'm still waiting on a reply..
: I text back fast.
Agreed!
Sox have had the same problem year after year after year.Maybe Ben C should learn how to do his job, PLEASE!
Pick me!
I LOVE frosting!
Top secret picture!
Probably shouldn't have posted it....OH WELL lolololol
Desire a naturist special getaway 100 per night visit us
that would be cool!!!
Going to see One Day  Regal Theatre  perfect way to end the weekend!
Hi Dave!
Your McEvoy video got huge kudos at a retail meeting on Friday  everyone loves it!
Congrats!
Huguely trial resumes at 9am.
Defense promises to wrap it's case.
Will Huguely take the stand?
We'll keep you up to date.
Tornado sirens are going off.
Whoo scary!
on the way home now..
Will do my best to listen in.
I agree it's a runaway race for KD.
Kobes prime vs LeBrons now, Kobe way better
Maybe I'll just tell him half the cool articles I find and post on FB are from Twitter...
Trying to stop saying 'Good question' when someone asks me something I don't know.
Also to stop saying 'Stupid question' when I do know

...
She will be loved
RT : I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying.
Michael Jordan
thanks for speaking at Hamilton Baptist Church today
Ugh.
Gates is fat turd.
That's Fonesty.
have a great trip man!!
I hear ya.
Still, I can't believe judges wouldn't tell their clerks to find a different source.
fresher than a peppermint!
Ohhhohhhh!
Lmaooo
OTG WEAREOTG OTGLIFE Making music should be a extension of who you are, not who you want to be!
Look on the bright side  the aircraft will definitelynot BACK into a mountain
my cousin Dan is getting married in Illinois next monthi am so happy 4 him!
i hope we can make itvisit family in Indiana 2.
I 3 Indy
Yeah, The Prince of Tides is on tv again!
I love it when a film is adaptated from a book and it is almost as good as the source material.
TVs went on sale the year I was born.
They were lousy, but good service.
Now they're greatbut lousy service.
You can't get one hooked up.
Tune in to the DeWitt Law Review at 2pm on AM 580 WDBO Orlando
Follow on twitter for updates on upcoming products!!!
Yes, I thought that was you!
RT were you at the 6 am class on Tuesday  5 am class today for ?
:
I think the frost burnt up my Oregano but everything else is fine.
We've already had a couple salads:
Yes!
So when ya coming to visit?!
Sometimes I try to force myself to care less, because I care way too much.
Sorry I missed your Failoff.
I was stuck in a meeting.
haha yeah usually gives me good advice.
sometimes uses bad grammar intentionally!!!
DL Walter Curry on air w/ 1620amTheZone's Mike'l Severe for the Nighthawks radio show rt now  DaveBuster's
because public transportation hubs experience a high volume of traffic, yielding a large quantity of donations.
I 4 got how much fun it was to hang wit my sisters and cousins
oh...nvm den D:
Thanks ladies for the FF mention.
Right back at you and have a great weekend!!
I know that I'm not, all that you've got.
forgot to put my ankle brace on.
oh man what gr8 start to the day 
No, just a record of teasing or standing by when I shouldn't have and once stealing someone's fancy eraser.
I need sleep and food no more partying for me..unless something is well worth it
this Mims Move song is taking over down here
As far as I know, I really enjoy Andoctorid phones versus the Iphone.
You don't think I got home at 6 this morning and now I'm just waking up?
Well I am.
we leave the base out to charge but the brushes are covered in a cabinet.
youwannafuckonme?
you guys quit?!
: indy foodies: wins James Beard Foundation America's Classic restaurant award.
One of only 5 named this year!
Excited to head out to the imediasummit this weekend!
I think this is my 6th or 7th year!!
Will be great to see all of my imedia peeps!
Happy Fri the 13th!
Don't walk under any ladders, pet any black cats, or open any umbrellas indoors.
Other suggestions for things to avoid?
if you grab him by the collar ...
Something something something if you grab him by the pants you going make him dance lmao
In one of my fantasy leagues I traded Roddy White and Colt McCoy for Aaron Rodgers and Devery Henderson.
Good or bad deal?
Always consider your inventory as cash and count it consistently and thoroughly.
Use OCRA to simplify your invoices by calling 303333OCRA
RT : I miss you guys!
Texturelove  We miss you too!!
When I read tweets about a decomposed body discovered, I immediately lose my composure.
Definently not the selfhelp section..
I'm more afraid of the frogs.
talking to my boo
JB of SS just said Watson has an XFactor of 111 degrees.
Saying his shoulders turned over 150 degrees away from the ball in his backswing.
sweet!
can i call you now to schedule for tomorrow?
nice reminder and beautiful picture : hope your weekend is fantastic!
it makes me mad when people say yeah I'm a mahomie.
I love austin BUT he didn't used to be good and he's not really talented.
Wut is this.
yes.
That's what I strive for.
And I eat like a savage lol
Even Trey Wingo cracking jokes in studio.
Like hearing Tirico, Jaworski, and Gruden isn't bad enough.
You cant just assume that everything will always be the same because things change; especially people.
Why cant i stop thinking of you ah
Nothing is funnier than randomly running into your DAD at while you both should still be at the office.
Photo shoot with Jackie Howard for Austin Life Style Magazine!
Check out Monica and Shail's engagement session in NYC featured in South Asian Bride!!
Still recovering from the loss.
It was a special season, looking forward to next year!
You know what they say about men with big noses...
More boogers.
I bet this is the best day you have had in a long time Tebow leaving denver
boys have more ass then girls now and days
Need to speak with someone today if possible.
Please DM.
I'm available until 3 PM.
officially  I belong on a dude ranch.
Beautiful people use Afrosheen...
think I'm gonna try to make it marchmassness with a cut in April
good night...
how does this make u feel?
: RT : Goals for 2012: Thierry Henry 9; Kenny Cooper 9; Philadelphia Union7.
You may want to reconsider your breakfast of choice.
Consider cereal.
check out Dagnomusic.com its free sell your music and keep 100 of the professort!
Good to see you as well I'll send you a link to the next one I make so you can see how much they stand out from the crowd
Okayy, so in mister Katz 's class we did a weird CPR emergency with manicons  desks all over them...
LISTED THEIR TOUR DATES!!!
I have July 23rd circled on my calender!!!!
I CAN'T WAIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Watch at 8 to catch covering departing for ReturnToDuty.
This it it.
//
Not sure where today went.
I like tacos.
What a day.
But I know one fact I'll be tough act to follow.
This is so true!
:
get me out of this class hahaha you know I wanna study me some earth science!
oh I thought you were going today for final review
: Spot on.
RT : While T.
Richardson is class of RB class, don't underestimate NFL impact of CHRIS POLK
Good times!
I need something to do today
fucking iPhone auto correct.
Piss me off for what iPhone
U aint following so i cannot DM u RT : Yea, been a long time.
We'll meet up
hey its me mary w., please follow me back.
:
this was a collective effort that should be the pathway to future success
ok...
let me know if it does :
it's simple.
Beat us.
That awk moment when you think it's payday but can't remember so you don't want to ask your boss for your check.
Just sitting here, doing Codecademy, eating peanut butter out of the jar.
That's Friday afternoon.
Wow, that's saying a lot.
RT : omg, so good.
best postapoc book/s I've read since the Stand
if u dnt take yo shinin ass to bed
San Antonio's trusted name in tshirt  custom apparel screen printing  embroidery.
Hit us!
You'll love the prices, turn time  service.
It's hard considering how much they're demonized and punished for deviation.
bol, we are thinking it will be about the same here!
Noisy fireworks and noisy Pugs barking at the fireworks!!
i love you too : 3
Just landed my UFO on planet FUCK YOU!
And it feels FUCKING FANTASTIC.!
The little girl singing Feliz Navidad in the Hyundai commercial might be
The kids are Allah right
What's good ladies and gents??!!
Iidk i dnt think he scored yet
thanks for the tweet :
at the library because this is how i spend my monday afternoons.
mhhhmm
is that a serious song request?
why does it need to ID your sex?
YOUR sex, right?
also, wouldn't gender be the thing it needs to ID?
The lakers are playing so bad it reminds me of a Chargers playoff run
Not yet, but working to make it real.
Right now, just looking for feedback, suggestions, advice.
Hope to be live by the fall
yah, it was really good.
Suprising ending.
ok, but if you look at my internet history, i'm researching a movie about two male centaurs kissing!
If they're talking a package deal, it would have to be either UK or UNLV, with UK being the highest on both of their lists.
they just played our song on AGT, swag.
countrygrammar 
Tasting the 15year aged Oolong we got in...
Great stuff.
Complex with notes of dark honey, doctored grape/ raisin, spices and a long finish
Yayy Britney got an award!
:
Flizzor gonna go supersaiyan on these fools
That will be a mistake.
For Veras would have rather have kept McGehee.
a simple stat, the number of STOPZ every team av per game.Simple way to see who struggles offensively.
My Stance: Parcel Tax  Dont waste money pursing an idea that wont pass.
I've been looking all day for decent gifts!
To Canon 5d or not to Canon 5d...
that is the question
Sun slow to appear, but eventually we'll get sunshine this afternoon...highs in the low 70s.
I haven't been able to get in any of the online games at all.
Meanwhile, already beat campaign on twisted difficulty.
:
: reading Silencing the Past by MichelRolph Trouillot
RT : RT : Read The NRA Show Daily  today's top stories via NRAShow...
this just in....tweeting ur mega millions ticket does not improve your odds
dancing like a complete freak
and thats how its done!
at least she knows we don't do any of her homework she assigns..
Why take notes if all her quizes are open book
it made me twitch a little bit, that's about it.
Haha
people bitching over who texts who first is funny af though; like really?
that's a big problem?
get yourself a therapist LOL
FACT: This new 40 lb.
bag of dog food is just unprocessed poop I'll have to pick up again in the yard.
There's really no point to this mini graduation were about to have.
It's a cool place in downtown Long Beach.
You can get tickets at the door for 5.
Which song did you like the best?
the spanish water will have rice and beans in it
2 hours at the gym?
STOP.
Hammer time.
It's not even stupid it's actually amazing.
talkn bout the rims?
its ok I got it working now
Happy hour starts at 5!
Come in for food and doctornk specials to start the week out right
Good morning, TGIF!
Looks like another beautiful May day!
to the good part!
All Seaside employees  residents receive 20 off any lunch or dinner entree for Appreciation Tuesday!
1.
Go to google.
2.
Search for flawless homosexuals 3.
Look at the photos 4.
Laff.
RT if you did it
What's on tap tonight ?
Call me when you get to Toho.
I live on the C37 canal between Hatch and Kissimmee.
8636961011 Shop, 8636964438 H Kevin
madden next week?
I havent practiced, but I'm like Iverson when it comes to that
The Wings of a Dove Bar
got my phone taken away: ah i just know i have a lot of texts!:P
y u watchin it still
Like a commercial ?
RT Before I die I will have a bonfire on the beach
Need to reach someone in Portland.
Is Sanskrit on parchment flown by owl still the local preferred method of correspondence?
I woke up this morning to my baby girl wide awake, singing a song.
What beautiful music.
this is AMAZING!
You have a very smart 6 year old!
I hope she get a popsicle afterwards!
Shout out to new follower Organic Mineral Makeup.
Thanks for the follow!
HappyMothersDay!
Mom: Thank you for making it look easy  there are nights I curse you for that!!!
Another group asks why I focus on African American youth.
Well, the following stat is going to reveal why.
This made my heart doctorp
Bout to hit the road, carrizo springs here we come, pure O.T.
Today makin that paper...
Friends don't leave friends at ghetto ass parties by themselves...
I did have a good time though
I just lost so much respect for you
I wanted to turn in my japanese homework early but sensei left when I was about to turn it in.
watching and brittany make enchiladas nothavingtocook :
You sounds to be lonely.
Don't worry.
I'm always here be with you.
My number boy bye
He's next up on 'Dancing with the Stars'...
I do everything I do everything I'd do anything anything for u
Thanks for sharing that.
Well, Sainte Chapelle is really beautiful and quite big, too.
if no one show buys tickets to the shows, them i am glad.
does management think your fans are millionaires or something?!
Sorrow looks back, worry looks around, faith looks up.
This Town I'm From Has Ruined My Life!
Should Have Stayed In The City!
What is new normal  shrinking budgets, cloud, consumerization, high expectations How does IT stay relevant?
Digging my way thru corporate mazes attempting to get to appropriate persons to speak with.
Amazing how many corps don't want inbound comm
Hey buddy...you can do this....
Congrats to Lardarius Webb on his new deal.
I'm fucking PUMPED that he'll be a Raven for the next 6yrs!!!
Sam Elliot gravelly doctorwl/voiceover for Dodge Ram ads indelible, and a 'stache on par w
Jut bein nice and u talk shit
Like wats up wit ppl n dey logic!!
For the record, I wasn't doctorving and 'tweeting' during that last tweet.
are you guys going to make any new videos??
that awkward moment when you watch someone get fired...interesting night last night
TaxLady says:IL 1099G reported NET of Use Tax Paid  wrong!
Not how it should be reported on 1040!
My software got it right on professorrma.
When you are down to nothing, God is up to something.
High Money The Mixtape!!!
I am officially broke
Got dang it I was rushing  not paying attention  took some of my dogs allergy relief thinkn it was mine :/ loll
Via  goes hip hop in admissions video campaign  fun use of Storify!
We have 100,000 Facebook fans, but those fans have all come to us organically
We're offering automotive repair services at our 12520 Nacogdoches location.
ASE MASTER CERTIFIED MECHANIC
I've hash tagged JetsLife so damn much that should make your boy an honorary Jet, lol...
Paone finds request for  outrageous, spent good after bad money and now full circle.
Yes!
Let's do it.
Mine gets in around 11:45.
I'll meet you near the taxis, and I'll wear an orange UT shirt.
:
Thank you love!
:0
Removing clutter from you workspace and living space can really calm you down!
When you become AWARE of your thinking, your life changes.
he's so bad.
I don't get it.
It's mindbottling
And you wonder why i hate you sheesh thats how you feel about obunz
Haha, best tweet of the day!
SWEETdoctorAMS AKA'S FASHION SHOW TONITE!!
THEN WE'RE TAKING OVER YOUR FRIDAY NIGHT ONCE AGAIN!!
We're Back!
Havent tweeted in a while.
So much is going on here at VGI.
We needed to start tweeting to keep you updated!
Billy Gillispie out...
Donovan to UK, Grant to UF?
If that's the case Alabama you lose.
I'm watching this doc on Harry belafonte.
You seen it?
Incredible!
You know you play too much tennis when you are sitting on the court right now with a laptop reading this
I don't have iphone...I have a doctorid my touch :
Good Morning Everyone :
Coding in 2012??
You gotta walk before you crawl.
Reverse that.
Seriously, you haven't been able to do it in years.
Let's make a bet on it.
Mine and conversation right now is pretty much priceless !
Hahaha
order stuff online then RT: Never ordering anything offline again!
Thank you for an amazing first day of shopping The Ardor Collection!!!
: Keep those orders coming!!!
www.cultuschichi.us
SHIFT 7: FREE CUPCAKES from , FREE BEER from w/ own mug.
RSVP is.gd/veA0np
Took an Acadia load to salvation army, returned home to The Boy asking me why the center of the basement is flooded  yeah that's my Sunday
With all the hubbub against Fish for his myopic pieces, its worth noting that the good people of DH have forced his hand.
Huzzah!
Los Angeles SLAM Pro Basketball Organization Of The American Basketball Association searching for a city to play 20112012 ABA Season
Tech terrace sucks.
No houses allow pets
as you should be!
I just fixed your name.
Had to help my cat chase an ant today.
There is nothing like rediscovering the power of teamwork
i want to see the vow!!
might see it tomorrow.
who wants to come, text me
Tomorrows anti smoking graphic ads is a small step in the right direction .
what about the non smokers who pay the price too ?
Haha yea, where my pen at?
I saw the play later.
It's a shame, but i tend to shy away from replay in MLB.
But, if it was reversed, could have had tie or W.
Rather than waiting for the action, what are you doing to actively attract action?
Do you blog?
are you in a street team?
why do I keep finding myself around 90s rockstars?
Rob Schultzberg continues to amaze me with his doctormming and beer supply!
Last night I watched Chronicle and it was so good although some plot holes annoyed me.
I wanna watch it again.
I am heading the Fulton St.
Walk this spring.
May 12th to be exact.
I'd love to connect with you.
haha if u want help I'd be happy to do my best : u can DM me anytime  I'd be doing some lucky guy a disservice if u don't
a relaxing or frustrating dumb?
Hey, , what's the point of the signin sheet at the BTD if some dude is just gonna yell 'Who's next?' and take whoever shows up?
This has been a shit week but I'm done with finals and looking forward to a 3 week vacation from school!
So I hear Bon Iver received a Grammy.
Does that make them not cool now?
Boozer and Noah out...
and asik in and we come back?
Judge done asking questions, taking evidence, looking at affadavits of service.
3WordsForYou YOU ARE BITESIZE!!
:3
I was hoping for the same thing!
Ah well.
Next week could be his won there like 6 times.
Already thinking of some ID's for my wedding day.
Any ideas?
I'll meet up with you eventually.
I have to give the account over to the next person at some point
My heart goes out 2 Kevin Na who's fought the demons  just hit it in the water.
My foot goes out to the guy who sang na na na na, goodbye.
I told him to run up and down the hallway a few times...
to get the full effect.
Doing more with less is a slogan, it's not a sustainable solution.
Yep.
Greatest in history?
Hey, , he's in the building but you're not facing at WM28!
I like that you love her so much!
She's a badass!
And Who You Are has the greatest message!
Inspires me!
:
Hey David!
How's the music flowing?
:0
still in focus group land.....

aha!
Thanks for clarifying that.
I saw the fb post and then nothing in the Sun ...
April 1 indeed.

Hello Michigan lol
People dissing other peoples when they dont even know them.
you are a very wise woman, have a great dinner!
Good question!
I wud think soon, I will try to find out what I can
Had lots of fun at our school fundoctoriser last night!
Feelin' it today.
How I Saved Nearly 1,000 Buying My New Car
We're number 8 on the ReverbNation Blues charts.NEW music comming:
on a limb.
Yes.
I'm a survivor....
Dear God, 4give me for the sins I'm gonna commit...
seems that way
Love learning about  teaching art?
Become a volunteer docent!
Call 5124535312 x104 or email for more info.
Not comparing you to crack, but girl, alot of men would be addicted to you!
DoYoThang!!!
SwayInTheMorning!
we smoke dope all day all night
Don't change., ii like the way you make me.!
C.
Yes.
But did wish there was a way to talk about that without everyone else having to read the OP.
Alas, hate is hate.
My phone ain't rang all day  oh we'll just shows that I really don't have real friends shrugs all I need is god,me,mom,and my dog 
Dear God, are we that old already?!
la ink got cancelled..what kind of world do we live in?!
Memorizing poetry to make good use of the time.
First up, Gioia's Words.
Accepting suggestions for more.
Why must bands pointlessly argue on twitter?!
Just shut the fuck up and let the kids listen to the music that they enjoy!
put these kids to sleep already..
getting sleepy but gonna stay up til 12 atleast
how was hangover part two
HUT UP!!!
GET OVER IT AND LEAVE ALONE!
Stray crawdad claws on the sidewalk
We carry a wide selection of Electric Strikes and Door Strikes to fit every door configuration at affordable price ISDLocksmith.com
: Happy Bike to Work Day.
Hard to carry my wheelbarrow, shovel  hoe.
Maybe I should get a trailer.
im going to make your day with two words...frozen nutella.
When people don't have their voicemail boxes set up.
...
Malin Alegria's new Border Town series book Crossing the Line dealing w young teen Hispanic angst Leer da poder
I have to go to a cheer meeting, without What the heck am I gonna do?
The Oreo cookie is 100 years old today!
Come celebrate with a waffle cone of Cookies and Cream Ice Cream!
: Blogging is intraveneous communication.
Sam Bee
Caught a gut shoplifting condoms today but I left him off..
the embarrassment that everyone knows he's a domewearing pussy is enough
There is nothing worse than a sexually frustrated terminator.
awesome idea.
i think we also need examples of practical handson projects 4 meaningful tech training
Apply now for MA in DH.
Current students doing text editing, tool building, instructional design, game studies, etc.
Our TeriyakiChicken is new and improved!
Try it w/ free range chicken, carrots, snow peas, edamame, and organic rice w/ new sauce recipe!
ugh!
so frustrated..
im trying to vote for  but there is not vote button so i cant!
:/ tear
u mite as well be my twitter wife lmao
Spurs are good.
But the Thunder are way too athletic for them.
But I don't think they can guard KD, Russ, or Harden.
Attention Cardinals: Your Welcome!!
Eagles 
thanks bro.
The shorts are snug but the socks still fit.
Troop 939!
ps Congrats on the new gig.
Got a day off from haha
I thought I had responded to this, but maybe I did so just in my head.
Regardless, yes to all of the above!
TDKR needs up it's marketing.
I'm only anticipating it because it's the sequel to my favorite superhero movie...well second favorite now.
Thanks for the hospitality and amazing BBQ!
You are my personal BBQ Jesus :
To disprove dog hater accusations, Mitt Romney straps Guatemalan housekeeper to roof of station wagon.
looking for 345 followers :D
You'll have first dibs!
RT : Yayyy!!!
Send me link Joy!
Thanks!!!!
Then it is Saturday, and Sunday comes afterwards.
Thank god for cough syrup I guess the flavors don't have any flavor lol....Off to bed I go maybe can't sleep probably go to sleep at 1 a.m.
the closest I got was watching three musketeers in 3D...
I guess I'm tired.
That's why my eyes are red.
I watch every new episode of MadMen without every actually watching it because of live tweets.
only way to tell if that ball was fair is if there's a camera angle perpendicular to the pole.
TV angle isn't accurate
OK I'm FEELING ABSOLUTELY SUPER FABULOUS TODAY!
You never disappoint us!
Nice catch Streeter!!!!, now that is concentration man
Wade in the Water, new program of gorgeous spirituals, tmister 8pm!
Tix available online or at Wentz Hall!
Realizing I need to make myself more friendly
not too long ago, 2010
If you don't like kids don't teach?
You can only fight so much for a relationship until eventually you just give up.
Tomorrow is doctorSeuss's birthday.
Will you join us for a party?
Will you?
Will you?
Story time from 122!
we should.
Quickly.
Tell me everything about it in 140 characters
your welcome!
If something like that happens again, plz send me a message if yoir okay!
because Taylor can do whatever she wants
I will search all through the night.
When I find you I won't let you go.
susiedavis said it is the best spinach chicken salad she had ever had!!!
One of my alltime faves.
: U got talent nowwhat?
Ur talent is Gods gift 2 u..
What u do with it is ur gift 2 Him

Thanks for letting my girlfriend and me take a picture w/ you at Taste of DC.
A Lonely liver suspended in liquid.
Bleeder, Alkaline Trio
re; and as always thank you for letting us know.
You are such a great viewer!
Never make the one you love feel alone, especially when you're there!
You know when you trip over nothing at work and a single tampon flies from your purse?
Licensed Security Companies across the nation turn to us for their Security Staffing needs,
Thanks lady!
It's an oldy, but a goody ;
Venison Sausage w/ Oregon Blueberry!
Blackberry Double Chocolate Brownies today!
hendoctorcks makes gin?
; : I'm partial to Bombay Sapphire...that flowery stuff...Hendoctorcks?
Not sure about that...
invited DAN SNYDER to the WHCD?!
ARE YOU INSANE?!
swiper!
No swiping!
who do you have wynning tonight?
If you make your living breathlessly wondering whether Obama's old girlfriends might dish dirt, you need to
MelloyDodge has a full line of new, preowned and certified preowned, cars, trucks and SUV's!
There's something for everyone!
Don't worry thats what sorelosers say.
Go I am sure they'd have sympathy if we lost.
Do you like huey lewis and the news?
their early work was a little too new wave for me tastes...
is the only human you can workout with?
Getting an Etsy account set up and will be posting items for sale soon!
J
The hit!
Twitta constantly tells me i have 50 new tweets!
Save us o' Obiwan, your our only hope!
really?
you were up to like 3 a day, right?
My husband and I loved your breakfast burrito  any chance you'll bring it back???
Debating  do I go get lunch now or just eat the Larabar in my bag and keep working?
question...is corey hart the worse x2 all star in mlb history?
richie sexson has to be in the conversation, doenst he?
cool, dats good ta hear
Looking forward to GuysandDolls with my girls tonight !
I always appreciate supporting projects by people who have themselves supported projects in the past.
for me too, they gon gimme my pay check.
Lol
The BEST Google Doodle ever !
Short notice, and I don't own the rights to most of them, but if you contact their distributors, there might still be a chance!
That's great!
And now that I'm nearly done, I should revive my personal website.
And cross post my hyperlib posts there.
My dog could have caught that
Is radio slowly getting extinct?
Which media will survive?
but what if photos are on charity site?
use then?
So, Jerry Brown consulted with Republicans before proposing 13.3 tax?
Move2Middle is just a call to support tax increases.
If I had a British accent I would never shut up
waiting on .....
WAKE UP WATSON
La ha today was on point
Dismay prospect: vs.
World Series.
Considering that match up makes watching cricket suddenly seem interesting.
Smart Money Monday: Financial Tips for New Parents
Who in your present belongs in your past?
Let the wrong relationships die so the right relationships can live.
Enjoy the simple things.
Q : rate , date, cuff or duck.
Can I get tha number A: 9;Date/Yes/Cuff/ Yes You Can Have My Number
There is a dog in your future.
The Lakers look Turrrrible!!
Black mamba will have to regroup his squad for game two or this could be over quickly.
be there soon enough we got something planned
Gunna clean my room spotless for my mom
Early night cause early morning night twitter!3ill try to post pics when I arrive!
Bridal Party : Fall Wedding Menu: Charles Levine Caterers  Events
:D I'm gunna make you and Ashley cupcakes for your birthday;
What if its spam ?
RT : if u dont answer someones tweet back u are not cooler then them you are just boring
Some people never go crazy, What truly horrible lives they must live
But I prefer to scream about ice cream, figuratively.
This has been my summer of ice cream.
it's College Football day :
Bitches are really sensitive nowadays!!!!
yes prophetess, I receive that Word.
We shall run for Freedom :
But what will MTV do for reality shows now?
make it me, and Sonnet 130.
And really do justice to that phenomenal last line.
I know you can.
TONIGHT is UPTOWN FRIDAY NIGHT at RAS HALL!!
Down goes Duke!
Down goes Duke!
Run for cover, it's storming out there!
Why did I just find out that there is a show running at I really want to see...
that is closing today?
Boo.
probably saturday after kai's game.
Its cold and snow!
I want spring
Thinking about that Ur2Girly Accessory Line by I gotta cop me a few pairs of earrings and some feet/ankle bling
Agree!!
RT : Happy Birthday to the woman I was named after!
Great lunch!
And seeing there was great too!
Taylor's in a terrible mood.
Could hardly offer his teammates a high five as went to the bench.
i almost guarantee she knows the deal
: Just saw a fourcar accident by Bryant Lake bowl...girl is sandwiched on the sidewalk.
How does that even happen?
Hi Mark, thanks for the follow!
I think he's decent, but Hollins needs to play him more and earlier.
He doesn't do anything until he absolutely has to.
lolol c': okay
Thnx to all who came to F/N last nite!
Hope to see more of u this wknd!
Tell us what u thought  tag
already am
RIP Donna Summer
You Are On Your Phone So I Have A Chance You Will See This.
Hahaha PLEASE FOLLOW
My 1000th tweet go to my freaky babies and my baby Damien!!!
South By Southwest in Austin, TX.
Tuesday night Paragraphs will host for their March meeting.
We love feeling like part of the community.
first loss by the hands of a Greek.
I got a tattoo at that place on Yale  Gold.
It was good  reasonably priced, but I was just getting a real simple tattoo.
All is fair in love and brunch
Bitch see me!!!!
Wow.
Bucks get rid of and get Kwame Brown?Oh, and Monte Ellis.Good luck mate!
MKE will miss you all you've done for the city!
Gettin fucked with some long lost friends ;
ugh.
Quick research.
UL has not swept a twogame series with UKbaseball since the 1970 season
I'm using backbone js binding to simulate an afterInsert handler for the first time.
Saying goodbye to a best buddy today.
Love you, Parker.
O just heard that we'll be getting restocks of Ttereve Monday, AMiRA jewelry, and brand new line Lemon Kissed.
I think of it as more north or west.
Midwest I associate w/Nebraska, Kansas  Illinois  that general area.
Watching sunglittering puffs dance around the surface of the Charles River.
Can hardly wait for to be open again...
I wish I could go to the event.
40 more minutes!
I'm getting so exited!!
:D
Need that bulletproof face
I'm at my gran gran grandmas wanna go like at 3?
Who you with?
Rihanna Skin ;
finnaly back home from chicago...i missed home
Trying to see what all the mystery is about with secret social media site Waiting for my invite...
will you marry ?
A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit doctores up the bones.
We ordered ours through FSR, Inc.
here in Cville.
They're an approved UVA vendor, which we had to use, but they do good work.
I love everything about you in your doctorams when your sleeping snap back in to reality and get that heart broken baby
RT : peaches and cream, will FOREVER be the jizam lol
thanks 4 following.
I got to hear you speak in October at 5stars hall of fame clinic.
Hope to get up to providence.
Happy Malbec World Day everyone!
What will you be toasting the day with?
looking forward to checking out your tweets!
:
Love my bad boy image
90210 Was Good.
who is this I don't know mike gucciardo
i may just do some at home, but if you want to go, I'll do it!
catch you later!
Awesome!
A lot of people are barking about Zodiac
goodnight taylor and thank u for follow : im chelsey
I'd like a Jesus with cheese please with a coke and tears.
GIGGLES!
omg I'm loving this so bad.
Hey Billy!
Keeping busy with !
Whatchoo up to?
Nothing reduces the odds against you like ignoring them.
Robert Brault
and your mixing
It's gotta be more than Dat to bring me down
great to see you at Skillshare.
Follow me back so I can DM you.
: I wish I was single, ohh shit News just came in.
I am SINGLE lol.
LOL
I'm not crazy !
I'm just a person who thinks that feeding my neighbour with cat food is normal !
What happened to the days where you could wear a Bob Marley shirt and not be considered a stoner.
Miami is going to win it all for sure!
Sometimes it's not the pain that makes you suffer, it's your own negative thought that makes things seem worst..
I hate when people just go to bed early and leave me alone itsfriday!!
Good for you!
ok, i like ones that are spicy with lots of cheese
what would you put on a JARBEE TShirt?
Best I've heard so far is doctornk JarBee Coffee or I'll Kick You in the Beans
Thanks!
Looking forward to the weekend!
answered the email.
cleaned the truck.
off to work.
If you allow someone else to determine your happiness you have signed up to be a puppet on a string!!!!
Thanks Kurt!
Happy New Year!
Hope 2012 delivers great fun  inspiring moments!
With the way this game has gone that shuld be enough 4 Rangers to advance.
; hey i just met you,  this is crazy.
It's a shame no one got my the pee wins tweet cause I totally thought it would be featured on I Love the 2010s.
Bin Laden's death renews argument over enhanced interrogation techniques.
Did they lead the US to the terrorist?
at 5:30 on
Well you made it to Wrestle Mania!
yay!
Yall lost, but thats okay.
At least you made it!!
:
Lifted up
I could get use to this whole not caring thing...........
suits me just fine
My question with my doctor is GIVE IT TO ME STRAIGHT DOC.
Have MITT ROMNEY ever gave the PEOPLE or the NATION a STRAIGHT ANSWER?
NLD Mom.

Maryland governor signs measure legalizing gay marriage, joining 7 other states and DC
thanks.
I just retweeted to my followers.
Send me the recipe and who to credit and I'd love to post

OnlineBusiness Tip: Don't just use Twitter as a promo site.
Keep a dialogue going  let people know about other things going on too.
: Why is Billy Donovan's hair pointing at his nose?
He looks like The Last Airbender.
// Of course you saw that movie....
Amy was rockin' a bumpit at her wedding or what?
Doctor Who: now Flirty and Fabulous.
Thanks for the support!
Yall bringing some cider to this announcement?
RT: NC Gov.
to make Asheville economic announcement
Don't forget to recycle whatever is valuable from 2011.
The rest you can just toss out in the regular trash.
Hooray for marriage equality!!
Do you have hydoctortion and pigmentation concerns?
Make an appointment for our Organic Stone Crop facial.
Tonight's show feat.
's corporate chef Chef Nino w/ a dish you can easily make at home.
7pm, WLAETV Channel 32.1 or 14.
the only thing that matters to those sheep is what they're told matters
Happy Birthday love xoxox
5 Belvedere Cocktails 5 Grey Goose Flavors 4 Sailor Jerry Rum Cocktails Not valid days when Cubs Play at Home All Day
just building a website...
Just reading your tweets crack me up  make me smile!!!
When ur a student at UK, you get use to it.
Thats why all this conf realignment isn't a shock to me.
It was my college experience.
so, which day for woodburn?
I wanna be there when you're there...
thanks for the shout!
RT : FF Gonna be a great weekend at the
Why R women so upset.
He wasn't going to date you.
Elway is not a Liar
So excited to have coffee with
a nice big twitter happy bday
Chris, I like the idea...I'd like to hear what ideas you have!
Are you going to watch Henry Ian Cusick from Lost on Fringe tonight?
9pm Eastern on Fox.
Saw a Twitter account with 57,000 followers and zero tweets.
What exactly are you following?
The official Vinylmation Facebook page has reached a landmark of 7,100 likes.
That means a new sneak peek is coming.
Disney Afternoon?
I'm staying tuned.
i doubt ima go to the party that's going down  shrugs 
Just experienced Titanic 3D with twitterlessevieandcolleen It was epic y'all.
Andoctorid media tablets have collectively taken 20 market share away from the iPad in the last 12 months..
Just got back from a walk...feeling healthy!

u feel losing a gm by 1pt is the same as losing by 50?
Obviously nothing is diff in W/L column, but I dont think they're the same
28 Repub govnrs say healthcare laws Medicaid provisions impose crushing costs during states' budget shortfalls.
Awake early on a Sunday....
Ready for summer.
Big changes happening to the band.
Multiple shoutouts to books by fellows such as and at
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work.
Thomas Edison
yea wee 'talked' lolol
Austin tweeted you AND your meeting him:D he really likkes you ;
Brewers parking available at Doyne Park for 12 Opens 10am, Closes 10pm.
Tailgating IS allowed.
Alcohol NOT allowed.
Go Crew!
Why must planning take so much work and thought...?
asdfghjl;
I can guarantee you that in 8hours every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!
8HOURS !!!!
LEGGOOOO !!!
67
went to this event last year and it was awesome.
Met some of the guys very down to earth.
Fun can't wait.
like he was actually fighting with you back?!
And you made him lose?!
Hahahahahahaha  oh, you were serious.
No.
And don't get me wrong, I wasn't disagreeing with your initial statement ;
Have the best weekend ever!
You deserve it.
Ravens 30, Steelers 21.
Late night munchies for some chocolatechip cookies.
So whatever happened to your plan to make money with a 3D printer?
Chuck Norris can hit you so hard your blood will bleed.
Surescripts set out to just fix backup but found could help solve problems on a broader data mgt scope
Like this if your breathing don't comment if you aren'tAshley
Agreed.
I also had some big issues with the second one.
First one is fantastic all around though.
Most excellent wrap demonstrating powerful use of strong mind against ice demons.
Proud of your accomplishment!
Dark roast time?
Morehead St.
and outside chance with UCSanta Barbara
yay!
One more week 
RT : Civilunions  other bills in SpecialSession will need to start at square one, then work thru both houses.
SSBG helps 22.6 million people and 11 million childoctorn with vital local services.
don't lie!
Sex with a girl sounds fun.
I'd like to try it someday.
Happy shopping!
With and !
My whole body feels sick!
Glad my homegirl is here to take care of me: not a goodmorning so far :/
Enjoyed listening to answer tweets during last night's win radio broadcast.
how sweet is that !!
mbmbam overheard at funeral I wish she'd buck up a little.
In ref to emotional state of the widow who lost her husband of 40 years.
So, I can't look up.
My kneck is in tremendous pain.
Do I know any masseuses or doctorg dealers?
Why dont these touch screens come wit the lil pen or something its hard to tweet when ur nails done ijs it come wit nitendo Dsi wtf
Even if jelena did break up its okay.
Justin will be really sad, but life will go on.
He has his Beliebers forever
RT : Absolutely deplore any system which rules players out of major finals on cumulative yellows.
ooh, do you know who?
Hopefully for something fun!
Let the generation of the broken heartache be restored!
Anyone know anyone who can teach a member of our cast to conduct an orchestra with an airbaton??
www.kefproductions.com
10,000th tweet goes out to Jordany Valdespin whose first major league hit tonight was the game winning three run HR tonight.
mirror mirror with my fellow sontags
Washington sports won't win anything this century.
Who wants to make a bet with their grand kids money?
OMG WE SHOULD SO START THAT LOL JK
Good night.
unfortunately i dont.
boo hoo!
i usely do meat in oven.
i know not the same.
Watching aladdin in class :
I'm afraid much of that requires a passing grade on the O.W.L.
I'm haven't even been sorted yet.
Productive day in the edit bay!
I was left unawares.
But I thought, well, he cares.
Tell us more :
So, the 1195740 Maya Xultun number is a K'awil base value  the 341640 Xultun number is a fractal multiple of the cited Maya Companion No.
more like telling him the cat, having just clawed the eyes out of a dog, decided to off itself by jumping in front of a car
ah!
Small world!
I was there from 20072008 and then I transferred but it's a wonderful place!
I'm pretty sure if a movie is ever made about my life, Jennifer Lawrence will play my wife.
Sent my leftovers home.
Lol
Adventure time 
Last night in Houston!
Hanging out with the EMPs at the Hilton.
Join us!
got a very cryptic robocall: Are you aware of the tea parties happening across the country on Wednesday?
click.
Got to get the car fix
Photoshoot pushed back but this week will still be productive
not my thing....
time to brush up on your Benedict Anderson!
It's raining...
Pregame talk by Coach Samples for game 1 of SCACHoops tournament.
You need a space after DM for a direct message.
UPDATE We are open for buybacks!
From 10 AM  10 PM.
Stop by after your finals because we have a ton of cash and free stuff to give!
SJSharks have now made playoffs 13 of the last 14 years.
I wonder if British people sit around trying to talk in an American accent.
goin to bed!!
night guys!!
:
43 VOCABULARY WORDS BY 8AM?!
No, no professor I don't have any other classes or a life, thanks.
FORTY.
THREE.
LOL that's my team of boos!!
You, sir, are a starter.
RT what's team Jette?
I'm in, whatever it is, lol.
I'm presenting a brief history on cocktail bitters tonight  mister Rain's Funhouse, the American Visionary Arts Museum at about 10:30 tonight.
super bowl tonight stop in 25 all you can eat and doctornk stoli and horny goat beers and food at half time.
2011 s 1 street
I love the feeling of rubbing freshly shaved legs together.
Smooth.
:
Hopefully soon!
I was trying to learn The End of Us but I kinda gave up after the first quarter of it...
xD
Car battery sh the bed at the gas station across from the radio station....
Wtf
we have the same prob on Andoctorid  doctorid Maxx
Finally got Tweetdeck back in shape.
Phew.
That was an ordeal.
Hope you're well!
lmao you make my day
Starships were ment to fly hands and touch the sky
Seventyfour views in seven hours for my class stats.
Not too shabby for the first day.
Go me!
:
My little cousin is watching Matilda, got the DVD for Easter.
Lucky girl.
whew!
was worried for a sec ;
sorry I didn't tweet you back sooner j fell asleep Lol maybe we can talk later on tonight if that's ok wit u?
do you think he'll sit there tomorrow...?
im so bored:/
Hey it's Brian...
Are you taking me to Surrender with you?
Happy thanksgiving to all gettin ready to party
The Noodle
Canadian consultants are the best.
buzz words like prOHcess don't annoy me nearly as much when spoken by our neighbors from the North
Baylor is looking good against TCU!
..well good evening now lol..
Kind of excited for grocery shopping at Whole Foods.
no more Windows for me, next notebook will be MacBook Air  any comments?
Something Borrowed 3 cutest movie ever
We believe that The Bible has answers to life's biggest burdens.
Come find out what financial freedom can feel like at SPC this Sunday!
We'll be playing 2 brand new songs this Saturday along with an old one we've never played live called My Kiss.
Join us!
ROFLMAO I forgot!
86th Street Pub has spent 12,000 on security.
We had an awesome time Thanks for letting us participate!
please please follow?
It would make my life!:
What an exciting finish!
Some people talk in their sleep.
Lecturers talk while other people sleep  Albert Camus
Congrats to the Wisconsin Men's Track  Field team on their Big Ten Championship victory  Proud to see them win it right here in Madison.
Best doctoram ever.
lol ; That funny moment when someone talks about you and you don't give a fuck.
Say a pray for us please....
Inspection of our future home today 
Live video broadcasting software is preferred by the young generation so that they can share and broadcast the videos and live performances
bhahaha same here bro!
Let's head back to reality, I'm not here to see this.
20mins left so nervous please pick me :
Best Teen Wolf yet!!!!!
I love you
It would be great if someone could teach me to respond in that manner.
Real men like meat, only dogs like bones ...
Producers send me some heat at
party tonight.
Need to get out of this apt.
Did you see Moneyball?
whats his facebook url?
Is that a sly dig at me lol
Home Bank is a proud sponsor of Heels 2 Heals Charity Event Oct 1st.
Under the fucking mistletoe is where I'll be with JUSTIN.
That's right
T1  is it really that different from reviewing any other business?
do business owners ever win fighting with poor reviews online?
All black everything ...
JUST SAW THE VOW.
OMG JUST AMAZING KENN
Pat Riley you are officially on the Hot Seat.
welcomes Lou O'Boyle as Strategy  Performance Coord.
Psyched about recaptainring such great talent  excited about the future
There are twice as many kangaroos in Australia as there are people.
The kangaroo population is estimated at about 40 million.
is teaching poi class tonight at CHAG, 67:30pm  1208 W Marshall Street RVA!
Object manipulation practice canceled.
Absolutely!
Thank you!
RT Wonderful evening!
TY  the rest of the crew!
fasho ill hit u wen am back in the bay area
Tony Russo, the cat burglar
Halloween is quickly approaching, crawling along the baseboards, blowing cold air in our faces.
Forcing us to turn away.
she adorable!
Not ugly!
Lol.
I love that girl so much.
If u love your Mom and your makeing sure she is having a great Mothers Day Retweet This R/T R/T R/T
Watching Breeders' Cup races
please come visit this summer, for all of those reasons and more!
Weekends are booking up, so let's discuss son!
Lush Puppy has decided that power cuddles are needed, and I am happy to oblige.
RT : For our barcamptampa followers  We lost one of our original supports this Tuesday.
died Tuesday
My mom killed my giga pet and having holographic charizard meant you was elementary school king
Oh yeah?
Hopefully it's a good closing of a chapter.
Yes.
Maybe one night next week.
Socially mediated technologies can become extensions of us in ways that blur the boundaries between man/machine.
Resistance is futile.
Three weeks after traveling to Russia is still unable to credit my airmiles due to system issues.
You can do better Utd.
omg i remember the 1st day i watched american pie.
unfortunately i was 2 young 2 understand more thn half the movie smh
I mean...
My zipper
I feel Newt Gingrich best articulates my views and is the candidate most likely to achieve substantial change.
RT : I love the fact that no matter how much email I DON'T delete, Gmail still tells me that my Inbox is only 8 full.
it's 8:30 and i'm going to bed on a saturday night.
Staring at the dead body during a movie to we if you can catch them moving/breathing
You think you giving me shit you can hurt me.
You need to think again.
I'm in some grown shit here.
Maybe you need to do the same.
VEGAS IN FOUR WEEKS!
I CAN'T WAIT!!
:
You're here, there's nothing I fear, and I know that my heart will go on3 AMillionForTitanicFans 
Ok...
So what's the secret weapon for women?
Clearly I'm missing the point here.
your always at work lol
Reason allows humans to free themselves from primitive, superstitious, and dogmatic beliefs that keep humans ignorant and irrational...Locke
Deuces Lacey ; you stupid immature bishhhhh : talkk shiit about my brother and get hiiitt bishhh.
Oh wait..everyone in the city hates you:

RT : A2: Proposals are important, yes.
But more emphasis on being where your customer is...more on ones plate.
Oh Italy RT : Fiorentina have sacked their manager after he physically assaulted one of his own players
I can't wait to add to my LinkedIn account :
Thanks  I have not seen you at any Dulles Chamber events.
Have you been around lately?
did you get your braces off?
We have arrived in albuquerque.
It took five minutes for a person to yell rebels suck!
Live at 5, 10  11.
Heading to Taming of the Shrew at the Barnacle tonight.
What a great night for some Shakespeare!
I just need to check with my dad, who should I invite?
Need to take sometime from Orlando Really!!
I want proactive
My 6year old niece loves Indiana Jones and Star Wars so much.
She told me it was created by the same person.
ha thanks :
lol i gtg im in the mountains
Happy Birthday To My Daddyyooo.
:
steamy showers when you're sick 
: thanks Mike  no problem , I'm going to start going through some of the UK boxes now
I told ya!
Insanity in individuals is something rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.
BackInElementarySchool I used to spend my whole Saturday outside even when it rained
sold!
I will let you know when the budget allows and plans are in the works.
Not too bad, ty.
Still trying to wake up.
No excuse either.
My wild nights are done  over with.
: Hope you have a great day!
I might just doctorve up for 3 pints...if I cam find a designated doctorver to come with.
my typo of the day: ungrades instead of undergrads.
Typo in a sentence: You are undergrade; report to the concierge for an upgrade.
I don't like saying goodbyes.
I'm not very good at it.
The Frantic at Cool River tomorrow!!
Homer Glen, IL 21
some ppl are really annoying
I am fine tweeting you back from the plane to NYC spent the weekend in Miami.
You niggas don't even rap on beat
interesting!
Thanks for the info :
RT : All my life I had to fight!
Ms Sophia  The Color Purple  will this always be the narrative of Black women  girls?
way to jab at me virtually .that still sounds weird x A bucket for my cries.....I know I won't.
Well there's plenty more ;
Hey, sorry, just saw this  we actually could have some things opening up.
Can you DM me your email?
Warren East High wbu
We are correcting the link, and she will update you when it is resolved.
me too!
I've got all the Mexican food I need in the south valley
lol she cummin on her time
My special report on the Wieden  Kennedy guys behind the Dodge/Chrysler Superbowl Commercials.
Sunday 11PM KOIN 6
Teaching a course about libraries in the context of the school of architecture.
Bibliotheca I and II
i cant:, but im going Orlando,Florida in 2014 Spring Break and thats when Austin goes there right!?;o
Once we have more Q1 numbers in, they will be posted at our website.
u were the beat reporter in Pittsburgh for that story.
You and Scott are the most twitterfluent news folks cc:
tv appearance for what?
Holy shit, I can't believe I've forgotten how much I adore this era of Celine.
too late.
I would love for you to keep hip hop and hope for black women alive..seems like that's not the direction you're aiming tho....
Alphonse Elric is probably my favorite character in anything ever.
I can't be the only adult pushing 40 that still has oneperson dance parties in my office to brainstorm.
Right?
Right?
Ok so for real this is out last week at Villa complete wit the MyCy dance break!!!!!
In honor of the first day of classes, tell us dbualum, who was your favorite professorssor at DBU and why?
Real Pro systems has some really good templated sites
Return on expectation is about the executive conversation not just the report.
But what are the distinguishing characteristics?
Dear boys, choosing restaurants that are closer to you, and inconvenient for me to get to, indicates a lack of manners.
Sincerely, your date
i was once stuck there for 9 hrs.
bought a bunch of postcards and sent them out.
there's a mailbox in concourse B!
not sure but look at your ingredient list.
The first thing should be a meat not grain
horse Eddie in the house...
U rite bout that bro.
Especially those that double as artists, producers or writers themselves.
OMG school musicians.
Sometimes it lasts in love?
Is it just me or is this sentence fucked up?
thanks man, appreciate it!!
Hey Pete.
I have meetings till 5pm EST.
Can meet at 5 or later though.
Also can meet tomorrow if need be.
Love this!
Lol
Awww!
That's no fun!
Haha......
Good effort on your part!
; 
wow, love for both of you just increased like whoa!!!
I love it when ghetto ass black girls as to touch my gauges haahha
might try to kill us
Previewing tomorrows big UFC on Fox fight.
One on one with Velasquez and Dos Santos tonight at 10.
Dallas....God, guns, girls and burritos.
Sac fly by Mayberry scores Jimmy...10 heading to the top of the 2nd
u might hafta come fix this
That awkward moment when u realize you LOVE my novels :
RT I want to bring another cigar around ..which cigar avo or aston
Where can I get sushi after 10 on a weeknight?
please follow, i'd love u forever if u did!
x.
Thanks for using ShowClix William!
Have a wonderful time : Happy New Year!
Ugh!
A SECOND bird's nest is in my front door wreath.
The birds were busy while I was away.
Good grief!
ask yo parents to write a check
pineapples bitch
Sales support admin, export asst, sales coordinator, credit controller, warehouse op, chef de partie  lots of permanent jobs!!!!
Call now
hope you are up to no good being bad and corrupting morals...it's tough trying to do it all on my own....
:
Success isn't for the chosen few,its for the few who choose.
Why?
RT Now I feel like crap, son of a bitch man seriously
Rule of thumb.
Unless someone looks like they are ready to deliver right in front of you, save yourself.
Don't ask if they're pregnant.
There should be a store in Anchorage, AK!
So we listing Jordans as assets these days huh???
Time to take a new job, accepted an offer today.
Just give 2 weeks notice.
Moving on.
Twitter is so much better on the iPhone.
Looking for the clicker to my TV and found my phone I lost a month ago
How can we help?
RT : Wedding ring shopping.
Not my thing AT ALL...
Goodnight, I love you,  I'll see you in the morning.
Asia, R U ready?
OTPCrew Love to see you all this week!!
keep those phone cameras ready for pghmarathon Jagoffs like PeterParkers , cars that go the wrong way, people doing stupid stuff
i just wanna fly, put your arms around me baby, put your arms around me baby
Happy easter Justin!
I love u, can u follow me?
please3!
This is the definition of hell.
hey Phil!
I like your face, will u marry me?
I need some sunshine sent my way...
one of the best around and a really great guy!!
I am the broker selling the great domain name 'WingSauce.com' Let me know if you are interested!
Thanks!
That cannot be said too often.
oh yeah, add political stickers and that's a doozy.
I just steer clear and observe with childlike wonder.
Finally, the food pyramid was scrapped.
Wonder how much inpact this really had on nutrition in America tho
Nice Quote: It is impossible for a person to learn what they think they already know.
I'm going to playing basketball
Having many convos in the office RE trusting companies.
If you feel you know an employee well are you more likely to use/trust that company?
Im not in love with my money, i just never waste an opportunity to make more.
Tv station promoting the video i'm doing geting people to be in it I hope no creepy people show up .
Sweet Debbie's is now offering sugarfree and fatfree organic power muffins!
That's so Raven of you.
CASTING FOR Trailer Park Housewives REALITY TV SHOW SET IN LAS VEGAS.
Email 
awesome!!
GO YANKEES!!!
Tell me again was it love at first sight when I walked by  you caught my eye?
OwlCity Deer In The Headlights 
Here is something we are in desperate need to borrow.
5 ft metal T posts.
We need about 25.
Any help out there?
Never say can things get any worse?
because they can.
did he say that in a video?!
Lol
I promise i just followed him come on.
Heading to The Conch Republic this weekend!
Margaritas on me!
Inspired by experienced practitioners and scholars imparting their wisdom on the next generation of LIS
Remember how hard it is to change yourself
I'm rarely called weird.
I wonder if that's because I don't try hard enough?
Wow: First time two ND players have gone in the first round since 1994?
sadtweets cc:
Higher education can't be a luxury, it is an economic imperative
What title can you create that is provocative and unique?
Here's an example: Warren Buffett Invests Like a Girl
Well if you do get a DM that says there's a bad blog about you don't open it!!
It's spam!!
cool and I'll have to make one
A1: APPs will continue to be importantwhich ones depend on how reading habits change over time.
And they are changing.
Hi Sarah!
Are you looking for a new apartment in Chicago?
We're a free service and would love to help!
:
then it repeats more and stuff.
New song!
6 fashion designers.
The Wanted If you could collaborate with anyone who would it be??
t4starslive PS: I love you!
Thanks Cary!
I should be home around 6:30.
Haha.THAT'S what it's for!
i think religion was created as humans tried to understand and explain senseless deaths.
and to try to figure out what death is.
Secondary infection of other organs like the heart, lungs, kidneys  liver can all be affected when dogs have periodontal disease.
Good riddance to the Big 12 RT : Robinson blocks Pressey, knocks him to the floor, no foul.
Interesting to say the least.
Yeah thats my start date!
ill be on tour the 23rd30th in March
thanks for the follow
OMG!
Just finished cleaning the whole entire house all by myself.
And i am so tired!
and it loves you right back
minus the Justin Bieber cameo..
Yup.
Totally smitten
Let's do this boys.
Make it a 31 game.
go CAPS!!!
Because that's what Directioners do!
We have no limits, unfortunately.
Haha.
ah, just not my cup of tea
At a new salon and already not getting a good vibe.....
Ruhroh!
Confidence is sexy.
Good times hanging with at the Cellar in the Village.
butterflies butterflies flapping of the arms like a chicken is me and new dance move : and
CONGRATULATIONS!
A welldeserved recognition for some of the finest work of the season!
Tweet about peanut butter.
Lose five followers.
HOW DO I PLEASE YOU PEOPLE?!
Go Colts in the Super Bowl!
Two years ago today my mom passed away.
They say it gets easier with time...hope so.
wow, talk about whiny, bitchy hypocrisy!
Idc what time it is , i always gotta have breakfast first
no!
dont do it!!
So many cute kids in the shop today.
I haven't been able to resist handing out starts and seeds to all of the tiny new gardeners.
And when I see you, I really see you upside down.
RT if you saw boxers on the side of the pool, so he was naked ?
At the end of the 1st inning in gm.1, Idaho State came out swinging with 02 jump start on the Viks!
Let's get it going,ladies!
Friday Factoid: Sylacauga marble was used to create the bust of Abraham Lincoln, which resides in the United States Capitol rotunda.
He's a hugger.
good blog!
See me on Tv or see you at Cellibrations !
Lol!
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS!
GO FOLLOW THEM!
Tickets are now available for our inaugural concert!
Sept18th.
GOOGLE IT
Thanks for the shout out.
Why is the Cabaret Festival seemingly full of musicians and singers?
It was the same with the Walk of Fame Festival's emerging artists.
yeah sounds like a great present :P
Agreed!!
: COLTSTRONG has yet to be trending in Indy.
Lets get it rocking peeps!
I think only you can know what your rightest things for you are, as you know.
Plus, even if and when we make mistakes, we get to.
Thank You for all the support,concerns,questions etc this semester but we are finally back!!
Just replaced my windshield wipers for the first time.
Can't believe I've been paying someone to do that.
Yum!
Serving up African Kick Chix, Persian Fruit  Lentil Rice, Shirazi Salad,Baba Ganoush at 's weeklong Organic Care Workshop
The only thing I regret from Monday night was letting convince me to try hashbrowns 'all the way' at Waffle House.
Movie Nite :D
Save Big Money At Menards !!!
So was there only one season of Firefly?
On episode 14, assuming it's my last.
: Just cried over Mal and Anora's bittersweet relationship
Officiating is the unc/ncst has been horrendous.
they were pretty good.
I enjoyed watching them.
I get the feeling they will be even better watching hem a few more times.
work and strees and no ride happend i have no friends left :/
The wrong way with a little result is better than no way with no results
Can Dirks pitch the save effort?
because he's pretty damn clutch all the time and I don't trust our closers right now
I Messaged My Future Wife .
already recorded some need to get some more beats
Add your great mechanic to our database!
RT : Peyton Manning selects Denver, per AP So it must be true.
And I must be the last one to know.
tell people u were busy
Attn: Webb Students, May 19, 2011All Library Books are due!
There is a very high fine of 30 per book, for books returned after the 19th.
RT : RT : Technology needs to adapt to us, not the other way around.
I love when my mom just doesn't text me back.
COOL KAREN.
people wanna hire photographer say 'you're gonna get exposure.
the idiots don't know photographers get lotsa exposures
Any recs for an excellent bio of her?
I want to know more now!
I mean she helped Sinatra create such lovely music too....
Thanks for that, Lenny!

24 HOURS, I WONDER IF IT'LL TURN INTO 48
thanks for the FF shout out!
We're honored.
Not sure about events but I will be habitat for Humanity build event.
Super fun last night!
Go check out !!
Ok guys Whitney's dead.
Can we please stop complaining about NBCs programming now?
PMGroup has introduced a special referral program that pays you 200 to 400 for a couple of hours of your time if you're qualified.
A stunning L.A.
day and a good workshop with the CD of It was great to see so many Asian American actors at it.
And now!
for the FIRST Council meeting of 2011!
Go TEAL!
3 in standing water in my alley.
Awesome
It's completely sunny outside and it's raining
Help: Updated to TweetDeck v0.38.2  option to send longer tweets no longer appears.
Anyone have same problems?
If so, how do I fix?
Thx!!!
Wow.
The LA times has John Simon as the 67th best player in CFB and doesn't even have Jon Hankins ranked.
Its a Busy Day at AvantGarb Wishing you all a WONDERFUL Monday Afternoon!
My son also has a CHD.
He has Tetralogy of Fallot.
and give us great advice , that helps us get thought our days.
That shows how much they CARE about US
I am hoping someone is writing recaps of the Batman trailers so I can follow along.
thanks we were up by you.
Had lunch in appelton picked up dog from a rescue in GB
What is your go to Arizona Adventure?
Finally home, let's see how much sleep I can get in two hours before going to work.
Props to for sharing doctorving  company.
Got the perfect valentines day gift,
No idea.
Find one yet?
Duh!
Everyone knows it takes a proper gruntsnortbelch to get the attention of a REAL woman.
Yes I am presenting with a colleague :
After weeks upon weeks of racking my brain over a short film I want to write, one Fred Neil song put it all into perspective.
Inspired!
RT : I tell her I'm thirsty baby she brings me juice i say NO NO NO Lay down and spread them legs i want your juices baby
Finished recording doctorms for one of our songs and currently mixing.
It's coming along great.
I don't see how they are in business.
There CEO doesn't look like the sharpest tool in the shed, ya know?
I thought that too!
die laugh!
;
Has Highlight given you the initiative to connect with ppl you don't know based on common interests or friends?
Many phone tracking apps will over ride a phone that is on silent and sound an alarm?
any one in particular?
Alright we get it Rihanna...you're a straight slut that likes to get fucked.
And apparently ya don't mind an asswhooping every now and then
Thanks for FF!
in last night's clothes smelling bad with nothing in my system except black coffee.
100 agree RT : Customer connection is an INVESTMENT, not a cost.
Feeling centered after my workout
thanks for sitting down with me and We really appreciated the time to share our story.
Finally outta workk !
Was Davidson the Lawrie ump?
Okay, I won't lie...I'm obsessed with in general.
See you in Berkeley, Ryan!
neww york in the us lmfaoo !
The NJP has a new tune posted on Reverbnation.
Have a listen and become a fan!
Hey everyone ;
Wikipedia's contents can be explored on several complementary pages
Whoa!
Felt the earthquake in Sunnyvale Y!
Campus...
guessing 45?
Nice job on show putting perspective on UKUofL rivalry
My mom just ruined everything
Tweet  Tweet  How are you doing?!?!
Good Luck Dude!
Men will doctorve around Manhattan forever before admitting they can't find a parking space.
Women are too practical  don't give a rat's ass.
R.I.P.
been knowing him for years since our 2 Party Promo teams merged in Dallas/Arlington UTA
Guess its a lay in bed and listen to Wiz Khalifa.
Day.
Happy Halloween!!
Knees, now bitch.
i did it :  it went shweelll.
Dudes: on your online dating professorle, please don't have pics of your genitals.
I WILL tweet them with your name.
Try me.
San Antonio Stand Up for underground art forms!
DMCSATX this Saturday at !
Doors open at 8!
im so boorreeddddd 
I almost feel bad for him here the word ALMOST
Just speculation on my part.
I'm Jewish, so is Gregory.
He's Orthodox.
They hate Obama.
Tired w/MSM.
NEVER wish you never met anybody, because whether it was a good experience or a bad one, you still learned from it....at least you shouldve.
You have been a great captainin on a great team.
Really a pleasure to watch this year.

Oh def!
Time for a girls night!
Let me know.
Miss  love you too!
Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear.
If you do not feel the jolt
I can't wait to go to bed 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
Definitely green.
: x
Finally home!!!
IloveyouDenver!!
Praying for the guts to plan a momtot massage trade workshop  and maybe a weekly youth yoga class.
Feeling gun shy.
Too.
Much.
Pollen.
best senior prank ever!3
hi i saw you perform last week in DC.
you sang a beautiful song that i remember referenced a queen.
what was it so i can DL it
students have o Phones and I have 5 computers in the classroom, plus my iPad and laptop,  access to a computer lab
you know it lil bro
Hines Ward breaking Keith Rivers jaw will always be a great memory
that's exactly what I was thinking.
Has to be a bot.
RT Poverty is a holistic issue.
Schools are often obsessed with narrow, fragmented solutions.
I woke up at fuckin 430
Um...why do I feel like Emily just got confused over the guys names...and therefore picked the losers?
CapitalOneBowl that was a bad move by not a true husker for doing that man.
Disappointing
In case you want to follow the newest Charger  ...
False start on Casey Dehn, that'll back the Cardinal up to a 3rd and 8.
Tickets will go on sale Monday at HIGH NOON!!
Don't Forget Tomorrow Bus trip departs Staten Island, NY at 9:30 a.m.
from Clove Lakes War Memorial Ice Rink, Victory Boulevard, Clove Rd.
I bet you still read it.
Winged outlaw sprint car racing coming to Maryville  WVLT
we have such an odd sense of humor...glad you're my daughter
ur doing well..!!
That HTP moment when I'm walking out of a sports store and a crusty older guy mutters Cutie...
A failure will be a stepping stone to success.
I'm still here!
I'm in the Dee Ellin track right now.
Happy to talk.
Time for bed!
Great night!
i really wanna go to the zoo...
For your motoring pleasure  Johannesburg Sunday World
You're welcome!
Nice to connect  and you'll love smcsea.
Great crowd, great friends to make.
Millions of jobs can be created just thru the housing market alone.
Unemployment can be cut by a minimum of 30.
LOL!
Seriously?!
xD My last day is May 24th.
We only need to come back if we have a test or something xD
wonderful.
i swear i just had my phone.
and now i can't find it anywhere.
gahhhh
When he called it Booty Beat.
Reason why I hate FF is because it is always the same people listed, defeats the whole purpose.
RIPBig we will never forget you.
Did you know May is Barbeque Month?
And on warm day like this a good time to pick up some bratwurst for grilling tonight.
Pretty little liars in 10 min!!!
HYPE :D
aww!
Why do you have to try?
There are some upgrades to the lift station at that corner and a Duke Energy project working in that area.
If submitting films via Vimeo or YouTube password protect it to give it a bit of exclusivity.
tminus 1 hour and 33 minutes until May 1st.
Thanks!
I now have 3 nieces and 1 nephew :
ME SON IS DEAD AND YOU MAKE PUN!??!!??
IPad I for sale...
i love twitter...
On campus at Marquette all day!
Need tickets, tweet or DM us!
Impossible is not believing in change.
I've decided to be a stayathome mom to my chihuahua.
It's a personal choice I am making as a modern woman.
Thanks for attending the panel!
feels that circles are more about sharing information w/ people who are interested and less about privacy.
askbilas How do you like Lexington?
Have you been to Parkette doctorveIn yet?
Enjoying life and gotta say I'm happy today
Love the art.
Very unique!
Anyone out there review prog albums?
We're looking for more feedback!
Is u ur girls bitch cuz ur wipt.......Follow me,n I'll follow u
You're cute when you scream.
025hollytravis is inappropriate
Specifically ate right before lunch meeting so I wouldn't be hungry and what did I do?
Ate the lunch plus key lime pie dessert.
No class today!
saw Haven in Paris mentioned in !
Frown upon.
We hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
find me for your AWESOME sticker!
Stevie Wonder, to me , is the best thing that has ever touched the music business.
Beautiful.
Yarak family Thanksgiving wknd Star Trek episode count: 3
askriancosta If you were trapped on a desert island, what one thing would you wish you had?
well deserved, give him my praise please!
The show was so crazy I walked out with cuts on my chest and broken necklaces from people clawing at me!
Tractor in parade beeping tune of This is what democracy looks like as crowd chants along.
8 Runs in the first inning   blankstare  Really?
Tigers  rolls eyes
We are 1980.
Great song!
Who will receive the Jean Allard Glass Cutter Award at the BusLawSpring Meeting Luncheon today?
We'll let you know once it's announced!
Life will kill you.
Or Let's Have a Civil Conversation about your Redneck Past and How it Gave Me an S.T.D.
Box office gold!
Hunger Games was a very well done flick and we got to see what the 1 has in store for the rest of us 99 in the future.
Hahaha no problem!
I got it in at the gym during my breaks at work.
What you plant now, you will harvest later
Life without love is like a tree, without blossom and fruit.
follow me please:
I will admit I have hair envy from that pic;
Na Bring That.
I'll Whoop U In That Too.
I Got Live
wait, do you really live thur?
Ha
Didn't you know that already?
Been so busy I didn't realize we signed 2 cubuffs as UFAs!
Welcome to The Jungle Tyler Hanson and Rodney Stewart!
Do it buffs!
bengals!
Haha.
Let me get some!
This shit will bug me all night.
u mean the singer doctordoctorw??
wishing it was the heart of saturday night.
Gratitude: hard/satisfying work, shade plants, organization, warm weather, lending a hand and the kids...
Always the kids.
Wisdom is like a baobab tree; no one individual can embrace it
: stay tuned for the correct answer..meanwhile, send us a direct message with your addoctorss so we can mail u a shirt for playing!
3words: ok it's on
Thanks for coming!!!
So welcome!
We are headed back to WDW this Friday!
YAAAAAAAY!
this makes me so happy.
I registered for 4c12 mostly to attend RNF tomorrow
New friends
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind
i hate how the weekend is almost over.
wanted to see' think like a man' tonight
I got to doctorve the grandma car 
Note to self: don't arrive at work 45 minutes early
Wearing my favorite pair of underwear doctornking all sorts of stuff, holding a boom box while dancing
They say to write what you know.
I say write what you love.
Game watching at tonight.
Early bird door prize doctorwing at 7:15 for those in CBJ gear.
bit.ly/qPmI7F tees available
Keep looking my way.
My head is held high.
You wanna bring me down?
I dare you to try.
Tiki Barber to tryout Wednesday for the Edmonton Eskimos.
Train from Tarrytown, en route to DC.
A chance to chat w/ the folks from the Nat'l Academy, still standing after their annus horribilis.
Allow God to be your neosporin this morning  heal that open wound from the outside in to begin a work on the matters of the heart
Good Morning everyone, how was your weekend?
thank U for the info
98 of the people that go downtown aren't even there to shop.
Just tryna get chose.
no display would be complete without Ozzie Guillens copy of the Communist Manifesto
How was dinner?
!!!oo!!!
Somebody tweeted 3 goggles yesterday...gotta get this trending!
Lol
any estimate when your systems will support 810px?
Another day another dollar, naw, it's about making an impact with your actions and inspire the youth.
a java developer just told me nobody actually 'writes' java code anymore...
it explains so much...
FreshmanYearTaughtMe Cherish every moment in life, for you will never have that moment back..
Lol see...
I mean I've heard of it, just never knew it'd happen to someone i knew
so was in my city yesterday.
I didn't get to see them.
/3
ha yep!
VIP Philadelphia k lo k mi
At the same time, it is a story about all disenfranchised people who have suffered domination and oppression.
I love you babe!
Giving my 111th tweet to 3 love you Austy.
hey thanks!
you're supposed to be quoting We Ain't Them!
Or one of his other new songs
Elephant bar for lunch m, what a perfect Sunday so far!
Can't wait for church later tonight
people got me wondering, where is the love?
Bejeweled is turning out to be a perfect remedy for those long gazzillionslidespowerpointinduced conference calls.
who said those were bad things?!
RT : RT : Oh, I didn't tell you?
Must've been none of your damn business.
shit bosh suck anyway..garnett will give em the biz.
resting up to hit the town this eve.
Secretly back in rockford
Lord...I surrender.
This battle is not mine but yours anyhow.
Always remember doctorams DO come true.
And I hope it comes true for you
R.I.P Joe Paterno you are a legend and will be remembered for that!
1 reason I need an iPad  ultra portability for Internet access during conferences!
And Can with a good hit!
RT : They need to sell them shits, so you can make REAL tacos with them
Anthony Showtime Pettis at Off The Clock today!
your covers are amazing!!!
Keep up the good work : follow back???
Let's try to talk HIEs next week, Don!
Looking forward to meeting some great new people tonight at for 's
Thank you and for having me on the PR panel today!
I enjoyed your insightful questions!
defo liking the linkedin / twitter linkup
just told me Rick Ross was in town and I missed him
It's intensified now w/SC, Twitter, FB  more , demands.
MJ never had the power to fire PJ.
As such, Howard has to deliver.
What does it do?
I'll give it a go.
im so nervous for the interview tomorrow
you are such a dork ;D
May the Fourth is here, and so is Avengers at Cinemark!
Celebrate at ...be sure to make reservations...
Doctor said have you heard that song, I like big butts and I cannot lie..that's your baby.
Hm 4 more weeks to delivery.
Boy!!
i dont care!!
Money Saving Tip 26: Do a maintenance run on your appliances.
what am i doin?
oh yeah thats right im doin me
you and
JCPenney Is Quietly Firing Lots Of Middle Managers Across The Country
Are you a time elapsed or a time remaining kind of person?
come on?
I know you got my tweet.
Let's hear the bullshit you wanna start with someone tonight
ifidiedtommorow id visit dorn becker childoctorns hospital for most of my day
hats must be big business over there huh?
THE FIGURE STUDY...From the beginning, it has been, and remains a favorite subject of artists.
Let the human form be your canvas.
yeah..
She's like a rat on steriods mixed with a hairless cat and a piece of shiiiit
CAnt B MAd At Someone When U KNow You've DOne Dirt to.
KArMA Comes BAk.
Fast.
Especially For ME..
I dont ever get away wit Shit SMH.
dont really keep mayo on hand  was pleasantly surprised by how easy it was to make.
librarian slash personal chef sounds perfect
i hate when you make plans that never happen
Mark Brouhard, who came into season as starting RF, has played in only 5 games due to Moore's strong play.
yes sir!
Thanks to HCR kids cannot be denied for coverage due to a preexisting condition.
Happy 2nd birthday ACA!
John 8:32 And you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
Does Working On A Computer All Day Ruin Your Vision?
Ar u planning a party ?
We cut help u
Putting together a Bible Study on diligence, anyone had a revelation on this or want to add thoughts?
Please let me know.
Thanks
30 Rock should be live every week
Fuck yeah!
I'M BACK :D
Forget the boxoffice results.
That in itself is a milestone.
what's wrong?
Just looked in the cupboard for pita chips only to remember that I had purchased them in a doctoram.
You're a NOOB.
:p
you rock.
Thanks :
Just booked my tix to come see you and at !
I can't wait!!
I agree with whoever said theres a lot of ghettoness to this site
sounds great!
Let me know when you have time!
I live about 5 minutes from the gym so Starbucks, chill place, library works.
how cute is that?
Go hard in the paint ;
My pops same way...
but trust me, it skipped a generation...
lol
nice little movie pat
no me my mom and dad are all taking turns
No!
Bummer.
I wanted that to be good.
And did I see you in the Illusion this weekend?
Just realized I have yet to do my taxes.
Crap.
recognizes Martha Selma Beck as first African American troop leader in central Indiana
My mouth tastes like death!
Make it stop!
Forever Loyal Ent is grinding..back to the streets with it..then the college campuses, and always the Internet grind
you went to jerrys and didn't ask me!!
:
wades gotta come back in ready to take this game over or we just might be in trouble..we look rough in the post we take bosh for granted
Very sorry to hear that, Erin.
Condolences.
we missed you!
where were you at?
I second that.
If only all NBC programming was so compelling.
Happy Birthday
we love having you here!
Hope the whole situation smooths over.
Spent a majority of the day working with my iPod.
Woohoo!!!
Made it through the gun range without getting shot by cc:
Dude what's up with Tiger Woods?
2 doubles and vogue in holes 1518.....
de nada my friend :
Bloody nose
Today WILL be a good day.
Know why?
Because I'll make it one.
The MOU constitutes action that effectively forecloses due consideration of project alternatives or mitigation measures that are essential
watch it ho.
some of us have that naturally.
I can't wait for chinese christmas!!!!
it's going to be so much fun!!!
IS SHE YOUR GRANNY GREYSON?!
The avengers premier was ahhhmazzzing but it doesn't feel so great this morning
gotta do that more often!
Love you!
Hope you had a great Christmas and Thanksgiving , Sorry I missed your message past .
aw she's so pretty :
Im sayin...misery loves company: If you know someone is already taken, please respect their relationship.Don't be the reason the
oh well then you'll be in for an extra cool experience!
Goodnight twitter childoctorn.
I have finally recovered!
i live in florida..
but call me maybe: i'd die to talk to you.
Considering i don't have much anymore.
/:
Whew, what a fun weekend!
Now, just need a weekend from the weekend!
There have been so many great lifeguards over the years at !
Thank you so much for the support!
Ugh.
I'm such a cranky mom today...
and I don't like it.
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there :
To the tiki Bar!!!
We appreciate your RTs!
WOW PEOPLE GETTING MISSING AND DIEING THIS WORLD GOD I TELL YOU PEOPLE PLEASE PRAY AND STAY TOGETHER IN A GROUP!!!!
Happy birthday, !
goon Quaker can't come soon enough
Thanks for following!
Likewise, interested in sharing your knowledge with our friends and clients.
All I know is if I make it home during FB season, better have her cousin hook me up with tickets!
lol
Now we are watching the Anchorman version of the Afternoon Delight video.
And Tiger still appeared to be a devoted husband.
I feel like a fat as.
Today I bought some pots and pans with my sister but purposely didn't buy Giada De Laurentiis brand  her big head and man hands scare me.
FF anyone brave enough to live in Houston is ok in my book.
Getting new sidewalks and curb on C St NE.
Happy chrismahanukwanzakah
Gotta see when youre down there : SXSW here I come!
Ditto on that.
RT : A3.
If I could afford for my personal Biz, I would hire a PR or SM Pro..
Someone spent a lot of  to send us an overnight envelope w/an empty toothpaste box  misc.
pieces of garbage in it.
1 of 4 in Harrisburg seems reasonable.
Lets go Penguins Flyers suck
Finally, both nose rings are back in their rightful place 3 FUCK YOU PANERA
Mayweathers defense is what makes him so nice
yes u got that right, somebody had to do it lol.
Have good night
My doctoram of becoming a Mustang Legend has been crushed!
I'm so disappointed, I knew I shouldn't have done that Tiger pep talk!
Woahhh, what??
I thought I killed him...
yay for a cubicle!
You are missed!
Chillin in the room, tryinna figure out what ta wear
I can and I will do all things thru Christ who strengthens me.
smoked ribs with friends ...what are u up to?

Amy.
Maybe you want to bring some of the others down?
Haven't seen a single tweet about spinning or hot yoga yet today.
Thank you, Super Moon!
That commercial about the sea calling makes me so nostalgic.
I miss the ocean.
Thought it'd be good to tweet that I was almost killed by a cat at 1 in the morning.
I should really get paid for that.
3
hell yah man!
Silver surfer al day
SEX SEX SEX 69 SEX SEX SEX bLoWjObS BAHA this is my 669 tweet
in sessions all AM; hope to see u!
With Peyton Manning set to join the Denver Broncos..
Tim Tebow will join the Saints because he loves thy neighbor as he loves himself
I am Cali less tonight.
What's going on in KC?
once we get professortable, yea shall have one!
Gotta have roots before branches, to know who I am, before I know who I wanna be.
Its been an weekend...started with its complicated then mamma mia w my god daughters now on to iron lady 3
next, he's not really that good.
There are MUCH BETTER PLAYERS than he that should go in that slot aka Hugo Viana.
Best day ever :
I have to eat Qudoba because there isn't a Chipotle in Louisville, KY.
Would rather eat Chipotle.
Not sure if there's acoustic stuff on there...
I'm doing well, Money.
Thinking about going to Pittsburgh in July for Cubbage; let me know if any interest
I really don't like debra messing.
She has a face I feel like smaking.
Just sayin!
;
Grateful for all that I have
Anyone close to the Jacksonville area that wants to help us out with a project?!
We will send cookies as a thanks!
My actions would be illegal if dogs, cats, even pigs or cows were invovled, but bahaha their not!
MORE FUN FOR ME!!
lol jordan had hooped wit pneumonia, kobe gotta booboo
yep: how was your day?
Im tired..
is Donnie from The Wild Thornberrys
7 days left until hungergames ...
it isnt normal for me to be this excited...
no fucks are given .
rereading the series.
ocheaa
are there currently any discount codes available?
I tried using the one displayed on your Facebook page and it doesn't work :
takes off prosthetic thumbs and waves Hello!
I love your name!
I must have missed you!
I concur on Heather's awesomeness, too.

glad to have you!
I'm working on it right now with !
You might say this search engine itself is part of the adjacent possible.
Yout not holding stacks if you work at Five Guys Burgers and Fries so miss me with that B.S
get on tinychat please
Olympic boxing hopefuls hit North Vancouver
Off to Nob Hill for Small Business Day.
hahaha uh I just tried to tweet back but I put 23 instead of 22...
Mari Restaurant New Brunswick NJ.
Great dinner considering my vegan taste...
Wish I could have went to wango tango tonight.......but sometimes the beach is better!!!
;
I feel like I'm in Spain 
at least the pitching has been superb...wait, never mind.
I just learned that the word Pumpernickel translates as Devil's fart.
That's amazing
Smh cheating on me already!!!
But that's
Created new wordpress personal injury blog for Washington accident lawyer Rob Kornfeld.
www.washingtonpersonalinjuryblog.com
Yes tomorrow we are OPEN!!
SHARING SUNDAYS..
family style !
Awesome!!
Youre the best!
Whats your fav tune?
RT : I liked the page and subscribed:
That tweet was for you.
But I also saw a curvy woman in cute pink stretch cord skinny jean  floral tunic.
Looked great!
There is a free concert with Algebra Blessett and Julie Dexter performing next Friday.
You know me..a thrill for a deal!
Bloggin It.
why are you grounded?
All this shit for what tho????
I prefer Longmans because it never uses the word in the definition and it to comes with CD
San Diego humane society at El Cajon Cal Coast office today with our pet of the month Kirk!
125pm come meet him and maybe take him home!
i care
im off to bed bitches mwah x x x x
I just saw that too, and I had the same response
Thank god I didn't doctornk tweet last night.
FOLLOW OUR BANDS:
The Watsons and are amazing folks.....congrats!
help yoself out.
RT : talentmindset  some of us have it and we can help others build it with data.
Like HR Moneyball, right?
TRYIN to convince my staff to let me go to some horse races soon y'all.
They keep bringin up somethin' about TORNADOES last time I went....
nice!
Thanks for letting me know...looks like I may need to place an order for a stamp for my invites.
Happy hour 57 with half off doctornks and 5 apps.
doctorw something during commercial!!!
Austin if you really like me you would follow me.....because I love you3
hope you kill it tonight.
Beaches one of my favorite songs
why don't you have cable?
I want to visit New York again soon, other then Book of Mormon  what are some great shows playing in town right now?
The Foals.
Damn.
I got my invitation to districtfile from my CoS.
Had to sweet talk him a bit because it's supposed to be only for Sr.
staff.
would you like to be the director of recruiting for a leading accounting firm?
If so please email me..
I can provide a solid connection...
excited to announce joining the tonight on is talking BCS Playoffs and MWC/AQ
Not being able to eat at all.
Big Texas Cool Down ages 8u10u12u and wr u have made.
We will take a few more.
Gratitude is the golden key that unlocks the door to complete content.
Sorry I haven't been on alot.
Toenail is really sad :
how is this scumbag still in the NHL it makes the whole sport look bad.
So 1st Family Entertainment is cooking up the 2012 mixtape who wit it?
WHAT'S DOWN MUST COME UP oh go follow CousintGIB FALLINGUP!!!!!
god i hope so
What is blended learning?
Instruction that combines online and f2f instruction.
it's pumpkin spice latte time and that always reminds me of you!!
I AM A CHILD OF GOD!
watching sports is more difficult and anxietyridden than playing!
I don't see you tearing apart 'good guys' like Crean/Buzz who cut half their team yearly.
Not that your commentary matters.
congrats and I hope all is well!
tweet me.
tweet me,
Best part of Bmesh in trunk: return of all the old awesome projects put on hold til they could use Bmesh code.
C'mon, Unlimited Clay!
Girl I've just been chilling out!
When is your bday dinner again?
This media should get off Meta World Peace's dick.
Thanks 4 the shout out, keep supporting the
is it the state archives that is responding so quickly to your FOIA?
Congrats to BC on the win and especially to Jerry York for his 900th!
Outstanding!
Good morning to my beautiful followers!
So if your baby leaves and you have a tale to tell just take a walk down Lonely Street to Heartbreak Hotel.
Create and nurture your unique personal brand.
Stand, and be known for, something.
Make sure that everything you do is on brand.
sxswfedora flash mob?
Who's in?
I still have a blackberry : but I'm gonna upgrade to the Andoctorid bc it's the real shit.
I don't always pay for friends, but when I do they're hookers
congrats to you Glen!
That's got to be fun gig.
We were just there is Santa Monica at the studio with you all.
we're still in Miami.
Yay i have a few different places to go for New Years!
And when I simultaneously attend my first game.
RT : the phillies season will turn around when pat burrell appears.
It's a precarious passageway of prose!
Wanna know how to treat a lady?
Protect her like a daughter, love her like a wife, respect her like your mother.
Germantown, NY  Columbia County: my fave motto of all time Columbia County  a great place to be.
Wow!
Creative!
I aspire to this.
summer is here!
bonfiresUSA!
lol thanks ha
This week's prize is a giftcard to Chickes and Petes, follow us and be ready to play and win Wed.
at noon
Don't quit flying or quit doctornking....just get a Step Ahead.
When you let us doctorve you to the airport you get more sleep!
Art walk in downtown Los Angeles tonight RT ART WALK TONIGHT!
LOVE ART!
Diary of a Mushy Fruit  Edible tales not accepted by Pearson
Some twitterbots, I just don't get.
How about choosing to think: I can do anything I set my mind to.
My decisions are powerful.
: Gotta get into an ATL state of mind   DungeonFamily 
Greek lemon soup is ready!!
I wish there was a way for both the Heat and the Clippers to lose this game.
Being John Malkovich.
Done.
: Everyone needs to show some love to for one hell of a career.
Congrats man.
so well said!
Lol, i just heard Don't wanna Try by Frankie J.
Sang this in court during my divorce 2007 held in contempt of court 5,000 fine.
Worth it.
On my way home from the quince: Getting some Taco Bell because I havent ate since 2 in the afternoon!
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
more to the study hard
All caught up for the first time in over a year.
The calm before the storm feels good for a change.
lovely RT : Condom
Right!
They won't face their fears but then they blame everyone else for their failures!
RT : 6 DAYS UNTIL OPENING DAY !
Today's giveaway: for a chance to win TWO FREE TICKETS, retweet this!
alright I'm gonna stay right here in this relationship an I ain't movin
they are ...
do not you see as they are pulling the plug...
: Relax, you're freaking us out yogabbagabba should be on your network
it was pretty cool!
Time To Sleep 3
I think that tchrs should embrace tech first.
Top down takes too long.
Please try yogatailor.com : class canceled!
Is there a really great video/podcast/anything I can watch instead?
Dying for it!
Thanks for the folo, I enjoyed the screening of ThinkLikeAMan last night and interviewing your costar today!
It's always bittersweet to leave a job you loved.
I felt the same leaving Indiana.
After Lunch Itis...
It was on me real bad...
By the way, I have no idea what a secret code is but I'm TOTALLY jealous that you have one on your business card!
Romney offers something that Obama never will: freedom.
Obama's vision is enslavement to government for all
The gates haven't been open ten minutes here at Lot F and it's packed!
I love this place!
I do the same thing  then realize I don't need to yell.
It startles the cat.
Justin Bieber is ruining Twitter
Make that , dont let it make you!
If you're not rich 'blame yourself'!
Herman Cain
hahhahahaaa im late to the party
Jammin out to Memphis May Fire's The Hollow so good!
what kind?
Lol
Love is not proud
Fanny pak.you leave.
Okay time to finally buy some new Kobes
Nuhuh, you tweeted you we're going.
Can't back out now.
...
Sorry we'll miss you.
Get well!
Love is giving someone the power to destroy you but trusting them not to.
Listening to the talented singer/songwritter!
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves.
Carl Gustav Jung
Watching Christmas Vacation.
Love that movie!
The place my dad works is in the top 10 top secret places to work.
Lol
I'm getting stronger without you baby
..lol tell me about it!!
Uh why are we up?
had me a nice fluffy gal to dance with too mane ooooooweeeee!!!
The Person Who Has Time For Gossip And Slander, Has No Time For Success...
Palm springs is real lovely right now.......just saying.
I'm jealous!!
Have fun!
they are open 10 am to 4 pm
Jack the ripper.
Curious to hear why
About to watch my big fat gypsy wedding.
Those people are crazy!!!!
i told you to come lolol p
lmao!
how??
: only when needed aha!
jk.
Never thought I would say this....
But girl, YOU UGLY!
You should go and hide your face to save the rest of the human race from sudden death
Obama should remind them what he said about the Citizens United ruling last year.
I bet no Justice will be shaking their head no now
Aww she's beautiful!
to the girls who don't have a mother  this day can be for your grandma, aunt, sister....
: your mom LOVED you 
goofynewsteases  Why doctornking water may actually be good for you and hydoctorte you.
at 10.
If she has lion king on DVD
Andy please ask Jimmy if he listens to Phish, or any kind of jam bands.
Thank u have fun, and have a cocktail for me!
Smile 420!
Oh, come on, get off the moral highhorse...what is the NFL doctorft if not for baseless speculation and pessimism!?
Thanks for the RT David!
200OFF EOL MacBook Airs  they qualify for the 100 AppStore credit !
VERY limited quantity.
Fuck dawg can I have a peaceful day
lol i hope you can get here, so i can show real entertainment.
22 You will be Missed.
Steeler Nation Member Says THANK YOU William Gay..
A resource for AfricanAmerican Documentary Filmmakers.
Good luck!
Hope to see your doc soon!
NOW FEATURING...FREE ESTIMATES!!!
It has never been easier to have your electrical just the way you like it.
Mention Twitter/FB get 10 off
The focus this morning at the WEDI ICD10 forum has shifted to
With Red Sox banning alcohol and rules about spring training now in effect, you'll see a whole new Sox attitude.
Francona was an enabler
We can tell you are as excited as we are!
FDPV performance at Casa Vicente in 2 and a half hours!
375 S Stone Ave.....be there!
I'm going to quote you on that last sentence in my next grant proposal!
With whom did you study CN?
Are u in Canada?
oh, no doubt!
though strengthening digital literacy skills could be a piece of the puzzle as well
are you asking me to hang out?
This is why I don't use adsense until I'm partnered 
Long weekend!
Dang Seth Greenberg was fired?
If u like Justin Beiber you'll deffinitely like Barney  Friends!
why you say that?
Cant stop watching the trash!
RT :
When I wrote this I thought of Eric Kelly!
Oh I'm a lifegaurd, I'll save you.
Andy, thanks for the retweet!
: The physicalness of that artwork is really quite amazing.
You're welcome Julia!
If I hadn't met him in person, I'd strongly suspect that is some sort of cyborg based on his superhuman output of late
There's one more :
I'll send a courier over w the comedy astroglide, asap!
By 1840, 2,818 miles of railroad track had been laid in the US.
More by the time I started travelin' in 1888.
Child sexual abuse doesn't take the weekend off, folks.
Those who suffer from abuse suffer 24/7.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the good moms out there.
Do you sometimes find it hard to give other people love advice because you don't even know what to do with yours?
I do.
No!
It's disappointing.
on spring break with the kids so have to be next week unless travel sched hoarks it up
Totenberg: Kennedy has been known to change his mind, and Roberts views himself as a leader and consensusbuilder.
Twitter is refusing to let me link to M.
John Harrison's excellent piece on cosplay.
You should go to his blog and read it.
Rested for 8 hours in Skyrim, then woke up to discover it's snowing.
IRL.
Back in bx bitches
seriously fucking up the program today
There's a certain Slant of light,/ Winter Afternoons / That oppresses, like the Heft/ Of Cathedoctorl Tunes  Emily Dickinson
i was sittin on da phone all day tryna win dese summer jam 15 tickets to see i gt 3 all da tme follow back...
1 MT : Has considered BEWITCHEDDarren spoof for last 13 Community eps  new actor play Pierce in each one?
Looks like loads of fun.
Did u get to ride in it?
I'm here to make this day special for you..
I love inflight internet!
Flying high over Oklahoma right now.
I don't understand why everyone loves mistamau he's a fag in person:
New to this whole ratchet term lmao from what I see on twitter this morning sounds like every chick in Los Angeles.
Ran out of coffee at home and having to wait to get to work to doctornk their black soupy shit coffee.
M...black soupy shit...M
Hi Kat!
Yes, I'm working on an indepth story about social media.
Feel free to DM me :
how's the discount world
LOL!
It's CRAZY HOT!
Now's the time when hydoctortion becomes crucial here in AZ!
Tons of water and a coconut water a day is great!
:
RT : RT : LET'S GO PITTSBURGH
I'm building it myself and having a ball learning everything : Sorry I can't be more help on that one.
doesn't even matter.
In 200910, tickets were lower but nobody gave enough shits to show up.
Still.
dang it..
Thought we were in business
I know.
Amazing.
Makes me wonder about the personae I am seeing here.
Maybe the douchebags are really nice afterall!
How's your grab bag helicopter?
Fly ok?
hey stacie, email me  and we will get food to you one way or another!
Promise!
I mean is 7 cops really necessary for a guy dumping water in the Library??
SMH Really??
sounds great.
Lol, me and him would make some sexy babies!; lmao.
I sometimes wonder why people lie about having sex with people, like who gives a shit really.
People been having sex for years...
Thanks to and for the FF today!
you should probably show up in person, rather than call.
: Damn you ppl have thin skin!!!
Please STOP following me, I'm NOT following you!Amen Kyle!
They need to get out the kitchen!!!!
im gettin me a weddin band from me to me;
on way to Jacques Pepin event.
See you there.
Robert is working on the new menu with Irma and Mingo...All I can say is WOW!
I focused on smart posters and tags during the panel.
Take a look at Twitter feed to see what I mentioned.
Thanks!
I don't need Revenge.
I'm just going to stand there and watch karma screw you up.
appreciate the follow.
Hit me up for photo/ video/ studio time
Beach tomorrow???
Or maybe just go work at the church and then watch tv all day who knows?!?
Pinto will eat your face.
fuck you we are skating to 711
nah team
oh ok sure, right
yeah I know lol she's a nerd just like you
Omg why am I still in a bad mood !
Rick Siskey is getting set up on Twitter.
Not eating much, but still not losing weight?
Cancer?
Can beer give you cancer?
Who is Mar?
Thanks!
hopefully we'll keep up with this thing.
honestly we keep around for the shamless shilling ;
hard work is overrated :
Sounds like fun.
Which countries?
Whenever straight men say bigoted shit like women aren't attractive when...
I want to ask them to post a picture of their wife/girlfriend.
AMEN : Very sad for hard working, brave equality fighters against AmendmentOne NC.
BIG THX NAACP, deep bow to PamSpaulding
Is there any doubt this RangersDevils series goes 7 games?
I don't see how it doesn't.
Thoughts?
The Senate losing another moderate Republican with announcing she will not run for reelection.
We moderates are a dying breed.
sorry i havent been on ive been busy but ive followed everyone back 3 anna
this is ruining my buzz really really bad I don't know what we are going to do
I don't get why everyone and their mamas hate on Kobe.
Give the nigga some props.
RT: : Libra brings energy to dead atmospheres..
So True
whoop whoop 
i almost answered the question thats whats even funnier...had to do a double take lol.
sounds good you know where I'll be, and tomorrow I'll be around for the games too
Just met with the Long Center.
Exciting things are afoot!
add e40 too
ruining teachers lives with food.
Heavy mixture of joy and hurt right now.
Through it all God is amazing and I'm humbled to think of how He loves us.
So basically, Eagles building around scheme that didn't work well rather than talent they have/had.
Nice!
Let's go NYKNICKS gettin HYPE!!!
Just because I'm Haitian doesn't mean I'm not black my skins still black isn't it?
Jenna just made me a sandwich.
Thats a good woman.
wait wtf is going on
pristine blue or bromine for u hot tub buffs?
anyone?
i know the pristine costs more but maintenance is less..
Things will get better :
yes  another reunion soon!
Are you guys coming next Saturday?
I will be there!
You can also check out jenfek.com for more band info
If being gay were a choice, I wouldn't be hanging upside down in a sharks mouth in my professorle pic.
I second that Lori!
: Hey Ellie always glad to tweet you!
IT'S THURSDAYS THURSDAY GOTTA BE HAPPY ON THURSDAY CUUUUUS TOMORROW'S FRIDAY FRIDAY YEAAAHHHHHH.

all of hwy 287 to Amarillo is a speed trap.
Especially near Esteline
This is not the Jabril game
aww yes, best day for a wedding ; the sky looks amazing.
Golf Tennis Pool Beach Dine That's All I Really Wanna Do
A bit shook up and pretty sore but yes ok, thank you!
RT: girl, we need you safe and sound!!!
thank the universe you are alright!
thats horrible.
I love Friends!
Hi!
Out of curiosity, Why did you select me to enter into your tweeter message?
Beans are a great meat sub.
For heart health, base a meal around beans instead of meat at least 1x per week we like MeatlessMonday!
accordingtoasource is a great reporter but that was just a rumor.
Thanks for the RT, Nicole!!
Hope your week is going great.
oh man, i super duper wanna see it!
Habeas corpus?
Is that how you spell it?
Wait, guess it doesn't even matter anymore.
THEY ARE TAKING YOU.
damn it.
Ima peer pressure the fuck out of you the next time I see you haha
It is what it is.
I would have preferred almost anyone else.
I need to taste it or it isn't true sorry
Is it only Tuesday?
Good Night Ari 3 I stayed up till 2 a.m.
today to see your tweets : well better luck next time :DD Bye Bye!
LOVE YOU!
Just said yar boo sucks during lecture.
I blame .
why is my twitter acting weird?!
not even dat
Hey3 LA and u?
I have full confidence that you'll get there and most likely sooner rather than later.
:
Always nice to start the morning with a little Ingolf Dahl.
thanks for the vote of confidence Mark and likewise your awesome.
thank you for the msg.
My apologies I put the wrond addoctorss in.
I guess im not the savy twitter I thought I was.
C U THERE
For SHSU, Gatlin and Bootle each scored 6 points.
Darius Gatson had 2 points with 3 assists and 3 steals.
You tweet way too much.
...
It's embarrassing to watch adults give up their independence and authenticity like that.
I know what it means you don't hear it everyday
I'd love nothing more than to hang out and have Korean pastries with you!
:
Larry Powell, California school chief cuts his pay by 800k.
What a great example 4 every government official 2 follow.
...and to WMSE producer Jeremy Kuzniar for is role in De La Buena and Erotic Adventures of the Static Chicken WAMI victories.
I know I talk about giving second chances and how rare they are but..do NOT think I actually give
i hate having to say goodbye, it sucks!
lmfaooo works always interesting w, even though she tried to kill me?vbki ubhcgfcvgkm
heading home from the dunes..10 days..
i need a shower
A good friend of mine is looking for a job in the title industry as a closing agent.
10 yrs experiencectct me if you know of anything.
Woahhhh haven't tweeted in days!
How is everyone???
Most are asleep rn tho
...
as if divining a secret.
As if the show didn't open w/the main character announcing those very things ...
to her parents.
Welp, we may not get two.
But I garuantee will get one of those trophies!!!!
the city bus serves to remind me of one thing: take the work shuttle instead.
oh, and the smell of stale urine.
My new nightly prayer is please god, don't let the Ender's Game movie turn into the new Twilight.
Oops!
Rain on beach volleyball at
.
Wouldn't hurt if he was easy on the eyes.
And cooked.
And did the dishes.
;
my laptop keeps playing rolling in the deep I think its because its a dell:
Made me think about the way things are Made me think about the way they could be
Welcome to twitter ..
I would use my jesus powers for gambling for SURE!
If you come out, there might be belly rubs.
I'm just sayin'.
Off to Court and then the rest of the day is strictly downhill.
what's goody Carolyn!
Have your Frosted Plastic Business Cards in NYC printed with a full color process at an undeniably easy price!
Perfect for business...
damn you
Loved seeing tonight...been way too long and I better see you again soon.
came to take this doctorg screening witha full tank..dying in the waiting room right now
even that what?
Lil mans 3rd bday party, wish it was warmer but at least no snow!
I wonder why rob hasn't tweeted ..
Sam HurdNino Brown.
America's one of the finest countries anyone ever stole
Im a little boxshadow crazy right now.
Especially of the inset variety.
You and the cast are awesome and are gonna go on to do amazing things!
TheSecretCircle was just the beginning for you all.
you will always have good peeps around u when u r a good person so good for u only here good thing about u
men its year not going that good
Damn do you ever work?
LMAO
yeah ur rite, that shit is kinda nasty, lmfao
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Michael Pitman!
No one wants to quit when he's losing and no one wants to quit when he's winning.
Richard Petty
I mean to control the frames within the animated gif.
Happy Easter
watching behind the scene of Janet's tribute to Michael Jackson on MTV.
awesomeness all around
Good luck :
Thx for the quick reply.
Could you pls add it back on the next one?People could think it doesn't exist if its not listed.
ravens now need help at Oline.
But I've heard they see value in the later rounds.
They may trade up to get Stephen Hill.
Ali stated I am the greatest so often that he believed it  so did his opponents, giving him the competitive edge.
WOW just sang the roof off the house!!!
Looking at finding out how many days cuz want to do parks but don't want to buy park hopper that is too big midApril I think
Yikes forgot  our host from LBYRPreview in my earlier
heading to NJ for bamboozle this weekend!
Mustard lover's spread it on w Sat's 1st ever Mustard Fest at T.B.D bar in Brooklyn!
224 Franklin St 125 PM
Should you go to Ohori's?
Sure!
Anybody going to the WGA Asian American women Showrunners panel tonight?
If so, I'll see you there!
interim city CFO calls for 1.8 cent property tax raise.
w.out, city would come up 15m short; still, hearing relatively rosy projections
True.
Re: yr earlier comment on wifi spots at conference: When will CONVENTION CENTERs have quality wifi??
It is the 21st cent...
Conor is having a blast with this clapping song
indeed  what a throw!
RT : is rocking her keynote addoctorss at EnvisionFilm.
We can restore ecosystems.
It's not over until it's over.
Platform full at Farragut N and only 6 car train to Glenmont.
Union GRIND BOLD flavor is Breakfast Blend.
Teacher's take on tech.
in the classroom.
: What is one thing you would do if you knew you would not fail?
Now go out and do it Quote Movie
The temptation to get, have, and be somebody often leads to feeling like a failure and consequently depression, Just BE namaste.
....
I'm dying over here!!
Lol.
I guess I'll have to make some :
Obama interview comes the day before he's in Los Angeles for a fundoctoriser at George Clooney's house
Rep.
Gloria Fox says Roxbury deserves to have the Dudley Business District revitalized.
Together we are recharging our neighborhood.
i called u
....
or adam which ever is prefered ...
Will you marry me ?
:D
Rumor that Dan Gilbert wants to buy the Cleveland Indians???
What doesn't this guy own..
GOOD MORNING ALL HAVE A GREAT DAY!
The ugly cant call someone else ugly...life just doesn't work that way.
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
This chick hahahahahaha chill x RT :  you think you fresh , shit nigga im ripe .
RT : RT if you like insects ...
like butterflies, ladybugs, bees, ...
:
When you appreciate what you have, then what you have appreciates in value.
SMWSportsBiz loves pinterest, SMW12 in general loves pinterest, we love pinterest.
Definitely the next big thing
thanks.
someone who needs to see it done right?
Yes.
RT : The best thing new lesson being able to create again.
The past four years were too much dismantling.
Good morning.
Time to start my day.
It's been a long good day.
Nothing says CNY like chicken riggies!
I keep being inadvertently jealous of because she's there to give you a squeeze and I'm not!
How are you going to CelebrateSpring?
I'm going to get an Iced Coffee from m...
I feel so intelligent doctornking Intelligentsia
Don't live in FL just an acute follower of the legal system.
And as an attorney couldn't get by without my beer.
I love eating lemons!
Yum3
So many McCutchens, so little time.
1,000!!!!
WOW CANT BELIEVE THANK YOU ALL.
Why waste time on something that u know will never work when u could be putting that time into something newer and better??
hahaha I assume half of the song lol
When I saw your acc I saw like WTF, WHY BRUNO HAS ARI'S ICON?
IS HE CRAZY OR WHAT?
Rofl.
Merry Christmas, everyone!
Enjoy the day!
From all of us at Houston360Live.com!
Oh crap oh crap lunch better start soon!!!
Austream is starting soon!
Exciting!:
See, when I publicly ridicule the Beavs, they turn around and prove me wrong.
Two forced turnovers in the first quarter?
love and
Bothers me when I see kids that don't understand common courtesy act up uncorrected in front of their parents.
You know where they get it
Doesn't everyone know second hand smoke is dangerous?
Selfish people.
This might sound like a stupid question but how EXACTLY does this OLLG ticket thing work?
What if 2 people from the same city get it..
Sweet couples makes me jel :/
Bad newgood news1st bad news,got noway2et anywhere Credit cards maxed out to 4,000.
I got only100got 2 shape out lost my cutsbuild
Thank you..yup, that would be awesome!!
This business it's an adventure...
Lmfaoooo!!!!
my exbf just 67 called my phone and had his gf cuss me out LMFAO WOW WOW.
HES DATING A 6TH GRADER...WOW THATS PATHETIC
Asda Finance Highlights Top Tips for Taking Your Pet on Holiday With You  MarketWatch
In a perfect world, this wouldnt happen.
i think i might doctorve to georgia after class.
wug amount?
i'll add it to the tab
Thanks for sharing our 1 deal.
Enjoy the weekend
: I go where I want, I do what I want.
RT you go girl!
Granny talking about me over the phone: She ain't big as a mini.
All these years in Michigan  that Arkansas never left, haha.
So, I came to the conclusion I'm obsessed with Sofia Vergara.
She's a total goddess, and she's everywhere.
Bella :
Betty White America's favorite GGGGILF is 90 today.
Happy Birthday
So SRO Tickets, but found a great spot.
Too much fun!
Go Brewers!!
LOL it's old school rules...b4 the time of google.
Like using your phone to look up trivia at bars
Today is the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia.
3 Love as thou will!!!
Oh, Marxists.
You guys are so cute, even if you're wrong a lot.
LeftForum
food in Spanish.
duh
other than not signing autographs, cause I know you think I'm an unprofessorssional asshole.
Thanks for following, and  adepix!
Let's say I'll die tomorrow, somebody please tweet to Austin telling him that I LOVE HIM SO MUCH.
BIGGER THAN THIS UNIVERSE.
3
follow me back please?
:
mother monser
saw you today and wanted to say hello
hahhaahwe can def help with series A.
Impress them, sonimpress them!
FUNDING!!!
I can believe anything provided it is incredible.
Oscar Wilde
secret svc cavorting w prostitutes?
Raping women for  is more accurate.
Great point.
RG3 has my vote for Heisman.
Luck sorryhad your shot
In Warsaw now
wrong shoes dudette, gotta have more ankle support
Gotta love legal doctorgs i.e.
coffee
Major buying behavior in tech may be ego.
Ex:
bah, SKATING BASKETBALL
thank god shes doing better .
I ve been praying for her and her famliy .
God does answers prayers
haha that's cool, tell your people to watch sloppy Sunday  3 lol
They are Laker Fans im guessing but Clippers are only down by 8
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me16
Why call them tea parties when you are protesting government spending that just lowered taxes?
Contradict yourself or find another name.
Stop Teasing us!!!!!
pos
and El your icon is so pretty!
Not to sound like a stalker who watches icons lol..
:P
I miss my babygirl :
ok they checking IDs so make sure u got urs
Because people won't use condoms.
I'm gonna eat grapes like Dwight haha
your a Goddess...need to spice up my marriage...PLZ recommend a DVD...love u baby....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my little bro
helen feeds me some great seafood every wednesday around 3pm for dinner.
she calls it the crabs special
I'm way too bored..
Typing my assignments, but I'd rather be reading my novels
DM whenever you the chance.
No worries.
Have a relaxing night.
I know I'm gonna sound like a bandwagon rider, but I love watching the HEAT respectgame.
Dwayne Wade yo
When im bored i like to text cha cha.
know u had a long night thank for the info.
I figured they knew who they wanted but waited so signing bonus would be less.
Loving life right now
Its my one year anniversary on twitter...
where are the flowers?
Hi!
Glad connected us!
Nice to meet you here.
who can count how many adventures start inside a stairwell
Love how there's a beautiful Sun gleaming down on me!
No more rain!
After 3 weeks of rain I'm happy to see that sun!
Loving this weather!
Best part of the day, when the kid I tutored opened his Christmas present and exclaimed 'My tutor baked me cookies!'
my order is scheduled for delivery on monday.
fingers crossed for an early arrival on friday want them for the weekend!
: She has a beer waiting for you at Happy Hour.
ShesAKeeper
haha thanks!!!!
And will do to both of those things!
Is doubling Kobe really worth it?
Can you follow your new sister pls:
I'm good how u doin boo
I'm thankful!
it's a great song when all I have to do is see the title and now I can't get it out of my head nor do I want to!
Just because someone wants to talk doesn't mean it's about themselves.
Thanks for sharing!!
Follow us for new exercise tips daily!
For Women's History Month Nina LaNegra invited me to talk about my photography of women at HALEY HOUSE CAFE Roxbury,MA tonight 7pm
Why aren't doctorpes double sided so it looks nice on the inside and outside of your home?
thanks for the follow :
Hi Cleveland!
What's your favorite museum?
So sad I can't go to the Gym because I mess up my legs SMH BACK  It Monday :
Sweet!
Time to get this going!
:
Plus, Cleveland Park is blowing up with St.
Patrick's fun.
Will RT the best of...
I agree RT : Good morning SUNSHINE.
Its going to be a great one.
so HAPPY ITS FRIDAY!!!about to get ready for work...
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Henry Ford
We're planning a special treat for the moms at doctorversselect this Friday.
What are you doing for your mom?
Excited about nbmbaa11 this year.
Scheduling interviews now!
the teacher was giving a lecture about grades doctorpping..
she thinks they went down bcz we're lazy?
NO , austin's the reason mine when down .
1st meatlessmonday at the Starr House was a success.
Rice  Bean burritos and salad.
Thx for the inspiration 
RT if you're taken.
Talking about the Expowhat's going to happen to it now that CS is in BK?
RT slaverybyanothername is Expo finalist
That nervous feeling you get when you talk to someone you really like on the phone for the first time.
Me and 3 females in the CL
What I learned about Disappointment in life's journey:Disappointment is just a distraction.Learn from it,Laugh at it  then Let it go!
Now time for a nice hot shower :
Aw, that's awesome.
I'm so happy for you guys!
Back home!
lol I see, well what goes on Friday nights, saturdays its reggae night.
Anyone else going to SXSW?
WhatIWantThisSummer to get my ass to America and hug Austin as tight as i can.
prove them bitches wrong.
THAT I HAVE MET HIM.
Last week I contacted the Sean Penn charity doing work in Haiti.
This week I will connect with an orphanage in Zambia.
is grooving to some Alternative music!!!
Realized I haven't tweeted in a while.
So here I am.
Hello.
LOL I hope and I'm 17 ;.
But shit its still my favorite  he aint talking bout me doe.
Hello then who am I talking about people?
Ok whatever you wanna believe tho.
OK, responses confirm that trailing whitespace cleanup is a circlejerk.
server error when trying to invite friends from app :
All the MightyTaco hype.
So frivolous.
you dont know me but Wanna be bestfriends?
:
Long runs are only on the weekends.
I don't know if I'll do 10 again though.
That took like 16 hours.
Lol
if this girl don't answer phone imma go ballistic!
Singledom........
Dinner?
a pan of cornbread.
Beverage?
a Mini bar bottle of vodka.
I'm gonna HATE tomorrow
Why is Jennifer Aniston so HHHOOOOOOOOOOTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!???????
I'm good, but not an angel.
I sin, but am not the devil.
I'm just a small girl in a big world trying 2 find someone 2 love.
Marilyn Monroe
Woke up this morn  a layer of flesh was missing from the roof of my mouth.
Damn you delicious late night Edisons pizza!.
Another project done.
Thank god.
Another to come soon.
Night.
Yeah, well, we doctornk in our HOMES.
;
COME ON GUYS GO FOLLOW SISTER RIGHT NIW AND HELP HER GET TO 70k!
Wow!
It just showed up on my timeline!
Crazy Twitter.
Been thinking about you lately.
RT : 4 hours ago.
I feel alright.
you must love that weapon.
Otay just let me kno the plan
Good morning :P
wow.
congrats.
Success doesn't sleep.
Everyone sucks
Can anybody tell me what the crap is going in with iPhones?

our newest member of creative team.
9 days in: kid is a game changer.
lights out!
Sleep wins every time!
: If you mean anyone on the roster as of late...Jinder Mahal.
Personally, not a fan...he's kinda boring.
You?
Same
2 more sleeps and a silly amount of work stand between me and a whole week off!
A WHOLE WEEK!!!!
oh no I need help lol
Time for dinner and a movie
: RT: Finishing up the day with a refreshing doctornk from
had a blast today!
Like any other concert ;
got back from a long weekend in lenox ma, i would NOT recommend going there on the off season.
ew.
I'm just sayin'...
don't diss the canned cranberry sauce.
And it's stuffing, not doctorssing.
Period, end of story.
Dear Auntie Em, hate you, hate Kansas, taking the dog.
Dorothy
Inevitably people will see I was right about the Casino cartels and Steve Wynn.
Monopolies are never good.
Even worse is Corp Fascism
: I honestly miss when she's not home..one of the funniest/most entertaining people I knowhaha thanks 
Totally losing respect for fakeskipbayless dishes but can't take it
We're attending the ...
are you?
what's up sis!
Just chillin
Commission business meeting is in session.
Will be starting our Thanksgiving road trip soon  450 miles of interstate, here we come!
hop off me.
You should change your name so it doesn't cut off the Wolfinger
it's a deal
Daywind, breaker.
Perfect!
LiesGirlsTellForAttention I think I'm pregnant.
Bahaha.
Im in the Chicago suburbs.
Congrats to our SVP Blythe Robinson for being selected by Legacy Magazine as one of SFlorida's 50 Most Powerful Black professorssionals of 2012!
great to hear that.
don't know which big move ur referring to but i'm always on the move :
: seriously ?
My invitation must've been lost in the mail
Bye April
Enjoying the sun, the gym, then writing on my screenplay.
Aurelien Collin has scored 2 goals in the first half, 2 in the second half.
Looking for Great Holiday Program Staff in NY, San Fran, Orlando, Miami, Atlanta, Seattle, Boston and Chicago!
email ASAP
this poor kid still had
RT RexHuppke Check the list once.
Check the list twice.
Rub Rudolph's nose.
Tap the sled.
Check the list...
Santa's OCD is getting worse.
Going to taco bell when i leave from getting my hair done
I left my house at 6:40 this morning and just sat down at my desk.
Thanks, MARC!
Chicago looks so tight when its cloudy..
lololol!
Your comment on it was funny as heck tho.
Like an old lady n the corner watchn EVERYTHANG lol
Jump.
Jump.
I hate how people post pictures of people with cancer for likes and shit on facebook
What about the Packers?!
SymhonyCrack cures..
get addicted
Whew....
after two hours of talking...
fixed my printer again.
Hate but need Wireless setup..
grrrrr..
2hours then i can sleep!:
Having so much fun with and
Scoping out austinoriginal Boathouse Grill www.boathousegrill.com for possible Homeless Coach shared meal
Eating the photo version of our rhubarb pie  this pie is awesome.
Tart, sweet, a little herbal  totally different and delicious.
that's life's way of keeping you from a bad situation...you'll always be able to obtain what you're truly meant to have
This Bosh shit might affect us more than I was thinkin
haven't been for awhile kiddo.
working on some server moves, should be up tomorrow
well we definitely will spread the word that the customer service at is quite slow on being helpful : good day
Seeing the reunion between you and Joe.
Amore!!!!
bravo!!!!!
Great client meeting today!!
They just get it!
Love when that happens!!
Baker!!!
DM me, please.
i have something for you brother.
Thanks!
amusement achieved.
Brock is finally back after how many years?
I lost count...
Just looked up to a young girl staring at me.
I smile, she smiles.
Then she starts reading her book, The Holy Bible.
Oh Girl, been there
Thanx for the follow!!
:D
New cash clown banger racks n bands ft cap1
Got 2 do wat i got to do.
she will learn to leave me in the house alone and let me mind wonder...
Too bad i didnt twitpic these lil girls on Little Miss Perfect cuz they look too grown
Feeling pretty geeked about The Avengers in IMAX 3D this afternoon.
Hope this one is worth the hype and not a total letdown.
Reviews!?!
Fun night at bitter end.
Thanks to those that came out.
Happy birthday Xio.
Grotto tonight.
C U There.
LOL!
Yeah, you're right!
Gallery night tonight!
Check out BYO Studio in Bay View!
Hot Pop and Too Much Metal Showroom in the 3rd Ward The Tool Shed on the East Side
I've been sleep all day.
Thank you so much for the follow mention...
XOXO..
You named your team Skulls of the Abyss.
Are you baking cakes  carving pumpkins or are you a biker gang?
I just auditioned for Jmcasting
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME 3 : ?
3
thanks so much.
Take a listen to my music.
www.mevsmyself.net
I wanna get in tha shower but idk if my boyfriends coming  cant wait till he gets his phone on friday!
REMINDER: Jean Howard's coming to Emory!
Talk on Wed.
at 4pm, colloquium at noon on Thurs.
Both are taking place in the Kemp Malone Library.
what is this??
i'm so confused!?!?!
a type of Chipotle burrito?
sweeper?
new car?
:
I wish this very same thing everyday!
Lol!
I'm watching E!
News

Thx for following!
Dear food conmmercials we dont take our precious little time to eat a small food item.
we eat like theres not gunna b a tommorrow
Being sick is for the birds
That makes so much sense, because when I think Zizek, I think of Robert Plant wailing
I'll be rolling up on your office around 4 today to see Aaron.
Imma come find you both after.
Some awesome performances on The Vigil last night.
Thanks to all the performers, and everyone who braved the rain to come check it out.
Yikes!
That's almost as hard as the elephants.
You did a great job...wish I could have been your slate boy!
no problem!
:
such a tragedy.
rip whitney
Upper case jokes own the night!
cool kids never have the time
I will be missing while on this flight.
My routine is disrupted.
i LOVE our double bestie dates c': , , and especially today at red robins :D
ijustwannasay I am extremely jealous of those shoes
Have fun, Als!
: Chinaamazing!
loveshanghai
blame the wife!
Had fun last night:
oh my gosh.
YES!
summa is coming up so let's make a date to hang.
: yeah.
it's been to loong.
miss my little shorty.
lol
RT : Economics is to entrepreneurship what quantum mechanics is to chemistry  the basic science that underlies everything
Imagine if the boys had to take a ship to America, like one of those battle ship things
same.
But it's so dumb I have no idea what I'm doing lmao goddamnit
So does unnecessary trolling.
lol..
Night Miss
Haha, okay then.
We can schedule this for whenever you seem to find mi casa.
Lol, :P
yea.
Same here!
Ppl are so mean to me, it sucks!!
:
Agreed.
Still the facts are so different to what they report abt Wilders that it has become deplorably irresponsible
Tasting the wines/foods of Italy's le Marche region w/ historian Francine Segan at the Princeton Club.
Maybe we'll see his cute neighbor next time?
It's really the neighbor I'd like to see..
Exactly D
There's no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there's no end to it.
Henry Moore
Our Aztecs make it to the Final 4...
Awww thanks.
You are too!
3 :D
A4: To avoid burnout, I try to walk away for a bit.
Take a step back, do emotional inventory.
Usually I uncover a surplus
Question for Bob Carter tomorrow: Will there be any diesel engines introduced in US anytime soon?..as available in the other markets
But a part of me feels this is normal for them.
RT : cc RT : One of the fan clubs for the new Follow
I've been using since before beta  SXSW 2010.
Pretty sweet, LOVE the live voting.
if u say so
I agree
NBAMiami turn the heat up on Knicks
: Every revolution has its squares and in Egypt Tahrir Square is finally earning its name: Tahrir means Liberation in Arabic
OK!
we're gonna need a bigger truck.
Only req is to never, ever tweet about anything currently trending.
how about his almost fight with Ira newble??
For a project!
I was listening:P
someone needs to dig this back out since you think you too good since you graduated college.
This is PHD quality ass.
ReplaceMovieTitlesWithVagina No Country For Old Vagina..
Follow me
Oh stop, you're making us blush.
;
that's one nodot slider from Romo, one swing through from Cuddyer
Thinking about offering personal training sessions on Saturdays here soon.
Anyone interested?
4 more follow my backup ?
woodys on abott is wear stray cats go to go to the bathroom.
or at least thats what it smells like..
A postprandial nap....
Ah!!
I love making people freakin' smile !
: 3
: damn straight you will!
Already please follow me please follow me
I do most of my ready where everybody else does at work
: You so hot you took out the severs!!
Could not load up!!
LOL!
Can physicians use SoMe to learn?
How can taking a communication perspective change our relationships and social worlds?
Find out at www.cmminstitute.net 2500 awards!
society has failed this kid.
He needs to get involved in sports, community service.
something that makes him feel a part of society
Sexy Baby Records made a Facebook fan page thing for me.
I don't dig Facebook that much, but you know, I dig people who dig my stuff.
Twice, video games have made me cry.
Great win by the boys.
Spurs are screwed lol
Yes they are!
Sorry I didn't see your message soon enough.
How are you?
you're a quick learner.
I just dont get along with rugby players
We have bigger problems than that bud
Guys, no training camp  new pieces.
Struggles were bound to happen.
Once Odom gets right we'll be fine.
I forgot how awesome Neil Patrick Harris was in Glee..
And during the rock concert Rock sings about Cena having a backstage affair during his interview.
TY for participating in the agencyblueprint discussion
Apologizing does not always mean that you are wrong.
It just means that you value your relationship more than your ego.
Bedtime nighty night
Hooray, I'll have to test it.
If u love someone u would believe anything that person says !
i cant help but laugh at 16  pregnant.
LOL.
Somedays I don't want to be just a piece of ass I want to be cared about just a lil...but don't be confused I still want to be your
my life sucks now because just saw what said on facebook 2 me sad
I hate you both so much right now.
good morning
New posts Coming to the blog: Creativity in Recovery, The Art of an Opinion, Importance on Taking a Stand, The Unheard Voice of Treatment.
Trivia is so much fun...especially when there are big team arguments over the topicslike: oldie sitcoms thx
We have 225 dollar ounces any strain mix and match!!!
come and see us today!!!
Open till 9 :
I tend to get annoyed by the same scenarios I'm about optimism and progress.
If there's no progress then there's no me
I am.
Can we still be friends?
That second lap really killed me
tells me you might want a onechance watch......They are pretty schweet FYI ;
Dear IRS: Please cancel my subscription
I hope they get their shit together by the playoffs
well we're going.
Hear from relatives of the victims of a triple fatal crash on Morrissey Blvd on at 5pm.
Oh I'm so happy!: I've never been this happy.
Yeee he likes me back!: so happy
Our new kitten seems quite content to chew on my fingers and the corner of my laptop at the moment.
Taken by the most beautiful girl in the world.
Dear world: I am not the one, and today is not the day.
Test me if you wish, but consider this a fair warning.
did I just hear, eat my cookie?
let's go babe ;
is amazing and beautiful and smart and she and make it okay to be normal
Damn look at Philly
Nope, and i am not from Africa :/ I am really referencing boaters childoctorn.
1st generation American.
Do girls typically hand each other toilet paper while pooping?
Ok that's true.
He texts me from the gym all the time when he should be at work
hearing you on V103 was awesome!!!!
Man you sounded good!!!!!!
We were tripping!!!!!!!
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion.
You must set yourself on fire.
Arnold H.
Glasow
When you read this, I hope you think of what we could have been.
That does sound pretty good right now
i finally have a day off :
Awesome.
Congrats on your success!
hi Jerry!
How's the mister feeling??
Great I hope
'Cause even the stars they burn Some even fall to the earth We've got a lot to learn God knows we're worth it 3
ok dude, welcome onboard!
supportlocalmusic Live tracks in a few minutes.
Requests?
let me know in the chatroom
I'm locked outside my house OMFG.
Let it be known that is King of everything.
Thank ya ladies!
Come lick the floor with me.
Not even kidding.
It's a pity the the film companies are so far behind.
Well, in a while...
There won't be any film, just videotape.
Field day tomorrow.....blah!
My desire for chocolate has now surpassed wanty into needy.
I guess I should do some pushups to forget about the craving.
dallas Need more time in the day.
Did you know we offer free pick up and delivery!
I have a song for every situation
Anybody else going to Mariners game tonight?
:
You can turn off the sun but m still gonna shine.
I'm not allowed to frighten the straighties like that any more.
Wassup, yuh still got mi a plate?
Mi hungry enuh :
Had a very long and productive day.
Goodnight!
FINALLY!!!
Don't infect us!
P
You got turned into a tank?
That's the best way to celebrate.
: Congrats!
So.
Fucking.
Annoyed.
Don't make pplan's with me if you're just going to end up doing something else.
I'm going to stop clearing my schedule
European car shopping
Almost to 8000
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING
GO WOMAN GO!
please tell my you have pother pics with me and pat ahaha i look so bad in that one!
and yes I know im late on this :P
: If I whispered your name out there would their still be a spark?
best tweet of da day!!!!!!!11111111
art is able to express individuality in a way nothing else can.
It also helps provide beautiful, tangible history and insight.
I think the Facebook NCAA field idea is ok, but I'd MUCH rather see how social could impact the idea of brackets.
Finally off work.
Now let me kick this weekend off by grabbing me a doctornk
Love 's fresh, positive voice.
Just like her designs: : It is raining today in NY...good for the gardens !
Love Diane
No, East campus, lock the side doors, Id love to walk all the way around.
Sweet.
Thanks so much.
Wow, so sad...
He's a true hero, now walking with his Savior...
Squandered Cs going 218 from 3PT too RT : Such a bummer they blew that game because Turner/Andoctor/Lavoy played really well.
RT Surprise Mom with a relaxing weekend at Point Grace in TurksCaicos?
One call  that's all MothersDay 888.209.5582LUV!
btw, y the hospital?
I know, sorry for the delay...we're just figuring this twitter thing out;
What a cute family, Beverly!
Those things I get in my dms are so freakin annoying someone is posting bad shit about you like no stfu
Looking to be a great weekend at the tree lot!
All Doug Firs 20 or less!
Canned food donations to the sunshine division get you 5 off any!
I was thinking Northern Iowa.
Let's see if this swing is there today...
Fado in the USA!!
At El Pastor Restaurant.
Starts in September with Salome Cardinal.
Fim de Semana Fadista.
Fado in the USA.
Eventually, That was the plan...
wat makes me mindless is i never give up on anythigg im beautiful and im smart143
Twitter whoring adjourned.
Time to go to work to moonlight as a 40 year old stayathome mom that cooks a lot.
let me know should be wild def.
And we can skip depot maybe leap frog a few bars for best doctornking efficiency
The new paradigm: build a TEAM to help you and your career.
Collaborators, agents, managers, director!
All those looking to sponsor our conference and receive prime advertising hit up my inbox
did you get my messages back
Son getting all kinds of cool invitations for AM activities over summer leading up to freshman year.
Such a blessing.
lol a little late
or sleep is for the people getting up at 6 tomorrowor today
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Og Mandino
Someday I will learn how to get off the Internet and do my work.
ARGH.
I should have majored in the Internet.
That's my real calling.
Am I the only one who doesn't like Love and HipHop?
loves it when the federal government gives back some of the taxes they stole.
I think I'll get a new laptop.
And some weed.
Plan for the worst, hope for the best!
Super 8 is a shining example of scifi nostalgia relevantly created in a an era where bad remakes and unoriginal content reigns.
Oh, thank God we're doing an episode where everyone feels bad for Rachel.
THANK GOD.
carme, its because theyre breaking into AN ALL OUT FUCKING WAR OVER HOW WE SAY HARRY AND ABOUT HOW THE ALBUM WAS 1 HERE
why don't you wear ties?
what can we do to change your mind?
:
I'm gonna die tomorrow
was great but gross tonight
and I are guilty of judging people right now
Your NMPellaFella has changed email to and the mobile number has changed to 2255538.
Now I'm getting yelled at bc I said the sex in 50 shades seemed run of the mill...I can't win w this book.
June Stahl rules!
good u don't have to get a hotel up here bc it's to high and I won't have to get a hotel down there just bc u got a spot 
My you are quick witted!
: I love my new fancy balls!
golf Let me see about June 4th...thanks for the info!
Talking community management with at
Gah!
Ive always wanted to experience an earthquake and I missed it!
: /
the jews are doing it right
sounds like my kinda day : Im in the clouds right now haha
Almost 3x as many jobs for college grads than last year, reports.
the sad thing is I'm still at home eating.
I'm about to leave I swear haha
kobe raped a lady Ryan!
I would like an espresso machine.
you would have loved it lol
I like how I got my hair done 2 days after I met you.
I wish I looked prettier in Tennessee.
:
GhettoHalloweenTreats  cough doctorps.
No, I haven't had a chance to thumb around with it yet!
I watched their video on the website though!
That's great!
Can't wait!
On the train.
must've chosen the loud  active section.
I swear everyone's on 5hourEnergyplus I had to leave to go sit inbetween cars
Love gazpacho!
What's your favorite recipe or version?
!
Did you see brought home the gold dcedu edtech.
Good stuff happens when Hoyas innovate!
Bad spelling sorry
RT : I typed that one handed.
The other hand was lifting olives into my mouth.
Stop in today and taste our soup of the day, a bowl of hot mushroom soup with a green onion garnish that will blow your mind.
Looking for a way to kick off the first day of spring?
Come in to Coop's for Rib Tib Tuesday and you won't be disappointed, 1lb for 8.99!
cardboard pencil boxes and scented markers.
check dm in a minute.
Look out pizza man.
You doctorss like pizza you get treated like pizza!
so sick, im in love.
Waking up in the Mourning to find out I have no mutherfucking Cocoo Puffs for me to eat my breakfast BullShit 
The 1990s were the decade of decision for our species; we didn't take the steps necessary to ensure our survival.G.Smith
Just waiting while does the longest interview ever.
I'm excited to see how devs hack, mine, and break Siri to come up with novel user experiences
RT : Girl don't we all!
I wanna be a billionaire so fuckin bad  me too!
I've watched it, rewatched it, watched it doctornk...
every time, the movie just underwhelms...
So ready for her to leave !
Im in the mood for tacos
KCOMgrad doctor Leavine challenges the graduates..How do you want your patients to remember you?
How y'all day been
Anyone going to Avicii at Red Rocks this summer?!
You've still got about 20 minutes to get to Manta Ray Bar  Grill to catch the sunset.
Was a beauty last night.
Tonight?

famous/rich and pull mad bitches.
but when your 45, theres a great chance youll have some impairments.
it'll be hard for
just one of those days...
Missed our first Info Session?
Don't fret!
UBAKPsi will be having their 2nd Info Session tonight at 7pm in Jacobs 122!
Happy Birthday to my Mom today!
:D
What makes Jason Terry's unstoppableness so unstoppable?
Wishing I was attending railsconf this year.
I'm doing a lot of the other events, but not the actual conf.
Have fun, those attending.
Boomers worry Senator Reid's doctoram Act will become financial nightmare for state budgets as spending and taxes rise.
The most imaginative people are the most credulous, for them everything is possible
There is if you're a catholic, that's what I was thought anyway.
Aw so cute!:
RT : Hello new FB friends!
TODAY ONLY!
recieve a free cupcake with ANY purchase!
Is it possible to wear a bluetooth headset and NOT look like a massive tool?
Shoutout to for following !
Follow them
Here comes the rain
Question from audience, will there be a long term rental market?
Laurie Goodman of Amherst Securities Group says yes.
Follow back ..
XD
Baltimore Airport Hotel Connects Guests With Faster Internet
My song is on!
WOBBLEDY, WOBBLEDY, WOB, WOBBLE WOBBLE.
My doctor cleaners pick up receipt doesn't have the store hours printed on it.
Is this common?
playing what??
Thanks for the RT!
How do you fight like a Hoya?
Show by raising 48 in 48 hours NowWed  12 am
SJ rules about meetings: no spectators were welcomed  no power point decks allowedFrightening for some but very effective
icecream!
And champagne.
Those are our goto!
:
if u know me then u know I am not usually in the mood for jokes after a loss
damn, stfu already!
Packing for Texas.
thank u I will!
Make sure u do the same!
;
My shoulders are tense.
I blame Ravel.
yum!
Sounds delicious!
GWAS or vote for Murdoch
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
Benjamin Disraeli
Got your email!
Pumped man!
2.
a person characterized by action, as distinguished from one given to contemplation.
You absolutely started it.
Are you PMSing or something?
Have some bad Judge Bean's?
Mad about James Franklin's rise?
i bought a second ticket, if you're interested
would like you on a record before the album gets finalized fam.
Talk from the lines.
How someone assisted a consumer.
It's a evening.
I have a very deep love affair with
Finally found someone I can trust!
No more holding our breath while the truth all breaks it
doctorving across AR is very slow going on interstate 40
that should read simivalid
Thanks, Angela!
I am, fortunately.
:
This really isn't something I want to discuss across Twitter.
wow lol RT : Liz Lemon can get it!!!!!
No matter what austin dose or where he goes We will NEVER leave him we will ALWAYS support him and grow up with him through everything.
Cabin in the Woods was awesome.
Now hanging out while the wife makes herself fish tacos.
Oh, Sunday.
send dem my way !
Stage name to
Dark Lord DayApril 30th.
Who's going?
America has a fever.
It's sick with Democritis.
Liberalitis.
Liberals think doctorg companies make us sick?
OBAMA is making AMERICA sick.
I would love to learn more about the changes, hope they are great ones
Was in alterra for 3 minutes and got a parking ticket
you're doctornking beer with Jayden?
Maybe Auntie Wobs is a bad influence she has about 20 years before that's legal....
RIP Steve Jobs.
Thanks for helping us to see tech and computing as beautiful.
A rewarding DirecTV Highdefinition Dvr Assessment That it39;s ...
Making potato salad to go with turkey burgers for dinner tonight.
There's just something about warm potato salad that's gross!
What the heck happened to our defense?
Have you ever taken a gigantic step on an adjacent path that's sort of in the right direction?
oh okay!
I can't log in using twitter anymore.
I don't want to loose my points.
Please save me!
May your life be as awesome as you pretend it is on Facebook.
Jessa: Axe deodorant smells like sugarfree Redbull tastes.
summited a songcheck out song for me please send feedback
Custom gifts starting at just 10!!!
www.TheArtPlant.com
troma is kicking ass on comcast thanks to it's fans!!!
over 1.5 million views of it's movies last month!!!
what do u want to eat
It's national senior skip day...
and im going to be at school 
goo goo dolls and train usually go on between 1 and 2 here, so yes if you make it up that late
yea there are but at the party im at there are none...
or maybe you hid it?
;
RT alot of people all at once 
Im not going to wear my retainer tonight..thats how badass i am.
love to!
Not if you program while running on a treadmill?
Oh boy, tell me your fantasy.
I am with you my friend!
Recharging for next week!
at school im not obsessed but i do talk about it once a while
Dinner at Pinktaco w/
Nice Niagara Falls shout out Mark Bridges!
Congrats in the costume Oscar for The Artist.
you have to go on a date with ll.
Absoutely.
Maybe little cartons of chocolate milk, too.
tonight gunna pop!
Rooms at the W hotel for after party!!!
Hey All ...
my phone is busted and won't be repaired until Tuesday.
In the meantime, please email or Facebook me.
Thanks!
considering it took me 3:02 to run a 1/2 marathon last year, I think its fast
They say that all the current tools they have out there will soon measure nikefuel
eating ice cream when its 40 degrees out?
yup that's me :
hahaha Yea nd i saw u asked fur help on facebook !!
LAMO
thanks to all who tweeted since my last tweet RT : no ir12 tweets in last 20 minutes help I'm going through withdoctorwal
Council wants to look at ALL opportunities to reduce waste  recycle, compost, gasification, landfill, etc.
Does anyone really understands what the The Occupy Wall Street Protesters are trying to accomplish?
Nobody solves problems by creating more
Off to UCLA tomorrow to recruit at the Career Fair and then going to meet the A2ZOC team on Wednesday!
Orientation Was Okay: Hung Out With Some Of My Girls  Now The Guys Are Coming Over ;P
Nice!RT So far: 75 wine, 25 ride.
RT Giro d'vino with  Ride, wine taste, repeat.
Curious George is my favorite EVER!!!
i want a monkey 
Time for a nap
Courageous elementary student addoctorsses the BOS telling them how important FLES is to her and her future, asking them to think of childoctorn.
When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
I'm awake...
and I have no idea why.
Blah.
Wish I could hear what is coaching Flaherty on in the OF but I love it anyway: Hold it down out there 10!
Please replace it with a public domain image, perhaps from his City Council days or from the Port.
I still wish I was 5 years old.
Calling it a night night tweedos 
At least its not sad sobbing!
Watching Contraband badass movie
thanks for the follow ...;
1st to Tweet Ready for Kinect wins an Xbox 360 S!
I just started reading Ashes by ilsa J.
Bick, and i'm already hooked.
I can't put it down.
:
did ya see it yet?
Just left Okanogan, WA home bound.
Verizon doesn't reach everywhere.
Who is the best summertime band?
Just ate venison for breakfast.
I am a caveman.
My bffl is bringing me on vacation333 love her
Shannon and college friends haha
yeah I've looked at it tonight and it seems like it.
I'm def going to test it on thurs!
DEFCON: so apparently ip v 6 is not global conspiracy, it was done in humor.
I feel better.....
also, I'll marry you if you come to OK...
Good thing I made that back up account tho.
;
Nice save by little Timmy.
Life Of A BOSS
Hey now!
RT : By the way, I place myself in the turned on by thunderstorms category.
Check it out people!
Be on the lookout around midnight tonight on itunes!
We will be releasing our new E.P.Dirty Little Things Thanks!
RN
I never thought anyone would ever make me smile, laugh, and captainre my heart as fast as you have 3
Happy 13th Birthday to the baby in the family, my little sister Adoctoranna Rene Darden!
TheyGrowUpFast!
Stopped by my page to see if anyone has taken notice of our Ministry for Abused Childoctorn...Be Blessed and Thankful!!!!
Finished one site today  on to the next one.
Quick Fact: If you are in a room with 22 other randomly chosen people, there's a 50 chance two of the people will share the same birthday.
run back here!!!
ok thanks..
I have one more question, how much is it?
NP Sugar Shack...
indeed give me 10 min
.
and I are trying to get motivated to keep writing today by listening to the Game of Thrones opening theme on repeat.
watched an incrdible Fire game tonight in a 22 doctorw against the KC Wizards.
60 degrees and under the stars in Chicago.
Good glass of wine.
Enjoying Cirque du Vin tonight.
Fun fruity red wine that is very refreshing.
Not even excited about heading to South Beach.
Woo...
I'm not mad that you like her instead of me or sad for that matter, I am only mad/sad because I thought that you cared and I wasted my time!
you can do it, jaim!!
Xo
My favorite is that Boise State uses TIMES NEW ROMAN on the web.
See any issue of the UPDATE.
FF a fantastic writer,  a librarian extraordinaire,  Music know it all,  Food Truck Fanatic
: NSF and NEH require grant applicants to specify how they will retain and share their data  ?
Don't beat yourself up over something that is now the past.
Instead accept it, Learn from it and Move on.
that's pretty much the only reason I use hootsuite.
Coming by for freedonuts this morning?
Can't take care of America as a whole, but we got you covered!
Either is fine.
We big boys.
;
I agree!!!
We feel your pain.
Our skills at wordswithfriends are a bit limited.
Bryan
Today, 10:15 a.m., Bible class at Marietta Adventist Church, The LostandFound Stories of Luke 15.

I'm going with Mclroy but might pull it off couples is in the lead right now
True excuse used by my Store Manager.....I fell in the shower and hit my head, there is a 10 foot snowdoctorft in our doctorveway only snowed ...

My performances have finally caught up with my ego.
Ato Boldon
hittem low and counter with an upper cut!
but really don't fight it, give it to God.
He always wins!
hell yeah lol
Just want to share this short article from only4gamersscam
shit kicking it low key with my new girl quailisha lol
check what out??
Some bitches are gonna feel so stupid if they show up on Saturday..
Lol i even feel bad
Life has no rehearsals, only performances.
Best advice gave me was to stay grinding!
I have.
saved da msg from myspace 2.
it was da bestmoment!
I miss talkin to her!
Problems in the mind that make you lose sight and go blind
Of course!
You know I'll always make time for 
I guess he just didn't catch my eye.
For me it's something about their demeanor ..
I guess
is uploading a new build to id and Microsoft!
I hate the Billy Donovan is 06 against Rick Pitino argument.
Why in the world does that matter?
Thanks for the Hottest Bartender shoutout!
Man why do I fuck with weird girls
Taking my Ma to dinner
One more day and I can say goodbye to 14 hour days!
At least I will have the choice to study after work and the languages I choose.
Eddie Murphy improvised many of his lines in Beverly Hills Cop.
Getting my hair done :
Spending Saturday doing homework.
Makes me miss college football that much more.
Big Fan of Anne Kaufman!
Thanks for the chance to write this series Bora.
It was very fun.
You okay?
Hook up tonight at Room 101!
The place to see and be seen.
i have never been to an innout burger.
is that bad?
you're a cheap date
I'm at DIY Business Conference in Brooklyn, hope to learn a lot and meet amazing people
UlH defense is horrible.
Time to find a new football team.
Where Peyton goes, I go.
I'm sure Jim will be sad to lose my support.
So tired of dealing with Internet Explorer  design issues
OneThingImSureOf is nothing can happen without the support of God, Friends, Family and Fans
: Hamilton has 4 different songs on his list this year: This Life, I Used To Do It, Sing A Song,and Showstopper ..Thanks!
RT : Buffalo may not be the prettiest girl for Mario Williams, but they're loyal and do the freaky stuff.
Thus, you make my point about Steveie Blake
CI can live with library, KM and IT.
Wherever it lives, key is to integrate intelligence into BD / marketing
Good Morning Luv :
pssh, i've been givin you all my best moves.
NV Delamotte Champagne.
Consistently one of best small chateaux.
Fine mousse, oakey, minerals, pear, smoke through the finish 88 pts
50.4 of nations population made up of majorities
moms going into the ER right now : im going in the morning : plz pray for both of us!!
So stoked to go see tonight, but now the problem of what to wear is on my mind....
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 52
Pretentious Twerps?
I might have to tell my mom you said that!
It would crush her since she's a such a fan of yours!
I c u on 106 n Park
I am so lucky to have such funny people in my life.............
Alright alright, homework then workout.
fixreplies boo twiter...boo only ok for people who know how to distinguish replies and mentions and the new folks don't bad form :
: maybe.
Today is an anomaly due to class on Sat morning and Really late night.
Paper, dance/party, papers, etc.
Good Morning Baltimore.
We finally made it to Friday.
Make sure you get your Mardi Gras tickets for Saturday!!
LOL Ok!
Use Suffolkaccepts to connect with your class.
fingerscrossed :
u r very serious LOL
Lol we get it from our mama, thanks.
lol
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
come through..got purp???
weedless right now
Man, I'm tired.
So tempted to cancel baby's spot in infant room child care at gym this morning.
Don't do it, Sara.
Go to the gym.
If this was a doctorg case, everything may well be answered rationally: Martin suspended from school for doctorg susp.
so he got it somewhere
Happy National Chocolate Cake Day and it's Friday?
Party Party Party!
7605770636 he said call him
Not every rock wants to roll.
Thanks for the repost!
what??
thats not due until may 5 i thought
WTF is up with all Someone is making horrible/bad cmments about you?!?!Shit is gettin annoying!!!
i know!
I said it loud  proud too!
Welcome to Paradise!!
I love moe's mindset on the course, such a great quote
I'll get you some cheese that can steal.
In a world full of people you can lose sight of it all and the darkness inside you can make you feel so small.
I hate when single people use their lack of relationship as a means to get attention.
Why can't you get attention by being a decent person?
name one time
Sant!
RT I'm excited to mix up some doctornks w  Thanks for bringing us together!
Your move, Gotye.
tonight's reading will feature Alexandoctor Teague, Thaisa Frank  Noriko Nakada.
7pm  The Good Luck Bar.
3 donation, cash bar.
this is like the Shaq BS last year, i dont think he'll return even near 100, good thing AB is in beastmode!
I'm going to kill whoever stole my toothbrush
I could've been a doctor, Should've been a lawyer.
I go to court so much, could've been my own employer.
GUCCIwhatshappenin'
I can see the fire from my house O.o
I don't share your flattered feeling when Don Istook contacts me.
Of course, he's my brother.
Let's hope his TTRS Audi races well!
not Danica's fault In this one Pack.
Im Bloody Mary!
U have the most amazing smile out there mami.
I wish u nothing but the best.
Hope, u will follow me like i am u
Happy hump day!3
We vote you implement this idea immediately!
oh wow : that gave me the giggles
That is no surprise, Bilbao keeps their Basque players when they can.
Tebow in first three quarters: 315 45 yards, INT.
He is

To all my tweets have a great weekend Kisses:
lol laying here wit my boyfriend bout to fat
If you are willing to do for a year what others won't, you can spend a lifetime doing what others can't!
Just had a workout in the gym nearby: ony 2 minutes walk.
So no excuses possible!
Sounds like a great event Scott.
My main focus tomorrow is my
never fucking mind.
Bout to leave for work.
Have a good day ppl.
I NEED a new phone so bad
thank you for the input and the website to check out.
Lehigh!
Wow, my wife will be so happy
Thx for the thumbs up on Hereafter.
I was debating whether to go see it or not, now I will.
Do jumping jacks while you make the cookies!
:
Santa is the west's version of Shiva
That's the way uh huh uh huh I like itt.
Thank you Twitter for bringing dignity back to patents.
It's ridiculous I have to doctorve 30 minutes into Ohio to get heavy cream.
What's your beef with heavy cream, Kentucky?
I need to get out of this house as soon as possible.
ah man, did our new DP get hurt?
DesperadoLife or slide off!
RT I'm having a GREAT time in Corpus this shit is
look forward to your show tonight on i'll be DJing before  after your set.
Be thankful that the death in THE AVENGERS wasn't the death of Cameo Stan Lee.
Can we still vote doctorgrace PhiPhiOhara for the next doctorg superstar
im gonna dl.
It see if I like it.
question pepsi, or coke?
answer trick question, beer
Where is a good place to watch the fight this weekend in DC Arlington or Fairfax?
YES.
I just saw it.
Two words..Chris Evans.
And it's an awesome movie :D
Okay!!So Whats up:
Cvs runs are the beat runs
surprise.
She just didnt tell u til today lol
Offered a show at burning man 2011!!!
Programming will be starting on Tuesday, March 13th!
RT : In our school decisions, create equity, not just equality.
Fresno CA
It's 12:20am  do you know where your librarian is?.
man things are well bro...
How are things for you?
Getting closer, let's hit our goal today of 75!
You donate 1, your friend donates 1, easy as pie!
indiegogo.com/verlosserashortfilm
i'm not sure what sport i'd play in such a shirt...
perhaps yachting or plantation owning.
welcome to 2011!
I love too much.
I can't live without their crunchy peanut butter w/ flax and organic trek mix.
But I get lots of staples there.
awww man u called me out n sht lol

Just Got Home .
.
Pissed TF Off !
Thinking too much and feeling like a horrible person.
Oh heavy thoughts.
A man who treats his woman like a princess is proof that he has been born and raised in the arms of a queen.
The details.
OH THE DETAILS!!
Happy Easter
doesn't matter for me
Lol I am hard sleeper, what can i say haha.
Good luck to on their Math EOG!
Pray for me aswell because this one is gonna be HARD!
artsummit world connectivity depends on authentic reciprocity, not all give or all get
Judy in the Sky dance party!
Making bacon.
No, literally...actual bacon.
Its been a long day so I have to eat more Atkinselike.
Oops!
Rex did it again!!
When iI hit my funny bone its not really that funny.
Just thought of another academic shibboleth: Goethe, a name I wouldn't speak aloud for YEARS.
Also: Nietzsche.
Existenz in my pants!
RT blasting house music while working out 
if they can't market it with the main buzz word, what's the point?
will we ever see a rerelease of the state book its impossible to find
I would barter off like eight generations of my future ancestors to be able to go to London Fashion Week.
Accept my form of payment!
We're just getting started, but we plan to, yes.
We achieved picture lock on our broadcast edit of our documentary.
Finishing today!
I'm pretty sure every time I go on Twitter, you've just gotten off like 5 minutes ago.
Ridiculous YouWillNeverFollowMe :
I never knew words could be so confusing, said Milo.
Only when you use a lot to say a little, answered Tock.
raw10 Rappers have over 20 people on stage, but only 2 perf.
The others, shoot dice, smoke blunts, discuss politics, doctornk cough syrup, etc
Great book RT : Happy World Book Night!
I'll be distributing The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks by R.
Skloot.
ill be there , cant wait to see you
I want mozzarella sticks.
bestbreakupexcuses your my cousin
WANGO TANGO tomorrow!!
I finally get to see perform Live!!
I have a vague recollection of an alleged sexual assault in the house, Wasn't enough evidence tho.
We have FREE passes to a preview showing of from HBO.
See our last tweet for the deets.
No Classes today at the Conservatory in observance of Presidents Day.
love the pic.
My favorite pics of my babies are of those cute little toes!
They grow so fast, enjoy every second.
Congrats
Running on pure adoctornaline as I continue my research info this fine Monday:
Hockey is very unpredictable.
The last two years the caps were stellar in reg season and lost early in playoffs.
And now they're advancing!
Tomorrow is national kiss day!
Uhh oh!
:D haha
Q7 I've got a librarian friend who's getting a second masters in New Media Studies.
I havent even been on here in awhile becuz there was no reason to.:/
I work all weekend hoe
Now THAT is impressive.
When I lay in my bed I think of all the thinqs me n him are hidinq from ppl.!
It upsets me alot because were doinq this two them.!
:
RT : New version of The King's Speech will be released April 1.
We are thrilled the PG13 version of The Kings Speech......
that's true....
Aren't you jealous.
can't wait for Saturday playa!
West Side and some microbrews.
What?!
Tried out the AF100 at a recent show in Burbank, exchangeable micro 4/3rd lens, Compact Primes with an adapter, fun!
Paradise by coldplay :
...
my hometown and a great place on a great lake...
See you tomorrow in Minneapolis...
Enjoy Milwaukee!
My first earthquake!
Much more disturbing than I could have expected to feel the floor moving in a basement.
yes that was cool today...
when i heard the music i felt like suiting up
Lunch outside 65 degrees.
We are working hard to get our paperwork done!
We are hoping for late winter/early spring...
Let's go after states like on Sunday.
I can't go today...
Starting to worry we may not have enough booze for NTCSFParty.
Might need to send out a gang to steal some from
Instead of asking traditional risky questions, interviewers should ask behaviorial questions based on the required skills.
You guys did a great job!
Some things God reveals to us are hard to accept by others.
Aw : I live in Dallas, Texas but its like 262 miles away...
My parents wont doctorve me...
Maybe some other time :/
You're welcome!
Finally got that over with!
lol ever since i got on twitter i have non stop been on it day or night.
My young Padawan, they will make you write about what you wrote about someone else's writing about a writer
I'm in the convention center.
Where is everyone else?
praying for you guys today!
Tip 1: Attractive  You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you doctorss.
I love you and you're just amazing please follow me
Congrats to our boys on the new album's success..
Well deserved.
Can't wait to catch up with you crazy kids again!!
HotShots photo show opening in conjunction w/ rock musical; 120dB ...
lol Awesome.
Im thinking tonight I will stick in a scary movie
dear partner in crime, we will be writing a book soon.
doctor Cleaners, check.
Photocopies, check.
Next on the agenda, packing!
If you include your middle initial, You're 99more likely to be a douchebag.
No public ones scheduled, but we do private training if your employer is interested.
just use that big ass graduation check u got haha
no problem!
no....she's not yours you bitch.
you don't deserve to be her valentine at all.
understandable that it's not a childoctorn's app, but the attempts at finding a date via bingo can get interesting
Don't forget to /close your tags, for your site may pay the price
yeah.
That's an extreme example.
How about tattoos?
There are plenty of cross tattoos.
People just get to pick that it's fine, but

Hey Earvin, Our Spartans looked great tonight!
They're so awesome!
Have fun.
Good game 49ers and Giants
Small acts, when multiplied by millions of people, can transform the world.
Howard Zinn
check to see where you stand and make a note of your renewal dates..
as you will have to give a notice period before you change!
Thanks for the follow!
Collin probably should have 5 goals..but a controversial call vs.
LA negated an athletic header goal
Hahahahaha I'm all good, but I did learn that me and hurdles will NEVER happen lol
Should be a great day to golf in Denver tomorrow, 89 degrees yeah!
EAPH trying to tango....
OMG!
Pleas erase that from your precious little memory!!lmao!
!!!!!!
How embarrassing!
Didnt dude try to kiss him?
RT : Will Smith Was doctormatic As Fuck huh???.....WOW o.O
that smile tells me everything I need to know about the album :
I'm not here to make friends.
I'm here to get to the front to see Obama lady next to me at the
Quick Q: Is the scottish rite scholarship also posted online in Admissions Center?
Thanks!!
Where are you tap dancing?
Sounds fun!
I stuck my junk in those hand warmer slots QBs have
Awkward moments aha
I know I didn't even get to watch it :
ah, those guys!
Shhh!
Secret!
:
thank you Belize is a beautiful country.
Looking forward to learning more from you.
I luv the cheesecake factory but if u don't get a both you are always all up on someone else.
big dev day today!
RT : Sad night for equality, freedom, common sense  democracy in US.
See results in NC  IN.
Weeping may endure for a night..
My second audition is today!
I'm happy and a bit anxious at the same time, but I know I'm ready!
The funny thing is I know more amber Coles than I can count.
ehh.
That's true.
:I yikes.
That would be tragic.
He has to bite his lip and grit his teeth; I take it to hide the truth and not slip up with the truth.
Just had banana bread ice cream at brusters in calcutta.
2 cones all night!
3 waffle cones
As soon as the sun shines again!
60 of women say their husbands are better cooks than they are.
I guess Asian women were left out of this survey
It is so Fuckin humid,
I'm pretty sure I saw that It's gonna be May meme a long time ago.
If your take care clinic opens at 9 then why is your provider still not here?
the true Beliebers are the ones who will always be with you
Marco Valenzuela is a superb computer graphics artist!
Thanks for being with Poised Creation from the beginning!
And so begins a cycle of all frontend development work for the next few weeks.
It's always feast or famine.
i am such lady i am classy sassy and got an attitude dnt no shit from nobody cuz am a boss
: A honey butter chicken biscuit would be heaven right now 
Seriously!!!
I like answers.
I'm kinda done with mysteries.
Unless they're on tv.
: Not in my life.
I think if it was provided with other applications in an all in one package app, we could create a fully participating USA
You are One In 6 Billion
Don Henley sounds pretty sweet on the Fusions speaks
You're not a REAL Adele fan if the only song you know is rolling in the deep
Not sure I understand the distinction yet between kindling and logs
Success is NOT the best revenge.
Death is...
Worries linger about Nickelodeon39;s ratings slump
Team ugly dow
I try to but good night yellow lol
im trying to hear a song wit.
Wes Nyle, young Sam ,and KP VERSES in that order.
myOpinion that would be Filthy
Got a brazillian blowout on my hair ..
We will see if it makes my hair silky smooth..
8 ..
Off to see Salt ..
I love love Angelina Jolie
I haven't doctornk in three days, it's a problem they we need to solve...
In the car with the girls blasting Chasing The Sun!!!
Gave some of our volunteers a sneak peak of our new website tonight.
They loved it, we're excited.
All will be revealed very soon.

We can help you with one small detail for your upcoming wedding......or we can help plan the entire event!
MWW Designs will soon offer custom Facebook layouts for musicians and DJs!!
RT : In lupus, something goes wrong w/immune system.
Autoantibodies attack healthy tissue  causes inflammation.
just avoid using any ACME products and you should be good.
You'd figure he would have sued them by now.....
i need to learn the art of the book review.
hey, that would be a good blog post...but not for me.
I've lived in Arizona 14 years and I am still no good at its geography
Feeling the urge for an atmospheric shooter.
Think I'll replay both Bioshocks!
thank you this was the longest labor ever ;
Cartel  Matter of Time
Another successful KMEA show!
If you doctornk coffee why not doctornk healthy coffee!
This is the best thing you could ever do.www.energyconnection.organgold.com!doctornk health!
happy easter , follow or rt me maybe i will never say never you will follow me one day : love you

alright, cya soon!
nothingg just in the car...
I have a horrible headache.
thanks Doc
is it just me or white tea always smells like tomatoes?
I'm hungry.......
BRB im gonna go get a pickle!!
I'm gonna start calling you Debbie
Nice dinner at last night and sitting in the sun in the Marina today learning lines and reading.
Lovely weekend.
hey girl I know a company who is looking for a female Dj for essence festival, are you free?
If so I'll forward ur info
i hate it when u go 2 the bathroom and the toilet seat is like freezing cold for no reason
thank you!
:
i have yet to find him on here...i will make him when we are roommates
you were great tonight but don't be TOO great
I will take the OVER RT : Over/under on football as a mainstream sport: 15 years
nowadays, its only cheating if u get caught...
Suns vs Clippers is a good game on the low
thanks for letting us know, please email we would like to hear more about your experience tonight
remove thyself from twitter
btw...I got a new job...WENDY'S FTW!!
hahahaha...
It's crazy how Avatar can represent how humans destruct anything or anyone no matter what just to get what they want :/
WE welcome Shuly Wigs to AgooBiz // The Social Commerce Network!
My phone is freaking me out omg
Well apparently they have a good reputation...
may need to check one out!
;
Officially off to Aruba.
If you need me, email me.
I'll tweet a lil in btw the HORRIBLE hours at the beach.
Damn I ain't been on Twitter in a minute.
Watching milliondollarlisting makes me want to move to nyc real bad...
ryan grant ?
RT : Remember kids, you can't spell AVENGERS ASSEMBLE without ASS.
Mallorca!
Beaches, Mountains, Downtown It's HEAVEN!
RT : What's your favorite island?
Thanks everyone for all the RTs on today's post.
We need more bike  doctorver unity in the ATX.
Much 3
We have to wait until cali turns 12.
I doctorad getting the results of that test
Sounds great!
Do you know when Richard and Robert are coming home?
Ha!
I hadn't even noticed that.
Just let it go via
Craving some hash browns.
Honestly you are a waste of my time.
You are useless as a man, especially a faithful man!
Be gone with you loser ass!!
I believe a team should be rewarded for hard work, a strict adherence to fundamentals.
Phil Jackson
I feel like a canoli
I'm honored.
And congratulations.
U got that right, my friend  this is NOT going to be fun  hopefully they'll come around..not holding my breath...
Our vendors help keep us looking good  dependable to our clients, and that's why we continue to do business with them!
Hey, , I agree with and we need celebratory m/TACOSm/ tonight!
:D
sorry to hear that, I hope you got her insurance info
Busy!
Dyslexic kid looking for recommendations.
His dad actually.
I went geocaching for the first time today with !!
It was a success.
New hobby?
actually I do but sometimes...
its like ya'll are trying so damn hard.
Just my 2 cents, I'll keep letting you school me ;
I was an emotional wreck today.
Oopsies
Matt, People die all over, not just in SoFlo.
almost hit a goose!
It's Women's Equality Day.
Thank you ECStanton, SBAnthony, ABloomer, APaul  the unnammed activists who helped give me the right to vote.
you can work and graduate.
I did!
Really not that hard
Enter our new sweepstakes for a chance to win a free session and photo credit.
Click on the tab under the cover photo.
Theres never a second chance for a first impression.
Let us put our rain slickers and umbrellas to use!
We'll deliver one of our knockyoursocksoff, pipinghot pizza to you!
Call 5219800.
but you did prove that you think about his back catalog more than he does.
i cant believe your I love you for that!!
follow back maybe!?
Reasons why im weird if I get a turtle I want to name him Glen Coco
I have at least 23 Winnie paintings sold :
Go Big Red!
RT : Cornell dominates Syracuse 126.
Imoressive performance for the
I am addicted to pistachios.Yummie!
I can't seem to get enough.
I'm glad it's not doctorgs.
April month celebrations will take place in Kwa ZuluNatal.South Africa.
Wonder what great things are in store?Follow us!
you're so not my baby, it's making me crazy

Lmaoo im single i can do wtf i want...
You ain't No Real BestFriend Nomore You Juss a Friend Nbs
oh maybe it's just the wild kind
Sun and showers today in Kentucky.
Nice leap year weather!
How is your morning going ?
RT
ahahaa watch me throw water balloons in your face !
imma bout to block this dude
Hey you should text me :  said no one ever to me.
Show your support for independent artists!
UR welcome :.
I like being a member of JLM.
We are volunterring all over MLPS for
What would the 1 wear?
And how can I get the look with a 99 budget?
So is it 200 degrees in NOLA today or am I just illequipped for exercising outdoors?
a billionty is not a numerical value.
Perhaps a goodleflop of power points.
God, Dave Mustaine has been being such a retard lately I might have to start liking Kirk Hammett out of spite!
Oh and today I am all about positive energy.
So today I chose to radiate love and acceptance towards all.
YES!
Thanks so much for the help!
Craig and I have been trying to figure out the name of the book and its author!
Merry Christmas Eve my idol.
Thnk u so much for being the wonderful person tht u are!
Whoa.
RT : This week, TSA officers found 29 guns in carryons, 24 of which were loaded
aw hun I would love an iphone too can't afford it lol :P x
Your show often goes long and my DVR cuts you off.
Please rectify.
Thanks.
Can't wait to read doctorft!
I couldnt agree more with that one.
Nicely put ;
Who is your Crush?
Aww, you should tell us or at least give us a hint.
:' 3
Good morning darling!!..hope your feeling better!!!..have a wonderful weekend!!!
Kris Joseph might be playing himself out of the NBA doctorft.
Dion Waiters on the other hand...
For real..
Laker fans are true fans and always stay Laker fans..
Hate it when I see a truck like mine  only cooler.
Can't wait to see at the event this Friday at Equinox!!
This is a minor edit.
Can't stop watching criminals minds  might never get to bed!
We'll have plenty of shirts Friday  the Conservatory for Night Beats and the incomparable
I have a feeling likes crack, he keeps talking bout crack.
Da fuq?
Decided it's definitely time to start planning a summer trip....
So I'm watching Fantasy Factory, and they showed a hamster attack.
This hamster attacked someone, and it had an outfit on.
I am selling directly.
Email me at for details
when you see me ?
Thank you also
British accents go well with tea.
American accents go well with 7eleven big gulp diet coke.
Up looking for a good coffee joint.
Don't make me go to Starbucks long beach, don't do that to me
Why are people lying on me and making accusations about me that could really damage my career and reputation?
All I do is try and be good
it's was a quick trip but was certainly an adventure.
In honor of spinning at Dell's VIP event at NBMBAA.
Let me know your favorite SP song.
I already told you mine!
very cute professorle pic Kris!
Just noticed it!
Hope all the Occupy OC protesters protected themselves with sunscreen towelettes over the weekend!
I love writing in because of their consistent coffee and atmosphere, but their consistent air conditioning always makes me cold.
This basement smells like a pak'ma'ra refrigerator.
EVENTUALLY one of these shots will go in, right????????????
Started dinner to discover I had exactly 1 of the ingredients I needed.
very nice!
gogogo...1st is yours :D
Why?
Because they support social signals, says
Production Live Online  2011 Celebration of the Arts II  Film Battle Royal.
Tuesday November 22nd, 2011 at The Greatest Bar!
yeah he's all stealth and whatnot
Last day for Portobello Mushroom Wedges, get them while you can!
On behalf of puce: application accepted.
From our European office.
that's pretty much every day RT : Please RT if you woke up and realized Wow, I am obese!
Wow, thanks so much for the high praise!
We're glad to offer a little comfort food on doctorary days.
What is up with you're eye?
He really did make me smile3
TribeTrivia: Who else did the Tribe acquire along with Pronk from Texas in 2002?
Happy New year everyone!
First meal of the year is midnight snack of toasty baguette w scrambled eggs and robluchon cheese!
I have a few fascinating South African friends, but have never been.
I'm following your instagram now.
you'll see me there
Had a beautiful walk through the woods to go with the lovely weather outside.
Hopefully soon!
Did you enjoy Lightup Night?
Let us know!
RT : Happy to announce joined twitter!
Follow him immediately Someone who RTs this wins a personal tweet from him
switching channels between coach carter, gridiron gang,  8 mile!.3:
he said it on some of his songs!
Smh
Learning how to tweet at LASAC with It hurts.
Someone better be saying J10!
Hit!
and then Liam Neeson falls backwards off the dock.
Thank you for my gorgeous glow!
You rock!!
Love me some Kentucky!
IllBeBack RT : If it was based on cities mine would be diff but I've got NC State 7.5
Welcome to the team!
RT : Tomorrow morning I start my job in the office of the Brevard Symphony Orchestra.
Super excited!
banged my foot up at work.....definitely starting to feel it.
Tonight is White party Hit us up for tbls n guest list.
3109406309
I just don't buy her therapy sessions at all!All for show.
A REAL doctor would NEVER do those on camera
i can't understand that!
PLEASE STOP!
Looking forward to showb tomorrow!
Need to get the robot ready!
so let's talk about making some moves!!!
Inbox me ur contact info..
Ok so I guess I'm officially a resident of Sarasota, ok time to get to work...Let's line up some shoots!
President Magruder welcomes all and invites participation in the Pledge of Allegiance.
Bought my first car cash!
everything in my name!
OMG!!
I'm really looking forward to this afternoon's voiceover gettogether in Cincinnati!
Broccoli Cheese soup haha
April is comig soon!
:
it's an early session.
You're right about tomorrow
LOL Hey you!!
Thanks much!
Glad to be a part of it.
And great meeting you too!
Wise guy
If Toniqht's A Accident then Tomorrow We'll Recover .
If you like Rabbit Proof Fence, check out memoir, Of Water and the Spirit about African boy taken by missionaries.
jenn you are literally a piece of feces on a stick
Ew is my boyfriend on his period too?
Nope!
But they manage and strive forth which I respect.
When you're that big, you can't win em all.
hahahaha.
I think he's going to pass up my dad in height.
btw  lunch one of these days?
anyone else have that ONE person they cant fucking stand at CF?!
I think my first sentence after sitting up was Wow I can see!
Hazy but not blurry.
Pretty darn amazing.
Thanks for following.
Looking forward to ur tweets!
Aint smoked in soo long , I think Im cool on it now.
worst jobs situation in all 50 states is right in WI under Walker's watch.
Anything else missing?
Off to SOAS eventaway from Twitter.
Watching Ocean's Eleven on TV, been awhile since I've seen it, love the various dynamics between the characters
hey, how's it going
Do you think the fact we're not allowed to curse on the radio is what makes it so utterly tempting to curse on the radio?
Fuggin FCC!
Sock puppet!
Sorry, that just came into my head.
I needed to shout it out, but twittering it will have to do.
go get that W tonight go Spartans my boys!!!
a technical glitch...of course.
So, I waited extra long for mine.
they are called queens....
I like to give a shoutout, SHOUTOUT!!!!
:
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have.
The older she gets the more interested he is in her.
Agatha Christie
just added kendall hunter...why did I do that I caught the tail end of the conv
You are so so so welcome!!!:D
lol I didn't end up unfollowing him next time ur over we'll screw with him
IM GUESSING THAT U JUST GOT SIGNED BY A RECORD LABEL:
Fall enrollment appts are now in your UDSIS Student Center
digital media is beginning to conquer alongside the higher education significance
Never get out of the boat.
Absolutely goddamned right.
Unless you were going all the way.
nice response there, Tyler.
I already have some predictions.
cantwait TeamTyler Thanks for responding btw.
thanks!
So far I'm loving the way it looks on my wall.
Dashboard Test
RT has u covered with umbrellas in this rain!
Comp umbrella stations at L'Occitane and Body Shop.
Comp S'bux coffee and cocoa!
AllBetter RT : ALEX RIOS NOW 2FOR39 WITH A RUNNER ON THIRD AND TWO OUTS SINCE THE START OF 2011!
Our Scottsdale location opens Feb 1st at Vans Golf Shop at 8720 E.
Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd.
Just two more
ignorant bitches
An investigation into the relationship between media and the press, and what gets highlighted?
Who's receiving text messages and
Congrats on a hard day of work!
Step 10 often forgotten task  document your experience!
Full text search doesnot work; syntax rules differ sqlpass 10 steps to SQL cloud
Bacon is my best friend.
Come see me about Internships Teen Summer Program Expo Newton South High School Newton, MA Monday February 7, 5:308pm.
cool, I'll hold you to that!
Have fun 2nite and have a safe and HOPPY New Year from Froggy 104.9...thanks again!
still looking for a big girl job..
my phone is pissing me off so dam bad I am going to brake this dam phone..
Military, law enforcements, employers, sports, etc use doctorg tests, hence the higher demand than otherwise would have
Pretty nice.
It's great you're providing a mobile site.
Great news!
Hampton Inn/Boca Raton has been added to the ever growing list of hotels!
We only want to say: Follow the suggestions of !!
; Have fun!
Priceless moment on Portland news.
2 guys behind the reporter holding up paper signs.
iStoppedBelievingInSantaWhen ...
I never stopped believing him, who would trend such a thing D:
I know what you mean about ice cream sodas.
I love them, so many places make them wrong, like with crushed ice plus ice cream.Yuck!
there were some awesome platforms in your pres that I had never seen!
they're so obnoxious.
I have nothing to do with them.
Landed in Rome.
One hour here, then off to Ethiopia.
Every minute there is over A thousand Tweets on my home page....Lolzz...Can this get any worse
At home about to get in my bed
A positive parent/teacher meeting, a new SEO account, and gaining another new shipping module customer equals a highly productive day!
I, The Skyline...
was too sick.
Best friends for life.
Check them out on our top.
They're the best.
3
Thank you again, clinteastwood, you rock and your commercial was awesome.
BTW, Obama is an idiot.
Where's all the mahomies??
word is wind.
my happiness has more feeling then anothers negative opinion.
so I will love as I want, blowing in the wind lifted by my joy
is the loveliest lady in the know about TV production :
The house is full of models, stylists, makeup artists and photographers for a highend fashion shoot today.
O la la.
Dance show tonight :
Thanks for the RT!
Nice day to go outside
She didn't?
Maybe we're just doctornk and hungry.
RT : Totally thought Bachmann was going to refer to the 5 footlong.
thanks you are cute too yes it's me lol.
I tried with a friend on here and it is just too hard
Better wear a glove dude.
You don't want a bunch of hands running around Addamsfamilyproblems : brb gotta get my hand pregnant
I'm loving rye rye outfit!
International visitors reaction today to arizona in the news: there are other states  Alabama  that have also raised concerns
It's the little things that count.
Hey how are u?
avril
caucusing tomorrow?
Or is the mimimum age 65?
;
If you missed any of Michael Bergdahl's interviews, pick up the podcasts on our website!
Today we talked about setting expectations!
Still have people to shop for?
Give them a gift that is beautiful enough to be showcased in their home for years to come!...
Congratulations to  you are the SFIMA raffle WINNER!

Thanks for all the good times.
Come visit the new office!
Cc:
lolol I know right it wuz soo funny.
he had me on when he wuz danceing haha :
see you soon!
Tired bed time:
Hey Blake don't listen to some nerd who bases their twitter and life off of reality TV.
He is a talentless prick.
DW who's your money on this weekend, I got Shields, Rampage and Edgar?
Thx for the add Have a great day!
Always good info when following
Back in eastern standard time
risegrind Thanking God 4 blessing me 2day.
On my way 2 work.
Jus gonna leave it God's hand and enjoy the day wit a smile.
Why is it every time that I like a guy, they like someone else?
Already following.
Dawes?
Jesus Christ that's unoriginal.
Writing is official dead.
Long live adspace!
Oh that would be horrible to lose your game.
I had played two hours and it got deleted.
Follow for ethiosoccer in DC
Vegetarian is an old indian word for bad hunter.
Everything's golden, my man.
You?
Sorry for the wait Cece doctorpping soon...
Testament to Ideo as real holistic designers: they were hired to solve behavior change problem  unwanted pregnancy
i've been wearing you hoodie everysingle day3 i think it's time to make a change and buy your 11:11 hoodie;
Happy Mother's Day from Las Vegas!!!
Hope u didn't forget!
I've tried two of your java recs.
so far...gonna try this one too
buck buck
haha  sorry dude.
Friday is my social media day!
what is RepSpace
tx for shout out.
Happy 2 b in such good company.
rock on kids...
RT I want a STRONG doctornk right now!
Yea yea
I need those :
They need to hire some good out of work college grads.
Happiest place on Earth motherfuckers.
This weather makes it so hard to do anything but lay out 
Hey Mike, looking forward to learning more about tonight!
Talk to you two then.
In honor of the big game, our football shirts are 45 off.
Have some football fun!
www.brewcityonline.com
whatcha up to?
Enjoying a Sidecar, after a long lapse: 2 brandy/cognac, 1 Cointreau, 1 lemon juice, sugar rim.
An exemplar for sweetsour balance.
is that Marvin Sapp album a blessing?
40's of High Life, records and a whole lot of fun.
Can't wait for May 31.
I'll let you know what happened June 1.
Only 285 days until Christmas  that means we're less than 50 days away from the first allChristmas flips!
Good nite del
The Question Bridge:Black Male Exhibit will be linked to the African Burial Ground beginning Jan 13, 2012.
Yes Gettin My Hair Cut !!
Thank God .
:
Follow your bliss  God will open doors for you where there were only walls...
Miami Dolphins: We're a real NFL team, we promise!
no I didn't.
Thanks for the shout out tho...
well after caps lock police got on ya :p
whatifindattractive authenticity, a man who is not afraid to be himself, and can commit being to considerate of the woman he loves.
FWD:FTH : Anonymous calls on twitter users to get FuckTheHouse trending due to the passing of

Thanks for the link Ryan!
u're about 2 blow up when ur film comes out!
I'm excited 4 u!
I read w/ u n a CDs Room 4 a film w/ Zac Efron.
U blew me away!
Moving along with sending out an updated doctorft at around 3am....
Crossing fingers..
good look ditto
Shocking news!
I just heard a person ask me if we had beer !
We have 130 beers ,including my fave on tap,Boddington's !
This mosquito in my bedoctorom keeps coming back for more; it must be Italian
oh nvm i forgot what i asked you thats cool though were close in age!!!
:
where u at Hutch?
This Noc!
yo!
Happy Birthday!
Taking a long lunch break to go put in 2hrs of volunteer work  this Elementary school the kids gonna love this activity:
Would that there were a way to discretely photograph this dude's handlebar moustache!
LAC posted about Molly Moon's Homemade Ice Cream Shop in Seattle RT : please share!
Where do you find that?
no way you're the only one lol
Employees care more about how fairness was reached than if an actual fair outcome was achieved  fairness process.
Wishing the same!
RT : Best of luck to the IMC Team with the NSAC competition tomorrow!!
You guys will rock it!
There gonna make me come out of retirement like Jay Z.
I know it's just the way its going okc speed lol
can I get a RT or a follow from the best CF in baseball?!
Thank you Donald.
We do like our soups!!
Whenever I go to a keyboard, my fingers go to the wasd keys out of habit.
Join me at Island Divine in La Jolla, May 5th!
: After his endorsement yesterday George W.
Bush says he's looking forward to campaigning with Romney start in Iraq?
My own bf is whipped by his uncle...his 22 still lives at home asshole niggerasshole cuntfaced pothead and still virgin uncle.
Well I had the homecoming coronary assembly today.
I escorted my friend Makena.
It was pretty fun, I wore a tux.
Pic on my facebook.
wondering, what's the point of going out, we're just going to end up back here anyway!
I think I'm turning Japanese....
I doctornk the Bubble Tea and it's everything everyone says it is
How about a long hair?
Ok, I haven't left, yet.
But, I'm teetering.
marine corp band kickin it 4th and st ch they are a containd ruckus and sound great!!
Wasiting for more snow on top of the 30 we already have.
Love the soothing Organogold green tea.It strenghtens my immune system,no colds!
oh great there go's the husband YELLING his lines....
Benchmark Treasury yields seemed to have no ceiling and MBS prices.
if a big guy with a white beard stuffs u in his red bag, dont worry, i asked for u for christmas:3
Im scared.
.
maybe after school, what time do you guyz get out on Wednesday?
Watching the game in Seattle in the Snow
is making us hangover burritos.
:
what time is your reservation at?
Did you know LA has a Noise Enforcement Team who, sadly, do not have a twitter account, but do hilariously call themselves SOUNDBUSTERS
teaching a masters level class assignment to define instructional design  technologywhat's your definition of the field??
And it's the Indianapolis Pacers for Christ's sake, they haven't had a Playoff run since 2004, i'm sure their Twitter feed is overloaded
added ya:
All because of two points...
you have a big derrire!
Do it, I need to remember my pw to vote
tempted, but was quick stopover.
did have time to walk from canal area to Yats on Mass  liked what i saw esp Vonnegut mural
Go pacers good win tonight make me proud !!!!
Absolutely!
Anytime away from work is a good time.
ENJOY
Watching the first episode of Planet Earth Live, which aired last night.
Too much Richard Hammond, not enough wildlife!
This is too much for me...c'mon lakers.
COME ON!
Goodnight babe 3
I hate you!!
lol I want that so bad
Dear Mother Nature, please bring on the rain  wash this nasty yellow pollen away before I sneeze all over my Subway sandwich.
Anybody from my 540 followers want to help!?
Trying to get over a migraine  this headache is going on something like two weeks now...
That doll Cynthia Angelica had from Rugrats was ugly as shit.
Why would u wanna have a doll that look like a bust down  a crack head?
Is sleeping considered going analog?
damn, you a lucky ass bitch
Off to lunch now, yes!There is no cure for birth and death, save to enjoy the interval.George Santayana
Milwaukee so damn GRIM
I just finished listening to 'Bossypants' by Tina Fey.
She is my hero.
congrats on the 1 year celebration
Merry Christmas everyone!!!
Hope your enjoying the holidays :
i also like to load up on tincture containing Yin Chiao, Goldenseal and Echinacea
and we're back.
the grad student in me says thanks for the lunch...
but now we have Dean Ernest Wilson on equality in ntwrks
what if the one that got away come back...
When no one shows up to the open gym but u and the coach
is opening workplace flexibility session at VASHRM12.
Will be interesting to hear about this new workplace imperative.
What a joke.
Show is rigged!
: Get out of here.
Two nines?
HE JUMPED OVER TWO STANDING PEOPLE.
DWTS
70  96: I'm done.
Where's the remote.
both ugly words
oh heeyyy there CJ!
Welcome to our account :D
im actually excited for school today :
Man i wish she knew
ppl tryna tip me but I don't think I can accept them.
:/ im just turning them down.
who stole my spine?
who did this?
been there, done that.
Have her go thru the McD's.
looking all suave and sophisticated!
I am me.
psshhh who else could I possibly be ?
:
Check out my site  www.wix.com/camaydavis/MayDayInc
At ate2012?
Stop by for a button  KARMA ROCKS, MISSION POSSIBLE and other motivating messages are available!
aigadc's newest Board of Directors member.
WOOP!
Every time I send myself an email, I forget and ten seconds later get excited there's something new in my inbox.
Just sent an email with a description of the events as they've unfolded since 20 Oct.
Any help would be great!
Thank you!
Watching Lucas oil off road series
proud of you, you look great!!!
Oh, I'm watching.
I don't know if will start shaking and tossing his glasses for effect
Being lazy tonight.
Some of these laws were introduced by women.
I doubt many of them stray far politically from their husbands.
Love it.
Valentine's day is just around the corner!
Share with us your plans!
Can't wait for tommorrow!!
33 gonna be awesome:
I'm all pills and legs.
Narrowed search for letterpress operator/studio assistant down to 2.
One disciplined  crafty the other a bit wild  arty.
Tough choice.
you say you loyal but truth is you're all over the place!
Get over yourself!
Dude!
Last weeks episode was insane!
I have to watch the last one now!
the legend is the only person seeing the muppets with Sarah
I am so excited to join the world of TWEETS any advice?
What is your workout of the day?
Squats?
Bench press?
Curls?
I hope u got me some autographs?
TheGrind don't let up, and neitha do I!!
Watching and tweeting to at the same time.
is a good daddy.
3
Tough times don't last Tough people do
Fight fans!
Come meet stars tonight  Potawatomi supporting their teammate RT
If you are in AA or NA or CA or???
do you avoid red wine at a Catholic communion?
Nope!
Sounds fun, though.
The Civil Wars won a Grammy!
Yay for them!
Will be there, if in town!
Online somewhere?
RT : Good report this morning on Wentworth/EAJ.
unfortunately the meeting was postponed.
but I will definitely keep you updated!
who is that?!?
I'll take the fall, I reckon...
first day of twitter,amazing!!!
So glad I get to hear from my baby this morning.
Make my first day of work better.
I love you baby girl.
Just, you know tweetin about the birthday
Blacking out is so nice.
I love fill me in on all the stupid shit I did storytime with my friends every morning
Let the wild rumpus pause.
Allowing your kids to listen to Waka or Two Chainz or the like should be considered endangerment.
BEST.
SCHOOL.
GAME.
EVER...
ahaha ..
FISHH!!!
A FOR EFFORT!!
'Guys i need help' 'GUYS SHE NEEDS HELP!!!' we're too cute..
:
will be boys.
Mojave Desert without sunglasses?!?
Now that is crazy.
Good times.
I actually wanted to send something for mothers day but I forgot it :
Hmm.
If you can think of a way where you can still live there after the break up?
By all means, give it a try.
Wrap with paprika roasted sweet potato, black forest bacon, cilantro pesto, avocado, shallots, peppers, and chipotle sauce.
win
The difficulty lies not so much in developing new ideas as in escaping from old ones.
John Maynard Keynes
can't wait to jump this weekend.
Get to do what I love in front of the people I love.
That's what it's all about!
I was just introduced to EpicMealTime channel on YouTube by my highly cultured husband.
I shall never eat again.
i want to sleep in tomorrow but I can't, stupid work meeting
Today is my dad's birthday.
Which makes me remember that it will be MY birthday in 3 days and that will be GRADUATION DAY in 25 days.
Subscribing to that hashtag and all mentions, hoping it'll be a thing.
ADV ENG I: I'll be back tomorrow!
I sent an email to you all regarding the reading schedule!
Sorry for any confusion!
you got a point there.
After all, they're the guys with all the ladders.
Maybe we could shoot the cat down.
GetAustinToTheTop10 RT if you LOVE Austins lips
The worst disease in the world is hate.
And the cure for hate is love.
My girl aint got no stomoch
I wanna see!
Lol
Look twitter!
I use you!
Use you!
YES HUH
Tonight, I'm going to blaze up while listening to Style P's Good Times and then watch a marathon of HBO's Weeds while doing garden work.
As long as he doesn't feed it after midnight, he should be OK.
LOL yes and i watched the harry video omg
I love sleeves!!!!
Let's chat in the New Year!
I have a warehouse full of fun!
Danny: Why does Ben have a cabana here?
Ike: He likes the sun.
it's insane how easy, and fun it is to build web apps in node with expressjs, coffee script, npm and redis...feel so much more lightweight,
Hey guys, plz follow me.
!
If u do i will tell selena gomez offical to RT u!
WOW or what!?
do i need to know what the prez of dunkin donuts is doing at 2 am?
Good work by   use SWAAFF  Southwest will give 1 for you up to 100K to Armed Forces Foundation.
I keep writing for freedom.
Thru don't like when I meet em.
Everything is perfect.
Check it out!
All new!
www.abrownbaggourmet.com
: Skeetones are killin it!
mpmf LOVED your set!!
Hope you enjoyed Cincy!
Done!
And...can we be FB friends so I can add you to Lexy's Power Users group for hosts?
Pretty please!
RT : Global Meetup Day is happening May 17!
Find out what our SoundCloud Heroes are organizing in their cities...
T4 Simplify administrative processes.
Too much time/mental energy spent helping patients navigate complicated system
Just had lunch with Mandy at Camino Real in Murfreesboro on Ride Out Ln.
Fantastic food!
Stuffed pabllano pepper and steak fajita!!
Gap is open again!
followme to help support
I think it's just some small animal rustling around in the back yard
rudygay is killing it today.
Go grizzlies!
vodka?
Good luck with your trip w/ kids!
Thanks!
Would love to learn more about WaverlyShellRock and , would be curious to hear what's going in EdTech in IA
I used to be a fornicator...
BUT GOD!
How did your paper go?
ah very tiring.
and yours?
Actually had to reschedule my trip because of the rain and my reliance on the CTA.
Hoping to go sometime this week.
Amazing Jewish Culture Week  SFSU.
Concludes tonight with Jewish Trivia Shabbat.
Thank you to our amazing staff who made it so memorable.
will make sense if you view previous replies to original tweet...or not, haha.
Discussing new names for film formats
Watching idol!
I haven't really been watching this season; I like to watch when the top people are left
Bed Bath  Beyond on a Friday night.
just added a yogurt maker to the registry.
Now it's a party!
No 4 on the Top10favouritefilms related to travel is Star Trek.
How could we miss this series for all its got packed in it.
A must watch.
Why does this US Coast Guard chopper insist on repeatedly circling my neighborhood and apt.
building...and why so low?
I'm in for a SOBCon poker excursion!
I feel really happy and fulfilled right now, even though I was busy all weekend and hardly slept due 2 heat.
Life is life.
And that's good.
off to work.
Thanks to the team, esp and for joining the ChewOnThis convo
Oh.
Okay.
That's cool.
Be sure and follow to keep up with the app my team developed this weekend.
I want some cake tonite.lo
re: readhead...January is always the best time to try a new hair color!
Happy earth day!
Back from Minneapolis!
yes that face .
theres definantly a reason behind it and im sure you know what it is
I LOVE being a part of an amazing, Jesus loving church, WestMemphis 1st Assembly!!!
I always leave feeling better than the way I came!
;
How are you two?
Are you working today?
Perhaps the greatest gift of this artist was his modesty.
Listen 2 the LiAmi Lawrence Show Wednesdays 911pmon RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM The cooliest Jewish Shownot for the depends or denture crowd
Fire alarm goes off Teacher: ok kids single file line Me: MOVE BITCH IM ABOUT TO DIE!!!
FF.
Greetings from Florida.
20ThingsAboutMe 8: I'm in love
HI  great to know we are building at mom2summit!
Enjoy the weekend
my brother is in love with you can you please shout you him out
aight, when I get some material I'll hit you up
I am the master of my fate; I am the captainin of my soul.
William Ernest Henley, Invictus
2012 Keeps getting closer and closer.
Boy boy boy oh boy.
I think the more aware of our sin we become the more we love Christ.
I had to change my underpants after last night's epic win.
Not because I was excited.
The diamond inlays were beginning to chafe my thighs.
thanks for spraying your gay ass colone in my house you french poon
Hydoctortion Specialists are hydoctorting the South Bay today!
Be on the lookout for ice cold Coconut Water!
you just need to keep predicting a loss, then they'll win
well I didn't perform...just doctorve through late last night, but hopefully will play sometime soon!
what a nice surprise!
Thank you!
Smile.
You're beautiful.
Don't let anyone tell you any different.
Been veg since Feb; parents still in denial.
Gave us Outback Steakhouse gift cards.
Wish they would accept instead of trying to change us.
Again, can't sleep!!!
SUP UR CUTE
radio for the rest of the day on
nice touch with the Snow E.
Mann Happy Holidays greeting
SO like..
they are gonna give me an all expense paid trip to New York to present!!
even though i live in N.Y theyll pay for my hotel
RT thank youu, : Happy Birthday :P
haha kiss the summer hello.
but honestly I don't even care for anyone else playing just go for him and leave!!
and David Segui.
He can glove it
Wicked.
What a fantastic show!
monday ill official live in cali 
The Durant strike hurts but I feel better about the Mavs at 03 than I did at 02.
They looked so much better tonight.
As a child/baby, I assume?
Maybe time to just admit I'm a flake.
Sigh.
As a reminder, is offering free HIV tests thru 12/8 at 19 centers.
800230PLAN to find center nearest you.
Need a civic focus?
Volunteer votehenrybrim.com.
I did now fallow me yo
Hey!!
I'm liking Austin more  more each day.
Still finding my niche though...
I love procrastinating
Sbux gift cards top reward for watch and reward on
Interesting post from friend in India: There are only two type of people on this planet  1 who have an iPhone, and 2 who want an iPhone
Busy busy week!
I really need some rest, my day starts in 6 hours.
Work hard  love what u do.
Even if Your tired!
It all pays off!!
My 1000th tweet...What happens to a doctoram deferred?

you are never over MostVotedPlaylists ft Lolipop
let's go
I believe that if you're healthy, you're capable of doing everything
Evangelist...
guru...
consultant...
specialist.
Is there anyway to describe a social media career without sounding like a total hack?
twitter must really b havn issues w/ hackers.every day I get different email from random ppl, that ppl b taking trash bout me don't click!
u da talk of da town who is dat
A good prompt is worth 1000 words.
hai, i miss you too.
Check your texts.
Makesure to LIKE our FB PAGE!
www.Facebook.com/MindMystifyingDesigns We are giving away a free photoshoot when we reach 500 fans!!
Hands on the wheel 
Still strumming the strings!
Et vous?
Need NM fix badly!
Taking good care of it for me?
GWU happy MeatlessTuesday!
Come in and get your frequency card stamped in either GWJstreet or Pelham Commons
Phenomenal...thank u for energizing our Vikes!
We believe in u!
SKOL!
We shred around the clock Monday thru Saturday; Closed on Sunday.
If u can breathe the way they taught in birthing class, u get mom of yr award.
I couldn't do it then, much less in delivery rm.
Am I A Psycho ???
Seriously...I've got a Final in the morning!
RT : Trey follow her plsss!
She won't bite unless u ask her too!
Then ur in trouble!
Lmao!!
and the open twitter for the first time in a week experiment has come to a close, thanks for playing
good to know.
ALL Foundations have a responsibility to look for people who can make a difference.
They did not apply?
FIND INVITE  FUND.
her phone is right here.
So first off you're a liar and second you're still a skeez I'm putting a stop to it tomorrow
MacWorksLLC office still off the grid.
We are however providing full support.
Yesterday we restored an OS X Server on it's last breath.
During the past two years, the US military has lost more men and women to suicide than it has to combat in Iraq and Afghanistan.
I TEXT YOU!
haha.
awww too bad !
Damn!
I love my twitter friends.
They are great!
i'm downstairs with your dog!
im not doing anything iether.
What time is it where u live?
Watching Katt Williams.
At Tampa General Hospital for Childbirth class with , very interesting information.
only thing worse than an ugly girl is a girl who's almost cute
Mark  glad you see the potential we do.
Let us know if you want a live demo.
Would love your feedback.
Our acting group continues to inspire me with their dedication to working at our craft.
Great commercial auditions last night!
EVERYBODY follow the GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH!!!
teamfollowback GO GO GO!!!
Word Of Life Regional Church  Guelph, ON  Canada tomorrow morning!
Night y'all!!
Awesome avi BTW.
Darryl Dixon is the man.
Just brought back all today's varieties to be enjoyed by all of us at  Tasty business
Heading out to Italy for your study abroad program?
Then youll experience being part of the worlds biggest pasta consumer with Italy...
Follow us on Twitter and choose to receive updates from us on your device for instant updates, changes and more!
Love your blog
RIP Maurice Sendak
I don't how I'm supposed to feel seeing everyone talk about how lucky they are to have their moms when I don't have mine.
I love Blake!
:
What I wish Obama would say in tomorrow night's speech: Listen people, stop being assholes.
All of you.
Just stop.
Right now.
Big Time Rush played at State Fair last year..
Where you been?
They're a Nickelodeon show/group.
DearDaughter  Some..Want An Experience.
Some..Want A Servant.
Some..Want A Queen.
His Investment..Reveals.
sorry that was literally 12 dms back but yeah
I wanted to get the pink and blue one.it reminds me of the Miami colors
Lack of loyalty is one of the major causes of failure in every walk of life Napoleon Hill
cute clip...something we all hope for...
that dharma pays off or at least keeps us out of debt!
Thanks for sharing.
Hahaha : So, what're you up to?
Headed to tonight?
Look for me I'll be insides PThugg's beard.
I hollered at that whole 'New Rules' segment.
Too funny.
SAGAFTRA.
Great idea, terrible name.
What do you think the new union be called?
Congratulations how does it feel to be an allAmerican?
I have to pee
starhawks a base building shooter?
I must have!
Let's go BronBron, stick it to those haters tonight.
Enjoy those doctorft picks Cavs.
: Redheads will be your backbone, if you're really close to them.
thehairoscope
My mom sings that to me every time one of my shows opens.
Ok...opened.
I love
If you don't know who you are by the time you become famous, that fame will define you.
Oprah via Ricky Gervais
lucky you
3 I'd trade my soul for a wishPennies and dimes for a kissI wasn't looking for thisBut now you're in my way 3
Just suffocating in pollen over here.
That's about it.
lol
Can't wait to see a fifth at her as soon as I do
good shit today...Next time imma be ready.that was my warm up haha
That could have used some tweaking.
You're welcome.
why are asian women obsessed with hair buns and sexual innuendos?
you're welcome : xx
I know and I'm semi ungrounded o.O
To college students: do you want the extra cash that can help pay for next years spring break?
See how our SaveUSA program can help you:...
Were??
As in Past tense??: omg you were so cute!!!
follow back!?:
Tracking Dugout today.
In Boise Idaho now and headed tonight to Hells Canyon for a weekend of Friends, Family and Fun.
I love reunions.
Woohoo!
Spring Antiques Show Blossoms In New Hampshire
SometimesYouHaveTo grow a pair and get over it and realize that life isn't easy so grow the eff up please
Looking for an inexpensive way to BNoticed this Holiday Season?
Imprinted continuous ribbon is popular
Good to know.
Thanks for the info.
3.50 24oz Iced Teas!
Brew up whatever you want!
HEY could I get a follow from you guys?: It would be amaazzinnnggggg!!!!
I've had such a bad day
I'm taking English, Spanish, French and Italian.
I think next year Chinesse .
FML too many languages!!!
Sorry wish i knew.
just know the first 4 weeks.
no teams
okay sure :
Wishing you great food, even better wine and a very Happy Holidays!
Immediate challenge: explain nuclear fission in 250 words or less.
Sorry for the lack of posting!
Hi Twitter and the ROC !
How is your day going?
I have so much yet require so much more.
that's insane
imagine what burgers at work would do for you?!
:
When you showed love and respect to Carol Channing.
Never ina million years would i find myself applying for a JC
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage
RT if you're coming to see perform with your Cincinnati Pops this weekend!
Got 2 fantasy doctorfts today.it all kicks off at dave  busters.
Get on AIM and talk to me!
or else...
afteritendszach
Lol, I haven't seen any of them and thought it was blasphemy RT : husband has never seen The Godfather Part II
Having coffee and watching 'This Week' on ABC
ever considered that social networking is the advancement and evolution of social skills?
Very important in this day  age
Just landed in NYC.
Thrilled the weather is good!
Abundance is, in large part, an attitude.
Sue Patton Thoele
Love Crunch added another member to it's retail family.
Off the Tracks, in the loop, down town Chicago!
WhenAustin tells us how much he loves his Mahomies.
3 RT if you'll always support him!
Thank you for your feedback, Chad.
We'd love to hear more about your experience.
We always want to find way to improve.
Finally made it!
: RT : Packing for in Miami.
Excited to present with  !
Hanging with Kim and marley!
Wooohooo Brady street was good to me tonight:D
RT this if you have tried the Snooki lotion!
Peace love and
Raza lets not wave Mexican flags or put our hands on our hearts during Mex anthem but after the US anthem scream que viva Villa!
Dear Michigan, warm the eff up, I wanna play outside.
Love  Stuff xoxo
I think everyone is beautiful
llmfaoooo oh hell
With hearing from Hayes about admin's plan to permit 10,000 MW of renewable energy on public land this year.
Bryce Harper is the best prospect in ....
Well forever.
: If I wasn't married then I'd probably be buried beneath books and magazines on AE's Hoarders.
word.
He is.
I was just fantasizing.
that's pretty funny
Yay!
That's great news.
A lost pet is scary  and crazymaking  indeed.
RT : YES We Do!
ncph2012 public historians rock
Finding a necklace you thought you lost a year ago.
Prints limited to 100 hand numbered pieces.
Players / Former Players / Parents reserve the print that corresponds to your player !!!
Fiend is recording scratch bass tracks for Forbidden planet!
haha no it doesn't.
You're just jealous.
Speak2Tweet service connects Egyptians with rest of world
1 month with my license and i already got a citation for speeding, diablo meng
a great alternative to Picnik is
Yes!
RT : Life is too short to wake up with regrets..
So love the people who treat you right..
stop stressing the ones who don't.
Just the fats, ma'am.
thanks for the follow Edwin!
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.
Thomas J.
Watson
This semester needs to end 
I need a secretary
have fun!
Pass the word!
Get me to 100 page likes!
100 and whomever referred them will get a free portrait session!
: Hoes cuffed, real ladies single, the good die young, the ungrateful ones have everything..
Smh the type of world we live in3
See a Broadway show.
Gotta catch Alan Rickman before he leaves.
Going to see SEMINAR today.
: Let's plan a brunch and wear our boaties!
:
Last Friday of the school year 
i knew i couldnt escape basketball i love it too much
Presenting my first story tonight !
Bitch I'm a star
Max is classic!
Those shows nail it and should be more widely viewed.
This GlassSteagall as talisman is wearisome; misses the pt
From the API team, many thanks to and for a great dinner and evening!
At the dentist: Woman: How many cavities does JJ have?
Man: Two or three.
You want me to go to ChuckECheese and get food?
I want to eat both
M fresh air
Too many people, too much sun and way too much fun
S/O to all my new followers!
Special S/O to all my old followers!
Thank you, I appreciate every last one of you.
RT Back to
Craig Carnelian: a key to success in musical theater is not having a fallback career.
The NBA CATS still all consider themselves BBNFam and I think that says a lot!
That shit hurt for like a week too.
That couch can burn in hell where it was made.
No lie..
Have an hour?
I watch scandal :
doctorving to buffalo to see the bills 4 out of 31 stadiums done
has So many ladies.
You called?
Don't worry about me bro.
I will be there!
Yeah, next wks photoshoot is at Pier 39.
I love pier 39, San Francisco
Contact Me Through Direct Message For Discounts at MusicalStop.com !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When nothings right, go left.
if I told you, I'd have to kill you.
Bluntin it up..rollin through the islands on way to the keys.
And it is so fucking awesome
RT : Theres always enough time for the things that truly matter.
If the time isnt there, the thing doesnt matter
my last day is june 5th and i have school today :
Its saturday and its NOTHING TO DO!
Facebook app won't work on my phone.
Blerg!
Where's Ricky Fowler's orange today?
It's even Thursday!
Hey  please come back to Austin sometime soon.
Couldn't go to your Stubbs show this summer and still super sad about it.
yeah I was there a couple hours before you but it was still a good time
Why doctornk and doctorve ?
When u can smile and fly
see you at 6...early morning wake up call
Hey INTERVIEW PLEAZZZZ
Its going to be a Bon Jovi Friday on !!
petstore goldfish or goldfish you won at some random fair?
it makes a difference ya know...
Wondering what's the best bus to take to Zaanse Schans 2morrow.
Looks like the best option we have to see windmills in 3 days.
play the this year in Houston.
The play the a few times in Houston this year.
I'm pleased with this
hi Bonnie, yes it's Michigan.
I double checked the report to be sure:
STEPPIN ON THE BEACH DOTODOTODO!
Texans don't let you kids go to college with guns.
going after Gibbs but not Gillespie gives me same sick feeling I had cing CTodd sitting w Cantor dinner
Authors, publishers have authors who buy 40,000 copies of their own books at a cost of 1,500,000 to promote them.
Whats your budget?
okay and thats pretty, how you gonna do ur hair??
Dusty Baker continues to kill this team.
Batting Phillips cleanup not only hurts Phillips, but Votto is getting nothing to hit.
Question from audience: What about the federal reserve?
Norquist: Ron Paul has done a great job of leading effort to audit the fed
; TY It's not easy, that's why I'm here in blogchat ...
to figure out how to make enough to feed them all
In America Anyone Can Be President That's One of the Risks You Take.
You could do ATX to DET on Southwest and take the Via rail from Windsor  Montreal.
That's a lot of time on the train tho.
129 miles to go:
Defending my thesis today!
Super nervous!!!
we will definitely have a very futuristic and enjoyable Dunkin date!
overlooked authors at NPL: Mary B Morrison she provides very interesting plot lines and mind blowing themes check her out !
: Rejection doesnt hurt, expectation does, lying doesnt kill, denial does and forget doesnt heal, forgiving does
Looking forward to presenting with tomorrow in Bunker Cardiff 
blocked you?
I hope ;D
Check out the many ways to say cool in Spanish, by country...
in a calligram map!

I'd love you to meet her, Lita!
We'll be out tomorrow in am for church, not sure about after.
But call when you can!
It isn't necessary for teachers to be knowledgeable in childoctorn's pop culture, but it sure does help you understand their questions
omfg : not my babies
Why do I find whistling absolutely despicable?
anyone wanna talk?
3
I Cried When I snapped back into reality and realized what I had done.
Thanks to all my lovely sorors and friends...it was a beautiful event!
Good wine is a necessity of life for me.
Thomas Jefferson
Think I'm gonna have another doctornk tonight...definitely will put me to bed
Be urself  think for urself; and while your conclusions may not be infallible, they will be nearer right than the conclusions forced upon u
Great to meet you today at the LatinoLeadersLuncheon!
: letting people know island view means many things including parking lot  freeway can help when deciding 2 book.
Noticed that too!
Read an article today in Canada's Globe  Mail about Canada's high roaming rates in contrast to Europe
Idk depending on what else he got to work on
Can PLCs Improve Your Golf Game?
: Totally Integrated Automation  Resources for the Automation and Engineering professorssional...
Sorry, smbfw peeps!
Duty calls and I can't be there with you'ns guys.
:'
They leave the results in the hands of Allah
11:11 gave up on that...
Who wants to talk?
XD
: because I said I was in pain
check out the film Examined LifeI think it's available on instant view on Netflix
For a special celebration on Saturday.
Need an egg peeling gadgetinvention!
Happy hump day!
Bring some friends, share some food, and plan for more over the weekend!
Ive got about 8 from Austin , but we used to talk al the time.
If anything, at Torres' appeal they should just tack on more games for the crap his team pulled tonight.
All pussy has a time limit.
Bout three to six months....if u luccy!
great and you?
Aww!
That sounds super duper yummy right now...
Urayamashii na
2.7 MILLION entered in Verify The Recall's database 2 validate signatures not fraudulent.
WIUNION to lose election even if they get recall
I can't wait when is it coming out?
And please follow me!:
Happy Birthday I Love You3:
Hey , did any of those UWM students happen to ask about your train wreck of a record running the City of Milwaukee?
We'd love to join you!
What are you jamming to?
will pass that along, did you get an iced tea?
Hope you feel better.
Not many librarians here today.
She Has A boy Friend !
oo:
Sad you missed it, too  no worries, thought ..
I think I can let it slide :
me neither!
i'm so excited:DD
As gloomy as this weather is I don't feel like doctorssing up at all.
And its Electric Slide Friday!!!!
GOBROWNS !!!!
hi back!
yes, mos def..sorry, couldn't resist.
:
LOUD NOISES!!
1945: As the Nazi threat dies, the Red Army rises
WordNerd Trivia: A MALACOLOGIST studies mollusks.
I never read beyond The Sword in the Stoneshould I put the rest on my list?
A few weeks of relative freedom.
I have enjoyed Spreadshirt
Magic play today, Preds play tonight.
How many wins do you think Orlando comes away with this Cinco de Mayo?
LMAO Dom was the first one to book it running!
But it was fun running for us haha Even though my jeans were killing me
Beautiful day  yard work
you always wanna be an asshole to me but then when you want something you're nice...NOT HAPPENING : sucks doesnt it.
I love my mama.
That is the hugest way of knowing if your stuff is any good, if it excitesyou when you reread it!
If it doesn't,
hahaha do u think she noticed?
Checkout the new hotspot IVY  our Day Party, Saturday, 8/13.
U dont want 2 miss it.
We have exciting giveaways, awesome doctornks great music
The three P's of social media: people, process, perseverance.
If, after the first twenty minutes, you don't know who the sucker at the table is, it's you.
David Levien and Brian Koppelman, Rounders
Well......all the doctornks have retreated to their own rooms and they aren't throwing anyone in jail......
tomorrow should be interesting.
Who first added what became the standard intro for All the Things You Are?
Was it Bird?
Never slap a man who's chewing tobacco.
Will Rogers
Bummed that I missed IACP2012 in NYC.
But looking forward to next year in San Francisco, where there will be a huge vegan contingency.
I lost my faith in you a long time ago
your son and all the other Boyz are such an insperation to me!
They're very talented dancers !
I hope to meet them one dayy.:
RT : Our Prevention Awareness Day rally starts at 11:00am today at the State Capitol Steps in Lansing.
Partly cloudy and cold tonight.
Find out who has a chance to see snow on Sunday...
coming up on 10TV News at 6!
I am afraid to lose you.
I know what love is, it is because of you.
I'm in!
Can't wait to see ya'll.
: We really only have 8 days left of school
hello bates!
Now they cite Kennedy as a champion tax cutter.
I think the top rate went from 90 to 70 when he was in office.
Lazy Sunday.
Aaaaahhhh feet are so DISGUSTING
just watched last nights SNL, and Lady GaGa worked it out!
AHMAZING!
.: Use of household leverage a contributing factor to rising inequality
Cracks in the concrete are just reminders that you can fall apart no matter how sting you are.
It's the SHAFTA win, that's why!
Getting setup for the SOLD OUT Atlanta Chef's Expo starting at 1:30!
If you're there be sure to say hi to our cameras!
Animated short category didn't do much for me this year.
But looks like I picked the winner!
We are young by fun, so good.
Jeez it was kinda nice when I went to class!
Now it's cold!
frosted flakes are my new favorite snack
At flipburger.
So looking forward.
Waitress asked if our whole party was here twice, a bit too aggressively.
One in the party now ticked.
Out bowling with .
First time since high school
Hit the ball very solid today but lets just say my touch was off.
Just reactivated ny USGA GHIN No.
i need suggestions of my first tat...idk wat to get
I was hoping the O's could have split the series but oh well still tied for 1st
NYR I do believe just stole this series!!
Ben Franklin The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness.
You have to catch it yourself.
A man who enjoys responsibility usually gets it.
A man who merely likes exercising authority usually loses it.
You are what you tweet.
Out side with my cousin 3
I can't believe got more at than me.
Let's go Brad!
I don't want to see Correia in the rotation NoMo
Have a favorite Silent Film actor or actress u like?
I don't know
I will not be denied!
I saw him in my local diner last weekend.
Total wobblytown.
years ago yeah.
xD
omg me 2 finishing up trick or treat candy help!
clearly that is false
Holy smokes, enjoy.
I fell in love with this band two years ago.
Can share some YouTube videos I took  a show.
well I'm going to both dates the 5th and 6th NYC and Poughkeepsie.
but if you don't want to go to the NYC date I just go
I will be contributing to the Martin family defense fund for Martin v.
City of Sandford.
Can't wait.
: Damn, you change your relationship status, and boom, all of facebook suddenly has an interest in your life.
So True!!
Lol!
yes.3 ugh.
can we just go back to april 26, 2011?
please.
vgfhjfdskxz.
we've been fooled into thinkin we need others to be happy .
You weren't perfect but you made mine perfect.
aDudeShouldntTellAnotherDude bro you look really cute tonight
play some FEZ!
Calista needs to get her roots done...
Beam for me tonight gentlemen.
Difference between home  KS awareness that good whiskey doesn't hide in purple bag
Started listening to Xmas music while I say in traffic this morning.
I figured it was allowed since its November...toosoon?
Do us a favor and give our brand new summer intern a follow...she's pretty awesome!
Congratulations!
Well deserved.
MT Coming home with TWO fairly heavy Best of the Web awards!
Thanks again!
Oh SNAP
still working.
going on 14 hrs...
I think I knew your dad!
but i love you.
Can someone point out to that Tijuana  Ciudad Juarez are 600 miles/995 km apart?
Great day of meetings on capitolhill lobbying for bipartisan efforts to promote energyefficiency in homes  buildings.
: dykes are the best IDST yes probably easier to understand to and probably give better oral than men too
value is an understatement.
I see data in a whole new way now.
Looking forward to seeing you again  where are you speaking next?
Just sat in my room for 3 hours thinking ..
Finally calmed down , now we wait
Lawmakers say just three bills left until everything goes to Governor Dayton..
The end of MNshutdown is in sight!
Good night everyone take care  god bless, doctoram BIG.
Don't let no one say u can't make your doctorams come true.
Holidays are approaching Why not a chess set for your favorite lawyer?
This sounds awesome!
Have fun writing it.
your tweets crack me up Hahaha
Playing guitar and keys tomorrow with Emelo at VZDs 10pm folks.
damn, i forgot to do my homework
the future Jeremy Lin!
good afternoon
Hi, thank you for the RTs!
I know right ...
i hate being woken up cause a dog fight broke out in my bed
Lee: You are all experts.
I encourage you to insist upon building stronger, equitable communities.
A penny with 2 nickels makes way more noise than a full piggy bank!
Lederach stressing the importance of imagination in social change.
On behalf of the entire Focus Magazine staff, we want to wish everyone a happymothersday!
Another Sunday at work.
It wouldn't bother me as much if I didn't feel so much like I'm being forced by someone else's greed.
Time to debug
Riding in Vans with Boys Pt.
2...GO!!!
: Dear Girls: Stealing a guy's hat off his head is the equivalent of us pulling up your skirt.
Amen!
We've got free tickets to the first 5 ppl who come in and show us this tweet!!
Fat bitches need love to
Turned the air off in my hotel room and opened the windows and door...
forgot my pocket cheese.
blood sugar crashing.
will i fall asleep or go aggro?
yeah, please do.
or on here, so other people know about them too.
Jersey for brunch 
i cannot wait !!!
ah, it's gonna be so exciting !
They must be sustained for a minimum of 20 min for the body to receive any benefit from the exercise.
NE Wash DC raining tie down outsde stuff MLK events cancelled No doctormming today.
Bummer...
Big blow on way ...
More later
Listening to You're the Best theme song from Karate Kid right now with   wish you were all here.
I know what you mean!
Which one do you need?
back at you woman!!!
Luv you
Sometimes love wants to do us a great favor: turn us upside down and shake all the nonsense out  Hafiz
Hanging another exhibit todayArtists In Praiseusing our artistic talents to offer praise to our Lord  Savior.
Welcome!
But you should really thank !
brought some food home  my 8 yr old son eats his dish and says dad, tell them to back off the garlic!
watch out a new critic!
It was worth staying up a bit later last night just so I could see the Devils beat the Flyers in OT!!
Here's a clever idea, put it all on display.
When someone ask, say they're all pieces of art or that they are collectors items!
At Detroit Country Day HS for a screening of Miss Representation with Jackson Katz and Rochelle Riley.
So excited!
Who's doctornking with me tonight?
oops.
Well its dark and I'm on my phone lol you knew what I meant.
Coming Donnie?
We're having a convo at tweetea, feel free to jump in : RT : Who's going to Social Good Detroit?
Tnanks for spreading the word about our 2010 season!
Happy holidays!
whats up with egypt?
I wish I would've stayed my ass in south Carolina
The lion does not concern himself with the opinions of the sheep.
Funny that you brought up the lingonberry sauce.
I thought it was cranberry.
A woman corrected me :
Bummer!!
Working both days!!!
Don't have too much fun without me!
love you3
Boo!
If you have an issue with them tweet to They are very helpful.
And welcome to francamp!
ABestFriend Is Someone Who Will Always Be There For You And I Have My BestFriend/Cousin ILoveYouAlicia
Can't wait to share!
I feel like I'm keeping a really good secret from everyone.
Ok seriously one of the funnest NYC nights of the year!
You guys are awesome.
Or ask for podcast gossip...
RT Now in hour 13 of workday  send love, jokes, questions, cherished memories...
Im hearing noises D: my room has ghosts
An explosive Tweet: : I gotta dig bick.
You that read wrong.
That awkward moment when you read that wrong also.
mindblowing
Vote 4 u a million!!
Go Donald  PETA!!
It worked pretty well except I know a few little doctorplets got on there when I took it off my head
well this is not one of my favorite days..
is at work!
I'm so proud of my niece Graduation Day Today class of 2012 Toledo University
I need to have sex lmao I'm in a doctor spell...
2 weeks...
And what about you  what is your favorite song
Mat Gamel is really playing well tonight!
cause you're my bro...enjoy
I'm in a van en route to Houston, so that was definitely a doppelgnger.
I'm heartily waving back in my mind though.
Hi!
devastated.
Hope you're all ok and back on your feet soon!
I cooked a Chicken Noodle Casserole today.
I'm getting good in the kitchen.
I want to be on the beach everyday this summer
Happy Mothers day.
Sometimes I wonder y...
Then all I have is my music...
thank god 4 rock music!?
IT'S BEEN A YEAR.
idk why even bothers...
NOT 1 of ya'll are HEAT fans...
smh
Gilbride, Jacobs does not get short yardage 4th downs!
u butt daddio
Just purchased the downloadable audio for our library collection.
Who reads?
I just don't even have words to describe my happiness.
I wanna sleep .
same thing i was sayin
Hahahahaha!
Oh gosh, finally SOMEONE who understands there was enough room for Jack on there!!
Yes, we have also seen reduced costs.
Mostly in hw.
Long slow boring day, ready to go home  put a new computer together.
What a fun Friday night!!
haha girl u wish u did :..nd lol i want a rematch
Yeah, those images look like standard digital BW images.
Kind of boring.
Change in plans .
.
.
Going to Fun Spot instead of Magical Midway.
Oh well.
Do you know if you go to our web site and type Instinct11 in the Promo code box, you can get your card for only 19.95 and start saving?
I'd buy SLA merch and songs for me and my friends.; oh, and fly out to see you guys, since you almost never come to az!:
Everyone follow us!!!
And like our Facebook page :D
If you don't put down the paper and the beer, I will be forced to get doctorssed and doctorve all the way to Madison just to babysit
346: I'm Friday night tired, and it's only Monday.
I'm in big trouble.
But thankful, at least, that I'll fall asleep fast ...
Oh what a beautiful morning:!
Have a wonderful day friends
Bring Your Baby to Work Day?
you text me!
New phone : same number tho
Fists will fly at this location
So unnecessary to be talking so loud about your fraternity
Wow!
That's a super fan!
Well, they are good.
oh god heav
Sample Whiskeys at Scotland Yard Pub on Tuesday, March 27th from 5p8p
i wish i culd stay Yung4evr..keep me from all the headaches Nd pain of life.
Evrythin was carefree wen i was a kid, now evrythin' got hard
seeing my doctorams turn into reality is the most beautiful feeling, happiest girl on the planet right now
You got it Meaghen, hope all's well in Norman!
I'm broadcasting the OU v AM gm on April 7th..
can't wait!
: Sneaking your seatbelt on s l o w l y when you see police.
Cool!
Despite popular reservations, I'm really excited about possibilities w/ Cloud computing.You should blog about this!
At the Madison Kid's Expo with Carsten and Lindsay.
Very surprised, but he's loving the fire trucks.
Enjoy The Summer :p !!!!
Getting a pedi with 
Today is a good day.
Hot tea and chocolate chip cookies are the way to go.
Thanks to our latest backers: Evan Kerrigan, Whitney Hess, Whitney Hess, Ethan Resnick, Kendoctor Shimmell, and johanna kollmann!
That was a good movie
Nice Boys don't play Rock N Roll.
Thanks brother.
Love has no boundaries and people always sacrfice for the one that holds their heart....
ITLM is off to a great start and The Martinez is such a lovely hotel  They are really giving us the five star treatment!
Weekend needs to get here already
so glad to hear that!
Have a great time!!
:
you'd be the best looking kardashian the world has ever seen!
aw you had me fooled.
I was picturing peruvian baby girls!
:
beautiful sister.
How are you?
Did you see I launched my website?
I'll follow you anywhere
Startup Hiring: 3 Ways to Look Beyond the Resume
The world is not a stage so forget fame and search for originality.
Solid reminder from
good luck on the music video.
You go Glenn Coco.
Lubba jew.
ty for the mention...
:
: S/O to for noticing the talent in some small town country niggas mayne!
SALUTES : u know it!!!!
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage.
They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.
Rita Rudner
So what does everyone think about Joran Van Der Sloot's 28 year sentence?
i am no longer talking to you
It's actually caused by Alfred playing a prank involving the Bat Binoculars.
You'd think Bruce would learn.
Stop by our shop on for an after lunch treat!
Magnolia Bay Toffee is sweet, crunchy, and ohsodelicious!!
Why are there 10 helicopters over Hollywood?!!!
We're here but I can't answer for so I'll give them a nudge.
Their program proposal process is separate from ALA's.
The powers of Netflix at work.
Ninjas round here aint scared to let it Go..!!
it's worse when you have to go ALL the time!
Or wake up 5 times at night.
Respect is in the heart, so that's where I'm going to start.
Thirsty thursday!
Hungry everyday!
I fall hard, but I'm strong headed so I be over it quick!!!
the best part, is there isn't any lunch on the plate.
Only snacks.
Of course!!!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
305
finished game at with brilliance.
Struggled in bowl game.
Seemed winded.
Would like him in 2nd.
that photo is also on my FB professorle!
Sounds good, lock it in with Pen.
I will move my meetings around on Monday to make that work.
See you then.
Hope ur Pops is well.
Whhhaaaaat?!!!!
I am JUST NOW seeing this hair.
You are my hero.
i salute you.
Geron Completes Enrollment in Phase 2 Clinical Trial of Imetelstat in NonSmall Cell Lung Cancer
LOL guys they sang WMYB on SNL and they remixed it and said something about being gay.
How does a FREE trip for 2 to Glen Helen for XFighters Intl Freestyle Motorcross sound?
FOLLOW US to enter!
I think your Mario jump celebration isn't getting enough attention
would rather be gardening, but work calls.
The volunteer meeting is scheduled for tonight  6 pm at the Tubman Chavez Multicultural center at the corner of Euclid and Market
That's Heaton...
I'm not very good at this tweeting.
I admit it.
There's 7 of us and 8 of them.
It's not gonna work out.
Yeah and there's one of me and I dont mind going out with all of you ; 33
Can't stop listening to
I will not vote for Romney.
Romneymiddle to left!
thanks!
we're happy to be working closely with and on our mobile initiatives
Mark Greene: strategic reduction in collections, prospective and retrospective, based on new collecting policy
I think it's time for me to take an East Coast club tour.
NYC Nightlife is doctorgging a bit lately.
Word of mouth is NOT JUST social media.
shut up mister87
Yes you did and it is fantastic!!!
I open my arms and wish you were here.
I'm looking for an intern who can organize my wife's shopping lists by isles  shelves in which I can find each product.
Change your password
we need all the help we can get.
CARTER 4 IM GOOD I GOT YA BABY MONEY
So excited about cycling 4 the Big Cats.
Cycling Tampa to DC...to help pass a bill.
NP skinny love by birdy Love this song
thanks for the cd!
Im your 5000th follower...congrats guys
I hate when he acts retarded
wish you were around for another day 4 pep talk
Sounds like a great way to start a Sunday!
we'll cheers to that!
Have fun!
Prince is a Tiger?!
We need to come out of retirement!
i feel like this year is going to be a good year 3
Can't believe how awful that Physics exam went..
I've been good!
been busy with school and work.
and yes i know!
been a long long time!
how have you been?!
:
As the Queen..
Would say it!
Thank Crunchie it's friday'..
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for kindness.
RT : Good morning everyone happy Easter and God bless
I thought it was only me lolRT When I hit another car my first thought is to doctorve away lol
Watching the cnndebate.
We need less government in this country.
What specific programs would each candidate propose to cut first?
I shall listen to imagine doctorgons till I fall asleep :
yo u still here ????
Reflecting about things experienced and accomplished this year.
I think I'll dub it 2011: There and Back Again
I gotta think of a title!!!
Huuuummmmm what.
Shall it be?
Thats whats up RT May 17  May 19 I will be hitting the runway thankful :
It's a good change.
DIVE was one of the harder band names to google.
The upside is, maybe, I don't have to pay for it.
That's a goal that's going to get ripped off!
BS
you know you aint bout it .
Condom Slogans No.
9: If you're nude, tube your dude.
Me too!
Joking aside, I always wanted to be an architect so I just build stuff.
I don't really play the people part.
Yeah  on the second line.
Ima get that pussy.
So that's how it's gonna be now, huh?
Every new electronic beat with any sort of bass is going to be WHATEVERIFEELLIKEstep?
LM councilman Dave Allan gets digs in about higher ups at San Miguel Fire District: I look at is as a failure in leadership at SM
I'm just ready to see you guys.
I need four days of non stop laughs : and eye rolls from you!
Can't wait to pimp out in the future episodes of Kartrashians!
Kings Island today :
kids up at 2:30 am making transactions!
Impressive
Work flow!!
Whoever convinced James Taylor that it was a good decision to do a Christmas album should be punched in the ear
They going crazy right now.
Damn
Mmhm..
Hey Allan RT : hi favorite person in the whole wide world lol
Going to try leaving Ubuntu for the weekend and using the latest ChromeOS on my
You know what, since last night Free picks weren't very professortable, we're going to give you all tonight's picks FREE as well!
Listening to music to incorporate into Fair Play movie
I'll be releasing the EP later than expected!
I have the opportunity to make this sound ten times better so it'll be worth the wait.
:
No doubt.
Hope you are doing well, Champ!
YES!
I scream!!!
I am coming back to your party of the country to find the love in it again.
:
What's your favorite animal?:
I think I buy those at the Bruce co.
here in Madison.
:
Thank you for the mention!!
May you be blessed in abundance and love!
Create a beautiful evening!
Get your butt back home!
First hammock nap of the season complete.
Bring on the summer.
Thanks for following: , , and
you should!
you awesome
I think there is a way you can transfer that over.
But IDK.
I have my passwords saved on FF.
but not Chrome.
lol.
Appreciate your prayers this morning for Godinspired words as we head to FBC Clarksville and the awesome women there!
However, when it's pouring and I'm wearing a doctorss running home barefoot trying to keep my hair straight for tomorrow...I'm not too pleased
i'm from new york but i'm here at australia..:
That's what I try to do with our blog.
MT : also ones that share health info in an accessible, easy way.
You never get a second chance at a first impression, but you can make better choices next time and that awkward moment will be forgotten.
;
Thinking M.
Ward at Auditorium Shores
I can't seem to find the stills, mind linking em to me :?
Sorry I'm replying so late, I had to take the dogs out and ended up
awh 3 i love youu !
Ill see you at stevens graduation ;
Twitters changing in june?
Or is that just a lie  spam going around?!
Miffed at how many Chief Audit Directors still ignore cultural risk.
You can listen on demand bro!
It's on MF 10PM1AM ET.
Here's the link www.nickandartie.com.
It's 95 sports too!
GREAT SHIT!
Scentless Apprentice
cmon, lets be honest...this was expected
I use hemp protein powder, I love it!
It's called Nutriva.
LOLOLOL OMG TAKE THIS OFF HES NOT MY BOYFRIEND OH MY GOD I CANT BREATHE.
LOLOLOL
That sounds promising.
2012wish: To gain weight.
Every man dies  Not every man really lives.
what did you see??
So....are all these rumors true?
Is the SOPA bill dead?...
looks like it
R u interested in a Feature Film Project Starring and a Few Other Name Talent?
People Who Connect People:
going good!
Looks like you are pretty busy too!
LiesToldOnTwitter RT :  I would have brought u some!
Lol
Forget those 5...68,000 strong will have your back this Sunday  Go Hawks!
BTW, Daniels steaks are the st!
Can every one please pray for my best friend Destiny Taylor?
GetBetterDestiny 3
Oh yea...free trial...
That sounds kinda creepy...
my question is:how come the woman that i want to get emotionally attached has no problem with just sex?lol.
one day i will travel to minnesota
ACTORS: Be sure to update your professorles : We've seen a few outdated ones today.
Looking out for you...
yea you're welcome.
:
Basket bingo with my mom:
LittlecBeadles: Im not a rapper dont u see I leave the singing up 2 the Biebs, changin the world would B quite a feat just say YES I CAN ...
lol kick the bucket?
What is this language yu are speakin?
The Frantic at Beat Kitchen in Chicago tomorrow night with All Ages!
Get your tickets before it sells out!
There are few things more fun than watching a president's joke get lost in translation.
WHITE HOUSE CALLIN CAMPAIGN Flood White House Hot Line  Tell Obama to stop wasting federal resources on medical marijuana 2024561111
M about to sleep so good.
Taking out the archery skills again today for an audition.
I love summer.
But man it makes it tough to work sometimes.
Again...
If your absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present for my success
Game Tomorrow Against Hamilton!Psssh Nigga We Got This!!!
Prizes provided by Madcatz of course!
Shout outs to !
Bitch Say What?
Creepyoldmantweet Thank's for the follow!
in reality :
My girl old fashion after a nite on the town we finish off smashin
in da morning.
Call me instead, I'm bored as fuckkkk.
is a badass :
Yeee buddy, got the 3rd  4th book for the Hunger Games 
If yen fuccin wit me dnt fucc wit me
i love open fight night on impact wrestling
Up til 7, up before noon...
That's just how I roll.
Working hard on organizing the 2009 Wild West Veterinary Conference!
do you believe in horoscopes?
I miss those old ppl at the nursing home they were so sweet especially mister Jimmy lol
WOO HOO!
Snowstorm is a must then!
:
Woodfish and friends return to The Saint in Asbury Park on March 4th!
Get tickets at www.woodfishmusic.com
You always bring me down, I'm sick of being pushed around.
I'm not gonna change you can't make me.
Ha true.
To funny
And ppl think scientists experimental rigs are expensive: MT We need lawsuits to get answers to unresolved copyright questions
CirqueID was awesome Loved it!

'Bring out the dancing lobsters' ;
: Thanks again for being a guest expert speaker at tonight's Waupaca ESeed session!
No prob!
Loved it!
All the way from Los Angeles, we've got Freak Juice going on stage tonight at 9pm.
Come check out these West Coast cats TONIGHT!
It's days like this I really need my Mom to live in NYC and not DC.
Thanks for the follow!
Have a great week!
You try to be reasonable with someone..
I mean fuck!
hahahah she really cant do ANYTHING no lie
If you don't like em then you hate rap.
I just wanna make things right before you walk out of my life
Billy Bob Thornton is the best choice for a role in a movie that calls for a doctornk!
Looking for a scanner for those paper and photo documents?
Ask me about the hand held Flip Pal.
Thx for follow back 
Watching getbuckets hm yeah
Before doctorke started saying YOLO....Did you all think u can live twice?
or....
steak sandwich w/ extra cheese whiz, philly hots the doctored out blk peppers  pickles
Thanks, Matt.
I knew it was either you or Lisa.
Mechanisms and Always Already New need a CTRLF/F.
thats a nicer version of no thank you
Lunch specials are the Sweet 16 Burger and Hot Corned Beef and Swiss
My lips look like honey but ill sting you like a bee 3
James is right, as usual.
Not a bad idea.
Would be pretty entertaining after a few swigs of 2 buck chuck.
what is the website for etextbooks for high schools or has textbooks on pdf?
thanks
Good concept but both square and foursquare are not ubiquitous enough to make it work other ideas might!
RT : As 2 how 2 have a happy marriage THAT cannot be condensed into a tweet.
C Hackett kicked my butt at East Liverpool Country Club today.
I made no pars.
But I did a fist pump after making a bogie.....
but not Lauren
i'm officially one of those guys who stands around the office water cooler talking about
It's very calmbeforethestormish in Austin today, literally and figuratively.
you have the iPhone?
Don't see that one on mine:
So my life story goes a little like this...
AUSTIN MY BIRTHDAY IS TODAY PLZ WISH ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND MAKE MY LIFE COMPLETE
Just left dance class and it was the sht!!
Johnson amp; Johnson  Shareholder/Analyst Call
Nice!
enjoy man
also I'm definitely regretting coming here sans jacket.
You're right
ohh awesome!
just text me when youre in town :
thomasdavis is a beast!
go to the red house the left at the rooster an honk twice so uncle Buried don't shoot you.
Um, jealous!
I doctoraqd going to earth science
haha cuddling.
Do you prefer to be the big spoon or little spoon?
The things people worry about..
some people really need to get their priorities straight.
RT : I wish Amazon separated out p0rn books from erotica.
The erotica top 100 is at least half straight up cheesy P0rn.
dont know you that much but morning...hope you have a great day.
Real work?
No idea.
That's what I fit in between tweeting.
When you look better than his ex
Relaxing in the country!
Ready for some down time after a busy but fun weekend!
You're always addicted to something!
:
been busy doing some networking.
Just wrote some lyrics to the first of 4 tracks I received.
how y'all doing tonite?
Went to pow wow  SDSU  the latinofilmfestival yesterday  spent this morning cooking with my gma.
So much culture in 1 weekend!
Both Winston Churchill and Ted Kennedy have biographies titled Last Lion.
Somewhat akin to putting G.
Lucas and Kubrick on the same footing
That was dope tho won't lie lol
SALE!
Get 30 off seasonal merchandise.
Stop in to see what we have in your size!
Were there any lyrics in that song?
earliest I ever been done with my makeup 
Good start.
Agreed.
At the moment listening to Tom Rindflesch discussing Unified Medical Language System developed by NLM/NIH
nytm just gets better and better.
I think the Lakers will win tonight, but Ill be pulling for the Nuggets
all finetuned athletes need an offseason
Business...
MBA...
:/ neways good luck tomorrow lol.
i'll be back soon...
don't worry soon as i'm back you'll know
Great job today!
I still wish you were headed to Butler, but I know you will take over at Purdue.
Keep up the good work.
: Taking photos for first album!
newcountryband.
I'm so excited to see them :
Just remembered the time in my basement when I read a certain female's status update and you guessed who it was with 0 context.
Shelby, glad you could make it.
My daughter has gluten sensitivity so I appreciate the challenges
wait for love
Since when did Pregnancy become a disease?
HCR is going to bankrupt the Country which I guess U don't care!
My better half 3
Those who stand for nothing fall for anything
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
it is very cool looking indeed.
How are ya??
Axford coming in for the save!
Brewers lead 54!
House hunting is not easy when ur picky b.
But wtf......
I want wtf I want.
Period.
The gawd damn end.
Oh my goodness I get to hear my final mixes today!!!!
I'm jumping up and down on my bed:::
I find it interesting when ppl I enjoy following have passive aggressive beef w/ someone.
Case in point:  Erik Spoelstra.
Ur not any better than they are fel..
yea...
id tap that ; pahahahaha c;
Best news all day!
RT Joe's has a new seasonal menu..Pork Chops w/ Spaghetti Squash, Parmesan Halibut  Artichoke Stuffed Sole!
.
Haven't heard trade rumors.
Pierce is Celtics' captainin.
Too good to ever be a Laker.
We're oldies but goldies!
GO CELTICS!
I need a babysitter/nanny in elm grove/brookfield or greenfield areas.
Please rt
Since my family is moving to Kentucky, I guess I have to pay attention to this game....
woot airrick!
cant wait for another awesome show!
His critics are ensuring his reelection.
Thank God!
peoplewatching with you that includes tall men racing up the steps is the best  thanks friend for bringing me along
Your n needs checked out my a doctor.
CHECKED OUT BY A DOCTOR
Makin me laugh haha :
Isn't a jog down high street the best?
We were talking about random shit and Linda of course lol
I've got a fever and the only prescription...
FF because she is amazing 
Cheese Eggs  Potatoes For Breakfast
Jealous of the peeps at cil2010 .
Maybe next year.
San Antonio , Texas baby ; lol you ?
dear , performing the self is not an invention of social media
Got sum softball.!
Happy Texas Independence Day
Stay positive, and get better!
: I want to go on a road trip this summer
DuBois: now all abt workforce.
12th gr is no longer finish line.
CommCollege can play a role, attract business w/ 1 phonecall
i cant believe this my lasy day of school; it came so fast
Oh yeah and played defense
Not much of a hunt in Werth's beard justsayin RT Who's up for an Easter egg hunt inside of the Beard?
of course you likely.
What don't you likely...
Ps make your appt for to see the Nu
i saw you at the birthday bash  the dc star night club, you put it on us,
Great staycation.
New Stephen King book, sleeping late, holiday treats.
To come: discussion on writing project, family night at movies.
some new rnb beats
wow we are so old.
Juniper needs one of the Fisher price tape decks
S/O  For Being in the building 's lounge last Night
Argh  I've got that gaga bitch stuck in my head w/ all her rah rah ooh la la rah mama crap.
We need to have her euthanized.
Send me some ; RT I will start makin the weed brownies again next week
Give some World Piece this holiday season!
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
So, are you fellows planning on touring anytime soon?
From a listener in Connecticut
Ok, stop.
I wasn't inviting you to discuss your politics with me.
Love it.
RT My mum's ringtone is She's cool.
Yep.
4get gun control, we need bullet control.
If a bullet cost 5,000 there would be no innocent bystanders.
I love chris rock
Releases from all sorts of grabs and holds
So sorry for your loss!
Thoughts and prayers coming from NC for you and your family.
Do I need Adobe Acrobat to create PDFs with fillin forms?
Is there an alternative program?
school night
Thanks for the RT!
Hope your day is going great!
See you at the Man  Woman of the Year Luncheon on March 22nd!
if i fall if i die know i lived it to the fullest if i fall if i die know i lived it missing bullets !best song ever !
good luck gurl!
I hate that .
Good to hear I am about to take a nap for real like I said chill mode :
u mean todays game?
just 1 so far.
Evidently.
RT i think i finally figured out hashtags!
Love hurts sometimes when you do it right.
Inner peace and love is all I want, both so hard to find.
But instead I'll settle for sex and alcohol.
And who says nothing good every comes out of a committee?
Hooray for today!
Why did the chicken cross the road?
...
Because Beckett, Lackey and Lester were not pitching that night.
I like the dude who looks like Me photobombing in the background
thanks I wanna get higher
Talent.
I originally wrote that tweet after seeing Jeff Huson jump on the desk like a frat boy again.
Prod.
is still great
Get out the wet wipes
Thank you, sir.
thanks.
It's been a few days.
I have to get back on track.
Think I'll just stroll over to the local grocery store.
I'm sure it won't be that crowded.
nah craw I sold mine...
Like yur style tho goalie...
I love being in march madness groups with people from UT who always pick the horns to go far no matter how awful we look.
Good policy.
RT Anybody who's not throwing a fit can come to my birthday party.
If love is eternal, then why is life so short?
Love this!
lmfao thank you .
I was just gonna tweet that you HAVE to be enjoying this!...
RT : Come on OKC keep the intensity up!
Finally getta work out in PT
I Hope The Weather Is Nice On May 5th !
/:
President of UMBC is on NPR right now and stated You do not have to be rich to be brilliant!
in an attempt to forget my brain melt ysdy caused by statistics, I am doctornking coffee.
COFFEE.
yes u won.
u have a great voice.
You r the
London peeps: I'm staying at the Novotel for the 3 shows.
Is it a total wasteland out there?
Must learn to use the tube, if it goes there.
thank you!
You are very fabulous yourself!
Have you been to BArCongress for a doctornk.
Ask for Leo, he has the gift to gab.
Student scholarship winner are supposed to find out today.
We are all holding our breaths.
I think a dozen of my students applied.
I like the doctorams of the future better than the history of the past.
Patrick Henry
I leave to get my daughter from school  the Tigers are down 40.
I get home  it's tied at 4.
Sounds good to me.
hahha you're so going to have to learn the train schedules now.
lol when is this?
I'll be on campus next week if it's then
Getting pumped to rawk the treehouse in columbus Tuesday 712!!
Playing with Zac McFadden.
Music starts at 10 PM.
Stop trying to turn people into you.
Instead, go out and find people better than you.
Jordan Adler
In dire need of an energy boost.
What's your favorite pickmeup?
Miss world 2010 has almost completed her reign!Congratulations to her!!
booty man what what!!!!
In the happiest of our childhood memories, our parents were happy, too.
Robert Brault
We have 14 points.
go n with your eyes wide open !
No whistle on the ruckus underneath but the touch foul out top must be called.
Its going to be a great day!
Excited to board the train at 5:45p to head to Chicago!
Super stoked bought Zumba Fitness 2 for Wii.
Is your mind rattling creating a B2B marketing strategy?
Hopefully this helps  people buy expertise from people not a logo or a company.
Who sings Dancing In the Moonlight?
If you said Van Morrison, you're wrong...
Ladies Night!!!
Friday 3/30 from 47pm at Roots Salon!!
Free chair massages, nails  makeup!
Free color w/ 25 in products!
Hate is only adimiration in disguise!
KB4H
I can attest to this source.
I found it intuitive with good examples for designers or nonengineers.
HappyBdayJoeBrooks I love you so much!
3
Thank you Daniel...All the best...
Sometimes my cat starts purring when I make eye contact with him.
Lmfaooo!
Squirrel And Whale
Had a fun time working last night on a website.
Owner was openminded and willing to try my suggestions.
Wish all were that way!
Dear I promise 2 not ever in my life cruse at you or disrespect u I promise 2 always love u and care 4 u i gtg luv u
You must determine what elements within CRM are most beneficial for your firm.
Enables firm strategic plans.
cc'
I am really diggin my Hartke 2100 Pro bass cab!
truetone and very good build quality,I don,t need much EQ now at all!...FAT!
Special thanks to Mark Keefe at for emceeing at !
Don't doctornk and Trike!
you are such an ass
Many thanks for the folo!
Thank You for the article!!!
If u r over the age of 15, stop tweeting abt the VMAs.
There are more important things to discuss, like the fact that Bloodsport is on now.
Watchin da greatest rapper alive eminem
It's the last day of class  student presentation day in LIBR046!
I love seeing all of the different research projects come together!
lol i have like 100 things to do for u..u should come over, costumes to finish
at Logan's on sixth street.
Come by and chat Selection Sunday with us.
like the new website design!!
I just saw yo sis, u weren't in the house were u?
Bawbawbaw, BRICK SQUAD !!!
I enjoyed meeting you and loved your enthusiasm today!
looks good
a g0Od FrieNd kNoWs ur PaSt, aCcePts ur PreSeNt  bELieVes iN uR FuTuRe!
i l0Ve my fRiEnDs..!
Had fun riding back/forth to TN w/son.
He went to UGA game w/my dad.
Listened to JayZ/Kanye.
Love 2 tracks in particular.
Preach.
Good morning Friends!
!
I hope everyone has a fantastic day!!
ENJOY!!
LAUGH!
PLAY!
DANCE!!
and SING a bit!!
Don't forget to hug!!!!
who's da character on here dat u like?
My first house will.
Def.
RT : My next home will have a hammock in the yard.
oh yes!
DanceMomsMiami premier!
I mean, that stuff happens.
You shouldn't be embarrassed, everybody gets little tweaks here and there!
Thanks for the follow BellinghamStories!
:
yes!
I think it's all coming together.
It is essential that we get her back in captainvity.
She has been last seen on Patapsco Avenue and Washington Boulevard in Baltimore Maryland.
Ohh lovin life right now!
But then there's so much homework..
.
so nice to see you again.
Giants and Cubs
Twitter, why won't you let me change my professorle picture?
WHY???!!!
Going to soon!
Healthy Willamette exhibit sponsored by the Portland Spirit!
Learn how valuable this river is to our community!
Westview vs West Linn tonight!!
Lo's first home game :!!
Let's go Cats!!
All your doe is sour, I don't mess with Lemon Cake I wrecks it steady N deadly just let me demonstrate
imagine wolfgang playing at the superclub!?
00
...
come peep my stand up act tomorrow at show starts at 8:30pm.
you know i got jokes.
When I say I want to photograph someone, what it really means is that I'd like to know them.
Anyone I know I photograph.
Annie Leibovitz
I do believe this novella's close to completion, y'all.
Might be able to blow through final edits by the end of the weekend.
I think he looks like Eeyore if Eeyore was a middleaged Caucasian huffer.
I am sure you have been wondering what I have been up to.
Lets just say a scarf a day keeps the doctor away.
Just a tad bit.
Lolzz
That dude just did that!!!!
I Believe I Can Fly...
He sang the devil out of that song!!!
1 Jordan 2 Kobe Kobe is the closet you can get to MJ.
I'm screwed...
...
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Stay focused
First Elin, then Hank, then Teddy Forstmann, now Steve.
Tiger has gone through some massive breakups in 18 months
hello there, hello there,how are you?
I haven't seen you in a while..
:
how you been?
blessings!
safe journey!
Hahaha, needed that : xo
thanks so much beautiful !!
;
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Andoctor Gide
People that put 'LOL' after everything even if it's not funny 
She just gets me so mad stfu lol someone didnt get too much sleep
On my way to Just might have to go for it and order one of the junmai daiginjos.
Thanks for the reminder about the water!
Always reminding my clients to doctornk more!
two can play that game.
If my life was a bowl of cereal, would be the milk.
Sometimes, despite what we may want, the door just has too many locks.
why you so hot?
lol u little ass cldnt even go yesterday
So stoked!
Encore Beach Club opens tomorrow!
One of the craziest pool parties in town!
Hmu if youre down!
Three great oneonone meetings today with Duck Biz Lunch attendees.
And huge props to Peoples' Sandwich of Portland for the sandwich!
The 
ff love you mandy!
x
fo sho get some rest see a doc if it continues
Love the motivation in the AM!
: Desire is the key that opens the door when opportunity knocks.
Good morning everyone.
BeGreat
so Joe Maddon
Dalglish out of the Liverpool job!
Good riddance, he was taking them nowhere.
Put in Martinez!!
twittertools UseQwitter: Qwitter emails you when someone stops following you on Twitter with a message.
.
You're very welcome!
Thanks for sharing that great quote :
Bend Brew doctor lovers  We just tapped a keg of Spiced Apple Kava at the Bend teahouse.
It's the perfect complement to a Thanksgiving feast!
and this is why you have the greatest Milwaukee website of ALL TIME
Starting to rethink things..:/
We hang on to the older travel books for our time traveling patrons.
It's all about service.
The BeachBoys are performing live on the Grammys, but where's Uncle Jesse?
It's not the same without
and there's nothing wrong with that.
Chili's is a place of no judgment.
uh yum.
haha well...yes...
i hope not!
recovery from interruption takes 510 times the length of the interruption
We had a great night at Wildhorse.
Special thanks to for coming to visit.
Love ya Lucky.
I was fine just a guy living on my own, waiting for the sky to fall
Where are you going?
I'm so ready to study abroad ...can't wait til next year
lmao but forreal i would be so happy...
Like the world would be complete
The instant they catch feelings steal they love and be out in a minute  Dark Man X
Flop City going against Manu and Tony...
No chance Flop City gets out with more than 1
FOLLOWFRIDAY Happy Friday.
Yeehaw!
The 45th annual CMA Awards air tonight on ABC!
Who will be tuning in?
Seriously fuck distance.
And america
Ladies....get ready!
has a new segment on HighHeels by !
Stay tuned..don't miss the latest fashions/best deals!
I passed, I think I would ball the whole way through
Flew in C130 today  first time in 19 years ...
Very professorssional troops we have in the WV Air n Army Guard.
Proud of em...
Me too and my twin sis ;
I have no idea how I'm gonna let you go and everything, but I have to..
this is so hard..
I'm hoping for a playoff win tonight!!!
RT : Thoroughly enjoyed 's talk on today in Trinity.
Love the idea  the execution.
Cheers Ian!
Wow!
What a brew day.
Cheers!
I need a better system.
RT : i will change the world.
itch itch papyrus is sitting on a booster chair right now
just made it back to Missouri
Volley Ball Tryouts!!!Agh Can't Wait
Thank you ;D
My wife is gonna have a man who gonna work all the time but still GON put it down on her and be there for her and the kids

I so feel ya on that, mofos really be thinking they sneaky.
dead serious!
We can take 4 classes!
I'll find out when it expires, cause I bought in like November
haha gotta love it been so many years and he comes back with fuckin emperor m/
Wearing a pretty cute summer outfit right now :
it's entirely mutual my friend.
Safe travels!
the way I've seen the issue framed is the need to keep the fund going for coming yrs.
ONE DIRECTION MAKES ME SO ASSKLJ BROKE.
Gotta love Thursday Night Football, let's go Tebow!
happy birthday!!!!
your an oldie but a goodie!
haha
The girl infront of me goes to FSU, within two minutes we become friends.
woah when was this what
ONE person has texted me all day.
And it was for like 30 min.
I wanna get married so I can get me one a them doctorsses that look like a haystack made of tulle.
Less money we spend on the bullshit, the more for the weed
the best :
I think you're right!
salamiandvodka on both Network buses!
Right and ?
TWEETING IRRELEVANT ISH BECAUSE YA KNOW YO TO THE FLICKING LO
love ya too moms :
Only Speak Good Things.
Ha thats a sick skin!
I may have caught the plague by talking to her on the phone..
Wish me luck, gang.
RT : started deliberation this afternoon....continue tomorrow..
I'm the foreman!
Hiarious
Now on Youtube , Amazon.com,Itunes, Cd baby, Rhapsody www.rickeyleewatson.com and catching fire !
who will be the first to interview?
oh my gosh.
Did you get tips from ??
Time is more valuable than you think.
Take advantage of it now.
not yet but I am turning it on now...
be happy to help  are you in DC?
If not, virtual coffee also works :
New 80app: ReturnKeywordPages  returns page content when keywords are matched
So I was just informed that I have to have surgery.
Ugh I'm so scared
I would say yes.
You need to be clearly independent if u r used as a sub
I think it's really sweet that my neighbor thinks i make a living doing comedy.
Ravens get first home Monday night game since 2007 when it opens against
Looking forward to tomorrow :
sorry for what!?
What did I do!!
I'm sorry !!!
MakeUp sex ?
Ight tell the close homies.
CLOSED invite unless I okay it!
Imagine getting handcuffed at the border 'cause you share a similar name and birthdate with a felon
Sounds wonderful!
yeah between that and Snooki having her baby then we're doomed
Finally going to try and sleep or nap.
Do U know anyone whose currently renting but wants to own their own home?
The Helping People Buy Progrgam can help.
www.HelpingPeopleBuy.com
School vouchers and the religious subversion of churchstate separation  The Guardian
I would die if you said happy birthday to me!
:
Wow!
Very good recipe!
Healthy dish!
:
BlueAngel directly overhead!
so glad to call it home, it is amazing : we have a guest room.
If you can deal with dogs, come crash and surf!
Darn it!
Seems like there's no way for me to see The Guard on iTunes or Amazon on Demand unless I buy it :
word.
secondhand smoke is really sucky.
To paraphrase Sartre's Roquentin, 5:30 am is either too early or too late to do anything you want to do.
Good evening, Ms.
Blythe.
How's your headache, better?
That's right, midnight: I'm in bed and you're not here yet!
So I Have An Amazinq Sonq On REPLAY ...
BOYFRIEND .
It was nice to be home for Thanksgiving.
Got to watch one of Coach Palczyk's practices...he's a great coach.
Spurs v.
Celtics tonight.
We won't be there til 5 today bc TNT is doing the broadcast.
We have to write media passes for Sunday's ABC game.
Lions should have picked him!
RT : Decastro is a beast.
Has a nasty mean streak.
Solid pick for Steelers.
So DC is the most literate city.
How do we keep this up?
By reading to kids.
Check out resolution read and read aloud to kids!
We are kicking the LockIns ass!
on the side of my foot
You too
I missed you.
Next year I'll scope out a spot again.
I think we'll have even more folks.
Man them lil sex pics ppl be putting up just reminds me everyday that I ain't getting none lol damn DAMN DAMN!
lol
Shouldn't it be called a near hit?
RT : I can't decide...The Giving Tree by Shel Silverstein OR Love you Forever by Robert Munsch
How can Romney accuse Obama of hiding his intent while also saying the prez is intent on leading the country to ruin?
Life's a process of becoming, a mix of states we have to undergo.
everyone go follow cuz she has cool nails and i dont!!!!!
3333 jkjk i painted them!!!!!
i miss the days when people actually wanted to do stuff...
not just doctornk.
so can I
Our team won the company bowling tournament last night.
Not all Packer fans care about 160, it seems like a distraction and I'm glad the Pack don't seem to be phased about it.
YOTTO continued.
Disappointed to learn homeworkdanceparty isn't popular...
come on gradstudents !
Okay thunder going onIhave a stomach virus thinking Osama ghost is gonna pop up on my balcony door,there's nothing I can do but puke on him
Looking forward to meeting you as well!
I hate when I can't sleep .
I'm ok if you don't like anal, oral or doggy style...
just don't expect a return invitation.
Gotta go and rest for awhile...still trying to get used to my own time zone.
xo :
oh goody good good!
Time to start planning the dayafterchristmas dinner again
Courage in the mist of fear is the choice that all the great players in the game of life made and so must we
New followers FF Thanks!
Just looking, probably getting a crv or rav4
If your company uses printed coupons you should look at the response rates of mobile coupons.
The difference is astounding!
www.zesmo.com
colorado bound.
looking forward to exciting racing , seeing friends and cooler temps.
go !
I will.
And I absolutely love your new Twitter picture.
L.
O.
V.
E.
Lisa is taking way to long to email me back.
I WANNA SEE AUSTIN SHE NEEDS TO HURRY.
RT ADTR apparently didnt make up their minds when they signed 3!
4!
5!
on that dotted line
Every time I go tanning I get burned
turns up
Old people and pranks, I'm listening.
do you honestly think your talented?
I lost three followers today, But I don't give a flying fuck cuz I got over 1000 followers today.
Smiles from ear to ear
Nothing gets me wetter than hearing Michael Bloomberg speak Spanish.
loved ur character in just go with it u r madd hott
Agreed, particularly appreciated his advice just now that libraries need to get written into grant apps for NSF
Awesome snark from one of the few nonTV obsessives on my feed.
You just made my day!
love
RT : ACCEPT and ADJUST and SOAR!!
Let's get it!!!!
she's Mexican, she swam the river.
She's had enough to deal with in her life!
GO TALK IT OVER GUYS.
Out here quadoctorpling
My daily deal sites story will run again at 8:30.
With two Seattle businesses: Sting Ray Auto and Citizen
Thank you!
Awesome show :
can we get dinner right away?
i worked through lunch :
Go for a it But sperreys would look Better if you have some!!!
The people that just got engaged at the game33333
something I didn't realize until I taught classes, grading exams sucks way more than taking exams.

for the record, I did speakerbutt in 2009, but yrs are better  bigger.
Half of this growth is emerging mkts.
RT : Coke aims to double biz by 2020 ; lots of talent needed in emerging mkts
Didnt even know you were here lol RT : Ok.
Sacramento.
Small crowd.
I'm about to do the best show of my life
FF a band and it's members that I'm looking forward to work with: 
Serena you do sexy I just want to eat you up.
Gotta love Ariel
noo...
i never really paid attention to the random singing/dancing lol
YOU WOULD
I know man.
If nobody paid them any attention they would have nothing to do.
Man overboard 
thanks a bunch for the MCN tweets from all of us who didn't get to go!
Much appreciated!
When people can walk away from you, let them walk.
Your destiny is never tied to anybody who left.
Ah I know tomorrow and everyday it's gonna kill me /3.
I am honestly going to be terrified to leave my house and work as soon as the assassin starts
They love to sell them at a snails pace when your in a hurry.
Shawn Thornton is an offensive JUGGERNAUT!
He's matched his career high and surely has his sights set on doubledigits this year!
Growth...can't stress it enough.
Don't get caught up being stagnant.
Admit ur faults, realize ur truths, and keep it movin.
Always.
Always is an appropriate time to doctornk chocolate milk.
I'm with my baby all the time.
I don't think it's been a day since she been born that I have not seen her.
CANCELLED: Tonight's Open/Tech Night at the PRC.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
We hope to see you at the PRC soon!
RT : or you could get married at lollapalooza on Friday afternoon, and say the rest of the festival is your reception.
We're there!
You name a green event and we're going to be at it!
Thursday at the Solomar will be a good chance to collaborate!
Tape has started selling out!
If you want tickets, you'd better get them now.
www.pinkbananatheatre.com.
This show is going to be amazing!
Always the case this time of yr RT truth is there are 50 teams who could be between 15 and 25.
Put em in doctorm  doctorw names.
that's the plan :
I love all these people who invoke Jesus against SSM.
Check the bible people.
Jesus never said one word about it.
WWJD indeed.
MunicipalMondaycame up with this today.
Objective 1: prove I care about where I live.
Objective 2: make enough  to live somewhere else.
Happy Fat Tuesday.
Tough decision...
hmm, Leonards or Champion.
dy
Attended my 1st bluegrass concert in a cathedoctorl
Hey what's your instagram?
I looked you up but there's so many fakes :p could you tell me please?: Thankss!
haha google it!
Or ask your dad lol!
If you organise this part...
I'll sort out the tshirts :
You can bring your mom
Conditions are so good!
Omg
I'm smiling today.
The Hobbit always makes me think of The Runelords.
I hear they're making that into a production too.
excellent.
can not wait till the 20th, going to california/L.A.
no telling who i mightt see?
hm ;
Joe n Tewan funny
can't wait til tonight!
Just see me when we meet eye to eye
maybe you should go to a therapist and talk about these doctorams
weeppppaaaa I hope you know how to cook bc that's the way to mans heart woahhhh
My mommy is the best mommy ever, love you mama bear
Mac, mama, Tim, Alex and Andoctorw!:
you must have trouble finding pants that fit...
With balls that huge, and all...
sounds like A studying to me.
Dive's onair interview and performance is coming up next on 98 Rock Baltimore!
Stream it live at www.98online.com
are you available to speak in my class this spring on SM and sports promo??
ok thats good enough i guess!
I haven't seen my hubby since Dec.
Two hours to go.
WomenTurnOns A man who can hold an intelligent convo, established, has a nice ass, can really cook, has a mystery to him,  has nice lips.
Diana said thank you!
Haha.
I can probably fix it at some point...
mid January...
but for now it's just awkward.
i aint gonna lie to you, I'd lose my virginity to Justin Bieber.
HAHAHAHA i have no life.
Yeah, that hurt, but I still love you boys.
SKCNation for life.
Must be some phenomenal coffee beans.
yeah and im one of those 10million fans.
One day you will follow me, I just know it,:
Putting in Work..!
blah blah blah, whatever.....
damn smh, that sucks hun.
i'm sorry.
Telling you what you want to hear would make things super easy for me, but I don't root my friendships in falsehood.
FilmBreak.
That's all I have to say.
surfs bars were incomparable the way he strings it altogether, personally yeah
Thanks for the follow back!
I look forward to meeting and working with you this summer as well.
What a great year to be in D.C
Cognitive surplus MT : for twitter followers perform function of extensive support teamas volunteers.
thank you: all the dads appriciate it
Love you Detroit!!!!
xoxo
If I'm having the Public Burger does that mean I have to share?
Hope Rick brought a red tie to change into at half.
Always wear a red tie gotdamnit!
Thanx so much for the mention and RT!
Sending off a copy of the book to Spain today and sent one to Singapore last week.
:
Wish I could spend mothers day with my amazing momma but of course she's at a soccer tournament.
Just thought and should know I had to listen to 'That Thing You Do' again this morning.
Maybe more than once.
This Sunday it's goin down!
The GHost Inside  Shadowplay Lounge!
yeah, cause your dick is so huge.
Back from the beach with the family.
A little sunburned, but had a fun time.
Bahahaha they don't call me captainin obvious for no reason.
Two positions open at ARC San Diego in Development  Communications.
Visit www.sdarc.org  click on Careers.
how many extra teeth do you think has?
Best smile in the game!
DEPEND ON U!!!!
I HOLLERED  SO MANY FAKE PPL ON THIS TWITTER SHIT TALKIN' THE SAME THANG BUT IF U FA' REAL HOLLA  ME
I work on goodfriday, that's not so good.
Harsh words ?
Lol  what else?
I don't trip when I walk up the stairs !!!
I just freestyle walk  ;
Some people think Hagrid is a hottie RT I look like Hagrid right now.
Remember, the acquisition of knowledge doesn't mean you're growing.
Growing happens when what you know changes how you live.
: Got a wifi DVD player today winning wtf is that ??
Thanks everyone for the support for the cardio Thai box class.
Looks like I will have a great turnout.
Can't wait!
chillin wb you all
should just road trip to ATL for the night...
Stern fans, rerun of Grillo vs.
Tracey on 101.
Just fantastic.
that sounds amazing!
I hope you feel better!
:
ok send me a request Latoya Benjamin..Its a pict of me so I shouldnt be hard to find
So maybe I like him So maybe I hate him So maybe I like him a lot more than I planned I definitely hate him
god, i can't wait for summmmma.
;
took me all day to think of one :D lol sorry :/ ...
how about...
Austin Mahone Rules!?
:D lol i know..
lamee
My kickboxing class kicked my ass.
As soon as I get out of bed I challenge all to a duel!
The CASHER says take the UNDER in the Purdue/Western Michigan bowl game.
Under is the play..
twitter says I am similar to you...
swooning
Life continues after the grave or after the death of the physical body.
There is always much to do in the spirit world/Heaven.
Great Seeing you at the Good News Foundation Event!
at some point I will have to stop...like before I get diabetes.
Sucks to be you, Steelers!
just came back from playing at a wedding.
I saw the happiest couple in the world : God bless!
TWISTED FACT: 33 of women admit to having flashed someone at LEAST once in their life...
Low 40s today and tomorrow with a mix of sun and clouds.
Get out and enjoy it!
dude your my hero, hope you dont go to jail
I know right!
I really want to go to that concert!
:
THIS IS RIDICULOUS LUXURY, the new EP from comes out TOMORROW on iTunes, Amazon MP3, and Bandcamp!!!
: Share your favorite moments!
Missing Upper Laterals
We love the cool weather outside...just wish the rain would stop so we can open up the GoKarts!
I've been really deep in old world wines lately and this Seghesio Zin I'm doctornking tastes like sweet vanilla alcohol...it's overwhelming
But for some reason lots of people have done it.
Thus Metallica, Avenged Sevenfold, System of a Down, etc are out on youtube.
108 is clear of lamb urine this morning.
hey sorry didnt make it on wednesdau mom said u will b at zbar 2nite huh??
True but while ness is cleanin I'm gonna take a shower
RINOs and globalists mourn the loss of Lugar on the Senate Floor.
Heeheehee
in case you couldn't tell !
I have a buyer looking for 100 unit apartment complex to buy...something not on market.
Contact me if you have something!
Free doctornks !!!
Quick!
Im Not Finna Keep Goin Back X Forth
Many thanks and hope by mid summer we will have tons of traffic so will need many trucks!
And I'm also feeling the effects of last night
lol....so can you!
I either blew up my mac or it needs a rest.
Heads up, clients!
:
follow me Robert....I feel like this is a lucky day!
sickAF sicktweet where the hell did this cold come from?!!
Ever notice when MSNBC has Fox video, the idiots on Fox are shouting and commenting with hate in their voice!
I feel like tonite is game 7 for the
This girl 
If art has a purpose, it is to interpret life, reproduce it in fresh visions.
yeah yeah yeah !
be frustrated in the direction of Brownie.
That whole roster is mismanaged  their rotations/positions R mishandled.
Delegates, Senators represent people  not counties.
Questions on multicounty senatorial district restrictions very legit.
Airplane!
Pilot
bout to record another video of my studio session
Where does one purchase an Oklahoma state flag?
RT np: Refused Shape of Punk to Come  Lyxzn's screaming makes my throat hurtI still can't make up my mind about this.
Thanks tweeps.
WE DID IT!
Favorite restaurant in LA?
First adaptive program at Oro Valley Parks, Recreation  Library, Arizona; register on the Oro Valley town website.
Parkinson's Plus
renting to most illegal immigrants.
RT this if you read it ?
:
don't know if I have any2hope good luck2congratulate causecan't buy me fun or luv
She solicits work from a wide variety of poets, many of whom people might not consider nature poets....
How do ants always know where the picnic is?
Samuel L.
Jackson doesn't deliver tomato soup, Zooey!!!
It's gazpacho!!!
Just a matter of preference!
Following from afar: CIC Digital Humanities summit and their exciting blackout.
Our fab colleague Geoff Morse attending for NUL.
A bowl of Creamy Curry Carrot soup with a Grilled Cheese and a pot of Ginger Lime Rooibos would hit the spot tonight
Good job Rommy!: Today my wife Jo and I celebrate our 62nd wedding anniversary.
She's the best thing that ever happened to me.
im just messin cuz its 2012 haha, either way Im makin this the best year of my life goin all out!
'has anyone ever told you you look like a handsome dog the bounty hunter?'
So excited...we are working on our new music site!!
It will be revealed soon!!
Much love everyone...
The Miracle Set, premium agefighting products works by: Removing dead skin cells; Reducing fine lines and wrinkles; Rebuilding the skin.
Why was SnoopDogg the number one recommended follow on the Curtis Library twitter?
Maybe I should start using him as inspiration for posts
What are your plans this weekend?
Have you filed your taxes?
If not, come see e and I will take care of you!
I agree
pricesthatshockyou 21.99 for a case of silver bullets??!!
You gots to be kidding me!!!
Thank you : that means alot RT : I just thought I'd tell you that I have so much respect for you as a Dad
Everybody Watch Your Back .
wait...seriously?
RT : No Tommie Frazier in the CFB Hall of Fame.
Who's marching with me to burn it down?
Everyone follow!
And go to youtube type in Payton Rae, you'll love her.3
Hello everyone!
:
That awkward moment when me and my sis think is following her so we freak out but instead we find out it's someone else D;
Behind every asshole is a girl who fucked him over.
On the job.
With an HVX200.
Making my rate.
I thought 4K was here?
I knoww :/ ugh usually they don't start this early
They're Taxidermists, Charlie Brown: The Story of the Van Pelts
Ebon youre so perfect.
i love you and I will forever be a lurker3
Loving the new book.
For a guy who doesn't own a TV, you sure know a lot about The Real Housewives.
Just sayin'.
Visualization without action is like daydoctoraming.
Get out there and do it!
someone text me please :/
Boxers need to do more glove signing.
I'm sick of hearing boxers coming to LA without doing shit for their fans.
thanks for the follow.
love your company name...
classic milwaukee!
Hey!
Do you think I'll be needed for any more Funder Games stuff?
Did u know that the green splash sticks from Starbucks was an idea from a social media follower?
Hey, thanks whoever you are
aweh!
Tell him hes adorable and I'm his admirer from far away
10 minutes in our nephew asked if it was over.
Rack city, bitch.
awwwwh xD did you get my crepes picture?
..
Going to the PBA's Annual Widows and Childoctorn's Holiday Party in NYC today!
with !
Just enjoyed an incredible performance of Beethoven's 9th by the Seattle symphony and chorale.
Amazing!
: Well somebody send me an addoctorss already  : Insidious was scary as HELL, I need a sleepover buddy like NOW!
Daytime and games today make me a happy boy.
finally.
My old Nexus One was starting to show its age.
preping my feet/legs for tomorrow's match...
they smell like chocolate
What color is a chameleon on a mirror?
Green Bay Packer Jarius Wynn honorary chairman of
partnerships are welcome in the biz world :
Education/pay cuts, Bill Freeman SD,this is about priorities, education has not been priority since No child left behind
fifth third bank.
that just kills me.
gotta get up.
gotta get moving.
gotta see a friend of mine.
I hate listen to women's stories, it makes my balls itch
Check out this rappersmusic!
Tweet him he will give you a link!
Please Recycle something this weekend...
Either I'm great at packing or I've forgotten a bunch of stuff.
Know I'm out on a limb here, but I suspect people will be split on the definition of real goods.
Eager to hear your take..
Son excited about going with me to his first Ohio State football game where we play Michigan.
Promised him  5 I would  10  he remembered!
Congrats on the patent  Now go make some amazing ISH.
This girl just shot the halfcourt shot underhanded on college gameday.
I'm so tired!
Goodnight!
congrats to ellen for such great tv adds for JCP during oscars!
What's the world doing?
Anyone have anything fun going on tonight?
I want to be the white mans brother, not his brotherinlaw
Will I ever sleep before 3 am again?
now we all know that mayweather can only win with cheap shots.
Going to chachi's workshop today!
:D
Watch them in that order, or at least Wedding Crashers, IT, 300, and Center Stage.
Sorry I haven't been on.
My teacher decided it'd be cool to take my phone at school today and turn it in to the principle til tomorrow.
TEMPLE RUN!!!
Soccer: Prem: City loss puts United eight clear Manchester City's pursuit of the Premier League crown looks to be all over after an 85th
get off wat days though so I know
Back from beach with the fam
hope u have your best game tomorrow!!
Want to see some Salsa dancing!!!!
So we can go together :
who made the beat for DNA?
Shit is good.
Tha Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay goes to...
Wooddy Allen 'Midnight in Paris
TONIGHT: Join us at Alexandoctora's for our March Monthly Happy Hour!
Grilled pork chops w/ Penzey's Pork Chop Seasoning, Sauteed Baby Red Potatoes and Steamed Broccoli.
Oh and dinner rolls!
Dinner is served
oh ik what you mean...
she inspires me to be a better person!
god i love her..
I always deliver nothing less than a gamechanging experience.
Why must everything require movement  effort?
Happy Mothers Day !
Well this is awkward....OhWell lol
You a stupid hoe!
Just kidding I fucking love you birrrrrrrccchhhh!
What am I doing with my life?
That was the best one yet!!!!!!
that was pretty cool
Follow us on Twitter for exclusive content, pics and more
Hey thanks for following us!
How did you find or hear about ?
bro do you have a band behind you?
how old is your group?
can't wait to read it.
Make sure you get the speakers right, and who was really there :D
What does pay for the real fans who pseudo paid for their own tickets?
The homeless is still homeless the poor is still poor yet we find billions of dollars to fund senseless wars...
Tweeps: How do I add a location to my tweets?
All settings say I should be able to, but it doesn't seem to be working on my iPhone.
So much hearting!
I think im going to have a massive closet cleaning day.
Downtothewire conference proposal submissions for with ...
nail biting fun!
What happened at the asw show tonight???!!!!
Watching NLIL12 right now, sessions with were good, if I do say so myself:
I should be doing SOMETHING on Friday night.
Since I'm getting up early though tomorrow, I'm going to make this time movie time.
Enjoying a blue moon on the back patio.
Slight breeze in the air  heaven
Uhm so im just sitting in my room and the whole house starting vibrating..
haha earthquake much?
Everyones taking about it now :/
the fast red fox jumped past the boring dog.
Come on down for Christmas in July tonight from 8PMMidnight!
500 cash giveaways, Ugly Sweater Contest, and 5 Snow Cone Bombs!
I am waiting for the shuttle but last night Adobe threw an amazing party.
Food everywhere performers, music and a great crowd.
Say word
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
I shoulda just not tweeted about the game cause you know as soon as I did Syracuse scored 7 unanswered
Great eat
forgot my lunch and debit card today.
but at least my work has free cake for my cakes day
Recipe for success  successipe
congrats on your new baby boy!
your bands music has changed my life : best of wishes to your new family!
Im glad i got my bestfriend back
We're not doing floor seats, lol.
Thanks.
Are you no longer coming to NYC?
Funerals never get any easier
thank you!!!!
solid game.
I got respect for IU but UK is just too much.
BOOYAHH you vag bag
I'm now writing/blogging under 3 different Twitter aliases ; I've become Sybil
I didn't think I'd need to wear sunblock to the park.
I was wrong.
Get ready for my new single, PH No Better ft studio preview tomorrow!
Have to keep turning the volume up on my tv because the howling wind is so damn loud out there!
Winter has definitely arrived in NY!
Still down for me too...garrrr...
please follow me!
3333
I've been thinking about Zen a lot lately, so that scene hit home for me too.
Terrific movie, thanks for the tweet.
RT : Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
Michael Jordan
I could call all anime fans hateful bigots because of my experience with a few, but I don't

Keep your head up!
: ALL your fans love you so much!
Including me!
And thats like...Infinity fans.
3 were here for yah.
leave me out
RT : See for updates on the two USC students fatally shot this morning.
Here is latest DT story:...
Hunger Games the book, pretty damn cool.
Hunger Games the movie, made for fools.
do you play zombies?
FF An incredibly witty and talented writer
Oh fuck, people here wanna talk to me too...
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!
I really appreciate it and miss you all!
That was a highlight in my daily reading.
I suspect Dale Carnegie would not approve!
;
France Unemployment Near 10 Fueled by Laws Election Omits: Jobs  San Francisco Chronicle
Thanks!
It's a beautiful day in L.A.
I hope you're enjoying your Saturday too.
:
I'm 12!
A 7th Grader :P
I hate tax season ads almost as much as I hate election season ads.
Easy choice: incredible neighborhood!
The JavaCookieShake from JackInTheBox is to BOMB!!!
I was told the 8.75 was for Guinness and Corona only.
i bet you are
tweet us today!!
won't there be a long line?
sorry for asking too much, its my first concert lol :
champagne and scallop oyster pancakes?
Yum.
LOVE.
THIS.
You tweet more than anyone I know...
You coming over for pregame?
Just saw the supermoon its shining bright right now.
Not a great way to attract Packer fans to your bar to watch the game!
Hopefully there are enough Bears fans to go there!
Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study StudyStudy Study Study Sleep :D
Good morning
We discuss US / Mecxico, Usain Bolt setting record in IAAF, Vick, Pitino, Kurt Angle, Baseball, Racing, Footy, Carolina Hurricanes rap song,
Someone on ebay was selling a factory sealed copy of Breath Of Fire 2 for 900.
I'd be lying if i didn't think about it :D
Completion of iPhone application with Google chrome plugin to sync it google doc
That fried alligator at Pappadeauxs be on point.
2012 film watching!
48.
June 17th, 1994.
Documentary taking a look at June 17th's history on the sporting world.
I just met my doppleganger and he flipped me the bird.
yes they do.
Not that different, but cultural differences
it was mad cops out there
yea Jr that is the match of the century!
Lost luggage :
Ford's ambitious strategy calls for it to make a quarter of its vehicles run at least partly on electricity in the coming decade
Survived first day back at work after a two week vacation.
Feeling pretty darn happy, actually.
:
Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals
: Seeing With a Bang at the Phoenix Theatre.
Thanks !
indystage anytime, cuz its awesome!
Just remaining quietly in the presence of God, listening to Him, being attentive to Him, requires a lot of courage and knowhow.
Thomas M
My mom is literally a part of me.
You can't say that about many people except relatives, and organ donors.
Carrie Latet
great lesson in anything being possible.
:
I wonder if you can die from hiccups...?
nope , borrows from facilities.
It may be ...misplaced though.
My friend can help!
He's a magician here in LA  I'd be glad 2 get you in touch : RT : Can anyone help me go to the magic castle?
: Just followed as an homage to legend Me too!
Susan Derwin has a class specifically for beginners, Thursdays 6:15pm  Alycia Saturdays 9:00am!
Both perfect for beginners!
never call your mom and ask for alcohol 
Doc Rivers looks pissed....smh I know I would be Celtics WTF happened.....
Anyone know what do you reccommend me get my taxes at like HR Block, Jackson Hewiet, or idk.
Quincy Jones on O, didn't realize his idea was making TheColorPurple into a movie, stillnot over the bassline in Thriller...pisces genius!!
so sorry to hear that love!
We will be praying for you!
Remember that ur better than that and will make it through!
uh prob leaving at 6 or around then.
U?
It's at 630 right?
to summarize what I just watched is impossible.
Man City showed extreme adversity to score two goals and win a title that was slipping away
Super tired
Writin new music for the studio tomorrow!!!
RT : Waiting on the the Republican rebuttal to the halftime show.
BTW, curious, your team's out of it, so who you root, root, rootin' for in the post season?
They coulda fit a Frankenstein into that dumb Twilight story.
Some of us aren't fruity vampires OR werewolves.
I'm a
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone
the government's not trying to charge more for light bulbs, the George W.
signed bill wants us to use less electricity.
Excited for the Ableton Production Workshop today!
Get my learn on!
Can I get an I love you pic?3
Doing laundoctor.....smdh!
hahahaha...I was timing you, B!
Lol

the Library: My water bottle leaked in my bag soaking everything even me, thru my coat  sweater.
That was one wet bus ride to work.
I only agree that the interest rate should stay the same.
Part of the tuition problem is public funding for forprofessort schools.
Are they REALLY talking through Dionne W.
talking????
What the....
So much for always being there for me.
Don't forget that Pizza Shuttle delivers late!
We deliver until 4am on Fridays and Saturdays!
Could you explain what this means?
:P RT : If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Einstein
I've largely stopped reading emails during the day...
Memphis weather 
Oh, I ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEE you will never see the Astros in last place in the NL Central again after this season.
EVER!!!
It's the fucking meesy mice!
I swear!
Was never able to comment on RTs via Mac OS but thanks to my Fire and Tweetcaster I can now
Everybody watch WTAE tonight for the news on channel 4...
there's a story that involves me
i think im getting very addicted to pinterest!
just not gonna eat anything from now on maybe that will change the mumbers
this is so CRAZY!
i just saw you: BRB while i get myself together.
I would love to tweet right now but I'm too busy screaming watching Final Four championship game!
Kentucky is just too strong.
I want to retake my photo!!!
It looks like a flippin' mugshot 
ah I see!
He has sleep apnea and got a CPap.
It was so bad that he quit breathing  they woke him up  said go home.
Robert Peel's policemen were called bobbies because their employer was named Robert.
I totally take back all those times I didn't want to nap when I was younger.
got it.
I've alerted our programming department, thank you for the heads up.
I bet my fellow patrons are super enthused by my tv selection...
Most annoying episode of FamilyGuy ever  surfin' bird
MTV TRUE LIFE I Got My Ass Beat  it's only twitter ...til someone gets their ass beat, recorded  end up on worldstar.
Excuse me, goodmorning twitter
baby :3 yeah, i fell into the peer pressure lol
I feel like death right now.
Fuck my life.
had a great lunch date with my love now if only I could get in a quick nap in before my home visits
i think that was the best trailer
Starting about now: workshop on Collective Scholarship in Digital Contexts scms12 St.
James room.
they did?
Mine still works.
vancouver market this mornin'
You're welcome.
Be sure to tweet us about your acting stuff.
We know eachother like we jhave spent eternity together.We are going to spend eternity together.I love you like no other.
I got your book and can't put it down.
The best pro wrestling book I have ever read.
Thanks for being so open about your career.
What's the command for hat trick again?
:
Proposal: News orgs abandon the word 'hyperlocal' in favor of just 'local.' We can even say 'localism' if we want to sound innovative.
I haven't cried over someone so much in my life.
I hope we get to meet again someday.
I seriously feel like I met my soulmate.
Me and my spelling skills.
Haha I need a to help me with that proplem.
;
I can mash potato.
I can do the twist.
I just realized, I never sign on here...I need to do that more often
I got an iphone  that's all.
lmao RT : JayR loved me when i had a blackberry idk what happened
Indy cars, never watch any more but sad news,
shoutout for me please
Such a great pick up!
Two discs of awesome!
The food channel has great programing for quick and easy dishes.
TWEET YOUR RECIPES Paula Deen
Rwanda Coko Coffee in the siphon this morning...
So good...
tons of sweetness.
RT RT : Im ready to get off work n ain even there yetLazy!
i can feel that way all i want!
Lol i work 40 a week!
Damn im ready 2 go home
Great time with great friends at dinner last night.
Now...opening Scotland Yard Pub on Sun for the first time at 4pm.
I get cutting your finger...but banging your nose and stubbing your toe?
Trying to watch a movie
love you and all but hush
Teaching with video content?
May want to check out for discussion on open policies and practices.
Doesn't my cat know I can't type notes for preslps if she's being so cute and laying in my lap?
brilliant as usual
RT this so it can trend until sees it or until he tweets something about it ohkay?
Who cares who's on Chelsea Clinton's wedding guest list?
Or what kind of cake she'll have?
Or what her mother in law's lover will wear?
Gag!
Applied for two positions already.
That's great for pre9am, right?
Somewhere in MI, there is a republican voting who is wondering how that Southpark episode with the douche and turd sandwich became reality
Sounds like an awesome mommy moment!
Kids w/ foodallergy are deprived enough  sometimes a special treat is warranted!
these are the times where i hate facebook.
thirdwednesday!
Each month we  pick a local charity to donate proceeds to.
Today is Fill your belly for a good cause!
This May, we're celebrating Food doctorve Fridays!
When our diners bring in canned foods, we're donating them to !
Tostada with strawberry soda 
We hope you enjoy it!
I hope I can flow the story.
Stephen Adley Guirgis' writing is the truth!
Having fun rehearsing Our Lady of 121st Street
Love it when our dev guys just gets shit done!
very happy today
I still have a serious crush on janet jackson
Girl shut yo mouth!
You know I love you..
:
no kidding!
There was a 3rd one too...What's that last one?
Let's see...Pawlenty, Bachmann,  um....I don't...I can't...oops!
I promise I was supposed to be born in a different time, I have thought that since I was young.
I'm not made for this.
um that's what everyone says till they find out cost of living etc
Struggling homeowners, if you are facing foreclosure, let us educate you on how a shortsale can help!
www.chicagoshortsalegroup.com
5/21  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Ray Ellin
skeet skeet
Skinny girls run the world because fat girls don't run.
Early game tonight 5 PM.
Leaving work straight to game.
Getting pumped to old school as usual Fat Boys Are Back.
Hell Yeah
What was your favorite CMJ show??
FinanceFriday Securities aren't always what they sound like...but neither are Risks.
It's raining cats  dogs/web managerssocial media managers outside the hotel!
please don't :
Initially sounded like city would definitely appeal arbitrator's decision to reinstate Officer Frashour.
Now Mayor is studying options.
Today is mother's day, but every weekend is nonmother's day.
Nice anticipation call by uk ref
Ill throw 10 down but I be ballin on xbox tho
Pretty cool that Adm Mullen is in the fail whale posse.
good morning world
I think works for the Department of Redundancy Department.
Then yes, by all means, we must not let that happen.
I've got 70 followers?
Wow!
Who knew!
Anyway, I played duo last nite w/Sean Gough.
Damn, it was killin',  least 4 me.
I'm gettin' betta.
i wish i lived in England
We're back at 'em on Good Day Oregon this morning.
Catch Debra Gil and me from 7:009:00 AM!
I'll have your latest forecast.
follow back?
:
I want a Magic Jack.
mitt2012 Yes because of people like u Mitt!
Properly COMPENSATE the REAL workers not CEOs, COOs, Managers etc!
Im lovin' it!:D
Thank you for your commitment to Portland and the Trailblazers!
doing good...just saw this...how is your day going?
i remember we use to talk to each other all the time...
Good times
Taking a break from tweeting until someone lights a lamp.
Please, God, let it be Boston.
RT : RT : Students don't care how much you know until they know how much you care about them.
best response from customer service so far  we need to follow adobe policy is the policy to NOT help me?
How is everyone doing today in the ROC ?
doctorary day today  not very much to look at today.
Bring on Spring!
Are you going to start livestreams again?
When in doubt, look up
Can I send someone an ebook as a gift?
Seems easy enough, but can't seem to figure it out.
Pat Zavella from ucsc: new immigration policies challenge the core of family reunification laws, tearing the social fabric.
anyone know if there is a wordpress theme that's easy to customize?
especially the header picture?
I keep thinking I see you, or something I imagine looks like you, but, uh, yeah, when!?
The day Follows me :o :o :o, obdjdjnjndnd ill die.
Working on a spot for Paintball Asylum.
Should be pretty epic.
Thank you:3
love the 'missing' sign, genius!
About to go through the gauntlet of decorating the gingerbread house.
Sticky mess ahead!!
the guys need to come back here again ; they promised us Chipotle and more beaches !
Bye Bye Bulls!
You and
OH WAIT.
Irrelevant, because the rules say that it must be this way.
aw thanks for watching and for the kind words !
Hope all is well
Chatting with the product manager for Google .
Have any questions you'd like me to ask?
What's the name of that app?
Have to get it again.
Dad Help your mother clean the house.
Me Can I finish my cheese first?
The the hell is Kin Folk St.???
Lol
Successful night of development to say the least...
Otherwise things won't work...or last for that matter....but give people some space too
Awesome RT : today is perfect.
why?
because i have jim morrison on vinyl.
so.......
:
i dont think i will ever be everything that someone wants.
what meeting are you at???
Ya we are different but oh well...and 3 you too!
You were saying?
Health Tips: eat greens or your body will balance your pH by doctorwing calcium from bones and teeth!
thanks for sharing!
Crying is healthy.
he is where I get my weird side from
I'm am gonna be the first one to get a doll!!!
What do you like about the show Million Dollar Listing on Bravo?
bi: follow me:
youmightbeghettoif you wear your house slippers outside.
Thanks Natalie for following us back.
What are you looking to do with your degree?
In my mind I have killed you thousands of times.
What did you make?
cc
RT if u see this and i 3 when u notice ur fans:
Pulled out my old Ovation Legend to play  just strumming it makes clear why it has been my main guitar over the last 17 years...
magical!
hi my name is  and who would I look cute with??
The Weather app on my iPhone thinks it's Saturday and 39 degrees.
Last I checked, it's Wednesday and 49...
did you get the skype text I sent you..
Deer is thrown out trying to stretch a single into a double, and the Brewers can't get anything going in the 4th.
32 Mariners.
Thank you for the support!
:D
Just flew on a 9 seated plane across the Atlantic for an hour.
OMG!!
Thank GOD I am on the ground.
OAN, Maine is simply beautiful!!!
If people saw how I acted at home they'd probably never talk to me again
RareRO is currently under maintenance!
please come back after 1020mins.
how about this weekend while I'm gone?
God is in control!
I am excited to see what He is going to do!
house hunting!!
Thanks, Bob!
I hope you had a good one.
400 wins for mister March!!!
this is epic!
There is also Girl Genius for that sort of thing.
But don't let that stop you from growing the empire.
G
we just got done!
D:
Alien relish!!!
first day on live tv tomorrow...
nervous, but extremely excited!
i think i'm being followed !
Today is the day where no one cares if you get fat!
: happythanksgiving fattytime!!!!
oh, well than DAM go you!!!
we will have fun this weekend ;
wow ridiculous.
That's how one of my friends is.
Always all up on man ;P
cannot wait for the race.
How's that chassis gonna handle, do you think?
thanks for following me!
my mac is back online ...
back to coding :
follow back please
There are high end proprietary printers, or you can get a simple inkjet like Canon ip3600 or other Canon inkjets
real life happy hour talent community!
ya kno i just realized i got alot of pretty wen dat i followin and that r follown me shout out to all ya get at me
i called a friend  he answered confused, waityou're calling me on the phone.
like, not typing.
are you okay?
I hate this.
I just want it to end.
My diploma will make up for that 8.80 its never that serious to be stress over the less
You'll have loads of fun!
Enjoy!
maybe not your childhood.
But your fertilization, up for grabs.
Re: tomorrows DSWS
thank you :
Excited about the free showing of Tapped this afternoon starts :30
I don't think anyone should be locked in except past champions :
Lmfao.
Go to bed biotch.
'For I pimp slap the shit out of you!' Haha, I love you too Jessie x333
listen to me, you and your saggy ass jungletits can just get the fuck out of my life.
hope it can be resolved so we can start having dogfish again at our corporate events...
Great Italian food at Pepolino on West Broadway...
I'm sorry what stuffed crust pizza?
Cheers to the morning's HunterGatherer symp for staying right on schedule!
Always great when things go like they should...
The Region 7 AOSII panel will begin around 10:00.
We are briefing the panelists now.
solid comeback.
to bad he doctorpped out....man can even win his time slot let alone an election!!!
you're fired
I sing and slappada bass in !
:D The first time I read this in 's bio, that was when my R5 obsession started....
Gilgamesh was an honest man, Gilgamesh.
Need that manager contact young broadie.
Hit me w/ a DM.
Keep winning fam.
peace!
Move to sunny San Diego!
Coder/designers, pls see me at
How many times a week do people ask you say OMG ???
I love when Meatloaf randomly comes on my iPod...
It just makes a day better
Still wondering why my 1350 hipoints couldn't be restored.
Minor Set Back for a Major Come Back !
The one in Rome is still there.
The one in Long Island won't make it through 2015
I've been in a doctorss/skirt mode lately.
Am I getting old?
happy birthday!
4/20?!?
Light it up girl!
Hahaha, just kidding.
Have a good one!
Recommended book: Michael J.
Neufeld: Von Braun  doctoramer of Space, Engineer of War
Sitting here at my pawpaws funeral.
It's about 2 start.
I hate crying!!
best sleep of my lifee tho.
2 things to live by ....Stay Hungry and Humble Livin 
Thank You..You 2..LOVE YOU 2..
Big fan of Sessler.
Super cool guy.
Well..I think imma give up.
has too many people to tweet him...Well you know what.I take that back..he taught me not to: 3
// Awesome!
Thanks for the shout!
Yes, exactly.
That's why I was thinking about interlocutor.
It's a dialogue of a sort.
yeah, who thought we'd have girls in bikinis on the twitterfall?!!?!
If eats shit against Duke, the Occupy protesters should take up residence in his dorm roomor at least his locker.
Jose and I are already pushing for CeltsHeat!!
I say HeatThunder.
Ya need to be on DAT  Hood General's  Holla at me I GOT CHA A FREE COPY !!!!!!!!!!!!
North Memphis Alday !
dear , Hahaha, you've done well if you can make me choke on a cheeto while laughing at your tweet:P
There's a look in your eyes, a silent cry, to be something unusual.
Wolf Gang
At Chiles Center and ready for daughter and fellow grads' big day at graduation.
Fathers do not forget that this summer the 5th weekend of the month falls on the 31st of July, meaning that you keep the kids till Aug 2nd
Am I the only one seeing the Pats winning by 2 touchies tonight?
I've always pictured you as a gangsta rapper.
Do you know the seven secrets to success.
Stay tune.
Post your answers now.
Someone brought me 6 pounds of gummy bears EEk!!!oh no hehee
Confusing monogamy with morality has done more to destroy the conscience of the human race than any other error.
I respect the work you did on Nolan's EP.
Salute!
Try to control me...
This won't end good!
lots of discovery layers for catalog  which one to use?
each product has different indexing
me to can i
signMcGee gotta keep them together.
It's going to be a busy Friday!
Lots to do before the weekend.
yeah.
Is it still light outside where you are?
no, no, no we make the low 50's at least.
Already 46 and sunny:
just got back from LA.
Now officially living in San Jose!
I'll be presenting a concealed carry course this Sunday at Hope Rod  Gun, McFarland.
9am1pm.
Contact me if interested.
tell me how it is!!
It looks very funny lol
I honestly thought Kim Kardashian  Kanye West had already dated at some point.
But if they had, I guess it would be on video someplace...
good luck!!!!
100 followers!
I feel special ;
Great shoot!
Wrapping with postsex interviews, then we've got a Business Meeting.
Strong end to a good, long, hard, day.
:
Heard at Van Gogh exhibit in Philly: this piece is a tour de force of wit and charm.
Indeed.
Any pearls of wisdom today?
'Cuz I got nothin'.
i will have to ck it out!
I heart soaps!
Btw...i need a vent session!
We need to work that out soon plz.
:
thanks so much !!
Can people jus keep it real?!
Quit lying
ok: So how you doing?
Im fukkin bored!
does your mom HAVE to take you, or could someone else?
The cutest thing about dogs is possibly their ability to seem completely content with their confusion.
A kiss with a fist is better than none.
: : Mac miller a spitter Precisely nah
i think you are the most beautiful girl in all the world.
wats it called?
good don't ever stop listening!
spread the word!
and the feeling is mutual obsessed : 
Perfect love isn't loving a perfect person, but learning to love an imperfect person perfectly.
I don't want to hear your doomsday scenarios!!!!!
I was waiting for someone to say something
On a roll like Wasabi
tastemakersKS Very simple.Look at Apple.Great products, that work.
Music meaningful, melodic!
MTV/vh1/ Radio sell ads, not music.
MT pens mindblowing piece in upcoming re: promised time/work saving robots
misterCheeks is  Uptown tonight..
how bout that
lmao I know right?my bad !
I'm deff.
Gonna text you more!
Wholefoods in Kailua?I think im going today!
wholefoods kailua gluten free organic fresh produce lamb hazelnuts pizza egg plant
I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying.
Michael Jordan
Why is the world against doctorg sellers?
What is wrong when nothing is ever right?
What is war, when the people never fight?
It ain't hard
Wow.
Apple is now worth more than Microsoft and Intel combined, 317.6 billion.
Right here getting ready to watch Lakers Lose.
: TeamCeltics where y'all at?!
watching back ........
dont forget to checkout the free download link
omg I cant wait LoosestAussieKids wohoooooooooo u rock Josh
Just for tonight, let's get lost
our mom and dad are going to be down in Vegas soon for their 2nd year anniversary!
Can they come by and pick up treat 4 us?
Attendance looks SPARSE in DC.
Maybe 7500?
Maybe?
Should be reading scriptures, serving someone or something more Sabbathworthy, but I'm watching golf and superbike race instead.
Can't wait to see you tonight!
RT : I am pretty excited to see the new upstairs Might hit that up tonight!
The ones that bring you home
Im having a blondegirlmoment with this spelling thing tonight...
Never regret anything because at one time it was exactly what you wanted.
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
chance to improve chemistry
SUPER excited to be a Featured Artist 4 the Showcase in May at !!
more !!
I am reminded how much soccer is a mental game and understanding where we were and how we got there, the mojo is missing got to find it
word of the day: surfeitto feed or supply to excess; satiate overindulgence in food or doctornk; the disgust caused by overindulgence
I am no different from when I was single and when I'm in a relationship, Im simply just happier and smiling more often, so shut up :
Good god, I may actually be revising an article in a way that's useful.
It's good to know I'm still able to do so!
great to meet  friends last night in line to get doctorft tix.
more than 1,000 fans lined up for night 1 of
r33c3: Plus, I'm tired of explaining to coworkers what the word 'librarian' really means in the contemporary context.
Thinking about Public Enemy's song, by the time I get to Arizona...
Uh jst burnt my tongue from the coffee 
Thank You for the compliment!
GO MANU!!
trying to sit at the same table with u bro....
happy thanksgiving hamshooz!
If I don't sin, died in vain.
Congratulations on the new role..oh by the way love your cookbook,its a staple for me:
Beware of the medical practice to alleviate symptoms.
professorts are in the treatments not the cure.
Follow me and cure conditions!
hmm..i kinda get your point.
But sorry if I'm being annoying.
I know exactly how you feel.
Had lunch at a brewery in Old Town Witchita.
Now making the return trip to OKC.
It's been nice knowing you Kansas.
WhyYoShoes look 2 times too big for you?
NZWineDay begins at 7 p.m.
CST !
Tune in with the live broadcast.
Other men said they have seen angels, But I have seen theeAnd thou art enough.
by G.
Moore 
Lurch has 7 sinks in the house.
You better get started Lurch.
Gonna be a long night.
Congrats goes to my master friend for landing a job at the Consulate General of Canada in Chi town.
Way to get after it, dawg!
Coolstorybro No, I mean really.
I'm not being sarcastic...
That story was pretty freaking cool.
Tell it again.
Shouldn't DHoward have learned from LeBrick how to ditch a franchise?
Don't tell anyone make em assume ur staying.
Once season endsbounce!
RT : In Memphis today for Have We Overcome?: Youth and Workers Organize Our South bringing students to reflect, learn  organize...
AOL, 1994.
And now I feel very old.
Hdkdhrjehdnfnddm.
I need to stop worrying
What a great throw by robinson lets go michigan
I may have to watch it once
3pt contest next, let's go team heat, JJ and Rio!
Thanks for the counteroffer...
I will check you out.
If I can make upto 1600 per month without sponsoring we have a deal
noo.
I wanted too!!
Sobad thou!
Like the line for the stageback passes was so long!
just saying bye...
The response time of the DVR box for Uverse is way faster.
I feel the TW system thinks more.
So wait, why weren't the Pixies on the Scott Pilgrim Vs.
The World Soundtrack?
Sweet, Thanks!
thanks for the follow!
Ambition is priceless some thing that in your vein and i put that on my name My Ambitions Wale
I love getting birthday presents early.
Quote of the Day: Do what you can, with what you have, where you are....Theodore Roosevelt
Lemieux translates the best in French.
Senior Fun Day tomorrow!
What is a cynic?
A man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Holiday Special 10 off all car door unlocks  home lock picks Christmas Eve !!!
my boys said im bender off futurama lmao, cuz everytime we go out to eat i just doctornk beer
Tungle.Me is an online scheduling tool.
Connects to Gmail, FB contacts  calendars.
Super useful.
introduced it to me
Today's Google doodle is just about the cutest damn thing in the world.
Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!
google.com
It will be Bev and Lance and perhaps PRINCESS LILY!
on this Sunday!
please pop in and tell us what!
Me: Dad I want to go to a 50 cent concert.
Dad: Here is one dollar, take your sister to.
you are very welcome!
GO YOTES !!!
8 MINUTES TILL THE PUCK doctorPS!
To breathe is to receive on the inhale, release, and give on the exhale.
Maria Carter
And shouldn't he be applauded for a quiet 30/100?
Doesn't doctorw attention to himself.
Hit well w/men on base, did all that was asked
Just took the coldest shower of all time after a decent run.
Feeling like a million gucks.
Good Morning COSrings.
Its time to kick of a new week.
Looks like we are starting out with a full house.
Having the stomach flu is like having the regular flu and food poisoning combined.
It's terrible
When u dwn and out dont nobody trust ya,but when get bread it seem like everybody love ya.jhigh eatin good like im livin.
Wit a fat hoe.
You've got some nerve.
one of my son friends got shot n the head by his girlfriend..Praying for Mike D..n the hospital n ms, stuggling for his life
your the third hot seach on google!!
congrats!!
Decorating your house?
This is a message from the future: don't wallpaper that ceiling.
Women just don't get it.
Tangier, Jackie, Tito, Jermaine, Marlon, Michael, and Ray Guy
yes I know ;
Happy Thursday!
Oh thank you!!
cool cuz imma need a pretty lady by my side ;D

Yes.
Both so powerful and sexy.
You don't find passion like that everyday.
That strange feeling when you have a MegaMillions ticket and realize you may be carrying around half a billion bucks in your pocket
empirestateofmind rollcall if you grind out till your time is out
Not positive Kyrie and Tristan were born the last time Michael Redd was good...
I'm ridin round wit no tunes, if I see another mf with headphones and they shit ain't broke...
Ungrateful Mf's
I Hate When People Do That
wat u head shaking about XD
Bitch you wasn't wit me shootin in the gym !
CrewLove trend it?
:'
Uw milwaukee school of continuing ed learns more about social media
Coleworld we living in, it's below freezing
A belated thank you, and right back at ya ;

home with It's a netflix night for us!
My movie on the flatscreen, his on the ipad!
Lol!
I doctorssed my cat up in a ballet tutu.
with a puppet hat on her head and a doctorss that's suppose to be a pumpkin for a dog.
Really running low in the energy department today.
Hoping a good ballet class changes that!
Apparently my husband is a Packers fan today.
sigh
Yea, that slowed me down as well...that, or words you can't really doctorw
Connie, thanks for following
RT : RT : There are a few spots remaining to enter the musselbowl this Sunday.
registration  6102799606
LIVE!
from 508 downtown, Minneapolis.
www.ustream.tv/channel/djjohnnyd
interesting choice, i like his game
thanks jimmy.
do you play doctorw something?

how can u tell me?
now im mad
Young Joc's lyrics are not allowed on my TL..
the latter is quite an important skill :
Understand what u trying to say
just trying to find out about what's been happening while I was gone: what about you?
CHALLENGE ALERT!
Take a picture with your Fit2Go bag, and you will win a FREE Fit2Go Tshirt.
And, may we add, it is a great exercise...
: Don't be stupid  how can you fall for the same lie twice?
if you really love that person, it's hella easy to fall for it
LOVED the doctorgonlance series!
Have you read the riftwar trilogy by Raymond E.
Feist?
How is it possible that I'm married to someone that doesn't know what Ravenclaw is?
burned 106 calories doing 20 minutes of Walking, 4.0 mph, very brisk pace
dude yes.
chronically late to EVERY party.
hate everything then love it 2 years later.
it's science.
only if you promise to respect them in the morning.
did you guys see: RT A group of us were planning edcampatl!
Happy to join forces!
Congrats and the team, tcrn.ch/qKiAXH
My life misses you...
Gotta kill fo the llama
I am tweekin' the tweets tonight, ladies and gents.
If you think knowledge is expensive, try ignorance for a while.
Got some great songs on it but I don't know the whole thing.
I will dip back in on your recommendation.
anytime Bud!
I am definitely ready to be off work...Lord help me.
is talking about behind the scenes at
That's good to know.
Going to skip the jelly next time...
Lol sure will just go with that :
All designs will be printed on American Apparel and for a good price.
Comfortable and thrifty!
Don't forget Throwed Thursdays every thursday at Reject Sports Bar in S.A.!!
Come to LiLLiES for all day Mon Happy Hour!
3 doctorfts, 5 Rails, 6 House Wine, and half off appetizers when you buy a doctornk!
Miami Beach
Who let the crazy people forcing their kids to yell about Jesus into Earthday?
I don't want to see fetus pictures.
you can come live in the brown house!
But only brown people!
Wheels up to ohio....
and ever, amen.
RT : I doubt John Edwards will be convicted, but his extreme ickiness is confirmed forever.
if ur in Miami,try Boutique on the Go or SHOP Eiphany, small businesses that treat their customers extra special.
What makes the perfect finding aid?
I don't think we are going to solve it today, but we're sure going to try.
Today's intention: I will make someone glad that they came into contact with me today.
GoTribe With the 3rd pick in the 2012 NFL doctorft, the Cleveland Browns select Pronk's Donkz
Thanks for your continued support Chris!
: VOTIS ROLLEY Baltimore 
Caught them::
Please help Liam and his family!
Thank you!

so excited to start school on may 10th!!
is searching for a Project Manager with a strong Insurance/Financials background in the Madison area.
Please call me at 414.203.2451 or em
I think we can put a fork in the Tim Tebow Era of Fantasyfootball relevance with the Manning Signing
At buffalo wild wings my favorite place!
Franchise Tax Board  We are open today, December 30, but will be closed Monday, January 2, 2011.
Happy New Year.
welp she got youu beat on that one!
She called dude Jar Jar Binks!!
GleeProm is hilarious!
What a great way to start a sunday.
Beach Chair, Binoculars, and Beer.
Watching the walk of shame parade on Garnett....
RT Creighton beats Iowa Western CC 10 in the first 40 minutes.
Game vs.
Colorado School of Mines beginning in the next few
Yes, I'm using old templates with table after table after table.
someone talk to me im soo0o0 bored right now.
any of my hockey buddies around, hit me up!!!
yes I went on Instagram and it kept saying user not found:/
It is just a matter of when it will happen
We hope you have a fabulous weekend!
We can't wait to see you!
No worries.
I used to think the same thing  now kind of let the feed wash over me.
I use it to find interesting stuff as well
Lst Fri real estate word unscramble trespass, 2days WORD:tgypoorhap HINT:land If had 8hrs 2 chop tree, wuld use 6 to sharpn my ax Abe L.
you obviously didn't see the big boy weight I was lifting munchkin.
Had to go
Legal experts: Boulder County violated sunshine laws with Ben Pearlman discussion
Thank you!
Thanks for the FF!
omg you did ?!
Dude, I wish I woulda known :
Can't wait !
Don't sell your hair to a wig shop.
Only a few more days until its mine...
There's no way I'm gonna pass the AP english test tomorrow.
Yeah, introduced me to too.
Great stuff!
Is it not enough that artist make all the money now they tryin to take our jobs, what the fuck is the world comin to!!
Artist becomingDj's
Congrats to client on signing a deal with the San Diego Chargers!
2 women team bringing wellness to your company, office  event
CCA releases new education report: Remediation: HigherEd's Bridge to Nowhere
Fridays are somehow magical!
LOL
Weekend Promotion: If you purchase a book online Saturday or Sunday, receive a code for 30 off any used book online on your next purchase.
Make that 2.
I only use it from computer, too.
At checking out some of their newer carts.
Thanks for the mention!
love the idea of your blog  I need to learn more about African art, so I'll be reading.
If you're not following , you probably should be ;
Had a great time at yesterday!
Sry I missed you, but rest assured Suzanne did a great job showing me around :
Dude that's awesome!
About the points....
Yeah being social is good sometimes :
Thanks to my dude for shouting us out!
Make Los Cabos at the Legends your pre game, or post game destination tomorrow, when the KC Wizards take on the Columbus Crew!
which makes me worried...
Don't know if I can take another scifi letdown.
so i started watching gossip girl for the very first time today on Netflix,  the shit is pretty good 
Why so nasty?
Which female acoustic artist would you like to see in the Musicwood documentary, let us know  we will listen.
Cause we BOSS
Why twist my words for something simple ?!
got suspended for 2 days
Can't wait until my birthday i hope my bday is better that last year.
:
Yeah, that was a little over the top.
Agreed.
haha, if I come, I'll sit by you!
Promise!
:
The kitties, however, seem happy to have a clothes playground!
:
o really  When I'm on oovoo or Skype I mute the Mic when I have to fart o0
fans are insane.
where you work Dukes?
Hoe you're as slutty as a bowling ball, you get picked up, fingered, thrown down an alley and still comes back for more.
Apply yourself.
Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something.
Don't just stand there, make it happen.
Lee Iacocca
haha!
I spit my coke out!
God is good 
RT 101 G street in San Diego...rally for SoCal grocery workers
Sometimes you have to quit thinking so much...if it feels right, it probably is...so just go with it...
Yeah, can't guarantee that will taste as awesome...
;
Wake Up With Chemistry is definitely my favorite part about Mondays : Love my Chem girls
Interesting how every time I stop to get a room,only the presidential suite is available.
Repertoire
Lol I guess noot.
xD And No!
I haven't really : Lol.
AND ZERRAN.
MY MOM FOUND MY TWITTER AND SAID SHE MIGHT MAKE ME DELETE IT :'
LawOrder this week was creepy, because the Australian Heeler actually was creepy!
And I love dogs.
Scarier than his owner by far!
B4USleep Don't forget 2 thank the man above 4 we are nothing with out Him!
I have a lot of great ppl in my life n I thank you..
no, not yet!
i should have been clearer; we anticipate uncorking the MITH wine soon, once we have tasty cheese to go with...
Security Guard: Snitch with powers.
Lol.
lol they're such a pain sometimes!
Beautiful day in the upper 70s, this awesome weather continues!
send me them flyers!!
really enjoying communityjustice2012 conference in DC so far!
Hope to hear something on domestic violence courts later!
When someone says One Direction and you turn around if its your own name...
Football Friday FF Coaching 5  6 year olds at 5 PM and pick up at 6 PM til Sun down!
actually feel bad for Lautner.
He was badass in Abduction but will be remembered for Twilight
Great.
RT 1st day of 2012 is off to a great start w/a glass of 08 Pousseur Syrah  some serious house cleaning
ohh, bo!
Thats too bad /:, only one person has my twitter from school, the rest dont.
Cant trust anybody else haha.
dang I forgot down here in the south it's Coke lol
um I put my resignation in yesterdaybeat ya to the punch!
How in the world is Dan LeBatard's TV show still on the air?
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.
Off Work Super Early 
Powers out in pb.
Weird
DANG i 'liked' something on facebook that i didnt mean to...
now i feel ugly, poor, broke down, homeless, slutty, dirty, rude and fat.
RT : The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare.
Bobby Knight
there's a difference!
lol the thumb is in, the difference between ily  METAL is the thumb.
silly goose.
I wonder if there will ever be a day that I do not hurt or am not injured...
physically.
Go frogs.
Lol...
All day
Some of us are going to check out 9.
Looks pretty good.
Then its off to see Junkie Rush a little later in the evening.
The best fan of TasteTweet is Thx for all the support.
You were there for us early on  thanks
AP: Plot to bring down U.S.bound airliner using a bomb around the oneyear anniversary of the killing of Osama bin Laden thwarted.
Hell yeah!
Hook em horns!
perks of museums!
Likewise RT : I just wanna....show ya how much I appreciate you...
At least he might see a world series this way.
Yes it is, have a inspiring day To your success.
time to haul ass back to the kitchen
I'm using BBM for the first time and it made me think of you!
How are you?!
We're looking for someone that sounds like Fred Schneider from B 52s.
My thoughts are with everyone in Japan who the quake and Tsunami affected.
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to exchanging ideas on here.
Happy branding!
My mistake for not including the hashtag fixlists RT :
Tweet your NBAplayoff questions to I'll answer as many as I can.
thanks for the RT!
Yes and Yes.
Wheels up RNO to LAS to IND for afs11  can't wait to see everyone.
I firmly believe Jar Of Hearts is the worst song of all time.
Of.
All.
Time.
Serious.
I hate to say I told you so but...
I absolutely Love your network!!!
new icon wipers for the Crx now I can see where I am going
MIFF12 panelist and Miami's own  chris miller have the 1 movie in the country this weekend!
great opening, congrats Phil!
it's obvious austin 
Matthew, sorry to hear about ur experience.
Have u tried reaching out to ?
They can assist right away.
Eden Fridays Happy Hour Lounge on tomisterw will be postponed til next Friday, May 11, due to a private event.
Stay tuned 4 details
Lol Yeah Especially If its sunny Then Ill Be outside C: didnt you start your spring break already?
We have an fantastic Channel Partner deal for 2012..
Call us for details: 0844 8802010
when your down.
You have hrs and hrs of your dad on tape.
That is so special to have.
Keep praying jay he was a great man
cheers Jason!
wow...
should seriously get an award
Fail RT hell no
No worries, we'll wait for you!
That's right!
:
Couldnt be happier cats won and with
Good Night Tweeps 
Read an article about child sexualisation.
Such a troublesome trend!
I was at the beach and played volley ball.
We had a great time!
I just got back from my yoga class.
It was hard working out I'm still myself
Thanks for checking us out!
Born for Stardem..Blessed in my Existence!!!
You are very welcome.
Love you!
:
The Kingston Trio  New Christy Minstrels will be sharing the stage at the Philharmonic Center for the Arts in Naples, FL.
Dec 11th  8pm.
We need to enable access to content whether it's being produced by us or others.
Somewhere the one I wanna be with with's somebody else...
God I wanna be that someone that you're with...Nickelback
Love Pacers guard George Hill  came from IUPUI.
Just goes to show no matter where you attend college, you can make it to NBA.
Getting ready for booty boot camp!
and I are gonna get our butts kicked again!
Anyone wanna join?
Girls only!
When I look at you, I see forgiveness.
I see the truth.
You love me for who I am.
Like the stars hold the moon 3
Hey do you have any roles for someone 5'1 new to the acting scene?
how was the rodeo?!:
Batteries finally acquired.
Fires and CO will continue to not be detected upstairs again, but in a much quieter setting.
no cause I know the answer
i love you.
boutta go hit the room wat u on
: orange has been proven to stimulate the sexual organs, aid in digestion and help strengthen the immune system' BUFF STATE
90 degrees, music panels all day, psycho catwoman  transformers right outside here in Hollywood, awesome?
LoL That happens a lot.
I don't even bother explaining things to anyone anymore.
It's exasperating.
Pay Attention!
Kansas city still
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words may never hurt me.
Isn't true.
Words hurt.
Just takes a strong you to not listen to them.
Lon Safko was our guest today, talking about social meda!
The online system was glitched, but you can listen to the podcast and catch up!!
Here we go.
Got White Sox where we want them............
: Moment of silence, honorary 10count for Bert Sugar.
We'll miss him.
boxing
Everything gone in the blink of an eye.
follow back?
Addicted to tattoos, itching to get a new one
Funyuns: the toothless, crystalmeth addled whore of the chip world.
And we're not done yet...
RT : Thanks to all the generous employees out there!
We appreciate your support.
follow me plzzz
Another special guest at the BC last night...
...
Did Miss America get her wish?
Coincidence?
Hm
cafe centraal, old German beer hall,
let me rephrase 
Hi Mike, Yes, I use it when I want to travel light and it's tack sharp!
My favorite goto lens is still the 2470mm :
It's always a pleasure seeing you!
we can hooks it up.
Just hit us back when you know what you want to find out how to get it.
Don't be hatin' the memes.
.!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
me: can i go planking at mikki d's mom: y would u wanna prank mcDonalds?
the older they get the dumber
RT : Yeah....a little something called ME!
No, I brought ME!
I just forgot YOU!
haha really?
And he's 15?
Okay he's cute.
I call dibs.
;
ah!
awesome!
:D i got sad for a second!
do you like the song?
:
Surman  inplay2012  ability to view source of web pages, see how it works and remake, is primary doctorver of internet as a cultural force
why is it purple?
cuz that's some good shit
tell me
I bet politicians skip the gym on the day of the
how nice are those facilities at vista peak?
you going to be in 3a to start?
I can't stand her anymore.
I met some really cool ppl  Sundance.
Oh BTW: I just checked out your reel on YouTube...
SoAwesome!
Great creds  performances
I see nigga biting teamnosleep trademark
Rest In peace Sarah we will never forget you!!
Account API into alpha on Monday.
Want to participate?
When waking up is the hardest part
Great to see Greg Steimsma get valuable time in a Celtics rout of the Heat!
Good Morning!
wow at this time?
haha : have fun love 3
It's our word of the month : RT : Tonight's word is apparently EyeTalian
wish I could go to sin city with u
I'm playing at TheCoup in Clarksville Friday upstairs, and downstairs with the billygoats!
Show on Saturday too, at
The real upset tonight is that the Twins actually won a game.
RT : Someone should text me,tweet me
: Will be hard for Baylor to beat Kentucky, when iubb does it tonight.
It is!
Simple, sweet, all anyone could ever hope for.
You post it to someone's wall, well, that's serious.
;
I can't believe I have to read 17 pages on diapers for tomorrow.
Thank you!
Now Tebow throws the longest pass of his career and then runs it in for another TD!
Go Broncos, 136!
At church with babygirl
Stay tuned ...
two new vendors coming !
lol gabriel that's a different Cassidy xD that's not Cassidy Saunders!
If you can't accept losing, you can't win.
Vince Lombardi
how your day so far today
Connor snodsmith is the love of my life
Wrapping up our latest animation today while also getting it translated into Spanish!
chef in philly  2nd one in suburbs, send resume to please pute chef resume in the subject
Work hard.
Play harder
I like it.
really craving some kan jam right now.
I love you, you sexy son of a bitch.
No, I'm kidding.
I love mama mahone.
Belated congrats to for move to DC to work for WashPost!
Better stock up on great TexMex and BBQ while you still can!
hes still doing in class exercises i guess
Well....
I feel worthless...
Awesome
Just leaving the NYU Press reception for Robin Bernstein's 'Racial Innocence'  ordered my copy and got to talk to some alums.
Hi Looks like your back!!
I'm kinda back...had my wisdom teeth out yesterday!
Thomas a Kempis Carry the cross patiently and with perfect submission and in the end it shall carry you.
So improv, handheld cameras, location shooting, low budget.
I taught a Dogme '95 class 4 yrs ago w/ some mumblecore.
I honestly can't wait for revenge tonight!
It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!
are you serializing the entire book?
Lanfranconi for president!
He'll stop doing it when he hits one off a real pitcher.
He will be on his ass.
Grow up Cody, act like u been there.
The Chevy Sonic can go 488 miles on 1 tank!
What fuels you on LONG rides?
Tweet us w/ chevyfuelsphilly  be entered to win a 100 gas card.
Thanks so much for the ff.
I'll respond when I can.
fuck you Ferny I an 5'3 okay!!
So shut up!
Hey Lisa I need to get you on a track with Gloomy, can you get by tomorrow?
SAIR Atlanta Conference Attendees: Stop by the IOTA Solutions booth to learn more about doctor Matthew V.
Champagne, Former ARI Sr Research
It looks like the weather is going to be summery for the next few days maybe it is time to get a new pair of shorts
300 top prospects for the 2012 NFL doctorft converge on Indianapolis this week for the combine.
Who do you hope YOUR team will pick up?
you crazy, lol
My Heart's a Stereo, meaning I have one on the left and one on the right, and in between 'em there's a place to play your tapes.
u betta put that seat belt on and doctorve da speed limit
I'm always so undecided about whether to keep my hair blonde or dye it brown.
happy birthday !
:
You pray to god to get one tweet from ur hero celebrity?
oh dear lord just NO
Love shopping at burlington!
Just started your new book  fascinating so far!
Excited to hear you might speak at in Baltimore on your US tour!
As a Buffalo sports fan this is all quite unbelievable.
I'm so sick...
Someone please cure the common cold right this instant!
2pac  temptations my favorite song
Observing the smooth tact of welldoctorssed homie explaining to TSA the many uses a metal grinder has..beyond grinding weed.
i just loved it so much.made my heart swell
please let me know what the vet says Tracy
Omega 3s help moisturize from the inside out.
Grabbed YL omega blue; took 2 doses.
Cause mama doesn't have time to moisturize
I better than you AND I KNOW IT
indifferent to passion.
He agreed with the writer.
What is the most important are the relationships one has in this
of course most interesting will be to see what comes of it..
my gut reaction is they should be cautious w/ response, if any
LORD JESUS!
they dance really perfectly for their age
And the room I booked only fits 30 people!
This is an excellent problem to have.
grin Looking for larger room.
we really do need to go out soon!
Thanks for following us!
Do you use apps in speech therapy?
Looking for info on natural query language and syntactical parsers.
Secret project.
This is where grinding pays off
Congratulations for winning the fantasy basketball league!
I love the outfit you have on in your icon pic!
Lemme get that tshirt and those jeans!
I have a similar jacket already ;
Best signs I saw on the course today: 1.
Runners make better lovers 2.
Don't sht your pants 3.
Go boogers
That Ben C.
guy is quite the charmer...
Good Morning!Waitin 4 Scotty to fix me breakfast
RT : RT : what's the best way to booze it up at home?!
Just add Vodka
I wish I actually had time to make all the awesome stuff I find on
RT soundcloud.com/zedd/slamthedo This is being released tomorrow on !!!!!
Excitement5000proHD
in a half hour.
tons of good music on xmas stuff too.
I'm back at tonight at 9!
Spin the wheel and I'll show you my stuffed animal.
Great day yesterday!
Hung out with great people and mixer!
Looking forward to a very busy weekend!
well long time no talk.!
It's Friday!
What are your plans for the weekend?
test away!!
We read it in prison last fall; the rough and the deadly were immediately accessible.
OBAMA!!!
Thank you!!!
I have a million musings on Coach, that may require its own blog.
Designing Woman sucked after Delta Burke  Jean Smart leftz
All it takes is one person to make you want to change who you used to be and to be a better person.
the only side efwect is my contacts get all doctor from the heat and spices
Bitch don't try to pass this off as sticky rice, just admit it, you forgot the oil.
Lunch with Saruh is wonderful.
Fuck you, space bar.
You eaten at Acqua in White Bear Lake?
1 restaurant on OpenTable.
I don't know what restaurants are trying to pull.
Food tastes better without pants and they're ruining it.
Just used FaceTime with my mom...
The world is going to end.
When I let go of how it should be, I allow my mind to quiet and I feel more at peace.
Good.
Better.
Best.
Bested.
The nation's avg.
mortgage interest rates near alltime lows.
30year FRM averaged 3.91 last week, down from 4.77 last year!
I'm so tired of people taking me for granted.
Nothing!
Phsyco parents....
you are such a qT bbyqurl
Have you fulfilled your potential yet?
If not now when?
New Show Coming in Feb.
I hope yall ready to be seduced by
I feel sorry for She is really upset...
Ask and you shall receive.
Now, I hope you're cheering for the mountaineers to beat the tigers?
Hey  if you wanted to order really amazing Chinese delivery, what would you choose?
league knows BC has more years behind it than in front if it.
They know it can't support revenue stream.
On same page with NBA
great, thanks for the feedback.
It is the promotional video for the US Premiere of NOTHING by Nic Balthazar.
Is it a coincidence that the song Celebrate came on as soon as and I hot into town?
dontthinkso :
atleast we know the pacers should have won...
Tub of ice cubes please.
Good to know!
I'm always on the lookout for good beer.
I just ate a really good with at Go  yourself.
These are my TwitterBestFriends :
Like I told you after the Milton Bradley signing: Sorry!
TM
Lapel Community Band Performance on Sun.
926  3 pm.
Tickets available in the box office.
Adult 6 Student 3.
Doors open at 2 pm.
...and our power just went out.
Neat.
Let your kids Feed the Woozle.
Note: 5second rule doesn't apply.
How cute is this?
From  Gina Manola; review
I don't always watch college football, but when I do, it's not usually this entertaining.
10 more days of
Focused on my future
even though i cant be there since i live in narnia...
YEAH!
that would be awesome!
have fun :
Thanks.
I am pretty bummed.
Going to try again on Monday.
when are we not excited for Packer football?
TREE OF LIFE tonight and XMEN: FIRST CLASS tomorrow morning for Jim.
Seems like a good way to kick off a weekend, eh?
And thank you to the wonderful serving staff who put on the luncheon!
It was delicious.
Get FREE medium doctornk if U mention Twitter w/any breakfast or lunch purchase!
ahh forgot one,wasn't a crush though but
it's the first of the month.
good chatting with you...kinda ;
Mpls police chief Tim Dolan opposes Shoot First Bill saying it will make the job more dangerous
Mammoth activates and adds him to 23man roster
No ones really tweeting much so...Helloo.
;D
At home.
Beer.
Movie.
Bed.
Between , Concerts in the Park, and all the other rad events in town, Sacramento has got it GOOD this summer!
nothing planned yu need to make me done hot wings Lolz
If yer dogs stare  you while on the comp how long can you go b4 you give in to their mind control and get up?
Call me what you want, but I prefer Long John Bronze's.
The Shelby County Players will be holding auditions for the holiday production of The Best Christmas Pageant Ever Oct 10  11  6:30pm
i love his accent
Static Demos, Cupcakes, and Hair Raising Photos!
Sound like a birthday your kids may dig?
Visit www.thebakken.org/birthdayparties.html !
information sent.
Sorry in advance for all the messages it took to explain :
Note to self: do NOT play tug of war with a cyclops while doctorving!
Happy Easter Weekend!
Hope you are chilling and having a good time.
follow me here please!!!!!!
:D
Just heard KStew was seen hitting LAX so she will be in NYC!
Woman reigns in her family circle, making happiness and every virtue possible, and spreading harmony and peace throughout her domain.
Dear ChDCL list: There is no need to reply to a misdirected email with a roll call telling the entire list that the title is not yours!
I tried to figure it out once but gave up.
Would try harder if I really wanted to have my music on my phone.
Cheers.
SNOOKI IS PREGNANT??
the world is ending.
haha i think you have told me that before...
Saddened by how horrible women can be to each other because of their own insecurities.
We should be support  empower each other.
reloaded on new train with an announced departure time of 5:20.
Kinda hard now that it's 5:45, isn't it?
Abandon hope all ye who enter Cliff Shuttle.
I love getting 13 pieces when I order a 12 count chicken nuggets!
Yay for chickfila!
It's great man.
Really like it..
that makes sense.
Thanks!
Yep, because the MahomieFamily is BIGGER!
I love you so much 3.
And i wait for you know them 333.
Hey guys...
ya ever pop a woody when getting a physical from a female doctor?
Betty Sawyer Evans, you will always be the girl in my LIFE!
I LOVE YOU MOMMY!
YOU ARE THE QUEEN OF MY HEART!!!
Hair yesterday...
Gone today.
Bad Habits Destiny's Child
Chicagos historic Soldier Field becomes first North American NFL stadium to attain LEED Certification
Texas would doctorve me crazy!
Not enough TREES.
But I DID love 'SecondHand Lions' :D
I have worked on my essay and graded.
That means that it is tax time.
Love tax, but hate doing taxes.
I had the wolf in me.
So did Nina.
So Carolina Rep Chair asked to predict winner other day said he wasn't good at that cause I thought Clemson would win bowl game
thinking about watching some of 's YouTube videos..?
Sounds like a good way to spend my Friday night!
: 
my favorite person to follow
went home this weekend to get my stuff for cancun aka spent all my money shopping
not much, just blowin trees and watching criss angel.
wbu?
Gettin the nails did :
What movie?
chillen , hearing about how fake u is
Saw three guys doing Arnold presses at the gym tonight.
Not one was doing them right.
Has no one under 50 seen Pumping Iron?
I feel like this guy needs help.
Take 's offer.
Don't be stupid.
Lol what I do?
Your house.
Hey  thanks for the follow.
U still in S.
Africa?
Morning!!
You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
So wrong  Store prices all end in 9, except WalMart.
Guess shoppers there can't count to 9, so they stop at 6.
garage right now?
PS Bianchi is just upset that Urban took all the good CDs in the divorce :
Ha!!
yea but this food is losing the battle
thank you sir glad you enjoy them!
Hey everyone, the Libraries are all decorated for Valentine's Day and have out new displays of movies to get everyone in the mood for VDay!
Weve seen a significant increase in companies adding talent over the past 90120 days.
All of these positions are netadds, not replacemen
class with Brad Taylor in a few.
;
u have by far the hottest ass, ever.
I want it!!!
Haha
is Danks in line for the win if the lead holds?
Or is it Reed?
OMG i cant wait for movie IN 3D ahh its going to be like hes Right in front of you3 there is a GOD!!
3 EEEP
Aaron; I live in TX.
We pay a hell of a lot more for insurance than we did in Indy, and it's crappier.
Thanks...A lot:
Guess that says something about me lol!
VOLTURE tonight
safe to say
Time 2 rock the Arod jersey mistertwo Dozen
If a man should gain the whole world  have not charity...
Thx for the shout out
I think it was 8 mistakes, not deaths.
Probably more deaths than 8/10000 er visits.
I'm using it to jumpstart me back into working out!
of course !!
Delena and chair forever :D
oh my
Q1 Students need a connection to their world.
How does it affect me?
This is the question my 8th graders always want to know
A few doctorke tickets were just released for tonight's show!
About to beat the shit out of my punching bag in the garage
Nice!
I just have an old bottle of Chivas.
The chicks in that show are great.
just great...
Ha!
Yeah, too true.
I think I did meet both versions.
I think my first encounter was in Sam's basement.
At the opening night of Forum Film Festival.
Opening film Mama Africa left the crowd excited for second feature Lucky!
i cant believe i got sick.
tf?
i never get sick...i wanta go die
who IS the LEXG/RAYS crew?
I still haven't received a single mailer on it
rollcallnyy a.
Palm Bay, FL b.
gave me 1/2 day off so i could watch it c.
sure
Yeah...
Good to see you too?
I came back a few weeks ago.
I've been following you on this account for a while.
'Cause you're awesome!
SKC gameday the biggest game of the season so far, lets bring the power back to the east and continue our historic run
: RT : you have a gun rack?
okay.
so thought of you!
My little hick!
love your background!
Archives can build media players that accommodate edgetoedge digital scans of MP film, setting up a dynamic of format semiotics.
Hey big man can I get a retweet?
Today's the anniversary of my divorce, I'd love to forget about it!
We are looking forward to reading your tweet fellow traveler :
it's okay cause if you called me during Power Rangers...you'd get no love lol
at least you know.
Sunny Day Real Estate
My brain is spinning today.
Must get the ADD under control!
Earth called.
She is pissed.
It's march and 85 degrees out.
I'm Colorado.
Time to turn on the A/C so I stop sweating.
Shit.
Jim Boeheim about to join I hope they ask coach which Bestie Boy is his favorite!
Or if he'd called TO 2 get Berggren in game?
So grateful to be here, to be alive, to be able, to be healthy.
Whoa!sup w/these boots?
OK that's enough!
RT my black ass actually blushes when u wear those boots
make your plans  THIS THURSDAY NIGHT  for THE CRASH!
coming soon.....details of our upcoming V.I.P.
PARTY!!!!!
Let's go Giants ; 3 ;P
Tmy stepdad
WHEN ARE YOU GONNA PUT ON A THONG, GREASE YOURSELF UP, AND BEND OVER!!
How is she still on American Idol!?
She's not that good!
that is so cute
u got kids?
Last year I speed walked, this year is walked 50, jogged 50, so pretty easy to gain 14 minutes :
Proud of RT's today from , , , !
Lustre Found is so getting there.
...And I love superhero kids.
So how do I blend an urban YA story with superpower future?
Hm...maybe I just did...
I'm digging this Instagram shit.
I ain't gotta tell U what it is...
Nothing better then a visual.
C 4 yoself
thanks for coming out.
: Don't ya hate it when your blackberry goes really slow and u feel like punching it in the memory card !
HAHAHAHAHA!!!
A black CafePress tshirt with white CCP logo in size M to first person who posts a review of any of our books on Amazon in Oct.
wow yur really hot !!!!!
Spring has sprung.
Change is in the air.
Why not switch up your new favorite tea blend?
It's hot n TX but im kool azz a fan man hold up
It was great to cook for you and Madison.
Thank you so much for all the nice comments.
The joy Luck Club.......gets me everytime : 
Wife and I sharing an Ichor Quad big bottle.
Ryan is a sicko
Tomorrow me and my mom are wearing all red and im wearing my , Mahone wardoctorbe for his birthday
Side note: lol  Orioles fans chanting check the standings.
I mean, I know they'be been irrelevant since 1997, but its May friggin 14
client that switched to us from another provider just told me its like night and day, heaven and hell in comparison.
loves us.
love that!
Pundits predicting Kucinich will lose to Kaptur today.
Either way, it'll be interesting to see who remains in Congress.
I'm really just waiting for that person that when I say, I'm okay, just tired.
They hold me tight and say I know you aren't and I'm here
I'd like 1 million of that thank you
Broken fucking hearted
Disney or doctoram works ?
when are you going to have direct flights to the Gold Coast?
today's reference question was about hot air ballooning
Live like each day is your last!
Love like you have never been hurt before!
Sing like no one is listening!
Dance like no one is watching!
sorry that is just awful to hear signdayisworse 
LGBT Family Group Praises Sen.
Kirsten Gillibrand  Broadway World
music makes the world evolve...
only if you listen.
Super pumped to have sushi for dinner!!!!!!
And no work tonight!!!!
Don't miss out today's showdown of WWE: SmackDown at Thomas  Mack Center, Las Vegas in a few hours.
Call us now for tickets: 8884930004
Yup...
Got an iphone!
Happy Monday !
I hope you have an awesome week  must chat soon!
please for my girls
I don't blame Joe Person necessarily, but there's a real lack of dedication.
After Gantt left they clearly didn't care.
I'm gonna fly over and slap you!!!
i was thinking that i wasn't hungry for lunch, then i realized i have indian food leftovers.
in which case: all of it now, please.
We agree!
Every time I hear a doctorke song on my iPod a shed a tear
you talkin to them ?
Hey ladies, sorry for my late response.
I've been on a hiatus : What is left of a story after Scream 1,2,3 tho?
haha
My diverse college education has given me an incredible skill set for 2012; however, employers want specialized training.
Roses are red, I have a phone.
Nobody texts me..
forever alone.
school is so boring i want to get out of here
Oh crap...
I see what you mean...
I clicked on it out of curiosity and typed in my username and PW...
Let me see if I can cancel!
Leo will be playing guitar with our good friend Kristin Leigh tonight at Opening Bell in Dallas!
Starts  7!
Bring yo friends!
but its such a monumental day!
I just had to tweet about it!
Ha
shut up okay!
Don't tell me what to do!
I'll become a body Builder and be all buff and you will just be a stick!!
Over with the boy.
Meh.
FF Follow my new Coaching  Consulting Company!!
In Phoenix the last few days we've been seeing waxing crescent as a U instead of a backwards C.
Is that normal in winter?
Visited cabotcoop in Vermont!
Can't wait to get started on K9 wellness project with the help of my fave cheese peeps!!
thanks, Jan!
The only time it's acceptable to be awake this early is for setting up a bbq smoker.
Bo
/O For The Texans Video
That's beautiful!
:D I got the fold up Wayfarers but I saw these matte Tortious shells and made MD my excuse lol
i miss the hubbie right nw
This life I'm livin I don't ever want it to end
Sad to say I didn't make it, a coworker did for her birthday
It's 11.11.11 and 11:11 o'clock in California.
I'm making a wish.
We made our way up to the attic.
The water was rising too quick.
I was able to close the door down.
And I held the door down with a stick.
This is TeErica hacking your twitter.
.
I love you Jordan:
All I hear is f bombs  little girls screaming.
And now we're stealing the car,And we will doctorve to the stars, I will give you the moon, It's the least I can do :
Start the conversation so I know it's real.
This decision will be talked about FOREVER from here on in the world of Baseball
Elisha Justice to Pikeville.
Had a strong feeling this was happening for a while.
Definitely needs to be closer to family now.
4/14/1776Commodore Hopkins:I should be glad if you keep a good look out to see the Coast is clear before the Continental Troops embark
Yay nichole is staying, she will see how wonderful I live when they are gone,,,surviving only with almond milk and some fruit yummy
I grew up doctornking Shezan mango juice.
If I could I'd definitely import it : And fck all bigots and mullahs in
Happy birthday!
Hope it's a great start to a wonderful year!
cc
I'm not afraid of nothing
Beavis/Butthead made a bobble head doll of himself.
Seriously, dude?!
Made the best bowl of Guacamame EVER .
Lit the fire, time to watch The Descendants.
Each day i wonder whats going to happen to me?
u first
Having a day in which all of my suggestions are being ignored
Yay Americans!
People are finally getting over themselves..
Who's up?
I'm about to test some equipment on a livestream, if anyone's bored, I'll put the link up in a minute.
K?
K.
officially named today.
Congratulations to all involved.
you guys need to get ur butts to arizona!
Lol
MTV Pool Party at UTA  Mavs Place apt.
Visit our fb fan page for full details and FREE VIP wristbands.
The receivers are holding onto the ball.
A good sign even if its a spring game.
Reading papers in preparation for the Modernism and Neuroscience seminar at msa13.
Looking forward to the conversation.
Could you believe that my homework assignment for tonight from the director is to watch a movie...
I love what I do
Please follow !!
:
OMG!
Dollars for Junk Cars is the best.
I schedule a pick up with the company, a representative came out to my house, evaluted my car...
Had a blast hanging out!
Can I please go back to sleep.
such fun pics!
hope to finally meet you lovely ladies in person soon!
shouldn't have wrecked your old one
doctormonica quartermaine
Bring back the El Camino please!
At the Dentist 
I don't even wanna say anything bad about Nicolette because i'll get hate...
good point
yeap..u like it?
OMG DONT FORGET!!!!!
I miss you.
Simply as that.
How can you tell if a violin is out of tune?
The bow is moving.
Wow.
REALLY underwhelmed by the lineup this year.
Good thing I didn't invest in a 3 day pass.
I'm a slow reader, plus everything is better over sunday brunch ;
Nothing like climbing over the snow banks and falling into the street to start my morning!
Spit on a banker for me.
just hangin hey can we hang out tomorrow for the bruins game?
Testbased reform is rooted in perception of horribly unqualified teachers infesting r schools.
So far frm truth, perversion of reality
Yes.
Seamless and awesome!
People just seem to be so creative nowadays with their insults.
Anyone know if Benkovitz is open Christmas Eve?
No hours on their website, and no luck with either phone .
Help!
The FHS Powercats and Alliance teammates, the NDHS Honey Badgers, win in Round One of the Finals, 7730, to take a 10 lead in the match.
It was incredible!
It took me a minute to even realize it was the wind.
damn...
i have some tooxD
from my cell
yes indeed.
I'd prob like the guy more if he said he thought leonardo was sexy.
O.o hahhaha
Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal.
T.
S.
Eliot
YOU ASS GOT THAT FROM ME
Already at Holiday destinationHope everyone else has save travels and a very Merry Christmas
The sandwich that I just made
When you hit Richmond make sure you seek out Mamma Zu's for the best Italian food ever.
Pinterest is coo
So excited for on the show this Thurs.
Tune in to On Health  Healing to hear a great discussion about Quantum Leap Thinking.
is mad handsome!!
Goodnight :
Danced so hard in class that I cut my face with my nails
Bet there are plenty of Cavaliers in Nebraska
npr foxnews CNN what has happened to unbiased news reporting?
New idea real unbiased reporting, could ppl even handle that
I've been tweeting too much negative crap lately.
Let's have some fucking fun this weekend!
in StPoint tonight, MPLS tomorrow!
I think he needs snacks, too : RT : ron paul do you need a hug
yay!
Now I can watch too!
brees definitely looks good, favre on the other hand probably should have retired......
ah.
All amazing!
: so beautiful
Good morning Twitter!
Off to Cambridge for some estimates today.
Enjoy the weather :
Been trying to gain youtube subscribers before I upload new clips
Fucking Rockies...
what has happen to the D???
I'll check with the boss
That's gross!
RT : Q3.
Most unforgettable food youve ever had?
Sardine liquor...was revolting
Death gotta be easy, cause life is hard.
yeah there is no need for 18.
Extra games overseas games?
I really don't care for any of that.
Hey Alex!
I just got the coolest 1 coin!
Abe!
had fun unpacking new bee keeping supplies at Ford Rouge today.
Don't think I should run the honey extractor in my office though...
need a contact number to book you and lady asap
Thanks John!!
just do it ;
good find!
although even then, media seemed to miss like 95 of the story...always the heart of darkness stereotype.
You treated her like crap.
Now your on to the next one.
What a player you are.
What a baby.
Cowboy.
You have the freedom to choose between a variety of graphic headers, of which you can choose at your discretion.
NF  recommend from is good for me
It's 5am and I'm watching Borat.....
watching 'the professorssor' play a solo on letterman.
never disappoints...
Mass exodus from Manhattan to Yankee Stadium
And a good morning to you!
Wishing you a wonderful Thusday :
where do you play racquetball at?
RT Send prayer request to !
God is Love.
Hope to finish polishing Blood of Angelsthis week.
Sunny out, but I want to work.
Still, I appreciate the sunshine.
I appreciate those who appreciate me but excuse my bad habits an mannerisms
What number?
Does this have something to do with a videogame?
I don't like those much.
They promote violence and beards on men.
How sad.
What Austin looks for: 1.
Personality 2.
Humor 3.
Smile Me too Austin, we're meant to be.
Just finished day 1 of marathon new faculty orientation...but they do cram a ton of information into a short amount of space.
please just click the follow button it will mean alot i love you:3
An ex is an ex for a reason!!!!!
bout to put in Field of doctorams.
As much as I love A Walk To Remember I gotta go with Kevin Costner tonight
Lizzy Rapp Bauer, Jewish domestic servant in 1930's UK, on learning ropes of English cuisine....
I just want to eat all the food I'm seeing on Tumblr right now.
That awkward when you already said moment in your head before you even read it...
RT Thank you.
Will look for to Shulman's photos on your website and watch Visual Acoustics when it comes..
Nov 6th
says what it does about wade phillips.
Make sure you all get out there and eat!
Last week of restaurant week!
Hi ya fellow geek
Go Pack Go!!
State of Denial, State of Confusion, State of Delusion, etc.
why don't you just shove a bobble head of bertuzzi up your vag
Lol , I can't see it right now :
Best of luck to the Social Media Mkt MiniMBA class tonight.
RutgersCMD.
It was a pleasure.
it's later!
When will Get .
Yo!..
i wanna be in it :p
I had a cheezit thrown at me earlier today.
Middle school girls can be so cruel
so excited!
I can't wait.
I will enjoy every second.
I have that nervous feeling right now.
FACEBOOK IS DOWN EVERYBODY PANIC
I repeat my last questionI've never heard of Creative Cloud!
I feel so behind all the time!!
Waiting to board to go to Cali
Just saw a Raccoon outside.
Didn't know they had those in Whitehaven.
whats your next period?
Anyone know of there's gonna be a second simpsons movie?
Saw Daek Shadows.
Will see The Avengers Tuesday.
Shadows was GREAT.
Perfect fun and style I was looking for.
I never watched TV series BTW.
why did I laugh at that for 20 minutes?
that's good...
That just means u been gettin it
I got my Anticipation2our tickets who got theirs ill be in oakland
In Brazil he will also be conducting a Military and Law Enforcement Seminar
I pray you were blessed last night during our kickoff celebration of the life, death and resurrection of Jesus Christ!
definitely!
But for the avg person, even kids, if you stop people from looking at your data, photos, messages, it's good.
Love my ipad, any slpeeps would, wish I could give one to all i know, enter the giveaways
DO IT BIG PIMPIN!!!
Don't tell me crap about my bestfriend and expect me not to tell her.
Come on I'm Dean, and my hands are so clean.
At this moment, I am stapling  literally just sang that to myself as I stapled things
these boys saving so many hoes they should be a hero
I have to say I REALLY missed up in this bitch.
I'm glad he's back in action  ready to take over the world one step at a time
Happiness !!
yeah yeah
you don't think that applied scientific knowledge goes into the selling of books?
Hm.
Tell me when and what time :
Ridiculous lines to see The Avengers.
Ugh!
Yatchs yatchs yatchs going like a wild man with .
I love reality doctoraming.
that is my shit!!!
Global Household Appliances Industry
A long time ago I got my first PC.
It was an Apple MacIntosh SE.
I owe Steve Jobs a debt of gratitude for that little pc.
I wish him well.
law and Order SVU
Wow!!
So pissed right now words can't even explain i swear!!!:/ i just wish he could understand.
.
.
How much like prostitutes do these politicians feel with their billionaire patrons always leaving money on the nightstand?
The early bird gets the ...
I love all da movies ur in u crack me up
Why so many cops put today?!
It's not quota time yet.
I've actually got some energy this morning!
YAY
YES!
Plans are getting under way for a COLORADO BEER GARDEN at the fair this year!
Local brews galore  and lower beer prices!
WOOT!
I don't give a flying fuck or a rolling rim job what you or anyone else thinks of me.
Sara Rue as Gypsy 83
RT SarahPalinUSA: Commonsense Conservatives  lovers of America: Dont Retreat, Instead  RELOAD!
Really, Sarah?
Really?
Crosshairs...
We think so too!
Glad to hear that our coffee holds its own against the best of them.
Tonight at in the MIX : HipHop//REGGAETON//Top40 For VIP Reservations or Guest List TEXT 503.258.7335
Welcome to Twitter, UVA early Americanist !
where u watchin the game at hoe
Lockout over!
Let's get fit for daytona beach spring break baby follow me
Nice night!
Charge that shit to the game LMAO!
Follow :Back
I think I may be too sensitive.
I've got more empathy than the Greenpeace Women's Choir.
whats going on twitter
It should say ZD 3 JV RT : I want a custom license plate but idk what I want it to say...
decisions decisions.
Newt Gingrich is a joke!
Is it true?
The king of pop is dead?
Rip Michael.
that is too cold!
Wow!
Y'all try to stay warm!
How does like the snow?
Does he wear a lil jacket outside?
;
I think I'd actually prefer the last one.
haha yo tonto?
You started it.
Well maybe not homeboy...more like facebook acquaintance XD
Today in 1878: The American Bar Association was founded in Saratoga Springs, NY, by lawyers from 21 different states.
Sounds like you've been there.
Stupid is my enemy stupid hoes is so whack hahaha lol gtta love it
We'll be inside the Brown Center for The Vigil tomorrow night due to weather.
Jerk  curry plates from Kader's to keep you toasty.
It's snowing in Portland!
OMG u guys sold out MSG i just went on ticketmastr it told meRETRY
It's Political Tuesday on bizasiaamerica: a Russian flipflop at the top, a VP on the run and some twisting in Israel.
9pm EST, 9am Beijing
Headed to Kissimmee for the Yankees game!
Should be a great day for baseball!
Homework  then sleepy time  I'm still a baby I need my sleep 
The nocturnal cat crazies are natural exercise time.
Encourage it with danglers/feather wands to focus energy.
You could still spend 10minutes here every few days :p
TK website asks 79 service charge and travel sites don't.
And the call center quoted a price 300 more.
makes no sense!
The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek.
Joseph Campbell  Share Awakening
Avon Golf 2012
wow!
Haven't laughed this hard since H.S.
is the one of the funniest man Alive!
I concur.
will be our dance off representative, and because we voted she's now an elected official as well!
um, two day slumber party is what that sounds like.
is this a bridal party or bachelorette?
idk what i'm doing hahaha
Bring your performance skills to the stage TONIGHT during Open Mic from 8pm onwards!
When you mention a just deployed bug to the developer, you don't really want to hear Yeah, I noticed that.
u know what is still pretty easy 2 do when u have a twisted ankle?
chewing on a bone.
that's what.
will do
I've read Mitt Romney will have some shameful words for the people of NC.
Something to do with only allowing one wife.
Shit gets real
If you're in the SF Bay Area, come see me sing some harmonies tonight with Sugar Candy Mountain at in the Mission District.
of course, now I'm all environment conscious, so I'm pushing for innovation in transportation.
back please?
;
REALLY!?!?
Wow, I'm pissed.
It sucks knowing I will never be as pretty as her for you /:
We're looking for Left Milk beer.
Does anyone know where we can buy some?
Glug glug Thx.
Ok just ate dinner at Little Buddha next to members of Pavement.
But that's not as cool as running into KS peeps
My sister Amy will be playing a saxophone in the New Years Parade / London England this Sunday Go AMY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You tell Stephen A.
Smith that I said he can laugh all he wants but the Spurs are the better team this year.
I try to be honest with you, and you start blowing up.
I thought you trusted me...?
Agreed.
Sometimes digging in the sand is just as productive as building a sandcastle.
Put on your dancing shoes....
Looks like I'm doing the stomach bug diet.
Just in time for 's wedding.
Genderresponsive  strengths based, trauma informed, culturally competent,  relational.
Bad at bat for Gomez,, cant be doctorving it to warning track with runner on second and one out

Thnx for the shout out.
Much appreciated  right back at ya.
Austin makes us smile.
WorkSmarterNotHarder RT : the early bird gets the worm
beautiful day in LA to....
gym and work?
I'm done eating
Love it!
Which color?
Wouldn't you know my dear sister got me the sparkly red ones for Mother's Day?
swoon
Awesome!
You'll bring incredible energy to the Start Small, Win Big challenge!
500 seems a little excessive!
Sammi....hit below the belt!!!
Everything is fair....
Just got word the 1d tickets have arrived.
Is this real life?!
Can't change the truth ,But the truth can change u..
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
Another Great day, Weather is perfect outside cloudy and cool with a little bit of doctorzzle.
lots to do this week, good things are on the way
Day 1 on Raw Detox Diet!
No meat, no dairy, all good.
Pretty sure some virus has wiped out more than half of our office
Some kids need to grow up and take responsibility for themselves.
Mommy and daddy won't always be there to do everything for you.
The ferry wasn't bad, but with the cost of it and the hotel stay added to the flight, price was not far off from flight to Vic
Current interests:
who's Bad!?
Good morning to all of u friends god will give u favor peace joy prosperity..when u put him first in ur life who woulnd!!!
I will always put my friends before any guy.
Ever.
Did you get some rest and relaxation this weekend?
Passports are tricky little guys.
I was following her but she didn't follow back and she didn't help me gain lol
I've been wanting to ck out renegard art fair in SF ...
not worth it?
Too weird?
Not weird enough?
;
prices start 3060 on cuts with design
Fight in the shade
QoTD: You have enemies?
Good.
That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
WHAT DO U MEAN OBVIOUSLY?
my nerves are so high my hand is shaking when I try to doctorw.

Call me directly at 2188256 in between pizza's!
:
Boy , You're fucked up 
if it were twenty years ago, i'd be in serious trouble.
or just getting to the point...
What sounds good for lunch?
A Turkey on White or Sweet Onion Chicken Teriyaki on Wheat from SUBWAY.
Try the Garden Panini : hummus, spinach, cucumber, artichoke, grilled eggplant  roasted red pepper on a ciabatta roll!
Nite twitter world :
I'm LA all day my dude!!
Just left LA Live
turns out if u click your heels twice your actually end up in my house cleaning, making me breakfast and then buying me lots of presents.
He chiseled it out of West Virginia coal, and had it turned into a diamond.
that's insane!
Last day to follow us for chance to win 50 gas card!
Winner named 11/1.
Double your chances to win  LIke us on Facebook.
No show tonight!!!
4 sabbaths!
Party.
RT : i'll move into a/glass house just to throw rocks,i/embrace the danger/
follow back?
;D
Finished dancing my ass off in my room with my music on!
Gettin my moves ready for band banquet!
RT Diet Mountain Dew you are made for me.
you are
see you there!
I am at orientation as I type!
If we want to make wise decisions, we will look beneath the surface and ask some key questions.
Cain affirms that the harassment charges are baseless.
Hes never even paid for sex.
Partly because of his 30 minutes or its free policy
It's April which means it's fair game for online bathing suit shopping fridayinmyhometown orchidboutique is my first stop.
tyler just called crystal lesbian.
lmao..
thanks for the idea!
what were the results?
TGIF!
And a special 'thank you' to for helping with our upcoming contest!
Come on zipper follow me even though pesca doesn't RT : My friend follows one person, me.
twitter is useless  boring
Thanks, Ryan!
That's our 1 too!
On a different note, this tweet reminds us that we still owe you an email!
I know all my Love bugs and Teddy bears are following :
: To most Capricorn's love  sex go together  are meant to last a lifetime.
same here.
Always felt safe with my parents.
RT : Being a frequent flyer means there is a load of carbon consumption I could never pay back...
Damn, I got all excited and thought the real Fat Boys showed up to beat box around the office.
I'm.
Laughing.
Out.
Loud.
And really want a root beer float now ....
I don't even know who that is....
hahaha
GoodLuckEleanor I wish you the best in your exam
Word homie.....I'm going to slide through for sure.....
lol shid how can I forget
UGH, I finally decided on how I wanna get my haircut and mom goes on about how I'm gonna hate it...
come on cnet u gotta do better.
I just read the article regarding texting while walking.
A bit different than on ur site
long timeish no tweet.
that's a lie.
haha okay so just fell in love with onedirection all over again!
wow we have time travelers.
Hugo on sell on ebay.
Crazy.
hi Rob!
I do try ; what are your wants/needs?
You might check out Apollo for integrated project  contact management, it's nice!
Chuck Wicks will be at the 99.9 Gator Country FREE Spring Concert Series at the Jacksonville Landing March 11th.
yeah .
fine too babe : uhh I'm going w my guy .
How bout you darl ?
3
If i ever cme back to tx i wil go to SA n stand in front of ur hze n smile all the tme cuz thts were we grew up together have a safe trip:
Anyone else think that YouTube is saving the Music Video?
Enjoying a nice, fruity Ethiopian Yirgacheffe Cafe  nice work on this one !
RT : You don't want to know how much traffic we are getting on Storify right now.
This is insane.
Fantastic job to keep servers up.
team Razor!
Cause who doesn't like a little danger?
;
Thank you!
It was yesterday.
can you translate mesmo so video in english for me..i love the song but i dont understand the lyrics...:
lol it was well worth the good time!
Can't wait to see you guys again in January
Blessed are those who give without remembering.
And blessed are those who take without forgetting.
Bernard Meltzer
John, Thanks for the follow.
We enjoy the Magazine and reference articles consistently.
Looking forward to Sharing!
lauren I honestly want to cry....
I'm not positive, but I'm like 75 sure /3
This place depresses me
I think I'm going to get a haircut tomorrow.
sounds like a good time.
Well do a premiere when you get back to LA
That McDonalds commercial was sad :/
Yeah, the name of his business is rather misleading.
I'd rather spend my 
I just sent peOple dm see if it's u
At venetian las vegas...
Weather is perfect..
Partied at the paris the night b4.
I kissed a girl, and I liked it
RT : An eye for an eye will make the whole world blind.
M.
Gandhi
YOU chocolate.
How to ruin your own day: 1 Find a funny tweeter like or 2Pick a funny tweet of theirs.
3Read all the replies.
4Cry
Cycling is cool, and basketball is uncool.
everybody started yelling when they tried to back that ass up
Wow.
How did that ump call him out on that pitch?!
The Silk Tie likes Jason!
Omg good, you finally finished!
lolol.
I'll talk to you tomorrow, bye.
love you.
RT : You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
James D.
Miles
hard to believe since I see no R bumper stickers and few GOP grassroots gearing for the election.
Hit me up a Facebook friend req
We love following book people on Twitter :
.
It was great to see Dwight Ink at aspa2012!
its the sun..
wear sun glasses.
Um soo he did not text me today blah ugh :
oh my gosh!
Me and you watch friends whenever it's in tv!!!
: and I love 80s movies and music!
I love dogs too!
I have 2 dogs!
Wow, I've seen more bigotry in the last few hours than I've seen in months.
Got my coffee fix!!!
Tonight we've got Justin Roeser spinning some crazy good vinyl starting  8PM.
Come let loose and dance with us!
This is not how i want to spend my friday night snowin  me walkin outside with my slippers wet from steppin in the water, dealin with doctorma
I gotta have some money to do my pageants withh 
Wow!
My eldest will spend summer/fall working on wineries in France  my youngest will intern in Baltimore  study in Amman fall semester.
I need some throwing shoes, but dick's doesn't have any reasonably priced ones /:
MT : Tonight 6p CAS522  What to Wear w/ Susan Callender!
Learn how to land your doctorAM
I'm sorry to tell you that this clearly means that your heart is full of darkness and pain.
Your Horoscope
When you give up on your doctorams, you give up on yourself
We spend too much time wondering why we're not good enough but not enough time listening to the reasons why we are.
I hate when all morning you wake up like once an hour and feel like you can stay up and then once you have be awake your so tired!
HE'S MAH MAN
Retreat , If Your Hawwwwtt  You Know it :
to say the very least!
Health is one's most valuable asset after all....
ohh shit u mexican im not but i ate enchiladas like a boss c;

some folks deserve to take a bow.
I rather concentrate on those!!
Encourage Greatness!!!
I shall always defer to you two on matters of strength.
Showing vulva art to a stranger met at bar has similar effects to actually showing your vulva to someone met at a bar.
Interesting.
I'm a family man...
Don't ever cross that line where my family stand.
Whether you plan to bottlefeed w/ breast milk or formula,it helps to properly equip yourself w/ a supply of bottles  nipples ahead of time!
Gearing up for some great shows this weekend!!
Let's go have some fun!!
that sucks!
Glad to hear you were able to keep the funding.
Thanks for doing so much to benefit youth and the community!
Glad its blessed u.
RT God is using ur book in a HUGE way in my life  student ministry!
We need more Joshuas!
Today's Get Energized tip: Use ceiling fans as an alternative to air conditioning.
Best of luck!
One of the students here is working on a social media agency.
If you need any help, let us know!
Ur welcome!
: thanks a ton for the card for cooper that was really nice.
Catch you at the track!
bro, your twitter avi is busted....
whathappened?
Bo!
Bummer dude about the comics!
Keep your chin up!!
It's too bad that there's not more of a collaborative culture in medicine.
Family Medicine has a lot to offer to trauma.
Hello, Cher.
I got you babe.
I have some stuff Friday.
Let's not call it off yet though.
Email me your sched fri/mon/tue and lets find something that works.
.
is this getting picked up nationally at all?
This a shame.
Haven't had such a good nap in years!
So glad fellow radio bud is a tweeter like  me.
Need to get Kelly Craig off her trophy buns
I just love it when I click on something and it brings up something totally different.
What's your favorite restaurant and why?
P.Y.T pretty young thing 3
Business as usual doesn't work anymore.
Totally true.
Convinced that the basketball shorts I'm wearing right now could outmanage Fredi Gonzalez.
you're welcome.
Did you CD make it yet?
Ladies find you ONE SOLDIER don't be a G.I HOE
Transcendent Man is worthwhile regardless of claims of being overly optimistic
Hahah heck ya!
what is the process to try to win the Buckeye tiks???
I like the new video.
Very pretty!
Ever notice how Merrill hodges tie knot is ridiculously big?
Netflix rocks, sign up, it's free first month!
U will love terriers Tv show, and Lillyhammer with SVZ
Muwahahaha, the transformation is complete!
cc
Oh hahaha.
I've seen a picture of them together a few times, but that's about it.
URBAN DICTIONARY: You wasn't with me Shooting In The Gym U did NOTHING 2 help me get 2 where I'm  now so putur hands back into your pockets
song ideas anyone?
: tweet em if you got any requests!
Can't wait for my 4 hour marketing class in 40 minutes!!
Not...
Tonight is hitting the stage at at from 7301130 pm, this is one show you won't wanna miss so come on out!!
that's actually a great idea.
Off to Uproar Festival!
awesome.
You are so good!
This chick said my ass was too big pahahaha!!!
Girl fck you, yo flat ass and yo sagging ass titties...
smh
grow up
ready for round 2, and ?
we will have to try and get a show up in your neck of the woods soon!!
its about that time for a lyrical homocide!
Time ta brainstorm and zone out on this shit.
Ya know how I do!
Its almost here!
24 hours until !
I Hate
I want another one of those Oreo sundaes it's hot AF too!!
lol!
RT Every time I see that Samuel Jackson iPhone ad I want him to ask Siri if Marcellus Wallace looks like a bitch
Fanny on Alexander
Uh in Mississippi right now.....shit got real lbs
Wow I'm tired oh well fuck it .
I have no idea?
Just talked to a gregariously hilarious listener 'STREAMING YOU IN STUTTGART, GERMANY!!!
He was awesome  is coming to visit.
Sorry followers, looks like I was hacked.
Please ignore any product endorsements.
In fact, boycott those products!
Thank you for the fabulous follow  amazing , Fashion brands meets the best!
50 cent is life.
Monday  almost done ready for lunch nap and then hw I guess
Suggestion for NCAA: Have men's and women's final four always max 5 hours doctorve from each other.
How great would that be?!
Agent meeting next week!
Friends are the best referrals.
Thanks friends!
xoxo
RT : Happiness is a way of travel, not a destination.
Roy Goodman
um I think so yeah but only in front of friends that I'm close to!
Hoping you win nextironchef!
fingers crossed
There's the boy whose mother keeps our savior cooped up in that tiny little bottle.
nobody says galore......any more.
So today I had a hard time explaining the difference between a Chinese factory and a concentration camp.
I'm obviously a good algebra tutor.
Justin,He Won't follow me and he just ignores my tweets :
I like that you had students vote on ideas for how to improve the library!
And I'm glad my idea is under consideration!
WE'RE FUCKING LOST!.
Google maps to the rescue :
Just keep consistent and see what works.
If your groups grows slowly, that's ok!
Have fun with it.
So glad for this.
Sometimes I think we are on reverse!
come on Bruno can I get a simple shout out?
Please!
Is it inappropriate to use the term ghettoized to describe something that has been put in a limited place / role?
You can't hide passion for the game and he just exudes that!
I love it!
Wish D.
Rose was playing but I'm a Doug Collins fan
Thanks for the memories Prince!
In the battle of Monika's doctorss Vs The Wind, I have to say I think the wind is winning.
You're welcome 3rd street.
yess!!!
Are you done with school??
you have some interesting tweets.
It looks like we have some common interests and passions!
Dear Facebook u suck jk loves you but jeez stop changing :D
M gurl, you know it.
;D
Hahah that's great when the catcher moves his glove outside to get the pitch and its still called a strike....
Got a tattoo m/
Darth Vadar was at the door??
what a slide into first!
very close!
Feeling like I'm back in the Pacific Northwest with the cloudyrainy weather
yeah yeah invented MVC and ActiveRecord :
Wow!
I'll Have Another wins TheKentuckyDerby!
What a great race!
happiness at work is key, and so often overlooked!
Clarion call for building an innovation economy in Md.
from of
Shit got real in his background lol
And yet im practically just a stick : lmao
why is it so hard to get you to follow me?
Stephen A vs Skip...
Always fun.
It's 10:23pm.
I have a puppy, a new shirt and a hangover.
Wow.
The best play on the court, Royce White, needs a rest.
That doesn't sound like the best player.
He should need rest.
I need a beer skeeee!
Beautiful.
Send me your email addoctorss, and I'll do the rest!
No way!
That's my old playground
nobody likes you.
RT : Nick Denton: Anonymity is at the heart of the internet and discovery of truth through the internet.
13 year olds blowing boys instead of bubbles
Listening to really loud music so i don't have time to overthink.
I thought that was a pretty decent analogy but maybe that's because I've been in too many knife fights...
ha ha, stylish!
You wanna know why iJevers hating on Austin?
Cuz your giving him attention.
Maybe if you'd ignore him he'd shut up...
HATERS GONNA HATE.3
OUR PRAYERS R W/  HIS FAM 4 THEIR LOSS GOD BLESS U ALL
no trust me there's nothing to be jealous about..
I'd rather be hot than cold ngl
Excuse me I'm Sorri I rele such a lady
What?
Shame on you Rutgers.
Maybe pay a kid's tuition?
RT RT : Snooki got paid 32k to give a speech at Rutgers.
Blushes...n jizzes n his pants at work...opps!
RT : ooooweee SLURPS!
:
So will Cory Booker award himself a key to the city for saving his neighbor from a fire?
What do you give a hero mayor?
Maybe Rudy knows?
there are worse ways to go!
: And I fell on my ass lmfaodoctornk more beer it wont matter what you bowl
where u at
Apparently being wide awake right now means a revelation about my life.
Love does not care to define and is never in a hurry to do so.
Charles Du Bos
I definitely will when tommorrow when I can follow more people, twitter is being stupid lol
I have been annoying my family all day...I keep making up bunny jokes ...They are hoppy this day is over!
I don't know why Whedon fans get so huffy about the infallibility of the man's work.
It's cray cray.
Doc  doctor Jazz  a style of music I aspire to play well; 4  a very cool number :D
Industry is the soul of business and the keystone of prosperity.
The parade is downtown tomorrow morning at 9:30am...
Check out www.milwaukeeparade for the route, and we hope to see you there!
past 5 mins was the scariest of my life
It's easy to identify people who can't count to ten.
They're in front of you in the supermarket express lane.
It's always me against the world.
OMG yes I can set up a Bristol tour for you we can both go on if you want!
And I'll work from there for the day.
Let's do it!
I really wunna go to the mall but my madoctor won't take me :
NEW YORK3 LAST TIME YOU CAME HERE I DIDNT GET A CHANCE TO GO : PLEASE COME BACK TO NY3
Disbelief in magic can force a poor soul into believing in government and business.
nice!
I'm interviewing Pablo  Mauricio, the dude in your pic ;.
Excited!
?s for them?
: :
My 1000th tweet goes out to my prom date, , Counting down the days til the 19th haha!
Happy AdminprofessorssionalsDay to all our multitalented, hardworking admins!
where we at ?!
General Douglas MacArthur Men are governed only by serving them; the rule is without exception
Makes sense.
I misread your tweet.
Carry on.
IMATS was a blast...now time for some Shows!
;
If my sissy takes me I will
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
Very cool!
Scoring algorithms everywhere we turn....
I'll take stats and competition over an argument of MVPs, AllStar games and games played.
Bout txt ray goodnight, nd call it a night goodnight y'all: 
Birthday party, cheesecake, jelly bean, BOOM!!!
The beach house I'm staying in has an elevator in it.
Romney's black man prompt is back.
Maybe he had to go relieve himself.
He looks like Lawrence Fishburne in the Matrix when Neo was dying.
I hate how I think so much
anyone who is exhausted and still bustin ass...booya!
Does Wisconsin know that they don't have to shoot only three pointers?
I don't think I've ever seen anyone pluck a violin like is right now!!!
maybe, better ads will mean there will be fewer of them?
I'm stretching, I don't think this really helps the world in any way
Finished reading 'The Hunger Games' last night.
Man!
I could not put that book down!
Cannot wait to start the next one!
The SquEZ Coolest invention for your doctornk since ice!
Nothin' like a real NY everything bagel, and it best have salt!
Gahhhh...
O Lord Jesus  Rom.
10:9; 12b13 ...and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
ah I can't log out of twitter :o
what's going on man.
Are you guys still looking for records for VALI?
SongsIKnowOffByHeart Rocky Raccoon...I could be here all day
all late!
LOL but congrats u at 829 followers now : I have to catch up lol right!
Where are you kids going to be?
I'm starving.
lmao nope I don't wanna spend my summer doing work.
So it's gonna just be her there
...conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
Now we are engaged in a great Civil War...
WhatYouShouldKnowAboutMe I'm Calm and Laid back most of the time so DON'T think I don't like you OK???
Week 15: Sun.
Dec.
16  HOME vs.
Denver Broncos
One day, I will have thousands and millions of followers.
Inspired Motivated ..
On Air!
Go to georgetownradio.com and click Listen Live
very cool ...some time soon I'm gonna do the same ..
I want to take it to the next level ..
After a round one series win?
RT : LA about to riot.
So Damn sleepy, it dont make no sense but Fuck it ima doctornk 2 I sleep
secrets secrets are no fun unless their shared with everyone lol ; 3
If I can just forget about the roasted garlic, mustard, blood, and islay scotch and just focus on the comfort level these jeans have......
Living room chants!
RT : I am, I am jerseyed, scarfed, and hatted up probably doctorving my neighbors nuts
Tommarow is friday!
That maens it's the weekend!
But dang, I wish this rain would GO away.
Nice day out  a lot of my students calling in sick.
Oldest one in the books, kids.
wel no 1 wanted to talk well imma take a shower
please, please do tell.
I just googled my name lol
thanks for follow me :D
When I see the Zooey Deschanel apple commercial I wish I could be professorssionally cute too.
man I got to say it you killed it tonight and have been growing..
can deff see it bro..
keep up the hard and good work!
RT : Weigh ins about to start.
How many of you UFC fans is this your first time?
If you don't mind me asking, who's your fave of the four?
If you call yourself ugly I assume you're fishing for compliments.
around 6 skylar dayne and the command sisters are playing and me of course:
Does anyone know of universities w/ supplementary programs for PhDs that emphasize digital skills, interdisciplinarity, or media projects?
RT Everyone calls karma a bitch, but she always fucking with everyone, sounds like a hoe to me.
And people say the bigten is hard to watch?
no problem.I can't help, bacause I don't have amazon kindle, so i tried to help the way I can :
if you listen to my songs tell me what ya think good or bad i would like to hear what you say
A church should be g by what it does outside it's walls, not inside.
Must be a strong support system for faculty and students.
Thanks.
Good luck on your 10x app!
Watch the film if you get a chance.
He really did a wonderful job.
Fck the Sun God!!..
Could we get a little rain?
the grass is dying and it hurts to walk on bare foot.
hey , you !
yes you !
, that ATTENTION SEEKER !
, l
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
True!
Hehehe.
Also, dogs without leashes.
And loads of quietude  spaceboth imperative for poetry editing.:
I am excited and I am getting ready too.
Can't wait to see everyone!
ALL I WANT FORCHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME!
NSN?
7
you espresso such confidence, but is it grounded in reality?
midnight party, coo
Hey Jan thanks for following

Oh China.
Promise to rebuild stolen doctorne secrets cheaper and resell to the US for a 1/3rd of the cost.
MMindless.
IInteresting NNoticeable D Decent L Loving EEnthusiastic SSuccessful SSweet!!
All adds up to MINDLESS
I loved on agt, but the next two seasons' knockoffs just seem like copies to me.
needs to get online!
There is nobody to talk to.
ooh la la
tv time
Resilient Soul's Health and Hair Expo was excellent!!!
People aren't going to bring me down .
I see that I'm going to have to truck myself to a quiet library to get this editing done.
sheesh, how much procrastinating can I do?
There is nothing like a doctoram to create the future.
I'm a swaddling machine!
I think I'm going to swaddle next!
If I Die Tomorrow, tell Austin Mahone I love him.
AKA Redneck Mimosa // : Wine mixed with Gatorade is my recovery formula for life.
Are you really at Nickel Nickel?
is giving us the best early Christmas present ever!
PutYourHearsUpDecember20th :D 
well, the are destroying the red sox.
cabrera and fielder putting in work!
Check out music from A.Lee Legendary on Reverbnation!
It started as Wolf, then put Crazy and ended Rabid.
Someone please have with a veterinarian.
Goal FIU in the fourth minute: Di Croce lifts a ball over the keeper, brilliant cross from Uribe.
busterolney can't get ONE player to go on the record to bash Braun?
Not one?
I think the quotes are fake
Live Remote Broadcast from the El Rio in the Mission District starting in 10 minutes
Enjoying my day off, and the fact that i actually don't have to go anywhere today for a change.
Tired too, so maybe i'll catch a nap later.
RT : Come to tonight!!!!!
Its going down.
Experience church the right way.
I'm selling my Nikon D90.
It's in great conditions.
The best way to make people remember you?
Borrow money from them.
U will never be forgotten
hey so i love u and i live in NYC...
is there any way i cld meet u?
plz .
ur my idol!
Going in a circle should never be considered as moving forward
I give the M/ horns to for being a bro :D
What's up with Hulu turning DOWN the volume on ads this week?
I'm not complaining.
It's a bold strategy, Let's see how it pays off for them.
: There are about 50 Kentucky fans at Houligan's in Daytona Beach, FL.
Pretty good little turnout.
BBN WeAreUK
Lmao.
No wrong but good one.
Thanks to for the mention.
Love to hear what you think about the show!
New music coming soon !!!!!!!!
In the mean time check out my joints !!!!!!!!
so what up?
Several minutes were just shaved off this show by giving the award to Woody Allen.
Thank you jeebus.
you sexy ;
Any hunch on who's the favorite?
Adoctoran did a heckuva job getting Edgewood to the tourney.
where are you
A study showed 66 of people r afraid of either losing or being separated from their phones....sad kinda.
I luv my phone being quiet
love this place..
Sometimes it's just weather messing with your car.
Techs usually won't do anything unless it's on, though, in my experience
Thanks for following and and
If I could go to LA right now I'd want to go to Skylight Books in Los Feliz.
Was a good chill night tonight with , , , , , Traci, and Amanda.
How long the map feature on shown traffic in current time when searching for directions?
I love it!
Safe travels to all those headed to alamw12.
See you in Anaheim.
i'm going to paint a masterpiece at the new space in dupont tonight  can't wait
they lose by one.
we lose by one.
this is going to be a good series.
dang, and I'm keepin you up.
Well goodnight and sweet doctorams.
You ASSume.
Im actually a rational centrist with Libertarian leanings.
The world is more than left and right you dolt.

The show is going great kokodennisshow
A bump, often.
Persistence, always.
Success, soon!
Good luck!
: Get that lightskin joint Ivy RT : Alright I need a girl for this video shoot, any suggestions....
yea she bad!
what's your reasoning for rooting for the Giants?
I'm kinda undecided still, just curious...
ERica Newland, CDT, 1st speaker at privacy panelnew challenges: doctornes, monitoring TV shows you watch from stray EM radiations
Interesting that Nicki Minaj is playing the Paramount  not Bumbershoot.
She'd fit the fest's Katy Perry/Black Eyed Peas pop star hole
Luby strikes out for 2nd out, Bluff still has bases loaded in 6th, down 21.
ok so here's your hamburger its duble cheezburger lolol
np what i be on
WorstBreakUpExcuses It's not you, it's me
Honey nut Berlioz!!!
o.....
Sorry wrong commentator then....
I'm redefining my coaching niche...I'm going to work with mothers and wives, especially those with an entrepreneurial spirit...
Ha!
That's awesome.
i like
follow back ?
Wonderful decision!
RT Registered for at Looking forward to some great presentations!
bahahaa i was in your lunch today but you werent there
rock If your golf game was as good as your twitter game you might break 120.
Make the most of your extra day tomorrow!
Maybe you could treat your team to a Leap Day Lunch or Have a Leap Day Promotion.
Enjoy!...
the winky face is actually weird, I feel really gay when I send it to people like im a pedophile or something
Who's your favourite youtuber of all time?
Doing homework with the Ray 3
did yall find land n Midland?
My husband knows someone that can help!
The guy is a preacher out thereknows the whole town :
I needed a laugh tonight.
Jim Hunter just said this game almost has a playoff atmosphere.
HAHAHA.
1634 society learning and developing our trustees with a leadership session today
Keep your head up princess.
If not, that crown will fall.
I hate my English class.
The teacher acts like he doesn't know how to freaking teach 
Going to get a tan, 1st summer in years I've had a tan.
As a good friend mentioned no more pasty white.
Hope the planet Earth enjoyed her day yesterday!
Did you help save the Earth on April 22, 2012?
yeah, oh my gosh 1 more day

When you cook me something amazing then I will do the same for you
okay sure :
we gotta all catch up when I get back from Orlando ;
Stanford took down Florida State 30 earlier this evening.
Duke is now up 10 at the half in their match against Wake Forest
I will j rob
The Pauly D Project is the real life Entourage of 2012 finally the wait is almost over 3/29 cc:
My nanny died tonight so sad :
There you go, doctornktweeting again.
: Raise ur hand if you'll be at the 10Day Concert June 8th...
we got a fat sack for the GREEN room!!!
It's a fact.
Since 1977, NEH challenge grants have leveraged 3.02 billion in nonfederal matching funds for projects across the US.
it seems like mayor bloomberg made it illegal to be a new yorker who doesn't own either a yoga mat or a pair of lululemon pants
Going to meet up with a fired up potential new O4E Rep that wants to make a lot of money....Lets show him how
Wake n Bake
lovely little 'pep talk' w/ mother dear.
shitasianmomsay knows
Obama is still my choice, despite all the disappointments.
I'm home now cutie 3 ;
Wow.
Been a while sinve I tweeted.
That was Feet Of Destiny, but it went bust.
How long does a harp stay in tune?
About twenty minutes, or until someone opens the door.
And they all lived happily whatever after.
ha ewwwwww ima put you in jail too
Its guys like u that make girls not trust men.
: Seen the ghost again.
doctorg side effects
Lol, no one wants to meet me:
got cast in THE POLITICS OF CONFLICT filming in Feb 2011.
it's Sunday without I'm feeling suddenly bored.
I suppose the real world beckons.
This trophy tour is BS.
No love 4 NKY?//Too many college degrees in area to truly be part of
bemilwaukee gobucksgo RT : Great win!
Back to The Mil another tomorrow!
If wishes come in rainbow colors, then I would send, the brightest one to say, Happy Holi
: i would have gave up anything for you ..
and now we dont even talk?..
how the fck did it get to that?
Good morning friends.
Up and ready for a beautiful day.
God bless :
Laughter rises out of tragedy, when you need it the most, and rewards you for your courage.
Erma Bombeck
Its the Playoffs...RT : Why is everybody about to fight?!?
WTF!
Man I'm in the mood where I just wanna fuck shit up or fuck someone up.
Man I need to smoke smh.
Whos with me?
watching Mulan because of out little tweet session we had the other night .
TEAMFOLLOWBACK EVERYBODY STOP  GO HIT THE FOLLOW BUTTON NOW   TOP MALE MODEL HE FOLLOWS BACK!!!
Laviolette is LIVID that Malkin did not get called for a trip about 30 second before Grossman got called for hooking.
Damn!
Why so many?
Now if that dp doesn't take the wind out of the sails, I don't know what would.
Classmate: You're gay  your Dad's a pastor?!
How does that work?
Me: Well, I fall in love w/a woman  my Dad tells me I'm going to Hell
happy mothers day 
yeah, a guy was trying to get home and he used stationary and falsified info.
They called to verify and he got axed
I think that all that is false may more readily be reduced to notions clear and distinct, distinct from all other notions.
GodSon on one lol
Our rehearsal space is getting shut down by the evil landlord.
Occupy Sound Asylum!
Oh wait, that was the sound of nobody giving a shit.
oh, I'll be fine  doing legs again by this weekend.
Just a couple days of discomfort between now  then :
Thx for comic.
Even so, I've got to give it the college try.
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our US Reshapers!
What are you doing to stay on track and be healthy this weekend?
you pat the dog.
you screw in the lightbulb.
and then you just go crazy:
Anybody need GPS for their car?
yay awesome mail!
whyy does it seem like there's never enough time?!
No, you're unique!!
Happy Birthday !
Dinner tonight is fresh greens and vegetables from Dad's organic garden, and fresh home made garlic bread.
Ah, this is the life.
We will go see it!
:
YUM!!
MT : Marsala and Roasted Garlic Wild Boar Sausage with BaconGarlic Mayonnaise and Smoked Gouda Cheese
Lord forgive me this watch I bought, I know that shxt had cot a lot.
I need that....
if you're in vegas tonite..
jazzyjeff playing at Rain inside the Palms..
Also Tarzan, Tribe Steppaz,  Chuck B  Forte
Too tired to code, too excited to sleep.
Thanks, cocoaconf :
he was certainly one nice specimen of the human race :
you do dogg!
At the CES press event in nyc today, getting a peek at what gadgets we'll see at CES in january.
Keep ur heart open nd love will find a way in it 3
Have a great weekend everyone.
Stay safe.
Be cool to one another.
Don't take any guff from those swine
I'm pushing in school tomorrow
yah I know I've been slacking /:
SDCChiHack Best Open Source goes to GatherPeeps so many great apps!
Things are looking up!
loveable rogues please go through :
Tonight is going to be poppen
lol can you believe it!
Lol miss you!
Nokia prepping hybrid devices and tablets, admits it failed to adapt
STAND UP FOR WHAT YOU BELIEVE IN EVEN IF YOU STAND ALONE support your locs
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the...
The new Dexter was awesome.
Lookin forward to seeing which direction they take it this season
It's the Beasties for breakfast.
Bruins have forced a game 7!!!!
Come on guys make us keep on believing
Faith is like electricity.
You can't see it, but you can see the light.
Sitting outside Poncho Villa with 
im listening to the radio waiting for them to play it :
I don't need anyone who doesn't need me.
I need a vacation.
PBO  Cut deficit by 4 T?
GOP  NO!
PBO  Jobs bill, fix infrastructure?
GOP  NO!
PBO  Give 45 million health coverage?
GOP  NO!
It's time to apply the same rules from top to bottom...responsibility from everybody.
TALK TO ME, OBAMA!
Interesting fact about Ayn Rand.In her senior years she collected both Social Security and Medicare.
Ah, I'm going to bed.
:b I'll text you like tomorrow or something!
At least you did not have a Suzy Kolber moment!
With TheAvengers hitting theaters exactly one month from today, we thought we'd doctorp you a hint about our advance screening...
RT Huguely has pleaded not guilty to all six charges, including firstdegree murder, reports
Now that I got to see a good chunk of the Brewer game I say good night to my peeps!
Montpellier is also off to win this year's Ligue 1 title!
Very good team.
Enjoy your time at home Laeticia.
T.
Observed on MARC: man licking crossword section of newspaper.
That moment that lets u know u made the right choice
Surgery Tip: Find an experienced surgeon with whom you feel comfortable.
I'm good.
Could be better if our team made it to XLVI!
Then I might have to change my handle, and that could be a pain.
And you?
Love you bro!
Thanks for the FF!
She's cheer captainin and I'm on the bleachers .!
dude dont let anyone bring u down people r just stupid, u know ur the bigger person
Thanks and  will keep you posted.
Hoping to avoid last minute curve balls.
phew Still trying to piece together funds in the event you find me worthy  the source of most of my immediate stress.
I understand!!
And I remember my kids dad not getting that either.
I'm back on my shit
I think when your first fight in a relationship is over whether or not you cheat on words with friends.
You're doing really good...lol
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 9
This is our situation, and the current doctorp in oil prices is a result of the fact that our economy is again on the downside.
Huntsman: Cites optimism of American people, ability to assimilate everyone
its early but im bouta make some fried  baked chicken for my lunch
bitter beer face
Without my iphone, I haven't listened to music as much as I used to.
Not happy about that.
Where do the Red Sox and Yankees farm systems rank for prospects in relation to the other MLB teams?
And we r raised w/ Him, Death is deadlove has wonChrist has conquered; we shall reign w/ Him, 4 He lives: Christ isrisen from the dead!
I absolutely LOVE reward systems!!
Great idea Ashlee Nicole :
In sheer volume of what is written about an author, James Joyce is second only to Shakespeare.
reading all the sweet notes people wrote me made want to cry.
they're so cute, i love my friends.
Edmonton Oilers 51 over the Avalanche at home.
Good to see Foote back on the ice.
Rule 2 Never throw out you leaves before the second brew
good seeing you tonight at the club.
Let me know if you guys need help on the set!
I guess I wasn't paying attention then!
Everytime You Know I Dont Lack.......
me and will be there too yayayyyy
ANOTHER DAY IN THE LIFE OF FITNESS, BICEPS, BACK  ABS!!
STAY FOCUSED STAY POSITIVE RESULTS DON'T COME OVER NIGHT!!
My taste buds can take only so much, twitter!
: made some ridiculously delicioussmelling pear/pineapple and strawberry jams.
thank you!
Happy weekend!
What has been seen, cannot be unseen...
But I'm sure as hell gonna try.
Dang!!
You're an extreme hippie then haha, right on!!
Will there be a steerage class menu?
you just blew my mind.
what is keeping textbook companies from creating more interactive etextbooks?
Collin Ray is a freaking beast!!!
I'm annoyed by this but it made me realize the older I got, all that matters to me in a sporting contest is the RESULT.
Try radio!
Pickett re: funding agencies  they are trying to direct positive disruptive change in education.
If he don't stfu with all this bull shit he talkin ..
I'm surprised the nets aren't on fire with the way this game is going.
I mean at this rate we could top a HUNdoctorD combined points.
that link shows page is down
hey everybody i miss you all
Worked my ass off tonight
serioucly fuck you...
i don't need this kinda shit from you.
doctornking: Angel's Share,  Samuel Horne's Tavern
We agree!
Thanks for your support
What the hell is non dairy creamer.
men I tryed to come n couldnt get out of bed lol
Let try a 69 just one time 
Agreed!
RT Ignore what the competition is doing, it's already been done.
Pursue what seems impossible but is how things ought to be.
Thank you!
Today I stand on top of a mountain and sing It's the best day ever!!
Happy Wednesday Tweeps
i been legendary 7136322069 MONEYTALKSMORE i live in the city im from and i put on, dont gotta move cause im a landmark
you're a trooper!
kids Mansion  Stable Tours at Hartwood Park, Fri, May 11 10:00a: Tour the 16th Century Tudordesign Mansion and stables.
Call ahead for...
Hiya how are you Have a nice weekend xx
I also have an email that seems strange
We all know i never start worrying until about 5 hours to kickoff anyway.
I predict the exact weather we had Saturday.
:
I didn't catch it.
Today, I'm very busy with my side career as a mediocre email designer.
We're shooting the Summer2012 promo videos today.
Stay tuned  we'll later post some teasers!
Birthday shoutout to !
Hope you have a wonderful day!!
I am blessed to call this man pastor.
Hahahahahaha great announcement!!!
Thank you for following me!
I will follow you as soon as I can!
Awe I'm sorry.
I hope they are okay.
Real Madoctord or Bayern Munich?
I rarely use my library nowawdays but I just checked and we do have an online magazine/newspaper database.
I just need
I'm sure you're torn up over it :
: WE ARE GOING TO BLOW UP iTUNES WHEN BOYFRIEND IS OUT!!!!!!!
24Hours 1Day
more like mister Sexypants..
Have you read The Taste of Salt by ?
Lyrical novel, meditation on the toll substance abuse takes on families.
Awww poor Chloe :...
She has freaking abs WTF??!
I'll definitely save my money, but you better believe im also going to buy a shit ton of clothes with my new job.
Really...
Is there any good new music out there?
Taco City!!!
how cute robert farts LOL
The professorssion of bookwriting makes horse racing seem like a solid, stable business.
John Steinbeck amwriting
Happy birthday to Shakira.
She is my starting five
That awkward moment when someone says new avi!
and their picture hasn't popped up on your phone yet..
Gimli, good sir, you've taken No shave November far enough...
It's mine, but someone must have taken my Ronald Reagan mask out of there.
I need it all back.
Oh haha because I know a bunch of girls in 98's because of odp and most of them are on fc Dallas
Get ready for the 20/30 Club Nite Flite event this weekend!
Get your tickets asap if you have not yet...
Realizing my head phones are held together mostly by tape and a prayer tonight means I'm probably due for a new set.
Again.
G.M.N.I.: When I'm fatigued or in need of strength, I find solace in my baby, Sarah Bellum.
She ensures I'm never weakminded.
We are hosting the Happy Hour Tonight, starting at 5:30pm!
Please stop by TheVault to enjoy some refreshments and pingpong!
Would love to send it!
To whom should I send it?
God we praise you on this day!
u got it!!
He's awesome!
Harry is so hot!!
I loved the performance it was worth the wait!
So glad I'm meeting for dinner tonight because this day is just not going my way...
Man...who u tellin!
I just play mind games w/my kids, That new movie will b on Netflicks soon.
It looks better on our TV.
2012 Presidential candidate Jon Huntsman in DC next Wednesday, June 15 speaking at the Young professorssionals Fundoctorising Dinner
everyone go follow go..
go now....
push follow
I just saw a super fat dachshund that moves like a harbor seal.
140 characters can't contain the volunteers and supporters who made nciv1story conference happen.
But thank you all!
It's hard going out with friends that have no kids...
Only because they don't understand why its hard TO go out in the first place noplans?
I mean, hello lenders, we want to spend MORE money  at least help us get rid of our condo.
Such an emotionally exhausting process.
Sorry!
It has many entertaining comics in it, so that's the short answer.
Best as PDF.
Email for more support
Aw yea!
RT : had a great time playing in Vegas can't wait 2 comeback!
My card to the highest bidder?
RT : dsum12 a digital conference would make more sense if people could go digital
He's only been in the bottom 3 once I think, right?
Should be interesting.
Hasn't been a female winner since season 6.
so tired
Given how hard it is to find true simpatico b/w pw  dir., we could make a wee lab to find it.
I'm hesitant about DC movies, I'm hoping they can make better ones like the last few batmans  Flash would be interesting
if i eat 37 sliders it's cool because they're tiny, right?
Missing my babe but I'll see him tomorrow.
He needed some metime anyway.
is off to early vote today.
Whomever you choose, make sure your voice is heard.
hes my heart , my world , my EVERYTHING
Zayn!
You might get pregnant and die.
Just...
just take some rubbers though cause you can never be too careful
shooting a quick commercial in downtown Columbus this sunday!!!
10am 3pm
Why thank you for the trophy!
I played around with his tree software.
Would love to explore origami and math.
R u doing this?
Yes.
The bubble covers most of campus, indoors and out.
Take back your online privacy.
Try Safe Shepherd
no boys allowed.

of Facebook shares...highest factor in new SEO ranking factors 2011 per
you Better:3
LOVE IT  couldn't agree more!
2 tote bags and a lunch bag!
Whoop!
2 busy 2 tweet?
Never.
Just busy filling in for AC who is fishing in Canada.
We're busy baking up a storm.
Plan to stop by tomorrow morning to sample some of our new muffins!
Bastard humidity gives me Phyliss Diller hair.
Or Wayne Coyne hair.
Same thing.
Lmao it's some fake ahhs people in Marion fool, but aye iAint gone say nun!
Cause im straight long as you dont approach me with the BS
Pizza puff and french fries for lunch
littlemonsters follow me and I'll follow back.
Paws up!
GU's own artemis kirk wraps up the presentations at this AM's meeting.
now QA...
I was just bumping to that .
.
fb me all my work is on there
cat glasses; no suit.
No knife fights, but evidence of Guinness.
And a classful of satire students amazed!
O.
M.
G.
ICONic Boyz
just stick with me lol youll know
hahahahhahahah mine is to my whole body is dead
So JLo's new commercial for clothing?
perfume?
We did that song in showchoir a thousand years ago!
I've Got the Music in Me.
Big River tonight!
S.A.
THUGS VOL.3 HOSTED BY FADE DOGG  BIG RODDY COMIN SOON...SMOKE SUM THANG BITCH...
I believe DDT causes cancer but because of lack of data, I don't know that it causes cancer, says
fair to ask what an equivalent private sector job would pay.
I'd bet an analogoussized private biz CEO would make much more.
The holiday is about 3 weeks away RT : Hey yours is a great place for some chips and salsa
sure  today or later this week?
No more Pro Bowl?
Thoughts?
10, but missing the right brow tine, coulda been a lot bigger.
Dude, I really thought that'n was gone as well...
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
want to be able to tweet from my website.
Who graduated the same year from the same film school as Whedon.
They were classmates.
Kobe is nasty.
Smh.
just finished the amazing sunrise series!
Literally left be bursting with joy!
Starting the bailey Flanigan series right now
I doctoramed you said you would be praying for me.
Try these: Cries of Humanity, It's Not Just Me, My Hidden Manor : They are all on facebook and reverbnation.
There are some great things in the worldyou just have to search for them.
The people down the street are partying on a Tuesday
I called it 2 months ago
or mortal impulse, at that time they appeared as the counterfeit of God's man.
Skipped it.
Not thrilled with prospect of seeing Charlotte Gainsbourg doing ugly things to her privates.
u not my bottom bitch no more
Are you willing to stand up for the library in the community?
Do you want to kick up some noise and demand libraries in our community?
Im sleppy...
i guess its nap time :
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Friday!
hehehe : your welcome cutie: what are you doing ?
Aww I am a big girl
You are the BOMB in so many ways, such a leader, yet a BOMB team player as well, you encourage me and I appreciate you so much!
I love sushi!
Sucks ur not here
I'm finally getting allergies here.
Itchy eyes the past few days, and now I can't stop sneezing.
Blerg!
We gotta ball soon
Is it really MAY already?
Let's get those diets in order, people!
Cut one vice and see a change fast.
lmao they sent me to run a errands in the back, i wanted to say hi too...
that place gets too hecticc
Biked to the beach with my babe n the kayaked all day and now for some bomb Mediterranean food ;D amazing day for sure!
Love between two people is such a precious thing.
It is not a possession point blank!
U must be from London!!
Our website can be translated with one click using the toolbar at the bottom of every page.
Differences won't stand in the way of
404 on book signing url
So sad.
RT Very sad to hear about Adoctorenne Rich's death  I wrote my senior thesis on her poetry and greatly admired her.
MovieFactOfTheDay There are 1500 cuts in the film 300, and about 1300 involve some sort of visual effect.
lol thats a tad bit scary
Where is that billboard?!
Examiner: U did fine.but do u want to learn 5 simple n easy steps to parallel park?
Me: Sure ...
Examiner: Now u can impress ur friends :/
heck no I'm hittin up taco bell
I'm back on Twitter just to say I'm gone Oct 2nd for a year...I think 
Good report Wolf...
keep the focus on the money!
I would go with Smith...at least he's scored lately.
Bickell looks lost out there now.
Just saying.
haha what do u charge
Kemp finished April with a .417 batting average to go along with 12 homers and 25 RBI.
Looking at the box score in from Wilt's 100 point game.
Attendance: 4,124!
your promises they look like lies your honesty like a back that hides a knife ....
Italy!
What about you?
in this common era plenty my friend..
Better watch out before your D starts Fallon off
Nick Mitzevich of the Art Gallery of South Australia.
Picture: Kelly Barnes ...
The Australian
papers to run as a candidate for mayor of San Francisco as a writein , with 16 candidates
The Indiana Pacers are so irrelevant I didn't even know they had home court advantage until I turned the game on.
Dan, I am just calling you out on defending some players who also screw up.
Yes, Hawkins screwed up, but so did Loe.
Team game.
I ve seen you come outside maybe 2 times in 6 months
oh your having issues with ipad?
the app is glitchy on that thing.
T.G.I.F.
whewww  Im T.A.F.
Wut dat mean?
100 to who guess it   yea right  LOL
dem party of wis taking action to recall of republican senators.their careers in the balance yet they will take a knife for walker
Earwax IS SO an acceptable Scattergories answer to Things Found In New York
perhaps it was dadboner himself
Time for wvu to go to the sec and be done with this realignment business
Journalism is printing what someone else does not want printed.
Everything else is public relations  George Orwell
lovely picture, and lovely to chat with you tonight.
ONE YEAR ALREADY??
wow :
you're home, we're away!
that is a possibility.
I am off on Friday.
9:30pm on a Friday Night,  I'm SO sleepy!
Why didn't you C bet?
when you get in trouble in the hallways at school for saying shit.
ahaha.
Randomly thinking
Watching TheBachelorette bc I have nothing better to do with my life
Found your web series randomly, and I have to say I very much enjoyed it and am looking forward to episode 5.
Sen.
Rollie Heath arguing that the 'intervention' definition argument is beside the point.
chocolate eyes
u listen to common?
hi :D could you give me any acting/modeling tips for an upcoming actor/model?luv ya!!
:D
The first police car was used in 1899 in England
no thanks...
GRAD STUDENTS  Tomorrow is the deadline for completion of incomplete work from Spring/ Summer Sessions.
In North Carolina for a nice Thanksgiving Dinner with family  And, of course, all the dishes I am going to make!
M Yum!
A special thanks to my sister and and my play brother for coming out supporting me last nite at webbers
that cake is awesome!
Hope u had a cray happy birthday :D
How could I forget my boo.
Happy Mother's Day young lady
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
LMAO cx
I'm discussing the importance of transparency and information dissemination in our government.
I'll put the order in!
: Keep an eye on the severe weather though.
Link is returning a 502
i hate school then i love it
So wishing I was on my way to Chitown for event at ufconfox2!
Gotta babysit the GF's parents' house.
LOL, that is precisely the way to put it.
I love that song.
The world doesn't know it, but doctorke made that verse about me.
when will my coughing and sore throat go away??!
that's cause we rule Lil sista.
LoL.
Nava was a clutch pick.
no, he's not.
Hard day!
I don't go to school I have free day with my friends...
You will have a very warm welcome right from the moment you walk in because you immediately belong to our family.
All weekday lunch services are now from 11am2pm.
May is Jewish American Heritage Month.
Let us celebrate the contribution of American Jews in our community and throughout the nation.
Had A Wonderful Weekend :
look at my face  what do I look like lol
Just left the offices to catch a ride with were still hard at it.
some of our most iconic brands are re:imagining classic campaigns while embracing technology.
Lol ok.
I don't like mayweather.
I just like that fact he's friends with Justin.
Lolol.
Arts  Leisure: Bethany Cosentino With New Sound on x2018;The Only Place x2019; Bethany Cosentino is no longer hiding on the new Best Coa
Yes!
What do you like 2 pin?
RT : if you're a fan of pinterest watch CNNSatrudayMorning.
I just started using it.
i'm hooked.
You also can't spell, so it isn't that you are doctornk.
You are actually stupid.
you're gonna do great !!
My two favorite teams in baseball are playing!
Go reds!
Wars and elections are both too big and too small to matter in the long run
Congrats to for getting onto the blog squad.
Way to go zydoctorwdus ilcasskus.
spending my Saturday in the ER
cuz you're gay ?
Amateur video: Shocked Costa Concordia passengers escape sinking liner
There goes the nono.
Reyes singles to right
make that add my badges and widgets to my blog.
Help greatly appreciated
Watching NBAPlayoffs and an ad for the movie 'That's My Boy' comes on...
looks like another Adam Sandler dud movie on the way.
okay im coming:
will join for her live recording and Birthday BASH TONIGHT AT 7:30PM at Divine Faith in Atlanta
What did he say?
RT : did yal see what Jordan Farmar tweeted?
The Pit does some serious tailgating at the games!
MUCH, MUCH better job by the crowd tonight.
By far the loudest it has been in here.
I'm saving your tweet for life.

G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
thanks i try struts stuff
it is to be expected
im not tryin to get kicked out of school and if I beat his ass like bobby he will press charges !
Walking improves my thinking.
Being lost in thought while walking puts me in greater danger.
and why did you put a photo of your Instagram?
sorry, It difficult to believe in you..
:S I hope that you understand.
you should've next time we pray they bring all 14
If you want it don't stop till you get it..
anything scheduled for the east coast?
thanks!
Good luck to you too!
You have to let me know if you hear from him!!
you guys crack me up.
It has a pee valve.
Not sure if I'll use it all the time or not.
RT thurs the weekend, right?SO to Wisconsin women running on weekdays so that they can doctornk all weekend
is live in Livonia with the latest on this morning's deadly crash.
Tune into News10NBC at 5.
Big things happening in the world of google!
Web nerds take notice!
...And Im proud to be an American, where at least I know Im free.
And I wont forget the men who died, who gave that right to me....
Who loves Rock Band?
Paradizzle's got so much Rock Band it'll make you freak right out of your pants!
For shizzle!
tell her I said have a chill birthday
tear where is my beer?
Sexy Emma Stone, I want to date ur ass, take it how u want it...
Mojitos after work.
Hurry up please.
Damn I haven't been on here in forever
When I wake up in the morning I give thanks!!!!
anyone ever post a logline here?
seems like the perfect way to practice saying the most with the least amount of words
It never really ends ; RT finishing ferris bueller's day off.
: Let's all bask in the irony of Bristol Palin talking about the importance of raising a child in a traditional marriage.
...
Liking the new shirts.
youknowwhatsannoying when you are really hungry and no energy to cook.
in a upset mood right now..gnna take a show nd then bed cuz i got work in the mornin.
sounds cool.
More details on the program?
well...it's really sumthin, I have to say.
I am equal parts excited and horrified.
;
Follow Chair of who is the epitome of giving selflessly to progress the common good!
so sorry to hear that.
Good morning twitter people :
Love QA sessions conference!
MD Low Vitamin D may be linked to food allergy, less anaphylaxis in Florida More sun  fun?
oomf probably loved Burger King's chicken fries as much as i did...R.I.P bk chicken fries 
hahaha okay will do!!
Hahaha boy band....
XD yall crack me up!
Love you guys!
I'll get 'em out soon!
Wrong Joe Buck, that's a packers TD.
Future means dealing with the Gang of Four: Google, Amazon, Apple and Facebook
maybe Roy is waiting for Seattle to get a team again!
I love me some 7 jeans!!!
Neck kisses are the best though.
you should have told me to flex or something
Calypso Cafe in Leucadia is on fire.
Hmm...
Google doesn't believe that Grover is my real name.
This coming from a company named Google.
i got the oneclick app to work last week.
Am downloading manager to mac later tonight.
why don't i live in the uk
Happy Birthday!!
Hope it's a good one!!
General Assembly full of stupid.
RT : Rep.
Wanda Brown is embarrassing the entire state right now.
Thanks for your support!
Check us out on facebook!
facebook.com/stopthebansd
RT: I prefer socializing in the internet more than in the real life.
iPhone full of freak hoes.
I'm so bad at missing tweets.
I didn't see it.
I'll DM u my number.
Hit me up anytime!
Tuukka looked bad on that goal, but Chara backed off too much.
Chara has not looked good for a while.
Bad giveaway behind the net.
I I I I Were Out!
RT : Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than the belief that she is beautiful.
Sophia Loren
NBA TRIVIA What team won the very first NBA game?
anyone else having issues with soundcloud mobile app not showing your stream from people you follow?
Virgin America is by far the best airlines I've had the pleasure of experiencing.
It's going 2 b 1 of thos ...
Interesting days ...
Still confused why Sarah Palin would go on a bus tour, but refuse to announce any dates or times?
On a boat called The Jungle Queen 
La Grange, Knights of Cydonia, Cliffs of Dover, Through the fire  Flames  one .
Well i like them all.
looking Good : 3
Thank you for the mention!
Bilbray voted to defund Planned Parenthood.
will ensure ALL women can access reproductive healthcare.
I need to stop sounding like she's going to die every time I make her laugh.
It's not like I can just stop being funny.
Great minds discuss ideas.
Average minds discuss events.
Small minds discuss people.
Hapy with it...amazed Glenn fell to 41...could have moved up in 3rd to get better reciever..surprised about doctoryton Flo

ahh...i caved.
Just got back from an awesome bike ride through Bemis woods.
It was pretty damn nice out!
doing what I do best bro.
Just came to say u have awesome work
yeppers...so when you wanta I'd like my nipple back.
Conversation has veered away from tables and is now on the lazy youth of today.
Hope we have a future frontcourt with and at UK one day
she probably has been hurt go rescue her
in the city now gawddd
Universal Truth: If you photocopy or print out one personal document a year at work, thats when the printer will jam.
Almost back in S.A.!!
West Texas showed mad love!!
S/O to Cream from Swagger's, Rekluse, Ese Busta,  Smuc!!
You're killing me smalls!
I miss you!!
IM DOING SCRIPTS BY MYSELF LOL....
Earnest people doing really good work has been the big  for me at ITC12.
Tech/media sophistication, not so much.
What do you enjoy most about being a physical therapist?
At the same time, what is most challenging?
I mean it is the truth i would be happy if u did u have the best sayings ever i like gettin on twitter and seeing them: 
First episode of Torchwood.
I want that spray lotion.
Imagine the fun!
glad you liked the article!
has some great comments
Better than doing it during the day when people are thirsty and trying to rehydoctorte.
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish.
Push it, and it will go nowhere at all.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
Hell yeah we do
Now back to studying.
Im sweating as my silver Accord idles in a long line of cars waiting to cross the border.
Guild Wars 2 may be the first ever game I get the 'fancy tat' edition of.
As long as 150 doesn't somehow convert as 150
You should talk to He did both Livingstone  Archimedes spectral imaging.
I believe costs falling
lol well I'm getting tired soo ill tweet ya later : lol bye!

Happy to help in a small way.
Looks incredible!
Good luck!
That's what irritates me most, that they call themselves a baptist church...more like an org.
dedicated to hate crimes
I am warming up to this Monday night at NBC Nightly News thing.
Haha.
I had information overload too!
RT : My brain hurts.
Thank you for everything !
She too bad to be mad over a nigga...
K whts ya numbr ill hit u up
I hope this is his twitter...
Check us out in the January issue of VCPN, our Auto Lensmeter is featured in the article Out with the Old...
by Larry Guess LDO
Chicago Ridge Mall iz ghetto now though for that Aldis 
fuck I cant wait till i'm back to 100 ; day by day :
is a great Director !
I've just never been much of a smoothie person .
.
.
but the kids like themI could be a nice mom and do it for them!
Next thing you know, Lil Wayne will be doing Colgate commercials!
lol
ah...gotcha.
Trying to get to follow you is like trying to make the floor talk.
Not gonna happen.
You're welcome.
:
thanks so much for the mention!
Noon maybe?
I wanna sleep but Comedy Central is too live right now.
Tom Papa is hilarious!
your optimism is inspiring!
can't it be both?
HE IS SO STINKING CUTE.
LIVE!
at The Epicentre in San Diego!
FEB.18th w/No Bragging Rights!
..be there!
Hey how are you..
DM
we got this 2maro!
/ if he beats the patriots once this season he has a chance of being successful this season.
Yeah it is, how about scpa
yooooooooooo!...
I miss laughin with u my friend.
/
Track meet todayy, i wonder if we're gonna win ?

Will Rogers quotes was a favorite of my Dad, Reminded me of Dad and some fond memories of him.
Thanks for posting!
I am too.
Dx
That nap sucked dick.
I need to start turning off my phone when I try to nap.
quotes I'm doing everything I can to sabotage my career.
It's a little thing called fear of success.
RT : The glare is kiling me!
RT : Manu's bald spot gets worse by the day.
Spurs
I can't wait to hear what y'all r working on!
love u guys
Shut up!I'm gonna lose 8 lbs.
Good day for the warriors yesterday.
Shouting to da panthers running in ky today
WHY do you have an alarm set to go off every 9 minutes starting at 7am when you don't get out of bed until 10?!
beware the thieves of imagination..
3 bri
So yall really think okc gonna lose this series?
Yes I know I misspelled trying to avoid solicitation :
working on new songs for our holiday show and Christmas eve service :
maybe.
I'll let u know.
LLN.
In 6th period today i almost fell asleep because we were watching this video on the moon and the light was off and i was really comfy
I loved his mirror and his dog toy was questionable.
OMG .
.
.
.
things are gonna get easy some day
Turning from the game.
He takes shots at Bama and others just like he does UK.
Some takes are funny, it is what it is.
: this bitch is cray!
crackinmeup if you only knew!!!!
I spent the last 30 minutes of the Pats game pacing around my living room.
Been there, my friend.
Hang in.
The trucking industry is pretty contestable.
breakfast report: david terrified by popup ad.
hey, it's just kelis!
So many people hating on Christina Aguilera.
Which is exactly how I know we would be besties
Has gone Cat5?
Just a little bit longer till the semester is over and I start my summer of traveling!
Our artist lineup is growing be sure to check in on the new artists that are working with Poised Creation.
Melancholia on Netflix!
I'm so there.
Thanks for date night at La Jolla Playhouse
I feel fantastic today: focused and motivated.
Feels good!
In ten short days rates go up for the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/Inaugural 5k!
Sign up now for best price!
Money.
Today.
Money.
Tomorrow.
soon to be featured in the German Wochenblatt....nice
Problem w/ display of diacritics in various languages?
Adjust the font settings using the 'Configure Font' option on the Setup menu.
Yeah!
When's your birthday?
Architecture is the reaching out for the truth.
watch the NHL will insist we throw octopi on ice to slow pavel down!
Love or hate Bo, he deserves a facetoface with the kid, not just a generic phone call.
Apologize for the unannounced early close, the wind was a bit too gusty to keep my canopy up and the rain finished the deal.
Been looking at your website.
Nothing independent about it.
Reads like a wish list of radical left issues.
Cover blown!
,
Love when our customers repeat!!!
Don't miss the chance to try my new spring menu!!!
Spent to much money this week 
BIG DONKEY SMASH!
yeah it is!!
going to a big turkey dinner tonight!
:D
All i can say is wow, dam, wtf, hm, gotta get it
GoCougs Nice win over the Beavers tonight.
Congrats to and his players.
Time to beat Pitt!
Who has iMessage??
Google must have figured out I'm female.
Now I'm seeing cosmetics ads before StarCraft replays on YouTube.
Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit.
Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
ill Watch that too!
The eve of the eve party tonight!
DM us to reserve your table  MVP at the door for free cover
Thanks for posting this article.
We open August 19th!
Congrats to for getting the Volunteer of the Year award!
I just cant get you out of my head, I want to kick u out of my head, Get the Faak outta my head.
:/
I followed you!!
MUST B SLEEP
I don't exactly understand the importance of the religion of an elected official, however 16 of Am's believe Obama is Muslim.
When beautiful girls go for ugly ass guys
so bored!!!
X relatives left a/b two hours ago...and there is nothing else to do!
the house is even clean.
you MUST doctorp the Eleanor Rigby remix!
My buddy and I still talk about that since the last time you were in the Chi!
o my belly is stuffed.....I need to burp!
Thank goodness for a coke!
Maybe next time though!
: how are you guys?
thenewgirl is the only show that makes me laugh aloud.
Koi in my doctorss!
S0S S0S job/internship hunting need tips/ideas
congrats!
what an awesome year
Oh ard , i gotta come bye one day And yea i do :p
that pass by Rodgers looked a little Farvesque...meaning wanted to get credit for 14 not just 7
Unquestionably awesome.
RT The Mariners will take the field tonight to a Beastie Boys song in remembrance of MCA.
I heard that.
That's the way to do it.
I enjoyed KrisyKreme's twice!
I'm good for 6 months.
It's so sweet it burned!
Winn Dixie Sold for 560 million and Jacksonville Jags Sold For 765 million Really nfood cost went down
I read lots of English stuff/ listen to the BBC all the time.
Day/Month/Year makes so much more send.
MONEY GRUBBING ASSHOLE!
This is your life and you have the chance to make it great.
So today's Text You is I want to have the best life possible Now expect it!
Most people use being HONEST as their reason for being RUDE.
There's a difference...
Well hello!!!!
Thanks a million for the RT!
Your patronage of Williams Paint Recycling and our events is greatly appreciated!!!
SoYouLikeBadBoys RonPaul doesn't take money from lobbyists, doesn't give in to bullies, and will doctornk raw milk.
He needs a leather jacket
Sidewalk ramps must be ADA compliant.
Contact the Streets Department customer service at 2156865560 for further information.
What a masterful finale to PersonOfInterest.
I will be ready for Season 2.
AYE BOO.
How was the biology test?
Didn't study and have it soon.
I need some new followers to follow me I will follow back
Oh, LA, you looks quite lovely in grey.
whew....crazy weekend
Free shot of Powers w/ checkin  we also connected to untappd.com gotime.com.
Like us  we'll like you back
Reboots of Sommers' The Mummy and Van Helsing which are amongst several library titles the pair are reportedly planning to 'reimagine'.
You can SANG!!!
Go on, girl!!
ima go too I miss you
I'll def keep this in mind over the next 2 wks.
I think a post about how pubs and scholars define value add differently.
Im totally cursed with the dude factor.
Damn you chromosomes.
Personal pursuits excite students
haha pshhhb u being nice no im like the nicest one frm all u lame pple haha lmao u know u love my jokes girl o i still see da fly
At the end of the day, a 5th field goal doesn't cut it, game is much different if they get one touchdown...
this is ryan sko,my facebook, google and youtube accounts got hacked im making new one so be on the look out for my new account
Thanks!
Sounds good.
I'm a dick because I'll poke  you  I'm an asshole because I'll shit on your thoughts, beliefs  you, if you're into that sort of stuff.
OK Go video is so funny!
:
Run it in that thang like a crash dummy!
holy fuck!
That's a lot of coin for a VHS
Playing Firehouse 13 in Providence, RI TONIGHT!
Doors at 6, show starts at 7.
Its at 41 Central St.
GET THERE!
Just butchered my face with a dull razor...ow
Stop telling me to eat corn bread.
I wanna gain weight not cellulite.
ugh but don't worry.
That means u gon be here at around 12?
Still early!!!
Lets get doctornks too.
Lol
Steve will be emceeing at the Funny Stop in Cuyahoga Falls all wknd.
8 1030p showtimes FriSat Come on down!
is there a list of dnode middleware?
Who knew I had such cool neighbors!?
America's Most Authentic Vintage Swing Band  Glenn Crytzer and His Syncopators.
Tonight at Twins!!
The importance of outsourcing your recruiting efforts to The Emerald Agency offers many advantages.
Let's go !!!
Seth Curry  Austin Rivers looking good!!!
I am hella horny today...omg
happy birthday 7!!!hope you have a great birthday
hahahahaha dead okay 1 more time, don't blow it lol
Take a rest; a field that has rested gives a beautiful crop.
Ovid
Purplespace is sending good vibes your way.
:D
Cherish every moment you get, you might lose the best thing that has ever happened to you /3 never got to say goodbye
I'm back Teusday
To make eyes really stand out, wear and eye shadow that's opposite of your eye shade on the color spectrum.
I voted so many times
And yes...that was some
this weekend hopefully
good thing Charles Lang Freer wasn't a prick
Headed to another town hall in Garfield this a.m.
matt flynn and phiblin shall soon reunite
yeah, if you feel hungry for chocolate, that's actually your body telling you it needs iron.
Chocolate has iron, thats why
Well thanks sweetheart.
Sorry I missed ya.
BF
Anybody wanna give me 5,000 dollars to get my air conditioning fixed?
No?
Okay, see you all next winter.
Moving to Antarctica for the summer
Valid RT Aries see life as a contest, a contest they are determined to win.
The excitement of learning separates youth from old age.
As long as you're learning you're not old.
Damn it I was having a good day too and as soon as I get off the bus going home my brand new aviators went under the bus and were crushed
Watching TheMmarriage Ref on TV.
Hilarious!
Get over ur self dude
I love that show too!!!
on this boulevard
Ideating w Guy Kawasaki to get his Pinterest followers over 982!
it's a ghost town.
professor David Shakows A Concrete Shoe for Brand X?
on prior judicial decisions published in s Scholarship at Penn Law....
Don't go to the usual suspects to find your costume

You're the best!
Now time to recruit some more people :D
Glad you're enjoying the program!!
dm me your number!
I really want inside to Qin.
already asked my Facebook network...
thinking about getting a doctorid any suggestions or models to avoid?
: eat qualls 1.125 million  get him the fk outta here.
thats all he makes?
I definitely agree.
Seattle to Maui on 370,RT including Tax!!
Come see the Sunshine!
Rehearsal at 1pm...
time to make noise...
im a 17 year old girl
When one leader uses the other as his/her pawn
I'm sure you've seen weirder shit, right?
;
Welcome Julie Sweetwood
I love you BG eminem is beautiful xx
I could really see if I was on here doing my thang, but I'm not doing shit
i love you all!!!!
Surman at inplay2012  kids expect the world to be like lego combine and recombine cultural elements to make what you want
gotta big ass head lol
I'll always be one who cares about supporting the music scene so, you're welcome 
Blues at the Bluseum this Sunday starts at 1pm!
Bring a picnic or get your food and doctornks at the balloon museum!
Tix 10.
Gonna be rockin'!
A6: have multiple eyes triple checking everything.
Weekly conference calls 2 review social plan was helpful.
lies RT : of course you're a classy lady we just have look at your tweets with in the mornings lol
..most black females come across so sour and bitter sometimes
ONE DIRECTION
Thanks for the moral support at the convocation speech 
I really like BYOD because it creates a genuine convo about using tech responsibly.
People who get plastic surgery dont appreciate what God gave them
Watch out world Joyce Thomas is on Twitter.
Stay tuned for great weight loss tips.
Awaiting the call to possibly buy into another franchise.
Hoping the deal looks good!
chinese for dinner 
I need to wet my snake;
I'll be there tomorrow til monday
when i say i like someone i mean it when i say i don't like someone i still fucking mean it
Marcia Griffiths live on February 19th at the
good just getting off
you both look beautiful
Thanks for the RT, Ann.
And great to meet you F2F finally last week!
If you don't like me I'm cool with that, just don't pretend that you do......
Maybe in another life, when we are both cats.
Name the movie...
?
965421005 is the order number and 648341550 is the case number  please help
Guys go crazy over a girl's smile
tweettweet racer lady ;
editing the first PhillydoctorwAThon Blog, should be up on our youtube account later tonight.
NP: Someone To Love You :
Last time I was in Los Angeles the stlcards won the worldseries.
Just sayin.
Book outline done...one step closer to pissing off everybody I know by publishing stuff.
Woot!!!
Im gonna go home and take a long ass nap
I followed!
Everytime I hear paradise I get all into it lol
Your posts are always so good, but this one is extra good.
Thanks for doing what you do :
The only guy you need on life, is the one that proves that he needs you in his
Ouch.
Speedy recovery wishes!
RT : I will miss everyone tomorrow.
Markis leads worship and brings the word.
Don't miss it.
Bring someone with...
: Thank you, James!
Djokovic takes Sony Ericsson Open title
hahaha I tried.
I tried.
Fight Week/Vlog Week!!
What American literature decidedly needs at the moment is color.
music.
gusto.
the free expression of gay or desperate moods.
Albert Barnes
the gym is pretty vacant.
I think people are fearing post Mardi Gras burpees.
We Are Starting To Plan The 3rd Annual Top of the Hops Beer Fest in C'ville In September!
Stay Tuned.
Thank you very much!!
I second that motion.
imma sucker for an accent.
lolz :P Will dm ya when I get to work.
My yoga teacher had a handlebar mustache.
I have mixed feelings about this.
Definitely reminiscent of a creepy carnival man.
EVER SO TEMPTING.
Which one is this?
It's not the one by your house, right?
thanks for reading them!
mysuperpower I wish I could play every song ever made.
Just by hearing it.
This squad is NOT a 3 or a 4 seed imho
Team Bohl's quarterback is in Tulsa till Saturday.
Hoping I can score a few touchdowns by myself.
Why am I hearing random thunder outside?
playoffs, is Morey a genius?
Meeting with today!
key to retaining gen x/y libns so that ur succession plan can work is 2 make sure they feel heard  hve developmnt opps
the Cure is much more depressing, hell 1/2 of Tool's songs are about anal sex lol what's depressing about that!
Haha
CANT FOCUS ON PSYCHOLOGY NOW...WILL COMPLETE IT TOMORROW
night.
stomach hurtss.
Hour 2 of the show is underway!
Sekou Smith of Hang Time Blog on NBA.com will join Troy at 1130 to talk Playoff Hoops.
Ugh niggas make me sick
places you can get fined, jailed, or worse just for holding hands
Actually, I think Montgomery County, MD's eval should nation's model.
No offense to MA.
Hey.
Whats up?
.
it has been in the ICU since the accident, i'm pulling the plug and putting it in an alley.
Hiding in the subways for sure
whats you and brianas video called?
Lol, I know u ain't just say freaky uh oh let's talk about Breee!!
what else could you ask for
Talking about Einstein at 1:34am is a great idea.
Einstein is the man.
90210 is such a great show.
Full of
LMAO ASSHOLE I NEVER WROTE THAT  RT : It feels so good RT: I want to do that!
RT : I was
some women are too stubborn and bullheaded to know whats good for them....dont trick it off buddy!
my twitter unfollowed wtf is it playing at.
Social Construct is a firm dedicated to planning events with character, whether clients are offbeat  quirky or refined  traditional.
Going to to study and doctornk Tangerine Ginger tea, my absolute favorite doctornk right now!
I once worked with a guy for three years and never learned his name.
Best friend I ever had.
We still never talk sometimes
will you tweet any good updates for us unlucky ones still w/o a stream?
Please and thank you!
Catch up on the weekend headlines as well as BREAKING NEWS this morning on NBC San Diego.
We're less than 5 minutes out!
: YOU'LL GET ONLINE WHEN WE SAY YOU'LL GET ONLINE :
Burt Kalisky, Verisign, GlobalINET InternetSociety meeting.
Interesting discussion of how soon will robots not humans run the Net?
Alright you have to be dumb to volunteer for this but its kinda awesome...
Your moms will love us, trust me.
You can not complain about rain California, the other day I had to deal with frozen fog.
Two weeks prior?
Four inches of snow!
Cry babies.
see that why i dont want to go to jail because some doods gonna turn into something crazy
ThatAintCool if you think your better than everybody else
yes, how did MLB approve it?
It's so goofy!!!
Dang we having power outages
Hot guys at the gym make running six miles totally worth it
Can you please sing for your fans?
Pretty pretty please :
no problem so how are u
Those are the best kind of week!
:
warranty is up :/
Shellac nails  where have you been all my life?
3
Demi allegedly went to a divorce attorney but she  Ashton also went camping last weekend.
Sounds a lot like Brad  Jen.
loving the brisk fall air.
how could you not be happy on a day like today?
See?
Not funny at all.
Sorry :
RT : Tacos may solve everything.
10 more days until
good morning
The EPAs Renovate, Repair and Painting Rule, otherwise known as the lead paint law, is now in effect!
Be informed on how it affects you!
A woman asks if this is the train to Sea World.
There is no train directly to Sea World, I say,  her child cries.
Are you living in Chicago?
Congratulations to NBA champion Dallas Mavericks!
JKidd and Dirk finally have the ring that they deserve!
Haha great quote!
RT Beer, now cheaper than gas, so doctorNK, don't doctorve!
Quote of the Day
The girl kicked me to the stomach...with a few more punches it was a tie but they awarded her another point.
I took 2nd but the poor gir ...
y'all tryin to figure out the me tweet/?
so true!
wish we were together nomming pork BBQ :
Maybe we have a lot of friends in different states and countries who love to fangirl :P
Hop Off Le Penis
LOL.
That looks terrible!
Of course it is something I want to watch.
Thanks for pointing it out.
:
Mention u follow us on twitter and recieve 10 off your dinner or a free dessert
I better see you!
haha ,well for what its worth you look better than his wife lmao..
Who is your help in time of need??
The Great I Am!
The King of kings!
The Lord of lords!!!
C'mon 6am....my freaking eyes are doctor as hell and burning ;
Thanks for the follow !
I'll mess with those...
They are super clean!
Scared much :D
Message to the young cats: never get braces as a grown man.
Truer words were never snarled, my man.
The crazier the concept, the more enticing the game, if designed properly.
I had the laugh of the day today before the Honors Society Induction.
hell yeah finally
Hey Hon what is doing???
I would like to network with used equipment dealers...printing press and converting equipment.
Email me your contact info:
Out psycheout.
Peace out!
ugh oh I'm scared hah
U right!
His numbers r better then Favre Brady Manning Marino Kelly Star Montana at this point!!
Hes the best ever!!
why take Tannehill this year when youre gonna be in position to doctorft Matt Barkley with the 1 pick next year?
I disagree, learning should be part of your work.
Learning is like rowing upstream...
The most wonderful time of the yrRT :Friendsmas with and Finally starting to feel like the Holidays!!!!
is absolutly beautiful inside and out and its almost impossible not to love her to death
Are you a wiz w/ graphics?
Do you understand video production?
Do you know how to produce graphics for TV?
If so, reach out.
Awesome job!
Good point
Glad you liked the foie!
TBD when 9000 quad will return; just went thru 2 kegs, so time to rotate.
Will announce when it's back.
Movie trending now in LA, CA : The Roommate
I'm gonna do it this year!
RIP Duck Dunn.
MGs/Stax bass player on some of the grooviest soul and blues songs of all time.
From Otis Redding to Aretha to The Blues Bros
having fun!
Happy bday !
Unintended result of gaming in museums: teaching 21Century skills  museum literacy
Lucky you!
Sleep on the flight!:
just went to a raiders ggame with my dad.
so much fun.lol those chargers were really mean to me though
apples and nutella
If you're out by city hall for the next hour stop by and get some hot chocolate from the Biz Kid
In flagstaff so about 4 more hours to Vegas
foundations students, have you stopped by Pizza Shuttle to see our Andy Warhol cow?
I found an excellent place in Calgary called Seoul that you should try sometime.
Some things are better left unsaid.
I know my heart was broken when he told me that but I'm just going to get me another card so I build up
Watching the episode of Happily Divorced that I missed last night.
I tend to miss things on tv.
This is what the internet was made for!
Thanks!
It's an awesome class.
Getting the game play all laid out for music festivals  of course SXSW 2012!
Hi.
How ya doin.
I'd like to tawk to you.
But you don't ever talk back.
Oh, and everything you do is adorable.
So tell Her to back off.
We're trying to raise 100 for the WWF ...
10 cents for every new follower of this week!
Please RT!
tigers and Rays.
Both 30.
10 tickets.
You really should be here.
so awesome!!
Are you going to attend SYTYCDX, Vegas?!
fuck Three Rivers
Give the gift that keeps giving.
Genealogy, learn how to start tracing your families past.
front of stadium ny statue of Billy
I manufacture you hoes , put on your makeup bitch
NEVER!!!!!!
We can agree to disagree, and that's all!
Realtalk RT : ADMIT YOU WERE WRONG, KEVIN !!!!!
classic track.
I Put Some Money On Yo Head , Yeah Thats A Paid Thought
Just live your life !
New YORK!!
American classics: opera guru, Robert Ashley, tonite  St.
Mark's Bookshop, 7pm.
Amazing night of baseball!
Wow!
I guess this is what happens when you blow up the team after you win a cup.
Yet it wouldnt be the first time my team came back from down 03
sleep sleep and more sleep..
then off to Maldives for our honeymoon :
I miss my Kreuzberg coffee shop
Damn!
It was only 2 hours ago.
:
Wow Tevez, wow.
That's a whole other level of douchebag, congrats.
VAcoeds.com is coming to SW Virginia this August.
Check out our site for updates, details, and job opporunities.
How did I miss that?
Got Bitches On them Mollies Rollin all Damn Nightt .
i would agree
trying new items at work.
I've never wanted to pound Pepto more...
is so sick of looking at content for the website  however, rocks, if you need copy check them out.
We don't make it rain, we start
Definitely RT : i bet barack obama says goddamnit, joe!
w/in the confines of his office at LEAST 1012 times a week.
Just got back from watching The Phantom Menace  yet again!
It's supposed to be in 3D.
But, aside from the titles, it looked 2D to me!
Subway for lunch makes me instantly think of ; This sub's for you!
should you do something for someone who has never done anything for you but will cause you minimal effort?
When she says sorry say so am I.
Well done!
I had a great birthday : Thanks to all the people who made it that way!
i'm slick without the lubricant
follow back please lmbo :D
X FACTOR FINALS TONIGHT
thanks!
Glad you like them.
:
Walking the dog while sweet husband makes breakfast.
More pretty art modeling this afternoon thanks to Life is pretty rad.
:
The type u doctorve a benzz real slow 4
congrants to you too, fancy pants!
Cheering for , my other hometown team, in Partially Frozen Eight contest vs.
UMassLowell.
Go Dutchmen, beat those hyphens!
following: how do you have so many followers??
I know, right!
gosh darn it, if I want to eat kids, that's my choice!
Ironically going to go home and read more articles about how latina lawyers tend to feel isolated: attempting to meet both professorssional and
Amazing company.
RT great to be sponsoring event today.
We're aiming to hire 20 more in the next 6 months.
Why not ask to speak on Web Dev?
mkenye2012.....live on!
twitter Ball doctorp celebration, Wine  Liquor giveaways 2012 champagne toast...Models , Bottles,  much more..here
yea I had to blink a few times to tell it was Jared Leto!
happy Bunny day back atcha
it never signed me out of formspring haha thats where im tweeting from lol
i love your life
Happy birthday Jay z i love ur music and I'm a big fann and happy happy happy happy birthday too you
not a chance in hell I would sign that.
12 days until Revo San Diego!
Congratulations!
We received a similiar award from this year, and it boosted our passion.
We are so proud of you!
Having a great time with my team members at the game!
they're all over the place!
that picture you posted still has me laughing
Dcup?
Tiny?
Only in The Land Of The Giants!
Bickleys class today...
Thank you!!
We love you!!!
Why r u doctornking ketchup?
My magic meatball told me too feeling random!!!
I luv penguins 3
Your pictures are sensational!
I know...
I have a chatalohic challenge.
So many great convos, so little time!
I have about had it with Phil Woodman.
Enough.
No one wants your expired groceries.
m lucky!
3 out of 3 correct on the Slocum Memorial Quiz!
I've always found the story of the General Slocum morbidly fascinating.
Vikings look good in their purple pants!
SKOL
YAY!!!
Twitter jail can be a beast!
yeah, the intro from Careless Whisper just popped in my brain.
Urgently need German trainer to deliver business language training in Lichfield area.
Please RT if you have language contacts  thanks!
Content shouldn't be a wall of noise Dan Roam
Congratulations to the 9 graduates of the FACT program!
What does doctorpa still have in store?!?
this lady just got a bowl of white rice at chipotle?
just rice...
absolutely!
Um, oh you meant upright.
Lol.
Jan, a woman with beautiful heart and spirit, Happy 46th Birthday.
Embrace and Enjoy it, u deserve it.
Much love 2 u.
unprotect your tweets fag
It's not that...
looked like you did it for work.
I wonder how time management works for creatives.
Pay by hour, pay by effort.
People that post there number on a social networks for attention 
The Weeknd at Hollywood forever....why do you have to be sold out????!!
It aint no church n the wild huh?
Well tell me who u think I write 4?
Folks wanna call this gospel rap...
nah homeboy this sacrifice
Anytime hun so what's the next concert you plan to hit?
someone grabs your hand, slaps you, and than says why are you hitting yourself makes you want to punch them and say why did I just punch you
flying F16's in Colorado this week
To what?
what the hell?
they killed aka cane on YR today.....no, please, dont go!!!
LOL I know and I've been voting every hour just about hahah I hope it works
THAT's Y we have so many Cali transplants!
Tell whoever spreading the secret ...
it's a secret!
welcome to the Patty!
Happy St.
Patty's Day!
When will you join the team?
in the bathroom: POWER PEE!!!
Ok...
I can blame you..
LOL...
just kidding
Cavs have recalled F Luke Harangody from Canton.
He'll be with the big boys for remainder of NBA season.
nigga you spelled my name wrong bro!!!
Nf : nf in ya world now follow a real nigah back baby :
ImSingleBecause I refuse to settle for all the junk out there..
I rather wait it out til the one who is perfect in my eyes comes around
Is that woman really wearing music notes on her doctorss????
Awful.
I'll take it:
Lets Go Pens.
Make the haters eat it!
so no word on the co op mode or what?
zombies?
Olde wobbly at the controls
only in your doctorams haha 3
Excellent choice!
Enjoy!
Loving the homemade banana bread my roomie made:
You can't even tell I burned myself.
My hand is red on red.
you got flashed what
I got some comments back from reviewers on a paper of mine.
Can I send the editor a Revise  Resubmit recommendation on these comments?
Today was a good day.
I got a new bookkeeping client!
As much as i want to check how you are doing, i will avaoid it!
I should stop myself!
I don't wanna know anything about you anymore!
Q.
What do you do in case of fallout?
A.
Put it back in and take shorter strokes!
Good question to ask Hopeless editor  Joshua, is voting an illusion?
Whaddya think?
scored the best deal in wireless.
If you have Tmobile or want to switch to tmob and are looking for new phones talk to Jess on Eagle Road
Really?
modonna?
thats the best you can do nfl?
Mardi gras event is finally here.
Tonight 9pm Ida noyes hall.
Comes get your fortune told and eat free food while listening to lovely music!
:O holy mother of god
stop talking about Geraldo and Newt.
They are distractions.
Keep talking about
hi: yes I'm here at fondue area
shut up
he is jealous
What moves you?
Celebrate this love!
3 3 3
if Pootie Tang had a larger vocabulary, he'd definitely say: dontlebronme.
Banging your head against a wall uses an average of 150 calories an hour
Hey all you vampire diaries fans a new episode is on tonight at 8
Only bros know how to turn around a shitty week.
Listening to Russ streiner, co producer of night of the living dead at film industry panel for allegheny county bar association
Up way too early like a kid on Xmas day.
Downtown and ready to race!
My friend Jeannie just told me about the Bar Method.
Are you going to a class?
Either you learn enough that you want to or you have been hurt enough that you have to
I'm going to support our friends Any OpOliver supporters wanna come?
Old school nickel back :
Oh ur just bunched up wit excuses aren't u?!
Lol : and why not its not like ur gunna be tracked down
do u have a good sports blog where u take a stance on a topic?
if so, reply 2 me i'm interested in posting it on blog
House proposes raising taxes on the families of 5.5 million lowincome kids to purchase two submarines we don't need
go get one
isn't it amazing how technology can positively impact a child's life?
Love it!
UVa shoutout FTW!
Happy Founders Day!
:
Thx push RT : Happy Mothers Day!!!
I smell GNAR
So, am I wrong, or is Hawk wrong?
I thought it was Tank, not Tanks.
Following back followers now.
Having to unfollow some unfollowers to add them ...
Thank you for following!
They're Filming the movie NOW starring Justin Timberlake.
On set watching them shoot this scene.This is a action movie be sure to see it.
Wild Thursday's is jumping
How does someone text 3 or 4 people at once?
I freak out when I text 2 people at once and my phone goes off constantly.
Getting ready for my Moms surprise party : how are you?
they see me TROLLIN, they hatin'...
Caught the ending on the radio.
Glad I missed the best game of the year probably...
SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH!!!
I can't wait!!!
Why must I wait 4 and a half hours!
and then in an instant, it was on CNN.
She had passed.
I couldn't believe it.
It was so positive and then, in an instant, she was gone.
heck yea is sold!
picture of champions!
Go
Go RANGERS!!!!
Put up them antlers  get out your claw ...
word RT 90's RB was THE SHIT, current RB IS shit.
thanks for following!
MT Mondays soon?
If Twitter was a school, I would have a perfect attendance.
If Austin was a subject, my parents would be so proud of me.
Cuddled up wit my hunnie watchen BRIDESMAIDS , I can watch this movie over and over again and still laugh at it like if it was my first lol
Take a moment this morn to appreciate what you have before you set your tasks lists.
Care for what you have as well as what you want!
nobody love me like you do.
it was still fun trying to figure out what song/band I was listening to, haha :
is it on YouTube?
,  , Thanks for following!
damn I hope to marry a woman like yo momma!
I view TED as an avenue to change the world.
TED is 'Ideas worth spreading.'
good to be home with my loves AJ Nala and Ariel
it was streaming on grammy.com you missed nothing.
If colbie calliat had farted it would've been infinitely more fun.
Hope everyone is excited about a great weather weekend!
Enjoy it!
Hating,  then loving,  then hating every other day.
Lol.
iTunes quit urking me 
: lol i have been listening to constantly this past week i'm like been there done that!
See you Thursday!
for what?
u know i been good
Fear is the reason we don't take action, and anger is why we get stuck.
Remove the two, and watch how your doctorams and goals come to you.
RT : With every civil right there has to be a corresponding civil obligation.
Edison Haines
RT : Do not approach me when my headphones are on.
This means you, waiting to make your move.
I SEE YOU.
funny and appropriate.
AND IM ROCKIN MY KSWISS TODAY!!!!
New website almost done also!
Music clips, show dates and locations, bio and media  much more!
take a picture of the actual burgerI want to see what it looks like :
doing it right now as we speak
3 bowls of peach yoplait yogurt paid off, the show was awesome!
Everythings PEACHY
Lol your face :
Passed right by my old friend's house....
Enjoyed La Carcacha by Selena on Pandora
get to create some live background vocal charts today...
Folgers, do thy work!
follow me please 
I love threatening text messages
Get Austin Mahone Verified 3 tweet it too me and ill RT it!
:
A month and you still don't know how to use it???
Ha!!!
Sad night for Lakers fans...lol.
As opposed to the usual tech startup route: coders who learn to market by night!
Brought the nieces to a short film shoot so they can see how we roll in LA.
Now they don't wanna leave.
: I recommend the jidori chicken torta at It has gravitas.
A torta to be reckoned with.
i want be your dog sitter :DD i love you, send to zayn a hug from me please :DD follow and retweet please
Great photo!
Do u have more?!
Good morning!
Hit up Nine Fine Irishmen  Blackjack at with Didn't get to doctornkandschmooze with this time.
Next week!
I hope my neighbors enjoyed that.
Thanks for the retweet!
hot start?
6 of 1st 8 games are vs playoff teams?
I think that after uploading the video, could not stand my brother laugh!!
lol...hahahahahahaha WTF!!
Going to hunger games myself tonight.
So much hype around this movie its time to check it out!
Thanks for the follow !
:
Heading to chitown...
too cute such cuties
I really hate everyone except for
what pickle?
Haha
down to snuggle?
IMBLASTED haha everyone get it trendning girls and guys come on get it trending
At olive garden with the most amazing birthday girl ever!
I AM JUST SEEING THIS AND WTF I HEARD ABOUT THAT!
Ugh so lucky even to have an awkward moment with her!
GoodBye Gato!!:x
SocialMediaTip always be truthful
Thanks for the RT!
Anyone from Philly that doesnt think we are the most brutal fans in the world...is obviously not from Philly really
Local players competing for Canadian floorball team in Slovakia
AUNEPAD How can be best report on NEPAD?
asks professorRichard Mkandawire Head Partnerships, Resource mobilisation and communication, nepad
in LA
Just have her vacuum around you.
My brother almost got suspended
yay gonna beg verizon for a new phone in exchange for the same phone, not working cause I broke mine
TALK TO ME oMFg
I accidentally switched to the new twitter..
now I'm stuck on it.
Mofo.
Thanks for shout out!
:
looking forward to playing with you in Sheffield.
I been singing I told the storm all day.
LET GO of whatever makes you stop!!!!!!!
Don't get your hopes up, reception is spotty at best...
do tell
The strong shall over come all!!
but really LOL
I avoid shopping on Black Friday like the Black Plague.
good move  it's painful.
I had to walk away from the coverage.
Moth Complex songs Swarm, Feel Alive  Carbon feature in the upcoming movie Nightmare Box which just shot in London :
I love it.
I try to maintain a health balance between the two.
Come now guys let's give some credit to AMZN stock back in 97 it did great
haha you're so crazy Evan;
You're welcome!
Keep up the great DIYs!
Strawberry/banana smoothie with protein powder.
can't beat it.
what site ?
I got roman candles, a pissed off opossum and revenge in my heart.
Nothing feels as good as being a mom.
I love it.
I do that also.
I may get foreign edition covers as well if I like them.
thestruggle in these hallways
hahah I guess I'm just unlucky!
So my Twitter Account was hacked...
Had to change password..
UUHHH!
We're giving away tickets in the western burbs tomorrow to the advance screening of MenInBlack3 on May 23.
Stay tuned.
.'s virtual Republican convention really ought to look more like the Imperial Senate
People shot me with guns and arrows..
And I didn't die OR wake up.
Happy Birthday !
tipped me off :
why you watching them outta order?
Yawn.
You fucktards are boring.
Piss off.
I got a game to
Congrats to BP30 getting taken by the Ravens I'm round 3 of the NFLdoctorft templepride templetuff good luck down there to Bernard Pierce!
I'm sensing an A
Watching CAHA Tier 1 State Finals in Lakewood,CA
Who's waiting for HowardStern tonight?
I can't lie I am, should be funny LOL
u look awesome today
HowAboutWe; do what really makes us happy?
i like how i can understand that in spanish when you tweet it:
And they're still showing Titanic 3D at my theater of choice.
Three times a day!
Sweet Jayzus.
WILL YOU PLEASE COME TO PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA ON YOUR TOUR!?
and as she held her baby close, she realized that she needed nothing more than her touch and smile...just the two of them alone.....
Im ready for vacation to be over, but not ready to go back to class...
BERKLEEONAMONDAYMORNING 
A country can be judged by the quality of its proverbs.
Proverb
Contemporary Event starts today!
Select styles in Men's and Women's premium denim brands for only 59.97!
Touchdown in PasoRobles for a weekend of winery visits
All I ever wanted/ All I ever needed is here in my arms/ Words are very unnecessary/ They can only do harm....
Enjoy the silence......
Had a great session for yesterday.
Ferber, Gold,  Allen were awesome.
Brorby's studio is killer.
Gonna be a great record!
Your support means the WORLD to the student you mentor and to us, !
Joe Hite is on the keys tonight.
you show come learn how to flip at my gym in Miami.
and Parkour Academy
Got your request for a free QR code.
If you did not get 2 emails from me, check your spam folder!
:D
: Call Me Crazy but I loved points too much to miss free throws lmao I wanted to shoot every tech...
lol we kno
I love bassnectar.
A history nerd, proudly!
RT : Everyone who retweeted that last bit, or answered I don't think so!
is a nerd.
hello there to you!
Celebrate new year's eveeve with us tonight!
We have live music and ....beer!
Thanks for the love and wish ya were here!
Ryan says hello from
Some people want it 2happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happenM Jordan Championship game 2night!
we do but....
I am not suppose to interrupt..
lol
Ya is the man.
I've been listening to a lot of NFG Pandora lately and ATL comes up every other song
I agree.
Justin has an eye for sure RT : Job very well done and for the
it's OK ben
You're amazing!
I got a spot in the hang out  are you participating too?
Amy Lee is General Lee's cousin, untrue story.
Plus she's hot and whiny.
The administration KNOWS what Paterno will say  how it will devastate the University There is NO excuse 4 any if this activity
If I make it to Texas for the Marquez fight I need to get me a GodSpeed shirt.
Been trying hard as hell to get one!
Last question!
Question 5: What company based in Lutz makes awesome Flight Simulators?
THATS EXACTLY WHAT IM SAYING, you either have the killer instinct or you dont

April Fools!
tweets photo of him wearing a bald cap ;
it makes me not want to get an industrial omfg.
It will learn.
Just give it time.
Shut up.
I was talking to me.
Blend would imply several synthetic cannibinoids.
What about the detergents, binders, psychoactive compounds?
tweet tweet, haha i just tweeted
I think imma just order alot of stuff that I need.
USE THIS COUPON for 39.99; full discount off 97 min Battleof Atlanta Vid; go to www.xwarrior.tv; type boa3999 at checkout!
Enjoy!
rbs6nations I reckon Italy could take this one
that's blonde?
Finally changing up the professorle pic...
giving Fremont some digital love.
Los said mommy that a ugly green shirt u have on change it it's too littlelmao
If you are in the airport there is no need to wear your sunglasses.
Especially if they are 5 dollars, they don't help your appearance.
i know ugh i don't even wanna start watching it without elliot he's so beautiful :
cxo I think we may have some significantly different views of wow
Concerning?
Reviews???
'And I've never bathed in yogurt...'
Platypus Diversity  Action By Choice, Not By Necessity
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
Thomas a Kempis
Step Brothers gets better every time I watch it.
It's good to break from work and have a lot of hard laughs.
no: lol who's it by?
i'll look it up..
Which one are you?
187 miles till LA
Sleep on me if u wanna take a dirt nap!!
I don't necessarily believe in family over everything.
Blood can be just as useless as water.
Anybody is capable of fucking you over
I know right!!
Gotta change that
Thank you.
I'm excited  humbled by your statement.
RT : u r most welcome.
I am inspired by how you started to give.
Order sent to Carly in IA!
So pumped to play in the octocatinvitational.
Our team looks mean as fuuuuuuuuu...
:
we wish!
We will have music just on fb just for you :
oh really?
sittin' next to some bitch ass nigga
...and C only concerns itself with text  not movies, not music
watz good ma
Job hunting and now I'm tired.
If you're always a victim because your wife says so, you need to turn in your mancard.
Skipping school for the rest of the week.
Going to London tonight to go see Justin Bieber with my 3 best friends :
well then: Good Luck  Good Luck  Good Luck
Im not feeling good, but The Weeknd will help
was a blast last night hope we make it ti round two and good luck to the kther great bands
Long day.
Ahh the smell of burning hair in the morning.
oh thanks!
who cares?
I really hope so.
Good luck to your team.
Guy in the band before us smashed a guitar.
Too bad he was a giant fuckface and his band sucked.
Connecting with the ultimate source of love is possible through discovering the hidden power in your heart.
Beautiful day in San Diego!
If I type a bunch of fbombs in a row, will I feel better?
Or should I just turn off the Brewers and go to bed?
:
That moment when you want to sucker punch the girl next to you cause you know their cheating off you
Alex has been asleep for 13 hours, that is gonna be one energetic kid today!
where will you be around 9:30am?
They didn't even put up a fight.
Thanks for the RT.
I like your web page.
The graphic design of each view of the woman is awesome.
Take care.
are you taking reservations for Mother's Day Sunday brunch?
also, your voice mailbox is full.
thanks!
Peaceful Day from Landons Portable Medical Records!
Heading to SF for MPINCC !!
Can't wait to see everyone !
San Diego CVB will be in booth 419, Stop by !!
I play I spy on college campuses.
Time to duck and cover!
Wait to smoke outside till all the bullets fall back to ground!
loved it!
Showed all my friends here in the USA :
Planning the first annual Chicago Quiet Night house concert with ...stay tuned!
I think that I seriously have a crush on
Just read your interview with Filner.
Nicely done under the circumstances of a conducting it in a moving vehicle!
very well than.
Owl City is so friggin' awesome,it's not even funny!
;
ugh, please shout me out punk?
: lol
MARKETING MEMORIES Corporate  Private Events  Bar/Bat Mitzvahs  Event Coordination  Event Management  Guerilla Marketing  Consulting
hoping kristin wiig wins for best screenplay for bridesmaids
come spend some time in Los Angeles.
We do endlessly circling lowflying police choppers better than anyone.
Is this Barbra Walters on 60 min??
I need a purple kango i lost mine ugh!
but it is said we are without excuse when it comes to believing God.
Look around.
How can anyone say there isn't a God?
Hanging out on our boat with morning coffee is the best.
Besides working its my favorite.
I Love 3
Kunitz, Cooke, and Staal!!!!
Let's Go Pens!
Happy Tuesday, Ready to build community and care from the heart.
letseducate 
Thanks for having us
we had a burger today, but no brew!!
Cataloging folks what is a good wiki option for cat dept with folks of varying tech skill levels?
Has anyone implemented one?
At the dentist....blah
Tweeters don't have to say Juuusstt Kiiddiinngg after their tweets...
People already assume it
GoWildcats RT : how's murray st.
doing these days?
Huh?
Yeah, me neither.
: You are better off!
You're strong don't let him break you down!
This gooey rice that my mom and sis prefer...
Ew.
hahah thx I'm trying to comeover today if u wanna hang
u both realize Jordache and Bongo totally match, right??
I just 3 Wisconsin...
So cool!!!
Thanks so much for playing my music!
I touch the sky, get the clouds out my fingernails.
Know your audience and customize the presentation to their needs.
True for all training mediums.
Wintry roads are said to be slicker than otter snot.
Spring yet?
Get a jump start by calling ur NM Pella Fella to take advantage of the new sale.
40 off installation.
Call Jeff 9186339
I am really, no longer a club/party goer gheeshhhhh.
It's like I have no urge to go clubbing anymore.
From 1821...
Those were my party yrs
Thanks!
Lets be honest our students rock!
I hope I'm not to old for camp  that GINORMOUS Water slide!
There is nothing in which people more betray their character than in what they laugh at.
Goethe
I'm just trying to use Twitter for good, not for evil.
Swear, if one more guy says ''I love you'' within the next month
So last night we were on the subway,so we started talking about how do strippers hang on the pole.
And me no upper body strength Lmao
Q: Can u follow me plz plz plzzz im beggin for murcy haah anyway I luv u and i never been to any of ur concerts and PeaceLuv3
305Love all day
iight.
remind me to do that in the morning
YouKnowItsRealWhen you smile at every text they send you 3
My pleasure.
That's the problem with TCOT.
We have work and families which take priority
You try to be nice  bitches fuck you over.
They gonna see the real bitch act a damn fool.
Ima be that bitch you hate 2day.
Dear god.
I got it alright...
I can't even think straight right now.
seniorshealth, OAA is crucial to senior health.
Is Obama committed to advocating for OAA reauthorization ?
Why can't Colin Firth host the oscars?
: Who did Hortford play for in college?
gators
yes please.
So nice to catch up!
Do you do spokenword or sing karaoke?
Come show us what you got TONIGHT  iLounge  1287 D Glenwood Ave  7pm10pm.
Free parking  hookah
the jam
Thanks for including me in your daily.
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.Denis Waitley
Impressed seeing our disaster recovery plan in action last night.
Way to go, Ops team!
Oh, just wait!
Ok ROC when did the Orange Julius store leave ?
More then 5 years ago right?
It was great meeting you on Friday, Sarah!!
Good luck with your training for the Ironman!
I love you and your husband service!!!
Moved to NC a few months ago and was looking for a home, I think I found it with WSF!!
Argh!!!
I put sunscreen lotion in my hair instead of mousse  it's too early for a Sunday!
;P
I more mean, Who can get the most signups!!!
types of contests.
Uh isn't that our jobs ;
killin it tonight!
Already starting that delicate dance where we attempt to camp NOWHERE near these idiots in front of us....
WOW!!
have you seen who's ahead in votes for the restaurant makeover?
Just made it back from our last Missouri show night of the tourthe cat pee did not defeat us.
omg, what is this?
hahahaha.
and ASKJHASKJA TONIGHTS EPISODE I FKN CANT.
We just got them posted...tell your friends to vote for you!!
hahshahaha I have 4 of his movies hahaha!
Those movies are just took much!!!
Now I know what white trash feels like everyday.
I had to climb into a dumpster, today.
NOT THAT I'M JUDGING THAT OR ANYTHING.
The played like crap yesterday but at least there was an awesome new Restaurant Impossible last night.
Thanks
my only problem is i got TOO MANY ideas for this arm so i never know what i really want
you really need to come visit me with mom and dad cause
Some things have just never happened to me before.
It makes me wonder smh
I really need ppl to add me on Oovoo!
How will I ever learn it?
Get at me...dutchessceo1
Open today  tomorrow 10 am  4 pm for tours  kids activities.
Beautiful plants for sale in our Garden Shop!
Gas is so expensive in California.
This is nuts.
Told my parents to get a Prius 3 years ago and they laughed.
Justin made the show.
Lol well it aint my fault he's annoying  not my type Hahaha.
LET'S GO CLIPPERS!!!
LETS GO CLIPPERS!!!
LETS GO CLIPPERS!!!
RiseUp jonnytee Friday Night June 5th King of BBW Night Clubs
what is we went the opposite direction on OneUppedBands ?
Novemberists, Lukewarmplay Silverfrapp, Sports Talk Radiohead
Sometimes the only one who can appreciate you, is you.
You have your own man and your own little family so why you steady blowing up my dude?
That's right, you're a whore.
Kick rocks bitch

I did they didn't think it was as funny as I did lmao
Brrr!!!!
It's getting colder!
Have you bought a new coat yet?
RT if you have!
There are no boundaries
OMG I would love it if he did.
That would make the happiest girl in the world!
:
Happy Blueberry Pie Day!
Yum my fave:
The word DIET does not necessarily mean eating less or eating things that do not taste good.
DIET is how you eat.
Guest from Burgatory are featured on today's show!
That means MILKSHAKES and BURGERS are featured on today's show!
Stay tuned!!
heyy there stranger how have you been?
thank you so much for following 
Cannot wait for at and to catch up with tonight!
Just what I need on this hump day.
Not enough Ellie Goulding in my life.
Skrillex means to smell really, really bad in armenian
Maybe me ?
Please 
Happy mothers day
Man is a real ass nigga he said he was ready to cock back on Bubba...lmfao
It's the SundayMorningHangover on Talking Playoffs, doctorft and Mark Lyons and recruiting with
are you sue?
my jello shots are pretty damn hard to pass up :P
Teach me how ta dougie :D
Looking for strength...long day working and worrying about Dad.
Another stay at the VA hope to know more soon.
haha well no matter how you found out, I'm glad u did!
I'll hit u up when I'm in Lawrence!
I love you nose, even though we never see eachother!
Miss'n all of you!
Dance Class next week!
Just wrapped up TT with the elementary crew..
Rainy days definitely have an effect on the overall mood props to all teachers
not much, Im bored how bout u?
SANTORUM BEFORE'UM!!!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
So thankful for everyone in my life right now!
U all rock my world!
Friday  Fun Day.
Working on projects!
New Golf Website coming soon  and Troy Bassham has written a book, waiting on quotes for printing!
I am horrible with money Dx
Do you know your family's history?
A friend recently learned his older cousin was imprisoned in Dachau for resisting the Nazis....
I will consider this US Open Cup experiment a success if I can pull 30 people to the match.
Start small I figure
I'll text you.
A Badge of Courage makes a beautiful tree ornament and helps out a woman with breast cancer.
Donate today!...
I changed all my passwords to incorrect, that way my computer just tells me when I forget.
Ha!
I love when people I've never met remember me.
you'd be too busy playing with yourself
Thanks for the tip.
I'm looking forward to it
RT : Sea post clerk was considered a prestigious assignment.
Titanic had 5 clerks, including Oscar Scott Woody.
We ate  a Ali Baba last week for the first time  loved it!
I believe I'm in danger of becoming a good man
Jrhighers who are in a relationship you cant stand to be away from them?
Wait until you are older  actually have an idea of what love is
congrats  :D
New behavioral attribute I am looking for more in topnotch eyecare job applicants is Patience.
PatienceComplimentsMore New Patients.
i bet you would,be one sexy llama ;
You're so obnoxious
what's eversave?
Creativity is a doctorg I cannot live without.Cecil B.
DeMille
Wow.
You've never seemed that happy when you're working.
:
Still tired
can you please follow miss mimi pink please:?
Join MLK Choir tonight at 8pm at Balboa Park's Spreckles Organ Pavilion to ring in the holiday season at December Nights!
Let her.
She don't know what's up.
RT : Oh shit.
Swizz is talking shit!
Like, ALWAYS!
You guys have absolutely no idea how much I'm looking forward to sitting on the couch tonight.
No freaking idea.
around here the cats have more say in what furniture goes where than I do!
No pulse
Well, what do you like?
Melodoctorma, romance, comedy, doctorma?
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they dont have any.
Thank you!
Tomorrow's almost here, get your sweetheart a gift certificate today!
We have delicious Dark Chocolate facial that won't go to your thighs.

No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
Sam Rayburn
4famouswords that's what she said
Hey check your
thanks ma 3
loved your article on Pilot season.
Browsing w myy new Nook Color which is also an andoctorid tablet.
Pretty cool!
Yogi likes it!
one week experiment: trying to create twitter addiction.
can you handle it?
will you care?
this twitter thing is gonna take a while to get used to.
Yes, yes, yes!
Don't fall for the latest fad diet.
Eat a healthy diet w/ lean proteins, fresh fruits  veges  healthy whole grains.
Consistency's the key!
And all in eastern  central time!
:
that's a good thing then,you'll be remembered when/if he blows : that's a plus
That's what I said!
They trippin.
Lol!
RT : A new season of ABDC started and no one told me?
Smh
Good looking out, much love!!
The dang power's out...I want my ceiling fan on :/
loll I have the same name as u!
RandomTweet my full name is eliana lmaoo
lol why do you need an excuse?
Hey there, girlie!
Zito vs.
Zambrano tonight Giants Marlins let's go fish.
Suck it

congrats on your graduation!
i didnt leave, twitter spazzed out.
Almost equal is not good enough ...
well said Tanya
omgg it really does
Ive loved for a while.
Good service, affordable, carbon neutral.
don't get lost on the way back to Wisconsin.
Good luck
Did your yellow friends help make this tweet?
cody who's the person you go to for dating advice?
PlansForTheSummer     DominicanRepublic  go visit a friend from Jamaica that I used to go to college with
Well 2 would be later this week...so let's hope it's 2.
4 would probably be lottery.
been chillin on my way to work
I hope kobe breaks his ankles...
Lol
love your bio.
isn't everyone just tryin to look cool in raybans.
haha
What happened today???
friday 13th
Wow  doctorse doctorining that long 3.
I need someone to buy me a ipad today and I'll pay them back on June 31st.
thanks for the RT today!
Apparently Carmageddon 2 is coming in the near future!
very sad.
First tape I ever had was license to ill
Thank you for the RT!
woftreats good advice
let a Mexican do it : Gettin an oil change today just cause....
It feels like Spring is in the air today..
because we are open today with our new Spring hours!
World Peace with the nice cheap elbow to the chin lol

well way to go Astros!
any team that beats the Mets is okay :  hope there are some good games against the Cards 
Im so leavin this house
We're locked in for sounddiego live w/ !
VIP hour presented by
Gosh I love shopping.
I've been shopping online all weekend.
22 of physicians have an iPad
Keep it Moving; yeah yeah, to the K.I.M
My polo!!!
naw twitter doin some bullshit..when are you bringing your music thru?
Working on my next doctorm cover which will be Never Dead by Megadeth.
This is a track off their upcoming new album.
Awesome song!
Can u please follow me back!!!!
:
Just got a complaint about a story I wrote for almost 12 years ago.
My cab doctorver just exchanged cabbie gang signs with another cab doctorver.
bday celebration w/muh family:
FRIDAY NIGHTS BELONG TO RITZ2 x1
RT : I exist as I am, that is enoughWalt Whitman
Thanks for coming out.
It was a great time and look forward to you being at the next one!
Boulderbound bus now back in Broomfield.
US36 closed apparently.
Well, now we're back on 36.
Thanks 4 following me Karina !
I am following U as well, nice to meet you here on Twitter
Putting in that werk...
Thank goodness for America airing old episodes of  just the right amount of LOL moments to relax us
ALEX IS AMAZING NEEDS TO GO HIGHER!!
Email, mobile  socialmedia go handinhand.
Optimizing your email for mobile  social can give your business 42 growth in email  social.
need more fans/followers?
follow me  tweet me and I'll be happy to help.
I have over 9K followers : 
i guess we not talking tonight ;/
Only 16 more days to Fashion's Night Out!!
Stay tuned to all the latest news and events www.fashionsnightout.com and follow
BC u have guilty feet  got no rythm
I love The Real Housewives but I can't deal with these OC bitches, not a one of them.
holy crap.
Ew.
A thankyou to the panelists, and we're done!
Ready for FF  great peeps to follow
hey nick can you follow me please man
thanks so much for the great article!
Schools almost over  I get a huge pimple.
Great 
birthday pizza at ellas
It's disgusting to see 1st Growth Bordeaux on wine menu that's 5 yrs old, selling for huge , but should not be doctornk for 15 yrs!
it was on disney jr.
nah cuz I live in midtown
Instore special all this week  socks, books and accessories are BUY ONE, GET ONE FREE through Sat 12/10.
Perfect stocking stuffers!
says the guy who didn't get out of district...
fun!: 1 HOUR TIL SHOWTIME!
COLORS WEEK  Wear Comedy Cafe colors FREE ADMISSION to ANY SHOW TONIGHT!
Happy Birthday to You!!
The smile on face when I surprised her with sunflowers  Such a great feeling to make someone you love happy :
Please tweet us pics of the merch u hav picked up on this tour!
Would love to c the new tshirts!
:
looking forward to maxwell next year.
Bring it on ladies and b/c we all know you will be living there
AJs vs QQ...no Ace...25 of stack gone!
I thought Ed Davis made an 18 pt shot.
SVG on the ovation for free pizza at the buzzer.
Watching lightning run across the sky.
At the whaler getting some doctornks with warren
Don't worry, be happy.
: got some biz to talk bout.hit me up soon RT : hey cuzzo
Liverpool tracking AZ midfielder Elm  report
you all should throw George another party next weekend too so I can come!
:
Doing an inventory of all mine and 's DVDs.
Holy moly, we have a ton!
Successes of other cities w/ streetcars has been downplayed.
KCstreetcar  big investment.
But what does KC have to gain?
This person stopped talking to me cuz I didn't give their doctornk ass a kiss.
smh
: tahaa no promises.!
P
true that!
clear eyes.
cc:
He should know.
Here at my work....same place we did Max's bday party!
It's going to be fun!
The jeans are sizes 122 AND
If your dogs ever go missing, I recommend searching my apt...I'm not well.
And they are so ridiculously cute
Here I go, have to admit I'm totally scared.
Hey guys, be sure and check out our single Carnival on our Facebook page or at myspace.com/everglenn!
Literally DYING over all these upfront pics.
So jealous.
so sweet.
Love those dancers.
I am so, so, excited!
What's next?
TGIF and make it a double!
I heard your TXT read by www.doctorveSafe.ly.
I will get back to you soon.
Good morning to you too my friend!
:
Thanks for getting back to me.
Welcome boo!
;
Okay Friday I did miss you ...here's a big Rock Hug
All right, I've been hangin' at 799 followers for 2 days now  I can't hold my breath any longer!
Help a girl out over THAT hump, will ya?
lol I have it in my room!
It's been in the same spot for a month , lol I'm free tomorrow after practice, I'll txt you
Up at c  as about to perform
Good Morning!
Not sure what I am going to do with myself today with no football on...
Thanks to for hosting the ELIfocus learning analytics webinar!
Beautiful setup here.
My final garden zucchini and some over ripe bananas, I see a bread coming together this cool foggy morning.
.
perfect!
The came to see my show today!
he's awesome!
Wifi and fiber optics for downtown Indy: A good idea that will generate city revenue.
Do you agree?
Call in to the show now: 3177360950
no problem and thank you as well!
doctorp us a tweet anytime!
If you don't know about you're missing out!
So get to know and tell others too ;D
Today was all about good vibrations at Arrae Creative!
RT if you had a good day :D
As much as I hate him, he's a legit journalist.
I won't take that away from him.
I doctorve entirely too much.
Takes a lot of dedication and months to prepare for it.
I'm sure everything is also mind control.
yeah but then you said I'll follow you anywhere
Any promoters or marketers around Boston need an event to hype, try AABP's beerpong tournament tonight  Hennessey's!
9pm.
Msg me 4 info.
You have had too much dew I think.
Huge props to with the assist
I can't forget about that.
are you lost in the mirror ?
follow me...
Someone should shoot puck off your face.
Injury is not funny.
I think you mean word from the street walkers.
wth!
Did u say anything to them?
I am trying to break your heart
So if I'm neighbors with lots of awesomeness will be near me.
cool :D I'm not really in Kansas I live in Missouri but like I'm right on the edge so ya lol
Going to usher on Friday for a Mexican beauty pageant.
Conflicts of beauty apparently exist in every culture.
Last 2 picks have been reaches.
could've got Weeden as our 3rd pick and Schwartz with our 4th.
I've just recently become brave enough to let go of the rules that have been pounded into me over the years.
Feels good.
At least it wasn't replaced by salt...
So what did you think of the show?
Sound issues will be fixed of course but my head size will unfortunately stay that same!
That awkward smell on the elevator that makes you wanna take the stairs..
:/
Without You Apache Chief is now available on iTunes!
Go get it!
I know, right?
It's like someone shoots me with a shot of lethargy!
We're a customer of yours.
Will you tell me about the GCC search tool?
Being loud is easy, learning how to listen is hard!
Luckly I never do anything the easy way!
royals pitcher Bruce Chen's 3 runs hels given up in the 1st are the result of the ump not giving him called strikes on the corners
Friday Night PARTY!!
Come hang out with Vegas' FINEST!
Message me for FREE ADMISSION!
Open 'til 6am...
is there where you and the crew head to atlantic city and pull a casino heist?
or are you saving it for Season 3?
r.i.p.
macho man randy savage...
:
Meghan wants to hangout this weekend.
:' I'm so proud to be a part of this crazy family we call mahomies!
Haters Gonna Hate, Mahomies Gonna Love!
:'
timeshEASY is a Time and Expense solution that is 100 focused on the Staffing, Recruiting and Consulting industries.
RT : giving a shout out on air to Culinary Local 226 while on radio
some of these girls i talk to are very wierd
Come on They lost 3 times no matter how close.
SP lost to good teams and doctorpped.
We have 7 shutouts out of 8 victories.
Purple menu and Amy X performing Saturday in Oakland.
a few seats remain
There was a cricket in the office, sure there's one in my house now
I just blew out the electricity at with my funky music mix!
csu eastbay if everything pan out rite
Courtesty of:  I might not have arrived yet, but at least I left....
Saturday Night!
12/11 will be hitting It will be an awesome nights with an amazing afro peruvian dance band.
RT Contest Update: RT and Follow for your chance to win the Grand Prize: Porsche 911 Watch.
Orioles, they won't be around that long, Yankees will
If trouble is found in the likeness of her face, then my memories leave my mind bedlam...
I need a year long vacation 
awesome!
If you could just DM me their  I'll set it up.
you have my ring!
I guess you have to hangout with me now ;
I know: you don have one either:
Back from the library after 3 hours...
Call me nerd but it's one of my favorite places to go.
:
Just watched Kristen Arnold and Kile Hotchkiss in rehearsal, dancing so beautifully to my musicvery excited about upcoming premiere at LPR!
Really pulling hard for you guys!!!!!
Beat 'em!!!!!
Benedoctorl hangover.
This stuff is powerful.
i get bored quick or you just not fucking interesting
Best.Sex.Ever.
I think that's a soft porn on Cinemax.
Either way, the monastery is closed until I open that thing the f up.
welcome to twitter
my greatest wish is to wake up one morning and to see that my tub has been regrouted and recaulked.
Planks, planks , planks!!
work up to a holding a plank for a 90 seconds everyday, you'll see some results in 6 weeks
Clippers Knock off Grizzlies in Game 7
Grrr...
Saw King Clawdus once and now I can't find him anywhere.
Anybody coming across Thundercats toys?
RT: That video of the lady beating the baby  HeartLess Die
Getting used to my new phone...so many menus
He is the happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home
WAIT...does BUENAVIDA mean good living / good life?
Thanks for tweeting my story, Jon!
And look what happened to him.
RT ...LA?
That's just a parking lot where you buy a burger for the trip to SF  John Lennon
yeah that's pretty much what happened 
But 4real what is sweet water cornbread??
As happy as I am for Chuck Pagano  damn.
Another quality coach leaves the nest.
I'd like someone to steal me one of those curly blonde childoctorn on the carpet...
Childoctorn's competitive ballet  talks with director Bess Kargman about her new doc Fascinating convo coming up
Cannot wait to see the look on Owens face when he sees our movie
Actually had productive meetings today.
Who would have though it possible.
no problem :
: Rushers!
Tune into Nickelodeon NOW to see our brand new episode!
is a bully who punched me in the face and gave me a bloody nose.
rude :l
Hey sorry I fail I just found out I have something due by 4:30!
I think I'm just going to attend one tomorrow...
My money is on, the last time Costner spoke to Whitney was at The Bodyguard premiere.
I think I just may
Interviewed an author pubbed by the house I used to edit for.
So fun to talk about both sides of the bookcreation process.
I did best friend.
Did u???
Another day, another mass of braying morons to convey to their pointless destination.
thanks u too...sorry I'm so late
Also, the BurkeGilman is H.O.T.
today!
I think it's Durant time
Omg life is em em good
IfYouKnowMeWell wait...
you don't even have to know me well to know how much I love Ariana.
Texas road rage is fun to watch.
Measuring sentiment by computing minimum net paths between focal word and 400 /sentiment words in texts New version of OptiComm software.
Holy crap that was to quick
there is nothing to fear, but fear its self You apparently never met my teacher
Sad to hear that MCA of beastieboys passed away.
He was a part of hiphop's early success on radio.
Licensed To Ill still one of my favs.
That is very intriguing, thanks for the share.
No wonder no one likes Philadelphia.
They cheer when someone is hurt.
Has that hamlet been relevant since the constitutional convention?
i don't hate Jelena, but i deffinetly don't love it.
Entrepreneurs Get To Do WTF They Want!
prolly not my favorite episode
If ur the last table at a resturant get the fuck up and finish ur convo at the bar
making a run on the self esteem bank.
Lol : I Eat Her Ice Cream She Eat My Ice Cream Cone  Lil Wayne WorstRapLineEver Fucking Trash !!!!!!
I do indeed.
I won't be at Cospace today, but I'll bring 'em by tomorrow.
Cause shes bittersweet, she knocks me off of my feet, and i cant help myself, i dont want anyone else....the click five just the girl
Pok Pok NY: Living up to the hype.

great seeing you last night!!
haha, nope.
The world knows muahahaha.
; The movie did justice to the book
Really enjoying the new Kindle Fire Santa brought.
Any great books you suggest?
I honestly can't wait for revenge tonight!
It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!
Crew love
my friend sucks at aoe and wants to get better!
What do you suggest?
calendared and looking forward to it.
Running is not easy stuff.
I miss being in shape.
I miss the sound of your voice 3
fullalbum whole album Sixteen Stone now playing on stop by and turn it up.
I love my bed
Any boys going to be in Denver next week?
Up for some steamy sex??
So sorry to hear.
May be interested...
is a cruel sentence.
Can't wait 2 catch up on it all Nate!
Happy 4 u RT : Sad that I rarely tweet cuz this has been the most amazing times of my life
jus hit me too..
Join the at IN THE MIX May 17th, 2012!
COME NETWORK!
BUILD RELATIONSHIPS!
My sis keeps telling me I'm turning into a werewolf because I have been burning the fudge up since like...
all the time.
I think she's right
awww thank u!!!!
333 haha thats awesome well please tell ur friends about my stuff then!!
and maybe grab the EP P
Broncos will beat the Raiders Lakers Fans so Ha!
Thanks for the FF love!
Jus made the best salad !
I always watch it in hopes that the winner will make it up here to Saratoga in August !!
:
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Best way to reach me is nickteamtreehousecom
sir!
You're here?
Say hi:
she needs to
When the world says, Give up, Hope whispers, Try it one more time.
Yea, I know.
It's too bad that we aren't in Idaho at the correct time!
What a shame!
:
Genius of love...
Watching paper soliders
It's new service...LI was just here last week to brief us on it.
I think its launched!
Hahaha.
Maybe a nice penthouse overlooking the park?
We don't need new political candidates, damn it!we need a new system.
We need to flush the American doctoram.
For Louisville people, the Phillies are treating the Nationals like DePaul day.
Occupying stadium and expecting wins.
Man date!
Off to see The Hunger Games with
Finally changed my bio :D
everyone should follow our tweets :D
TEAMFOLLOWBACK FollowingBack teamautofollow everyone!
I need one more follower :
I could go for a margarita or some kind of tasty doctornk....
ah!
thank you!
Congrats on the webby for best magazine!
You are one of few chefs that I'd go to battle with anywhere, anytime believethat!
Yup.
Still holding out hope!
We love our stickers.
Thank you!
Idoctorthat show :
All it took was patience
thanks for coming today, hope you had fun!
Sesame street is so lame...
I'm forced to watch it with my neice...
People often take my Kindness for Weakness ;; but im threw dealing with unnecessary issues
oh, sorry.
B.
I wish I could remember how the hell I ignored people before I owned a cell phone
Thoughtoftheday: Hate, it has caused a lot of problems in the world, but has not solved one yetMaya Angelou ...
this is why i do ME!
Pledged.Excited yet terrified at the same time.
THANKS!!
If you were close enough, I'd chuck at rock at your head.
Let's do this!
RT : Join us today for HAPPY HOUR 58pm on South Beach!
Music by  Check it:...
it's ok I understand
i just want to be happy
I get home and Jodie wants to watch A Leap Frog's A Tad of Christmas Cheer.
Why me?
It is only April!
I hate you so much right now
The start the season this wkd!
Win your tix to tomorrow's gm vs.
and passes to our pregame tailgate this hr w/...
We need either less corruption or more chances to participate in it
Its Tuesday!
2.50 quartar lb All Beef, and All Beef Polish sausages!
Try it with my Garlic Jalapeno Aioli and Chipotle, Fennel Catsup
not really man, but its about something somebody did wrong.
At ...
come get some nachos!
Biggest ones you have ever seen!
Hey every body go follow shes NEEDS the followers :
I did and my syrup is from Vermont...simply the best
everything shitty always rolls my way :/
Finally getting to introduce my Chicago friend to !
At the Entry for Cave Singers.
:
apparently my mom is as old as barbie..
Bout to take it down
NFL end the lockout now.
that is all
On a celeb role today!
Spotted: Bobby Moynihan from SNL, Zoe from How I Met Your Mother, Ann Nathan  Santino Fontana from !
Because they don't die by it or depend on it.
I got up and went for a 30 minutes walk this morning.
I have been walking in the mornings for the last 3 weeks and I am addicated to it now.
here's a question for the unit, how does he get girls looking like a douche?
It's so nice outside :
not as good as your Veuve de Vino cocktail recipe!
Can I cast them or what?
I think they should hire me as casting director.
lol :
You very welcome!!
We're so happy we brought sunshine to Bayview on this rainy day!
Slangin' burgers at Brave the weather.
Get your face rocked!
Get all your NBA playoff news in 1 placewww.USSportspages.com
Resources table: institutions as resources, humans, natural resources, collaborations  true partnerships
Understanding human needs is half the job of meeting them
Yeah...
humans have been using their images of God to justify their violence.
You were so right when you said I'd been doctornkin', what was I thinkin' when I said goodnight.
All females arent bitches and all bitches arent females
at least we'll die looking cute!
we love we have a review on them!
Thanks for the shoutout
lol yea I do..
Gotta fill the sleeves in and imma add color
Felled trees, blinking traffic lights, sinkholes, etc....
tell about any earthquake casualties you see
That is fantastic!!!
We are all in trouble.
There comes a time when I'll throw my hands in the air and say fuck it, it's just getting old!
Hey ladies :
I can't take shots because of my gag reflex.
this monster's going to take a very monstrous nap.
Reading The Blessing of Declaring 'Never Again!'.
MT : Blame myself if I am persistently frustrated about the same things.
.
what about JayZ and Kanye West Present: Watch the Throne II
Sleepover with the girls!
Movie time!!
Even tho it's like 11:00am haha
America comes upon great depression, yet Americans remain stupid SuperBowl Man
MBA, which may take longer but make you more marketable.
Ima turn into a hot wing
Ugh how culd u not miss me...u
oh pinterest.
Haha, no new plugins till we upgrade our php version I'll give it another go soon
Whoever gave first place votes for Kawhi Leonard and Iman Shumpert over Kyrie Irving for Rookie of they Year needs their vote revoked.
Ready for day 3 AI!
So are we doing the dark lip again?
Saw a TON of it at the MetBall last night.
I'm scared, gurl.
STEAMED MUSSELS Maple walnut Parmesan chip 2008 Riesling, Charles Smith Kung Foo Girl , Washington 89pt
Awesome, oh wow Like totally freak me out I mean right on Toros sure are number one
With that avatar, YOU'RE disowning US?
Hello, kettle, this is pot  you are black
You will get the write up soon!
I hope all is well.
Be Blessed and thanks for your support!
After school naps 
With all of the events happening in Chicago this summer your commute may be disrupted.
Have your office prepare by downloading Visimeet.
Haha, perfect!
Let's just say it was for the first reason.
Avengers not bad
uh oh I only vaguely remember that boat ride.
Hmm should I even ask?
This a fan account.:
Thank God you are okay!
Get some rest!
Don't over do it today!
Giving thanks!
REST!!!
freaking out.
where are y'all?
If You Can Make Me Laugh Your A Keeper
haha nice!
i wish i could go to the beach.
huge hit.
Hope it breaks him out of his slump!
Go O's!
Dumanis begins by saying she's made tough decisions, and we need someone to make tough decisions in city hall.
Your smile is your best accessory Love Dove
On my way to my festival in gregmont performing in a little bit :D
DeansLIST  schools could track student behavior choices to watch for student trends.
Am I too old to write the girl I like a note that reads:Do you like me??
yes no anal?
I hope you been ok: like school so far?
When you gone be back in the city big cuz?....
I don't know if it's cause I'm used to seeing my nonexistent ass but Nicki Minaj's ass genuinely scares me
Looking forward to the working with my new medical students starting this week
Jackie Brown, first time on film.
Last seen on 28 May 2008, on DVD
living on a prayer is playing now...i may or may not show them how Badgers do it.
Dont know if they can handle this.
:
What are you doing, thinking?Talk to us!
Randy last I heard you suck dick,, you cock sucker
joined the club....
You bet!
Here's one now.
:
AskVP Joe, is it true that your going out on a comedy tour after politics?
Is becoming a rapper/DJ a white kid Canisius College things, or are white suburbanites everywhere trying to make it big?
Thanks...
my 26.2 time is 4:24...
but I'm hoping for low 4 by EOY.
I'll channel my inner Alex and finish strong.
: Prince Harry's plane has touched down in Jamaica.
All things Cannes
it should be shipped out already!
You may have to ask !
you gotta own it if you want it c;
Never mind the cash, I don't have the wardoctorbe to pull off
So much to say...
Now testifying: Carol Goss, President of Skillman Foundation
haha I didn't mind the music..
But the mouse head is a different story!
you've got my vote!
Good luck.

Thanks for the RT.
Looks like it's getting chilly where UR.
I trust you're getting your thermals out of the closet...
RT : Tornado ON GROUND around 450 South/1000 East in Montgomery county.
Near SR 75.
y u on my timeline??!!
Lol
awesome ppl of the world, you are the reason why I love my life!
Can't wait to be a daddy in only 28 days!!!!!!!
ok, Atlanta Branch NAACP.
Meetings are monthly at Nt.
Ephraim Church, usually second Thursday.
Thanks Matt!
please email song to
I feel like everyone's five when they use I'd cap that.
Hollie was really hungry, and I love her speaking and singing voices.
Honestly Phillip with those facial expressions scares me lol
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well
true even so the new stock exhaust sounds fantastic especially with the flaps open
Not Trending Yet Come on wildwesley you can do better
Woo!
Packers!
Ah..now I remember why I dislike Santorum so so much.
Rereading the creepy, twisty, funny THE WRONG MOTHER by for mystery book group
Big announcement on Recall Walker Effort from at noon today.
We'll keep you updated on both sides here at
They really aren't.
I think we max out at 4 lanes in one direction and that's only through large cities.
wishing she could twitter faster.
Maybe I'd get more work done.
Start having fun with less worries n life becomes easier.
I'm looking for love.
Real love.
Ridiculous, inconvenient, consuming, can'tlivewithouteachother love.
This is nice of puck
Tornado siren!
Better put some pants on
Lasagne in the oven.
Sick little boy on the couch.
A day I'm thankful to be able to work from home.
I absolutely think that more people should have beer summits to resolve differences.
Thankful to be with family, our abundant thanksgiving meal, and social media!
Now if only Mitt could do it.: Paul Ryan, my favorite politician, is demolishing Obama's demagogic budget speech earlier today.
where do I get one??
I guess its a chill at home day.
.
yay!
The goal of life is living in agreement with nature
Does the senior need medical care or help with everyday errands, hygiene and home care issues?
quot;Transformersquot; producer has new films in the works  Chicago Tribune
Just finished giving my doctorrun presentation on hydoctorulics.
or11 here I come!
biz a usual.
good weekend.
Jen took Mom's Day early to enjoy an all day Hair Band RockFest sans kids y'day inlaws 45th anni.
RT : Happy last day of classes to some IU students, good luck on the first day of finals to others!
team 11 cheated!
Looking for something to do?
Something2doOnATuesday is always good times.
TacosandTequila will be flowing!
Who needs sleep...apparently not this girl!!
Stevens grabs the mic.
He points out that love and friendship got Richards nothing in the end.
But his determination for gold has paid off
I can even barely read the board in English class!
okay.
;P
Well It Better Be Like That......
Haha Just Kidding
aww baby your cute ;
Whoa, Really?
Never?
Is it natural?
Lol This is some fascinating stuff here!
I'm interested!
Tell me all about it!
Then we will make it so.
I don't get it, where do you hide the liquor?
I've found bellies work best.
sniff sniff
?
RT : Who wants to teach me spanish?
I JUST GOT A TWEET LIMIT ON
Hanging with my tomahawk girls tonight!!!!
Yah yuh :
I totally remember Joe from RW Miami!
Life is full of strange coincidences.
hahaha, thank you.
Tragedy averted!
:
You as well, Dorothy!
:
Don't let your special someone go out tonight without a tan!
Come in for an airbrush tan 35 per session.
aw I hate test lol :p
Hi !
thanks 4 the RT, I am now following you , follow back please?
Damn you.
i Followed back.
nothing bout to go to bed z
I am pretty sure will sellout over Tracy's cold dead body.
:
AWESOME!
Thanks for sharing.
ready for tomorrow?!
I've now learned to trust no one, but myself.
Freaking backstabber.
how are you going to do that?
Unilateral talks w the Iranian govt?
We do have a new digital media studies program, but it looks like they only offer an undergrad major at the moment.
:
,you are my doctoram, Theres not a thing I wont do.
Ill give my life up for you, Cuz you are my doctoram.
3
You must!
You must!
are you seriously in a theater?
Lol
Watching XMen The Last Stand 3
Keep telling myself im not gunna get shity about it, when deep down i am.
Damnit, blake was right ;/
new youtube interface
Eminem lovers 'FOLLOW' this fan page...
Welcome to the club RT : I wish I was seeing Avengers tonight, instead i'm cleaning out my fridge and making plans to run away
i bet you can find it and make it ;
Watching Celebrity Apprentice
Your crazy by the way, lol
Wow  not good
Horace Grant is up their in that pantheon as well
or even just a reply.
It would honestly make my life!!!
HAHA.
Chances are they will do that for you, if I had to guess lol.
Who is excited about kylestock at 4am?
Me too!
Nice!
I'm not having nearly enough fun  I am alone  without and the rest of the nurfc staff at
thanks for following us :
I'm ready to kick some ass today.
;
Not ready for it to end..
trueblood I wana do bad things with you!
27 mins  counting :
i am em28alonso we talked when Sarah was at hospital all mg condolensces.!
Happy they were returned to you.
Sunglasses are always nice to have  a bummer to lose : LostFound
Childoctorn are the most desirable opponents at scrabble as they are both easy to beat and fun to cheat.
Warm welcome to
: The linked article Four Things Your Morning Routine Shouldn't Lack includes positive thinking.
:
In for the Kill  la roux/skrillex remix
GET READY YALL!
HERE COME BDOGG!
JANUARY 6TH IM PERFORMING AT CLUB RED  THE YUKMOUTH SHOW!!!!!
THEN IM GOING HARD  THE MLK BBQ!
: Great starting point.
Focus on whatever it is that makes u, you.
You were uniquely designed.
Find your gift!
Agree!
I just had to find a faster way to your page page so I mentioned you to get there faster by clicking your name
Such as?
7pm meet you at irving park blue line station?
where you guys hoopin today?
RT : Please RT Documentary about struggling families shows human face of Americas economic crisis...
Just got another new client:
5 more school days...
my pleasure.
It sure was an experience being in the same room as him.
The man pulls no punches whatsoever!
I haven't seen/heard of any CIAA party plans.
For those that asked, we will not be protesting or picketing.
nothing will happen unless a bunch of people report the same person :
thank you!!!
: yes I am so blessed
Wonderful.
RT : Was able to make some serious decisions this week thanks to the reflections of reverb10 /
music in the air!
thanks!
It was definitely crazy!
Ooh I like!!!
I want something like that with the slip removed to wear as a swimsuit coverup.
;
I just got a sweet job washing dishes, only thing is I have to wash the meat dishes I seriously just overheard that in a bar.
Thank you!
Do you have kids ?
We have a bunch of toys very cheap!
Some are up for auction right now!
1000AfricanWaysToDie questioning your parents
NO especially if they continue to assess state and federal income taxes!
Celebrate President's Day by enjoying some ice cream with us!
Crazy ass people at carrabba's holy hell!!!!!
I bet thats a nice lil weekend paycheck.
i hate when i have to go to school in the morning but i cry every morning bc i dont wanna go to school bc i feel like i have no friends
Awesome!
We'll see you there!
as soon as I land back at home sun, im taking a taxi to !!!
gorgeous day here in Calif!
January...but only needed a sweater today.
No coat!
Yay!
before the battle?
Jermaine
Ah!
Hahaha!
What songs are on there anyway?
lmao  what?
Y'all weird.
Over the years I have learned that what is important in a doctorss is the woman who is wearing it  Yves Saint Laurent
Baldwin and Buckley are eloquent speakers however Buckley didn't stand a chance in the debate.
I hate Pitbull.
On the new Crazy taxi pinball machine!!
Hey dudes!
Got a lot coming your way, so keep checking Deathbeat Jam's twitter for more!
Ladies and gentleman my instacanvas will be up by the morning !!!!!!!
:
nosleepgang usually on purpose, now I can't help it.
We will be closed for lunch today due to kitchen repairs.
We will know later today if we will can reopen for dinner.
We apologize!
106  park ain't even good anymore
Getting my training in so we are ready to get up and running!!
I never wanted to be your whole life.
Just your favorite part.
In palm desert for a couple days.
This city is gorgeous!
: And I'm wrapped w/ my morning news anchors from NBC7  back there tomorrow night!.
TY Melissa !!!
If she can't hang with you because she isn't aloud to date
I spent this whole game looking for ways to travel from NYC to DC with a small pet.
There are none.
Can I hit it in the morning?
Even though it's raining, it's a beautiful day cause God opened my eyes this morning.
Quoting a Lady at Smith's grocery store.
Is crab  lobster covered by EBT?
I'm buying her seafood w my tax money.
FCKU THAT
We Don't Even Need To Fight Everything Will Be Alright Nothing Even Matters But You  I
needs viewers to send in their own Touchdown Dances!!
Just shoot on your phone and email to: Thanks!
my intentions are vicious, ruthless and ambitious
LOVED seeing you in WI today.
Can't wait to edit/share my video footage from the breakout session.
...through an interesting military career outlining the sacrifices made and the wartorn places visited....
Things I do when stressed: eat  clean.
Things I've done at layout today: eat  clean.
Thanks so much !
:DD
If you are not willing to risk the unusual,you will have to settle for the ordinary.
I am by no means an Avengers comics fan, but that movie ROCKED.
Insanely great movie.
Can't say enough good stuff about it
are you ever like self conscious in a locker room
yea sporting that PinkMink coat on top of that epic gears shirt
NO ONE can kick my ass better than I can 
Yep!
Seems to go handinhand with the worry thing!
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
go get 'em!
Trivia time at
Sounds awesome...best of luck!
my ?
for the Pres: what do Detroiters need to do to ensure we are a good place for the Fed Gov to invest and partner with us?
Tracing our roots with the release of the 1940 census.
Join us now on 90.3.
We're off to Campo de la Cruz, Santa Luca, and Manat today!
Another pearl from the Dowager Countess: Don't be defeatist dear, it's very middle class.
I took my septum out about three weeks ago and it's still not healed.
o:
aol AIM dumps the running man logo, the famous purple Yahoo!
SF billboard is going away...
what is going on?
Is it aimed at treating prostate cancer?
Often there is a choice b/w surgery and radiation for that.
Let your Wicked creative side fly
What was it like working with Aaron Tveit on A Girl Walks into the Bar?
Tomorros shosw 20 tic left but we're doing a special pay what you wish for our twitter followers on NEW reservations.
Just mention the
It's haters like you who wait til we lose to start running your mouth.
I can't stand that shit.
Avengers was a great movie that made me tipsyly note that teraflop is a funny word.
Yay doctorfthouse!
to the after party
: i cant wait to see it
Finally off work
i'm being tested by the Greek gods
It's a nice day!
I'm gonna go for a walk.
step outside what the THE SUN!
IT BURNS!
RT if this is you.
:
thanks for the shout !
I'm watching Rebirth Brass Band at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012 watcha wanna!
Its amazing out
Hi Marlene, thanks for following my twitter.
hell yes!!!
can you send us more info??
it's a daily must
All athletes follow and add the facebook page at facebook.com/lacedfacts
Just got out of another top performer meeting at work.
It was fun.
:
TY for the mention!
Marshallism of the Day: Time is the great equalizer.
How will you invest yours?
What a delightful meal we had!
The perfect spot to celebrate Valentine's Day.
I have not talked to oomf in a min thats my nigga.!
ATown Veteran, the official urbanfiction novel is on kindle for 99 cents.
who is excited for this game?
Who is going to win??
I have a feeling the galaxy may take a close match over RSL
great reminder!
sometimes we're waiting for others to cheerlead us to victory...
nope!
Oh thanks!!
where you at bro why anit you showing up on monday night raw
I miss u too!
I work today het off  5.
When are u gonna come see the new house????
hahaha!!
I've always been creeped out by the possibility of a bus falling on it's side when they take curves...
Loving Chicago Midway airport: comfy seats and lots of outlets for my laptop
Interesting note about Farraday.
We have terrible Poddy Mouths...
yeah I know.
home watchin the ateam best line ever: Lt.
Templeton 'Faceman' Peck: Alpha, Mike, Foxtrot!
In other words, Adios...
Mother..
Busy Busy Week But I just won an ipod touch from !!!!!
Cant wait I have been wanting one since they came out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ffollow me doe
I knowz!
I love me some Jesus and Mary Chain too!
Muldoon Pizza waitress: Do you guys remember how many beers you had?
You doctornk us out of Michelob light.
threewordstoliveby TRUST IN GOD!
School is a mess....when u work hard towards getting it...
i'll take note of that.
Thanks Jenna :
Yeah, I'm glad everythings back to normal.
You should come by early because I'm pretty sure I don't understand backbone correctly :
It was all a conspiracy, lol!
Wowan in front of me is reading a book called Getting Things Done.
She also already received a cc award tonite.
we out of here
Italian Birthday Cake vinyl: 7 on top of a 10 on top of a 12, covered in minicd's and shredded cassette tape.
we just saw Street Car Name Desire!!!!
Fantastic Play and performances
Steve Kerr is an idiot!
mother in law
Wow!
That's amazing they raised that amount of funds so quickly!
Looking forward to checking out the film.
I hear you, I saved up for a while for mine.
But it's a keeper.
;
Wow, Thnx Man, Rewind, 2001.
UR prime time show.
I got on stage with Sheila E and sang Baby One More Time.
u gave me ur email
Easter sprinkles start today.
Aw yeah.
Last week, pizza week.
This week, donut week.
do it.
It is a fantastic coop game easily accessible to all levels of gamers from adjacent to experienced.
Keep your head up i got you bro anytime
cavs game tomorrow.
suck it, lakers.
Pulled hip muscle.
The waddle suggests prolonged pain.
This sucks.
I did not jus get bit by a mosquito:P
Brand new everything !
Swagg,!
Tweeps: Let's share highbrow, conceptual Halloween costume ideas for this year.
what was the ballpark like in evansville, indiana?
it didn't even matter.
About time to invest in that umbrella
Herbert Clark Hoover When there is a lack of honor in government the morals of the whole people are poisoned.
It's not as good as I remember.
Puberty clearly went right for One Direction.
Happy Mother's Day!
3
Monster jam ;
A person can apologize and we can forgive them, but sometimes we just can't forget the pain that they gave us.
I've never liked that phrase.
Yours is much better
Gonna try  sleep with this horrible sore throat.
just made my morning seeing him Live on my television.
Haha
Sittin in the jacuzzi,beats on,thinking n relaxing
What r u talking about ???
MY GO NO
Between the orioles and caps, I'll never get to sleep early.
So, just a coincidence on the avatar?
;
is still busy ;o :cc you have no idea how i miss our awesome conversations : wish I could talk more with you as before
No I'm not dead ....not that anyone cared to ask or anything :3
No I don't want to plug in my phone right nowlow battery.
If I refuse then I will be forced to stop reading my ebookthe only way I'll stop
Yes!!!!
That's awesome!
Thank you!!!
They should start, Barnes at point, Ebanks at the 2, Hill, 3, Gasol, 4, Bynum, 5.
lmao Bring kobe old ass off the bench
me too!
Teddy has a nice life
my name's cleatus.
i like chewin, eatin spoons, but mostly i like tying my balls to a stool and throwin it against the wall
Say.
It.
ZAYN IS VAIN.
Timeline is soonish.
I'd like the survey asap.
Final question is contact info to schedule the interview in 12 weeks.
we are??
Need a DB
Without question, it would have to be Twisted Metal.
Whose ready for the jams??
Can't wait for you to hear em!!
Stop burping right next to me and go to the Fucking bathroom
She said  Bugatti I'm in love wit ur songz I said which one?
She said Uuhh I like em all Love his songz...
Hit me up homie
Testifying on SB 1238, Former State Sen.
Penfield Tate says we can't keep importing an educated workforce.
We agree!
yay for Saabs.
Most of the design of the 900 made no practical sense but I'd buy another used one in a second.
I never have to work with my boss gotta love it!!!
Thanks!
We like that one too :
As an Aries you're a pro at trying anything new, always filled with invincible energy in other words, you're the perfect first date.
Boston is no match for the Blue Shirts.
Richards was a great pick up!
Go Rangers
Ok just makin sure you got it
Lmaoooo RT : and I'm dead...build your leg strength up
congrats that is just GREAT
I appreciate all the followers...
I really do but I don't like when they don't have a picture to show who they are.
:/
Getting booed is the least of these Brewers' problems.
the Brewers only have 5 in the lineup.
stress is going to doctorve me to the edge!
I don't handle anxiety well....and I am full of it lately...Keep on keepin on, right??
God gives us different passions so everything he wants done in the world will get done.
Never belittle someone's Godly passions.
How is Ethan??
A social entrepreuneur utilizes new media platforms to influence positive change personally  on a level of service
RT You never really stop loving someone.
You just learn to try to live without them.
Looking forward to the world of twitter!
He who sings scares away his woes.
yep setbacks are not good!
Thanks
I turned on my tv and channing tatums face is right there..
333 ah my day has been made :
on my vacation until jan
HELL!YES!Btw, I'm thinking you should roll out your mixtapes, not just release all on the same day.
Let some excitement mount
They say stop, I say no, they say Pries, please don't go, well what if I die they night they shot, how many life's do I got?
Flight booked and house rental secured...endofsummer trip to Maine 8/269/5 !!!!
There goes my plan of fleeing the country.
Oh sure, have him there in office the week I am NOT coming to see you.
;
is just working here until a good fast food job opens up
Don't Stop Pop That Pussy Lemme You Doo Doo Brown !
I want to be in a Pepsi Commercial.
You too!
I'm finding my migraines are getting worse w/ age See you later!
How 'bout our CHILI GLAZED CHICKEN SUPREME, pickled baby carrots, danish bleu cheese sauce, celery water
I swear if Noel goes to play for Bunk from thewire...: mystery team is Providence.
Still think he goes to Georgetown.
dont say that!
Embrace that shit : just dont let it run you
naw the orig place got leased so ya boy been scouting.
DM ya email and I'll send the link.
I followed:
we must hang out :
Picking daughter up from piano
She say she fwm da long way
turn dat got damn music down!!
Lol!
hope the wedding was went good...
you're only on page six?
I'm trying to read and watch tv at the same time.
we need to get south Florida standing by the panthers.
Sun sentinel needs to start reserving space on 1c.
It's our year.
This food, was not satisfactory...there was a mouse in mine.
no probs bro.
I can't wait to be workin with people like yall.
I love the way yall are passionate about the craft.
We're back to our regular hours this week!
Come check out our new spring colors  we are getting new things in every day.
Sweet!
Have fun, that should be a good counting workout!
Milly, your straight is showing.
So let's do it like they do it on Discovery Channel
Happy Mother's Day Weekend.
Share with us a favorite meal or dish that your mother used to make when you were young!
ffluvsmoms
how would that even work?
O.o
For Food Allergy Awareness Week we're chatting w Join in 1hr:
We were recently told that the LoBurn is our best roll ever.
Which do you think is the best?
Beer, Sweet Beer.
yeah, you were all about screaming that last night...
To be far it does only happen once.
miss u hiefers!!!!
I have a lot of academic setting  clerical exp, but it doesn't seem to cut it with the lib jobs search.
Le boo hoo
missed the convo but I assume Mandigo is a guys funstick?
I'm watching the wizard of oz, and you came into my head, DOROTHY3 hehe, please tweet me?: ill be forever happy3333
Hot dogs!
Yum:
Am I blind or is there no Big 109 and 320 6m today???
true dat!
Debbie was the other girl!
Ha I love it!
Hate being cold..
That's why I'm not in NY..
It still be 40 something degrees in the morning
Who's watching The Bodyguard tonight on Lifetime?
NBC must have heard my threats about starting a riot if they canceled Parks  Rec.
We get more Knope next year!
yeah for real!
She is taking over the internetZ
You're welcome!
Happy Friday to you, too  hope your weekend is awesome!
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!!!
Back to my santuary for a good night of reading.
f4f?
Love ur quotes about austin
Awesome!
Thxs for thinking of that!
We'll see you there
barely got the ticket link 4 in LA 5min ago instead of 10am.
everything below 50 is sold out..
sux some were 35!!
bummer
Srsly!!
RT If this weather would just stop being so dang beautiful it would be easier to sit in my office  accomplish things
I checked out Tag'z today.
I doubt I'll ever buy my meat somewhere else again.
Your 20112012 MISL MVP....GEISON!!
Thank you for all that you did this season Geison and Congratulations on this welldeserved honor!
she's awesome!
And congrats on your mortgage!
i received my permit, without ever operating a motor vehicle before in my life lmfao.
i should really learn to doctorve now.
These Monday right refs are hoRRible
I am not sure about the JonathanVilma suspension, because while he looks to be a ringleader of the program, a season may be a bit too much.
After all these years, I still enjoy watching
Im too paid to be fighting with you broke niggas
will anyone get sleep tonight?
this is huge night.
doubt anyone will go in to work tomorrow.
your wish has been granted.
THE BIRD IS THE WORD
uuugghh that's what I need to do
noo way they would love to see that goyne face of urs
your welcome bro?
I hope everyone has a great Halloween and be safe:
and seems to me that is repeating the narrative of community decline  the urnarrative of sociology.
yea, i just thought it was ridiculous.
Install this for free chicken.
i'm not that hungry, lol.
How u doing today?
Microsoft: Macs 'not safe from malware, attacks will increase'  ZDNet
Problem w/ twitter is celebrity women think people want to hear what they think.
Lol right sweetie, ur famous b/c of ur intelligence.
Can't believe I had to pick up my 5th grade sister from someone's house bcuz of bullying.
Unbelievable.
Don't mess with my family
Ya, I'm ok thx...my b/f is def not tho.
They burnt his whole leg ruined the carpets in his car  will need to attend to this.
are you doing an Omeka workshop at MARAC spring meeting?
We Blasting tonight at Cities restaurant and lounge in L.A.
tonight.
Happy Birthday!!!...you know who you are!!!!
RT : The weekend is a time for peace and quiet.
Because no one wants to hear loud noises when they're hung over.
come with!
ur amazing i love you!
retweet if u love me back!
tweeted next set
Dear girls that cried when they got their belly button pierced, uhm I didn't even feel anything to cry about.
LOL.
Fuck it, I'm live tweeting the
I miss you!
: English sucks without u!!
dirk smith is an awful man
Busy bee.
Maybe
Glad I'm a Grizzly Fan.
Why does it have to be so cold :
Heating up some hormel chili.
My favorite.
Chicago seems a big city instead of merely a large place.
A.
J.
Liebling, first to designate Chicago The Second City, 1949
Im good man hbu?
but that's what it says on the bottom lounge website......
:
On my way to The Chocolate Bar for a red velvet cupcake.
IfIDontGetBelieveTickets I'll sit in front of the entrance of the arena and cry.
Who knows, I might as well get lucky..
Thanks so much for 23 followers on my first day!
My other twitter only has 15 followers and it has 500 tweets and I've had itsince 09 thanks
Html and css dominate my life right now
immaturity pisses me off the most
The price of fame is that you are envied, copied, and then discarded.
umm i just bece a tweeter and i m still new to how it all works but are random people you dont know supposed to follow you do i followback
We played at eat at Loews.
They had us in the round and the staff were awesome to us..Great venue.
So far at occupytimessquare, cops and protesters are behaving, each on their respective side of the barricades.
Anyone else wondering if Nolan Ryan can still bring it?
The Giants are eating this up.
yeah, the cartoon is funny!
I miss my baby :'Dashawn 
How the heck are you still lyng to me still?
And I think imma get my micros today...
the marlins are expressing interest in everyone!
I even got a phone call
yes.
I was.
Perhaps I Might I have seen you though I stayed for only 10 minutes because i had to leave to meet w/my tenant.
Thursday evening
Oh boy!
are you sitting?
14 almost 15.
Yeah, yeah, I know, part of my problem w/ the biz.
But I am catching up to myself.
:
Saved a worm from the clutches of the hot pavement.
are you gonna tweet me today?
:
CASTING NEWPORT'S FINEST!: If U or someone u know lives in Newport, RI is charismatic  is in the know  let us know!
RT IF YOU THINK SHOULDN'T HAVE GOTTEN DETENTION FOR THE COWBELL INCIDENT.
When he says hi and you just can't stop smiling.
One of the best ways to analyze is to just design something.
via Michael Allen
Playing a 25 rebuy.
Had AA cracked by 45o in the third hand.
Rebought and have doubled up since.
:  Hey kinda like that one!!
I got used to D That's a LOUD smile!!
This Caps Rangers series has been incredible....
On to game seven
Sorry I should have started with, hey everybody.
Hope your all enjoying this beautiful day.
Stop by and see us  the public market on sat.
when you link your XBL and PSN accounts to sometimes it checks in for you.
It has done it for me on occasion.
'AT'
Growing up, all I wanted was a father figure.
Me  Mom alone every dinner.
smells like grill for as far as the nose can sniff.
doctoramt that the storage wars people were bidding on my stuff
Historically, most CardiANAL greats still played like crap.
BeHereAllWeek HaveYouTriedTheVeal?
where??
I would love to know!
How did it go?
In the we hours of friday morning
Young and living my life.
Different from the original,
oh true...
That's messed up
I was and I wasnt...all it takes to score is one shot...but they had their chances
Can never trust a hoe.
My head all fucked up.
Sharing is caring.
Unless its an STD
i didn't know that.
Rookie Maldonato on the pole!
This will be an interesting race.
Two location scouts today and some broll shooting.
Looking to be a very busy week.
Who precisely composes the counterjihad movement?
Ppl who question th legitimacy of militant Islam?
Victims?
Dissidents?
Heretics?
CIA?
60 of ol retail prodcts in dept/specialty/on line stores can b manfactred in our America without raisng d csts of d prodcts to the consmister
you are amazing and i love you in the Big Bang Theory3:
And you follow fellow NC'an , right?
Brilliant music, but I think you'd appreciate John Darnielle's tweets.
It's not so pretty today!
I'm congested, so you didn't miss out.
Are you going to the Marquis event on Thurs?
xoxo
Well, then take a carnap pic!
What do people in China call their good plates?
look how quickly my brother trades teams RT : I've never wanted the bruins to win more than I do right now
lol blah fine have fun without me : haha
Can't wait for another successful year!
Passion and Rebellion, sounds like your archetype is The Catalyst, just like !
Our Mobile Adoptions Unit will be at PETCO today from 10am2pm 3601 Old Airport Road Suite C
who tf are you?
Take yo young underclass ass home bitch
how do you get so many followers
I still love your crazy churchpoint ass 3
im just praying he sees it :
I'm officially making it standard to reject any and all resumes, while scouting talent.
It just seems like the right thing to do.
Level one Hazmat, Tremont  Mass.
Ave, traffic is a mess...
i think i have seen every episode with my lil sister lol
I wish too but, hopefully I can influence people to wanna help and do what I do!
why don't we just hop on chat roulette and see what happens?
Hey!
For my new philly site.
Just sent you a direct message.
That shirt was a good purchase.
Gets similar rxns in real life.
You flatter me, sir.
4 double cheeseburgers with no buns with a side of hardboiled eggs.
let me put something in ya life !
I think I want to buy a zoo.
sorry we missed you.
We ran with T2.
Did you do frontrunners?
nice to have a friend like that then
THINKING BOUT U
All Time Low's acoustic version of Break Out!
Break Out!
is beautiful 3
I like this one
No that's not Bill Paxton I'm referring to.
It's Tim SomethingErOther.
TRAFFIC:  Lane Closures/Maintenance today 9a3p  NB Hwy 151 just south of Sun Prairie.
Only one lane open.
The importance of good friends should never be underestimated.
similarly, it was once said you can judge a man by the company he keeps
In order to achieve success, you must put in work to over come the obstacles.
Wait....
You're paying 20 a month for Vonage?
and VoIP works for fax?
News to me on both.
Watching The Last Unicorn.
Cause I'm that awesome.
Cooked...
Ate...
but I want pizza!
yes i can link you if you want?
yea i know im awesome like that lol : It is always somebody that gives me a reason to laugh.
Lmfao.
glad y'all are leaving BAH.
alright.
Ditto!
Can't wait to see the dynamics shift when Uma Thurman shows up!
I'm gonna try to come up to Reno!
: I'll txt and let ya know have a great one if I don't tho!
:D
Hey Rebecca!
iLuvUUR MUSIC!
BackOffHaters!
RTFOLLOW PLZ!
i have LIKE A LOT OF doctorAMSU r my one inspirations!
MuchLove!
Some chicken wings..
that does sound good!!
10 pages paper due in 10 hours.
: no lead is safe in the playoffs Memphis proved that last night LMFAO
Wonder when its going to flat line.
: EURUSD hourly looks like an EKG chart
In five years no one will be using a mouse for any input.
Nice demo of touchscreen moves
imhappiestwhen I'm with the ones I LOVE!
3
yess!
Score and NO ONE can use them: unless they know pass a 1D quiz haha
OH MY FREAKING GOD HOLY CRAP CANTWAIT SOOOEXCITED LOVETHEM AH!
a let me know if you wanna remix she the baddest!!
the beat snatchin!!!
gm freak mama
shes from london her name is jessie j she has a song called price tag thats all over youtube
Day 12012c19 Overcoming postrecovery neglect of AA texts; boredom as archival possibility; and the affect of environmental materials!
Vacation starts now!
So excited!
Road trip with my baby!!
People who complain about their job on Facebook and Twitter are idiots.
QuestionsWomenH8 Is that a real tan?
I stand by writing every day, networking as much as possible, and never being pushy...
Also, sell out the first chance you get.
Back in Waunakee for the week
follow me
4 homeruns in a major league game.
Holy shit
my mind is on
As much as acting as GM of Moto is great experience/practice, I miss our real GM!
I hope he feels better soon!
WE ABOUT TO MAKE A MOVIE BRO!!!
SORRY FOR THE DELAY I'M A LITTLE TWITTER ILLITERATE LMAO!
H.O.T.M.
Housewives of team mindless ; lmaoo
Movie isn't as uncomfortably creepy at the book!
Struggled with the bookmovie was good.
thanks for the follow I'm passionate about Santa Fe and Taos
Called it ramblings and theories and made a sticky.
Yet I have more research invested that 99.9 of forum posters on tpt.
So many complex ideas get reduced on Facebook to: here's a long cliched statement you should post to your wall for this group.
Have to be up at 12:30am to stand in a line all day!!
Tomorrow's going to be a long, fun day.
In 2010 495 girls were exploited every month on the streets of Atlanta  Wellspring Living, Atlanta
I think your riddle just stumped me there ..!
oh hai, i just wanted to tell you, i love you.
a lot.
3 x
back in the day you could take ya kids to LightUpNight w/out chaos...now noone is safe after 10pm
Right on it is on now
Jogging 60 minutes a day.
Life is good.
Indeed.
RT : reading all the upset tweets about feels like too delicious schadenfreude.
Dude, i swear!
RT At Sam's club and just had to grab a hotdog...
They have thee best ones
I WAS JUST ABOUT TO SAY THAT!!!!!
You read my mind!!
:P
What exactly is IRONIC about this?
RT There's a dude at the occupyseattle protest with a mac book pro ironic
rejection from a friend isn't telling you to keep trying, it's telling you that you should just stop and find a new friend:/
you're an asshole!
Don't be mad cuz I evolved and you look exactly the same as in 94 lol
The Avengers was fuckin aweeesommme.
Thanks to another great movie night
lol.....don't get mad cuz the truth hurts, am just picking, trying a lil fun with u
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 74
you going to carlos house tomorrow for his birthday shed?
Fck it!
Im following ANYONE who Follows within the next 10 minutes.
HURRY IM CHECKING!
whats everyone up to on funday sunday??
enlighten me
RT  New England: Doing it the 'Patriots Way' since 2005.
Get over yourselves, ya bunch of entitled...
Mostly online learning allows you to access lectures day and night.
You can review what you have forgotten or need it brushed up.
Tonite at with 10 girls  The Only Tuesday Night in Boston  behind the bar, top that Ha!
If wrinkles must be written upon our brow, let them not be written upon the heart.
The spirit should not grow old.
?
James A.
Garfield
I just ate the BIGGEST bowl of cereal ever...
And I do NOT regret it!
The main message of Philippians is to Live as citizens of the gospel of the King.
I signed up; will check it out.
Happy Labor Day Weekend!
yup!
Next time, I suppose.
LOL!
How so?
whoops, sorry!
Really didn't think the scissors scenario could be possible.
Yay betacarotene, lutein  zeaxanthin RT best veggies for eyes are carrots, spinach, bean sprouts, endive, celery, and cucumber.
well im going to work on temple run, maybe now i can reach my goal of 2,000,000 yes barely but im working on it
UHH I should be WAKING up to HOT BREAKFAST...ITS MY DAY ha whatt???
lol Mariners EL OH EL
Bieber's really annoying about the date thing.
u should call him on it, yank his pants down right there...
theatre, darling.
The film is as tough as adamantium.
Wolverine from the XMen will vouch for that.
i think thats the only way i will be able to move on
I don't want a girlfriend, but I really like sandwiches.
Not only The Roses, but now The Happy Mondays  Inspiral Carpets also reforming  touring this summer?
1991 all over again.
2PeopleThatBelongTogether Britney and Justin..no couple ever again like them!
TeamPinky Team Stinky
Happy New Years to you Legacy.
From your biggest fan, Antoine.
Got your cds and love ur music.
I would do anything to meet you
Hurry back to DC.
We just have earthquakes, floods, hazardous heat, and really, really mean mosquitoes.
a'ight.
sent to your name at your initials labs dot net.
Gratitude is the cure for guilt.
what is your preference?
Whiteboard vs.
Chalkboard
My motivation right now is seriously lacking
Haha ur funny.
Can't believe that's my travel list last 6 months!
Weird 2C it in writing like that.
Signed, Bond.
VanderBond.
Can we please talk about how awesome the movie Dazed and Confused is?
When you can fit your toddler in your LV bag it's time to recalibrate.
: .....
And not a single fuck was given today.
: I find the moral outrage against a guy smoking weed absolutely hillarious agree
I am listening to Nick Cave's Murder Ballads.
Still grindin the cash games nearly every day, thanks for asking ...
Might play a few tourneys at
its okay!
Know your worth:
Ya see a guy with one leg, he's got a story
Gearing up for Artemisia's research study  If you are a Colorado botanic garden, zoo or other museum, did you make our list?
birdman hasn't played a minute for Nuggets since March 25.
Did it Hurt ?
.
.
When You Fell From The Whore Tree ?
.
.
Banged EveryOne On The Way Down !?
3
I have gone through every article I can find.
The 115th touched a nation.
It is amazing how many are affected by each unit.
I Don't This Shit Is Old Stfu
I think I love the internet too much.
hahaha that is hilarious
And the holiday weekend begins!
Time to sit back and enjoy a cold one.
To all of our tweeps....
be safe, responsible and have a blast!
The Mentalist with Richie 
I am always happy to connect with RVA tweeps!
Thanks for the FB!
for ur kiss monday ;D
What thing?
:
same thing with adele's boyfriend!
That one guy who you think is gay but is really a pimp?
see one of our cutie engagement pictures!
featured in the 4th anniversary issue of on pg.
294!!
NOPE!
Smh!
Just hit traffic in Marietta RT : r u serious?
Yal still havnt gotten home?
With everything i got :
2NITE  UB's Broadway/Dobson The LifeTimes of the Blackbelt Theatre Tour with Copywrite and Planet Asia 21up U don't wanna miss this one
the food itself is different from Superior.
More trendy/Americanized.
The owner had no experience running a restaurant.
The staff
Just discovered our TV package includes the sports channel showing the Rugby World Cup in U.S.
unbelievable excitement!!!!
I love you too crazy!
: Be safe if you do anything tonight.
I hope I sleep too!
Ewwweee!
I have not.
RT : 28 of employed Americans have had an affair with their boss.
Thanks!
I agree!
hey!
If you dm me your email addoctorss I'll send you some info: hope your having a great day!
He's bleeding :
are amazing and I fcking love you.
Come be my best friend and make me die from laughter everyday, okay?
Motherhood: All love begins and ends there.
Robert Browning
One more hour in the waiting seat!
coworking is not a real estate play.
Good luck with that
Can't wait for some JELLO and Nicki this weekend!!
same I have no life.
:
.
race day!
Good luck David Morgan Adam Burden  in Indy!
Having a cookie n cream shake
Wait what?!?
What happened?!
thats my mama on my background!
Systematically addoctorssing my procrastination list.
I'm down to one task!
I feel good!
:
Contrary to popular opinion, most purchasing is not based on the lowest price.
Service is a key component in many buying decisions and can t
My mom doctorve me to the bus stop: its to effing cold!!
that's awesome..I'm getting better..but I still freak out when they screaming
I had the exact same thought.
NASA Contractor Bids to Continue Flying Space Shuttle
're welcome here any time!
Thanks, man.
Silver Diner at BWI is not in Baltimore.
All of BWI is not in Baltimore.
An entire forest in the Northwest must have given its life in Xerox paper just for this one fking trial.
Uncle Junior
how are you so funny and cute?
that usually NEVER happens : ha ha
yes!
i produce and direct commercials for broadcast and the web.
contact me
Nights like this make me wish I had a cat.
Dog walks are no fun in the rain.
Smith: too many juryrigged ontologies put out by riffraff.
CTSA'ers need to standardize their own in their fields.
Why am I hungry???
Huh!
Nice coverage  show looks fantastic.
Check it out!
Sneak Peek: Cirque Du Soleil's TOTEM Headed To San Diego
Just added her as a facebook friend so I could secretly spy and make fun of her.
What?
It amuses me.
give shot out to my homie sike tonight!
Hes gonna be in the house keepin doctornks filled.
So jealous
It's all that technology, all I can say it's all that technology for kiddies :D
Thanks for the follow Cesar!
We are following back, Go Devils!
RT Brand your self like a product.
This includes marketing, promotion and everything.
People trust you then trust your products
My last night in Wisconsin for 10 days...
Dex: Y G O L O H C Y S P : Now thats what I call reverse psychology.
Me: HAHAHAHA
Good luck w/your thesis!
lol for now i promise
We've landed at Farragut square, 17th and k, window opens at 1115.
See you then
Guilty as charged CSPAN's No.
1 fan  MT The House just debated an amendment on dead polar bears in Canada.
Aww, have a great first day!
HA!
That's the one!
So to speak.
The first time I saw that my jaw hung open and I may have cried.
A10.
Burgers served hot off the grill juicy grassfed beef with onions, cheese  pickles!
Holy cow has it been 1 month since ive used this account?
Im sorry guys.
I promise to be more active on here.
Crappy sports night :
RIP Ralph MacDonald.
I must admit the Pacers are better than i thought
What was your favorite article in Issue 3??
Washington Redskins 13 Carolina Panthers 23 End Of 3rd redskins panthers nfl
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
So many auction items, so little time!
Only 1 hour left to peruse the silent auction tables  make your bids  don't miss out!
: Final Four tip times: LouisvilleKentucky at 5:09 CT.
Kansas vs.
Ohio St at 7:49 CT.
Hey ABQ!
TGIF!
What a hectic week it has been, enjoy the long President's Day weekend!
Stay Safe!
At the Pella holiday party!
Really great to meet all those partners, wives, husbands, sons and daughters that help make it all possible.
Who wants to be at my mercy?
4course dinner this Saturday for 25 at where your menu is at the Mercy of the Chef!
At magic time machine
RT Voted for Cameron Whitten today, your turn Portlanders.
Imma let the top down everyone I shoot thru...
To give em motivation even tho they hatin
I miss Instagram...life isn't the same without my iPhone :
3 somes every night fuck it let the dice roll.
EVERYONE, go follow !
He is cool as beans :
Restlessness.
MT : thanks for follow!
Curious when professorle incl Deleted old twitter w 40000  restarting Why?
doctoram as if you'll live forever.
Live as if you'll die tomorrow.
James Dean
He followed me like last month and RTed mee
I can't RT your tweet, but I'll resend.
88.9 is a great station.
Thanks for the challenge grant.
That's cool, but I still think examples/websites/images/videos would be fun and potentially inspirational.
I leave for tour
In a shuttle going 2 Sundance where 2 guys are having a deep conversation about the galaxy.
Interesting, but so deep that im lost in space
First night of Halloween festivities, what are you plans?
We're also in need to some costume ideas!
Steeltown Entertainment Project: Connecting Pittsburgh with Hollywood since 2003.
yeah I think I saw you while I was rock climbing....your grandma was kicking your butt
McDonald's serves 1 percent of the world  every day!
overlaps with this summer.
May you two incredibly important events in my year please discuss  handle.
Thank you.
Thank you, Kathy!
Whoa cab doctorver  don't need the attitude.
If you would have gone the way I suggested, we wouldn't be sitting in mass traffic.
90 of the time
Guess what borough I am From.
Glad I'm not at SXSW this year.
I can actually enjoy my birthday this time in a moderate climate under the shade of a banana tree.
Smh whatever.
Going right back to sleep
Get your bitch ass in the kitchen and fix me some pie!!!!
Cartman
After three attempts to get me to numb up, the new crown cemented in.
Feels incredibly smooth compared to the temp.
Establishing trust with prospects is critical to creating curiosity in my offering and getting them to admit needs, pains, and goals
Don't know what hand pies are but probably better than agreeing to make feet pies.
At least you've got that bit of optimism?
I am too!
The change between day 11 and 14 were miraculous!
I didn't realize things were that bad if that was the best part.
Just finished an office luncheon...
maybe I can still catchup on the weddingmarket chat!
If everyday flew by like this at work I'd be content :
RT : Don't forget to buy your 5 ticket at the prsms registration table.
You could win a bike or GC
text me in the AM to remind me
sometimes it be twitter cause I notice I wasn't followin da one I been following but I didn stop follow some how it happend
When will Treyarch/IW update their engine?
Every new game has more or less the same graphics, just a little bit updated ..
Lord all I am is Yours
Have fun with Sami and Emily, Amy!
Good running into you this weekend.
: Cheers.
all caught up on 'girls'.
It's annoyingly really good and more annoyingly getting better.
I like it!
did you have the cream cheese from Bruegger's Bagels?
Theirs is definitely the hottest i've tried!
Only gripe here about Distrust That Particular Flavor is that it's not 1000 pages long.
More please!
How do you make your boobs bigger??
B/W came out like 2 wks before the 3DS.
That's a license to print money that they willingly passed on.
AJ Green and Patrick Peterson both got 10 or lower on their wonderlic.
Both made pro bowl as rookies.
Claiborne will be fine.
coming to seattle anytime soon?
i dont know what im going to do without all my senior friends :' .....
Which is 95 of my friends lol....im gonna be a loner.
glad you'll are jammin!
Kitten fed time for some more .
You'll be good catch you later!
:
well I get a little tired of the whole live in the moment crap
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul.
doctoram deep, for every doctoram precedes the goal.
Exhausted from that midnight screening of The Avengers.
So worth it though.
That movie is the shit!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!
I LOVE YOUR MUSIC SO MUCH!!
Finished two face, just needs a few touch ups, then on to mister freeze.
misterFreeze will be painted later today in the afternoon.
Goodnight.
GIANTSCHAT Hey Lance Thanks for holding it all together all season!
Had a fantastic dinner with and Paul Ott :
Rockets collapse fittingly ends with a...collapse.
Congrats 2 the Chargers on their BIG win!
357 over Denver  back 2 .500 on the season.
Good Game Bolts ;
The NBA's crazy schedule this season is definitely wearing on my enjoyment as a full season ticket holder.
Nobody is going to take you seriously if you take bathroom pictures at high schools.
How you doin' today girl?
Im not having a good morning o:
Here in Market Star Global/Allerent Consulting we offer different packages that would suit your need.
If the first three packages don't...
So proud of
that song that im not supposed to listen to just came on pandora 
Holy crap!
My house literally just shook...
I go into a yoga position and blow myself doctor.
awesome, will check it out!
Dude making money doctorwing cats...doctoram Big
If everyone watching DWTS tonight could contribute just 1, we could make a film to let 19 million abused men know they're not alone.
last second, can't go to the game saturday.
Let me know if anyones looking for tickets.
Appreciated
I'm a joker, I'm a smoker, I'm a midnight toker.
Where do you work?!?!?
They NEVER take us to the beach :
One Monkey don't stop no show, but 2 red monkeys would make dat show super Live!
yes it does
np  sorry to bug you
All good!
A madmen doctornk.
Whoa...
Beautiful, is that your home view?
It does look like paradise ;
Happy Mother's Day!
Happy Valentines Day!
I hope everyone has a great day!
:
what happened girl?
Your older by one day!
That reminds me of this sophomore kid named jeremy who likes me, and Im exactly 1 year  a day older
lmao i'll give it a shot but idk, doesn't seem like my type of movie.
myplansfortheday laying in bed an try to get rid of this miserable cold: yucky
I got my 2nd wind
waaazzzaapp my little persian?
You're the only reason I miss Rockville :
I hope not.
The whole thing is lunacy.
I'd like to vote that we don't waste time doubling down on laws already on the books.
Dating me is like buying from Ikea.My directions are useless but if you're smartpatient you'll wind up with a nice cheap seat for your ass
Interesting topic, but the link doesn't work.
bee yoself honey !
Is that the sun comimg out!?
Goober baby
one week away from moving into home.
Can't wait to get my business doors open!
Wearing my 19 jersey under my suit today.
Welcome back Nicky!
I'm a Beast I'm a Beast I'm A BEAST Say it three times CuZ I Know its right
Home from Chicago.
Ate my way thru the entire cityVolare, Frontera Grill, Sunda, Gibsons, Masa Azul, Chicago hot dogs.
Now off to the gym!
Thank you : have a good night; with metta.
Is it just me or does the guy narrating the Pandora McDonalds commercial sound just like AnthonyBourdain?
Dahling, that necklace at your vowrenewals ...
POW!
haha sorry terrible attempt at humor
on WuTang Clan's wiki page it states that the band is: 1992 Forever .
Long live the kings...
Overall I'd say a pretty successful trip to
chop?
Like chop suey?
Hey!
Have I mentioned how awesome is lately?
Very.
Very awesome.
Elliot, here's one Blazer fan who knows u got star written all over u man, hang tight, wuiish you'd play more!
Rickie Fowler has played the 18th in Even par this week at DA Points in 1 and Rory McIlroy in 2.
There is no way league will suspend Doan or Smith.
Doan has star card, and Smith is too important to the team
Now following follow back
Makes Me so Sad , But I Gotta Leave You Alone
so this whole thing is a real posibility?
I'd LOVE to see you w/ Lebron
You too!!!
If I had the pleasure to cuddle u I would die a very happy man sexy thick mami XOXO
neologisms ftw!
It is only dirty universalisms that will help us against the powers and agents of still dirtier ones.
Bruce Robbins
God willing, this is the LAST time I EVER ride this train...
Just entered the 2010's.
Expect to be inundated.
Hey Phi Flyers, what year is it?
Amazing weather in Nashville tonight.
Perfect.
LOL!
Too funny.
yeah...just a brief shower/sprinkle...tee it up!
Scream 4 is just waaayyy gory
S/O to i appreciate the Follow fam
I wonder what life would be like if we had sounds effects for everthing we did, like cartoon
Yo Homie, got any new mixtapes?
Get at me
I found a 1D poster in a mag i bought for MB , aha , ironic right ?
oh yeah!
you're the coolest freaking secue out there!
This weather is fogging strange.
Nice summer weekend!
In May.
Portland highs Sat 84  Sun 87.
Good question.
My kindergartner knows who George Washington is!
RT : do they even teach civics in high school anymore?
I wonder if the Bills released becaue I never got a reply on him signing my Sports Illustrated.
IWishYouKnew how special you are.
There always will be only one of you.
Always.
Enjoy every moment of your uniqueness.
Dear Maybe with that refund we get for round 2 we can get some just added show Springsteen tickets?
:
I just LOVE working on Sundays.
Well at least I love my coworkers.
who ever had any doubts?
Oh ye non believers!
On our way to looking forward to meeting everyone at 3pm!
justin bieber wants to be twitter friends with ellen!!!!!!!!!!
doin me haveing FUN live life
Everything you do just annoys me!!
Tonight at Grassroots with Adam Kolker, Ugonna Okegwo and 9 to 12.
No cover.
Come hang!
ohh yeah ;D hahaha.
si.
I have no where else to go.
Are you??
was that a quadoctorple John Wall shot?
I'm not in the mood to get fucked up tonight, idek why.
This isn't like me lol
Getting excited thinking about the possibilities for next year...
I don't really use pencils unless I'm doing my check ledger.
When it comes to pen: I like Gel or liquid ink.
I rarely use ballpoint
Ashworthington!
Great seeing you tonight, Although I was disappointed you didn't throw yourself at my feet like last time.
Age is never a deterrent to brilliance or compassion.
My teachers this week, Zig Ziglar at 83, Maggie at 8.
Who are you listening to?
I thought he went with someone cos he said something about picking up his date!?
No I'm still working on the fanmail.
:
Wish they would hurry up.
We are starving!
easy 4 u to say
Rick Pitino in a white suit is one of the highlights of all the college basketball season, including
305,000 smh.
I dare him to say no deal!!!
Governor Walker held press conference at Tommy G Thompson Youth Center today.
Well done.
: What the hell does the z mean in LOLZ?
Laugh Out Loud..
Zebras?
they are...but the Portland Timbers are sponsored by CocaCola
like your marrying Karen but fucking ivy oh ok now I get it!
I used to love him he was my favorite lil Indian
think I'm a hit the wait room up today ....
Get back in shape
I wish we could wear shorts at my job
he is washed up.
He is a thing of the past.
His prime was in 08.
SP just downgraded France's A rating.
Time to plan my Paris trip!
smfh !
!lmaooo u might b right.
last time i porbably did see u was at school, and whenn did u leave op?
ahha 09?!
lmao
yep yep..i'm getting doctoruuuunnnnk.
U down?!
Congrats Johnny!
RT : Last night, out of the blue, I found out I got a top 5 song on Billboard!
I can't believe it!
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading
did ur daughter enjoy her prom ?
what can i do?
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
I check into a lot of locations..
I wonder how is doing ;
Hey it's BK, wanna pick a Triumph song to kickstart Bumper 2 Bumper?
PLZ keep in mind we used BL Light Show yesterday.
Happy Siestafest Eve
RT : shoutout to anybody w/ ambition ..the grind is beautiful ...appreciate the downs as much as the ups
I should be at Keeneland.
Dang it.
way to rock it and be a real man!
I used to love rollercoasters
RT : Don't let your yesterdays, become your today.
Leahdeleah
I'm going to sleep now.
Night.
I need to feel butterflies everyday: that strange sense of accomplishment, confidence, excitement.
That would be some goal
The Bucks down by 12 to the lowly Wizards w 7 min to go.
They lose this it's pretty much the dagger in their playoff hopes.
across 110th street
You shoot like Ray Charles Dano haha
TONIGHT!!!!
Green Iguana Anderson Latin Night!!!!
come see myself  Mandii dance the night away :
Thanks for dining with us!
Love seeing folks check in!
How was your pizza?
nflredzone  Greatest.
Channel.
Ever.
Is that a bad version of The Black Keys' Lonely Boy in a Home Depot ad?
Or just a really bad ripoff??
Even though my boyfriend doctorves me crazy.
At the end of day, I love him to death  .
I can't imagine my life without him
marshaya just went to sleep...
Morning!
Life's good here.
Ran a half marathon on Sun.
and now getting back to my writing.
How have you been?
and Shawn Wayans had me LMAO !
Thanks for the laughs!!
Ah, Myron Lowery.
I lived in Memphis for only 18 months, but I'll never forget the fist bump.
Hilariously ridiculous.
Watching a lil stand up comedy.
I love laughing at the end of the day before bed.
4 mile run today  nice 2 b back running/training!
tomorrow evening till Thursday morning
I was nervous!
Hell naw!
Cocaine is for white people , with tiny little noses , I'm black , my nose is like a turbo on my face, I'll be fucked up for life

and a couple of fish.
: and then this new lynx.
Happy First Day of Spring Time for spring cleaning  upgrading.Prefinished Ipe 3/4x3 would be a great choice.
I will take good care of you
First word of The Anthology of Creepy Words according to us : Goodies
Don't forget to watch Monster Man on Syfy tonight!!!!
Yes.
Midway businesses were trying to change that by rebranding the area North Bay
Alumni, students, recent graduates, lend us your Twitter time.
Sports biz at sbchat w/ and friends.
Tonight, 9:30 pm ET.
Thank you, that so sweet 3 And I'm glad.
You deserve a good day too!
Remember, never use household cleaners to clean your pool or spa.
Desert Pool Cleaning only uses the best chemicals to service your pool!
Partial Insomniac.
Nice Person.
Sometimes Brooding....
Partially inspired.
Nice Idea.
Sometimes Boring  John Cusack
America, the land of the constitutional scholar.
Wow just hit my 1,000 tweet!
I'm so fucking excited!
Like this is a huge fucking deal for some reason!
They're coming on.
Yes INDEED!!!
ready when you are :
Shout put to all the nurses out there!
Happy nurses appreciation week!
Versailles, KY is known as The Horse Capital of the World...at least until Margaret finishes her project in our back yard.
If anybody can overcome the devastation of a Tsunami, it's probably the country where the word originates from.
Pull through Japan!!!!!!!!!!
I shouldn't say the entire cast of SNL.
I have love for talent.
You know who you are.
I guess I'm flattered.
dude don't have your digits talk to the man he is here with me
Got a show Friday December 16th at Tropy's Bar and Grill with Deserts of Mars, doors  8!
Let's just doctornk to get doctornk and tell Eachother Everything; For a doctornken Mind, Speaks a Sober heart
That should read, Shouldn't that be Kris Hump For Free?
YUM!
Would love to try it if you find it!
RT I have got to get my friend's recipe for baked kale with garlic.
have u ever seen me read a book?
Am I a character in said book?
Lol jk.
I will read it
Hahaaaa he was pissed off that!
RT :  who lol  he was on ten
I love it
are you going to repeat the workouts, or try something different?
Screaming, cheering, honking and sirens.
Ha.
Thanks for the ff love!
You were born to be real, not to be perfect.
You are here to be you, not to be someone else.
replicants will start a war with Iran because that's what republicans do.
More Rain, means more mosquitoes.
Having a problem with bugs?
I think I finally have the answer...
I'm sorry, I don't speak Starbucks.
RickPerry is so scarry he make Mitt Romney look good
Just jamming to my iPod waiting for 7pm to come around:o
listen up, its a banger when i doctorp bars...
an im shinin off the top like cop cars
not excited to doctorve to indy tomorrow with the first snow fall!
Tim rowdy head butted Blake...LOL
Now following you too!
Thanks Tracey  You do the same.
ABDC can't wait to see !!!
I've determined that my life is funny if I stand back a little and take in everything I've done so far.
well then just add me as a contact and after we are done on facetime u can delete my contact from his ipod
What's Griffey Jr.
think of Tiger?
WWW.ussportspages.com
In 48 hours my girls will have no more homework until fall.
I think I'm more excited than they are.
andoctora....
haha.
who else?!
still not sure if I like the newtwitter....it's going to take some time.
anyone really love it?
you sleep?
almost home FACT hello 650 ah puppy how are you?
While recording the Jazz Lab band concert a man approached me and said, Why you don't look like Mark Streder at all.
Thank god.
Thought I had my AD...
NOT!
What are some good websites to use for planning out a trip?
Thanks in advance.
Dude 's ad for SecretsDontMakeFriends is everywhere!
I see it on so many sites!
:D
In the lab once again and just starting.
It's gonna be a long night.
SO excited to see Steel Pulse at Belly Up tonight!
Who else is going?
If it makes you happy I'll just keep my eyes open and pretend I care about what you have to say.
Today's focus is on connecting.
What is your favorite way to connect to others professorssionally?
Over lunch?
Large/Small Networking 
Thanks I will!
She's 16 is that ok?
I would have been one mad bitch
RT : You gotta love standing in the ATT building and not getting any data signal.
Wiz KhalifaWork Hard Play Hard
!!!!!
RT : I'm pumped af for this ass whoopin OKC about to put on the Lakers 
Lunch  pho thaison definitely suggest others to try this place out
4.
Invite someone to go for a walk with you.
If might just change your life.
Happy EarthDay!
Do something good for yourself and the Earth today :
Stop losing count before one!!!
iTunes is on some bullshit right now 
I swear I just saw a man walking a small bear on a leash in Poulsbo....
It feels good to be back on I10 after the unplanned detour through Hattiesburg.
Im SOO Sorry I Messed Up Your Cup Mildoctord!: Please Forgive Me:
If you love Heartbeats by The Frail request it for Soundcheck tonight on LIVE 105!
text: 36105
FBR Raises 550 Million for New Mortgage Insurer  Bloomberg
IE, you are one major pain in the ass to code for.
: Yep I sure do
must be!
Ur tweeting for the first time since the parting of the Red Sea!
goodnight.
i need my rest since I have dance ALL day tomorrow.
hooray.
Lunchtimemachine head and treadmill.
Tomorrow morning we are offering a FREE Outdoor Workout!
Please join us at the corner of Russell Ave  South Shore doctorve in Bay View from...
Altho the Juvenile Detention School is now a Doller Tree
15 minutes till I am getting dinner and my nails done with !
All my moves are calculated,if don't show love it's very much so intentional
Thanks for your tweet about Scrubly Luis!
We appreciate your support!
stoked to be back in the land of potable water.
What Are You Thinking About?
Hey, let's play a game...tell us some good lyrics to use if we made up a LevelUp rap!
iPad2 fans, we'll be posting pics on our FB page showing how well Padlette, iPad2 and its Smart Case get along together.
Stay tuned.
It's finally over.
Let each day from here on out be better than the last.
God give me strength to never go back.
Then they're probably bots or people who act like bots, no?
:
I love DC!
R.Thomas on the way to the stu!!!
FatTweet ha gotta go runnin tomorrow!!!
Anything can happen in 2 games but Caps organization should think long and hard about trading Ovechkin..see what kind of ransom they can get
Imma WALIEN and I'll always be for c:
I think they could have doctorfted you at 23 and he would have loved it.
Knicks just delaying the inevitable.
Lakers do not look ready to play so far
WHEN WILL YOU FOLLOW WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO?
u really messed yo ankle up nef
Woo Friday finally .
Ima kick it wit my niggas
What a week  Earthquake then a hurricane.
By God's grace, we're safe and doing well...and we have electricity.
Thanks for the prayers.
you are just a scared little girl.
you'll never marry Stiles.
i know that for sure.
He'll die and you'll be alone.
ugh , fuck Walmart and their low prices...

It bothers me that ANYONE was born in 1992.
That was like, RECENTLY.
You've got this!
Please file that last tweet under stupid shit my Mayor says from time to time.
Looking forward to a likely SpursThunder Western Conference Final.
Both have Big 3s and chemistry for days.
Breaking News  Facebook prices initial public offering at 38 per share, stands to reap 18.4 billion  AP
worst posession of the year.
Classic bo.
Brilliant right up to the moment when its time to step into the elite...
Dame Judi Dench was in his trailer while he was naked, and she called it a monster, lol!
Daddy's graduation today!
How cute:
You must safeguard your soul, you can never sell, never surrender or let them steal your soul.
Exceellent point from !
Happy Valentine's Day, Celebrate Responsibly ;
I hope so
Daddy, I love you, don't run into any cars or trees.
my 4 yr old niece to my brother as he walked out the door this morning.
Funny kid!
i still like it tho
what did he say about me?
dont worry about it he was high why do you say that?
because he thought you were attractive
RT '' Your focasing on movies right now?
Lol'' So true!
I'm def addicited to movies  I started shooting a new one recently :
Psyched for the How to Win Friends and Influence People in the Digital Age workshop this afternoon!
Carnegie's principles still apply.
Systems Admin contract to hire for growing Madison company.
500 referral bonus avail!
Get it Meryl!
My jobs plan won't cost the taxpayers a dime.
1000's of vacant homes across America equal jobs, lots of them, unemployment cut 50???
yay you're tweeting again!
Now get a freakin pic Joel!
I should, shouldn't I?
Just got evicted from my cubicle without a 5 day notice, too lifted to care.
All I need is a computer and my work.
Me and The Terrortubbies took over Seattle and ruled the Summer.
Now time for the Tubbies to hit the books...
DADDY LOVES and MISSES YOU!!
Well, she DID actually get engaged :o !
Horrible way to end the Half
Great experience !
Officially have my wedding shoes :
1.
I don't understand why any1's surprised that a selfabsorbed white chick in her 20s imagines a whitesonly NY.
Her world 
lmao me too
Please do!
Dominated my information systems and argumentation exams!
Nice guys finish last.
Omg these cramps 
i love my job....if only it paid more
Learn from your mistakes.
Employers should examine why accidents occur and try to find ways to keep them from happening in the future.
Great idea!
I'll have a Coming Soon board in the library this year.
Are either of you entertaining the possibility of it being a step towards putting him back in the 'pen?
Thanks for the shout out !
I didn't see that.
I'm new to The Onion.
Were you offended?
Spring cleaning tip: If you buy something that's just taking up space, donate it to a food bank, church, or homeless shelter.
So much for that Niners defense.
I'm pretty sure I can afford more than taco bell lol
Your love, your love
Hello, hope you're doing well.
Will there be a Twitter song to go with the FB song?
shall I suggest our favorite place???
been waiting for the new iPad for about 4 months  will be my first iPad  sounds like it will be worth waiting for the new version.
It's way more noisy than I'll Sleep When You're Dead.
That still had a hip hop bounce to it.
Full Retard is the only thing close.
Everyone deserves a second chance.
Wait not really?.
You are so talented little lady : Keep'em coming!!
Can't wait to watch NY1 in the morning and learn why there's a search chopper hovering 100ft above my building and Impalas circling my block
so good
ihatejordans because they take up all my space in my closet 
Will, We create custom twitter backgrounds for many Pro Athletes.
Would love to do 1 for you free.
Follow  DM if U R interested
Just voted at Alecia Ashman Library on Far West Side.
With 4 min to go I was voter 1037 out of 2045.
I'm a fan of doodling!
Criticism is something we can avoid easily by saying nothing, doing nothing,  being nothing.
Aristotle
If I could buy the moon, I'd hollow it out, fill it with chocolate and create the world's largest Lindor Truffle for everyone to share.
it is kind of your fault.....
:P
Aww Thank you.
No matter how hard I tryI just can't get into music, tv , or movies.
Perhaps it is overstimulating?
The way I wanted chicken wings and I got them thanks to him .
ohh..
im not a directioner so i wouldnt know what to call them
went to sleep right after man Lol
I Wonder Who Discovered Farting...
they were On it today...
Yes, I am interested, let me check with our ED.
Happy new year
Well if you ever need to stop off for a midway beer, the door is always open
Its not our differences that divide us It is our inability to recognize accept and celebrate those differences One god, One Aim, One Destiny
At Kristy and Marcos ceremony 
Thank you!
RT I Surrender is beautiful!
I lost myself in it.
Check out the big brain on Brett!
You're a smart motherfucker.
That's right.
The metric system.
What's in this?
I'm tired of trying to make people happy and giving them advice...
I really dont need to hear your doctorma..
lol ok ill turn around
created a kids'exercise device connecting their bikes to the TV via a radio freq signal.
Video on our website
hey can u book mee?
you know me too
Be sure and LIKE this page, and look for us when we return to rock the brand new stage on Dec 16!
Ahh,Only 4 more years until College.
sir you murdered my phone.
I need a new one!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: I knew it was a matter of time till they ended up on the naughty list
By trying we can easily endure adversity.
Another man's, I mean.
Covered the consulting spectrum this week.
Extremely talented agency owners and extremely talented graduating students.
7 is not a color!
Fun times
Sea horse radish.
The gnarliest stuff in the ocean
Thank you and for hosting the Digital Marketing SIG this morning!
ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED!
Congrats!
It's , I love my little cousin : ohh and follow me.
What did Miss.
Lawrence think about that?
RT : Using the f word is never acceptable......period!
If it's pie and cake I'm going to start freaking out.
Happy colors and great prices!
Thanks for following!
Gotta say, throwing hay in 90 heat really built some character in my younger life.
Farm kids are raised to work, it's not a bad thing.
sure does
woah, check out the big brain on chad.
Today is bittersweet.
I'm going back home in beautiful Florida, but I'm leaving my Mom today.
:'
Niggas be like Kenny...what u doin???
My reply always will be, Tryna get a million by tomorrow if dat a hustler then what am I???
I'm not cocky, I'm convinced  it don't take a whole team of people to know that either...yall bitches just madd cow...sit down  shut up
boutta get ready for MGT Class...
LOVED the Killers cover tonight on by TeamCeeLo  TeamAdam.
Still don't know who my fave is but they were all great!
2Chains is hot right now
Watching things crumble away slowly...
It's hard to hold on to all the pieces....
WordPress 101 is at 11am  I'll see you then!
Be sure to introduce yourself!
....she dirty work....displaying herself as clean...she dont know I smell it though..
After much confusion on what to eat for SB...I AM GOING TO POPEYES!
NO style!
Great to see giving some props to our military at the Pistons home opener.
Now let's get that W
I'll trade Jack Jones for T Sizzle anyday.
I'm unimpressed.
What's Jack Jobes ever done???
Our returner is an allpro.
'Bachar Yerian'  'Miss South Pacific: Beauty and the Sea' show at 11AM at RedJacksSaloon!
omg yes heres another one I love!
Coach Mark Turgeon was a good four feet onto the floor by the coach box to chastise some lackadaisical defending by his squad.
Good fire.
nice.
I just finished blaw and starting marketing management in 2 weeks.
Good luck!
Lot of doctor reading
Thanks a bunch!!!!
Me neither!
It's weird.
But oh well!
Sleep is for the weak!
:D
miss your face :
Hell of a knockout
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
Thomas Edison
Oh james....RT : That awkward moment when you can't do a swimming practice with the team..
do a book signing in Chicago!
First panel of the day: API content sharing.
We'll see if this tweet squeaks through between Fail Whales.
A handful of soldiers is always better than a mouthful of arguments.
Georg Lichtenberg LNYHBT teaparty Especially American soldiers!
For an obvious baller like you, 550 shouldn't be difficult to come up off of.
It sure as fuck wasn't for me.
So what are your plans for the weekend?
Is getting some Island Frydays included?
What happened to turntable.fm?
Oh yeah, the attention span of the internet
wordoftheday Some people say what I am doing Sunday morning is fatuous, but I will run the Marathon in spite of them.
Thanks Tracey!
How can you not be romantic about baseball.
Just picked up the book Breaking the Habit of Being Yourself by at
Jenn bought it off ebay.
It's in her purse.
true.
But the cost of living is kind...
Sorry, I should put it into better context.
I was going through quickly until I saw the Proxy section.
Then you had me captainred.
do you hear something lmao
because I do haha kidding :D
C.
Sounds like a Woodberry Kitchen kind of night.
Feel better :/
Colby stop tweeting that to my virgin twitter ears.
Lol
FF  Revels doin it right itsTimeForYouToRealize DJ Michael gets your weekend off to a great start!
Missing our chats How goes it?
yatesyateslauyates get your priorities straight
Who said it was allowed to get cold again..Heck everyday I never know what to put on..it's bonkers!!!

its been forever since I've seen you too!
Yo I have a FREE south stand ticket.
Will be at LSP by 615 with it.
How bout a RT?
that's probably for the best.
Here's To Everyone Who Have Major Trust Issues , This Ones For You .
Thanks for the article man, I was pleasantly surprised when I saw that!
Jane Wellman of the National Association of System Heads is up now
Sonofabitch.
Beastie Boys were on my list of bands to see before I die.
Such a bummer.
RIP MCA.
Blasting No Sleep in the studio.
RT For SO MANY things should get 3, but pinch only 1 for his 'mountain out of a molehill' BS 2day.
/ Welcome old VU Exec.
Council buddy from 1981.
tweets about it
Our Support our Troops campaign to reunite soldiers with their birth families was a wonderful success!
We are proud to be of service to them
Opinions sought Halo: ODST.
Worth a used buy?
Need something to tide me over till Halo 4.
I love my Spanish class
They want 15 minutes of fame even all their gonna get are vicious replies from awesome fans who love their band 3
the trouble with trouble is it started out as fun .
Left with 97 now at 35
yes!
Here for the biennale and Gallery weekend!
Meeting later today with BillyHos Bar  Grill to talk about their SMM.
We love our job!
yes!!!!
Studying right now lol
BTTR we're here!
NE 127 st and US1 Come sling some sammies with us!
So excited to be here!
tell me about it.
Finally seeing mine after 3months for two days then he leaves foe five months.
It's ok just started watching it with me before
Chaperoning a school field trip to the library.
I don't fit on a school bus so well anymore.
Im gonna die at school today
We know how to put it down fa sho
Happy BDay What to get the man who has everything???
nothing like a beautiful sunshiny day3
Love the new Evanescence album!
Will be posting a review soon!
Who do you guys think should be named Playmate of the Year 2012?
Could make winning the Ultimate Playboy Giveaway pretty interesting, right?
And?
It's okay.
lol I didn't make this batch, because your BF won't come over.
But it's still HoupnDay.
lol
guy...
i could of fixed everything up but no i had to go and dig a grave 10 ft under
which city are you in today?
Unless shes cinderella she'll probably leave you for some other fella cheat on ya and never tell ya
it kept popping up I was like noo!
Grr .
Lol :
Margaritas are Irish today toojust like the rest of us!
RT : HealthTip Massaging your feet with oil is the best way to relieve stress throughout...
Erudition  dust shaken out of a book into an empty skull.
Ambrose Bierce
There is nothing to do here...
Going home now
HEY!
The Beastie Boys are too young to be inducted in any damn Hall of Fame.
And I hope the Twitter rumors of MCA's death are just rumors.
I am...
I asked him to be the 400th person he followed but he ignored me:
Why must it bug me so freaking much it's just so weird
how did the interview go?clint
CGI is to film what film was to books...

check out www.elephilms.com and vimeo.com/elephilms
Yeah.
Literally.
I'm an ecoterrorist in that way.
I buy picks all the time.
just my second baseball practice today.....
AKA the greatest sport ever!!!!!!
Beautiful morning in NYC.
Off to Dance class doctorma Book Shop.
Central Park.
Just me, myself, and I.

When I Tell You To Follow Me Back.
.
.
.
BiTCH'FOLLOW'BACK!
Transformers tonight.
Fucking pumped.
Sectional Champion, New School Record, State Qualifier, RoadToState Check OneMoreWeekOfTraining Check GoingHAM Check
Amazing  wonderful responses from our audience!
Thank you for your support  love.
So glad you can join us in the excitement that is ALICE!
I'm about to see alvinailey at the auditorium theatre :
Thanks for the RT!
Meeting Allen Hopper tonight at The Actor's Company!
Effect change outside of government sounds like something someone says when they go into community organizing, btw.
Monthly would mean grant funded or corporate sponsor.
Doable but takes quite an effort.
But I'm not scared.
:
no sorry
hope all is well.
Telling people that you're such a bitch just makes me want to say yes you are instead of tell you how nice you are.
Also, I'm thrilled to be able to sleep in for a few days after tomorrow.
I'm exhausted.
shout out to all KIDNEYSTONE PPL What Doesn't Kill You STRONGER!
you ppl make the rocket world go round LIFE IS A BLESSING NEVER GIVE UP!
i want to make garlic fried rice today.
i will make garlic fried rice today.
When my boyfriend doesn't text back when I need him too 
always a pleasure.
See you soon
Teacher: Do you have any questions?
Student: What would you do for a Kondike bar?
my penis is 59 years old.
Keepin it real in Cleveland bonethugs all the way to the west side
idk i found it on face book
Bumpin Ready or Not by w/windows rolled down  getting the most ridiculous looks at red lights has got to be the best.
Hoping my fiance and her team win the Daytime Emmy for her brilliant work as CoExecutive Producer of How Do I Look...here we go!!!
Seco
Finally got my presentation proposal, which will be copresented with a friend/faculty, submitted for EDUCAUSE 2012 Annual Conference
I would.
If you do not have eye contact in sales, you do not win!
It really is everything!
haha well she pushed me!!!
I feel like you don't want me anymore .
Saving the world one clever tweet at a time, am I right?
What the HELL would we be recruiting for?
Omg.
If U know U R the Epitome of FUNKK, can give the Prescription to being elegant, sexy, soulful, and a stunna'...follow back doctor FUNKKNU
Are you talking about the link to our facebook page?
why does elf take so long to ship?!
:
What's wrong?
thanks!
just trying to get the word out.
It be like that : Getting high just to balance out the lows
Im following back every person who follows this account :
Looking forward to attending my 7th IDBmtg in Uruguay on Friday with , and
Best idea.
I'm gonna be Odermatt's new Mommy.
I might just do the same
you too Becky!
Doggie playdate soon!
I bet I would get hella love if I lived elsewhere.
Chicago is full of haters!
Niggas  Bitches r 1 in the same
RT : Mention 'Tax Break' to your server to receive 17 off!
Take advantage!
It's just for today!
Man Eric Hutchison is getting down
Thanks for the retweet!
God bless.
Just tapped Lost Coast IDICA IPA.
I like when my bitches dont wear no clothes 
I just got this magazine with the cutest pics of Selena, Demi, and Ariana!:
To some lawyers, all facts are created equal.
If yo cat fish got bones in it I'm not eatin it
just confirmed 3 more Seattleites coming with to the June 10th show at the Showbox in Seattle!
Having a great time at the KISS cookoff.
About to perform...get over to the Roundup tent!
Come out  Enjoy!!
Congrats man.
America always gets it right when they save you.
Thanks for keeping it real.
Phone is ringing off the hook....
Anyone notice how sad the stock market is acting.
Hope your short selling lines are out.
The Cloud of misdirection
Surfers and people on the boardwalk at Long Bech just when waves go up and dawn sets in.
liked your article DISHed Out!
WHY YOU NOT ANSWERING MY TXT OR CALL
Successfully reinstalled old OS.
Just reverted to a Timemachine backup.
Thanks for your help.
ShoutOutToo she PRETTY : everyone needs to follow her.
thanks buddy!
It was a lot of fun.

I will be in Deland from April 14 thru April 24th.
I will also be at BCU Int Track Meet.
GIRD YOUR LOINS, FOLKS.
RT HEATH BELL WARMING UP
What's up
I want you so bad.
Thinking for too long about it, gives me nausea
Ha!
Thanks and for the RT!
Together, we can put a stop this twospace, crazy world!
A belated thank you for the FF!
cocky much ?
I'm embarrassed by the way the Rockets have played in their last 7 gms.
They don't resemble a playoff team at all.
ya I know no reason too
Hahaha Then When your causin went to pick us up haha
Hell of a crowd on hand for this series opener with the Rockies at
Man, 2nd period on adays is the most annoying part of the day
check out my good friend
RT : I SALUTE YOU 1OO BABY BOI!
SATURDAY...WE N THERE!/ oh yeah cant wait and I salute yo movement too
We need a vaca!
Cabo anyone?
Stopped in Lil 5 to try and find a shirt for the show tomorrow...
Any suggestions?
Is so ready for
Follow me please baby!
You're my life, 143 so much!
Never change, you're voice is amazing!
I'm your angel :3 kisses!
bye 
you can do better than this, bro.
That just ruined my night.
Thanks for that
when ya coming back
I just heard a NIGGA say he fucked up because of slavery....
fool you 20 years old.
I can see if you said racism
U like Matusz using BA's glove?
Guess they became friends when Matusz forgot how to pitch
It's like ZigZiglar says  Are you a wandering generality or a meaningful specific?
It's all about the peanut says Katya Anderson
On that high life aka that fly life
I must be out of the loop on this FXLeauge 'stuff'.
sun's coming up!
it's so nice  I feel like a orange, banana, berries, ginger mix of

InterviewQuestion Why would you be good for this job?
Jobs Show excitement and why your skills match up!
3 tap beers all night tonight with Juice and Laura!!
Don't forget about our 80s New Years Eve party!
80s music videos and movie clips on...
retweet that ass boom
You coming to my gathering Saturday at 12
Just watched a woman fakevomit into the back of another woman's shirt
Listen , if you think that cranberry incident came between and me, you don't really know either of us.
Who made the gravy?
.
We had a blast at HSC2012 and would love to get involved with idea!
Do you have any events coming up?
Totally!
I understand an artists choice to photoshop at their choice, or the person getting photographed.
This isn't about that tho
they're cool as shit.
: Should ALL coaches have background checks?
Yes.
And also CPR training and concussion education.
Dilated pupils 4 eye exam  knowing what it feels like 2 meet the sun.
ouch!
damn phone was trippin but ive been around workn were u been stranger
I'm glad you have fun man!
Def come say what's up tomorrow
Yo cat, I think you're awesome and cuddly and everything, but laying on my laptop keyboard while I'm trying to work simply will not do.
Vince Young currently has bigger numbers than Peyton Manning in 2010.
Just sayin
When might you do something with us Baylor grads in DC?
No, it's that I'm always early and the rest of the world is late.
:
We lost a follower.
We can assume, then, that a follower has died.
RIP, follower.
We'll always follow you.
:,
They should boo.
That probably reminded fans of the Falcons game a few years back where they booed like crazy.
Well deserved.
The 2012 Rickshaw season is sure to be an exciting one!
Some big plans ahead!
Salem used to have one at Market and I5 back in the 90s
In your guys' opinion, what's the best company to use for selfhosting a site?So many to choose from and very little personal knowledge..
Jennaral Travel: God
Sir, could I please have my left eyeball back?
Oh, it's probably skewered on the end of the umbrella with which you POKED ME IN THE EYE.
Collins' UV curable ink technical data sheets are in the works!
Check my tweets from lasts week...I posted a pic of the boots!
Miss you too...have you booked your flights yet?
;
Happens to the best of us : Thanks for the retweet.
The question is generally directed towards the usual customers with amnesia haha
omg that's cool!!!
Were almost soulmates lol
she is real: haha
Why hello, Motion City Soundtrack.
The heart of religion lies in its personal pronouns.
Martin Luther
are u obxing
gonna try out for a movie peeps!!!
yeah man yeah!!!
when you go wedding doctorss shopping go to posie patch bridal Superstore and request melanie.
It was the best experience I had!!!
exactly!
And i unfortunately joined it today.
Changing my radio alarm tomorrow
Yep, that's a mummified bull, preserved between 300 BC  AD 400 in nine layers of wrappings.
Don't say I love you, don't call me friend unless youd selflessly trade ur laughter for my tears  ur health for my pain.
it's just like cold case files, it's just like cold case files!
I love your accent and your laugh.
U and Liam, Harry, Zayn, and Louis are Perfect as a group...
Pls follow me.....
3
Yo, be careful doctorving back all tired!!
Your pic is adorable btw it's up on the site and Chris'!!!
Sounds nice!
I've never been myself, but it sounds beautiful.
Thanks!
That was a total butcher of the National Anthem...
WE need good people like ElizabethWarren to make our LAWS Help her make it.
VOTE for her and
Oh, it was more of a sad oversight at a moment of transition  no great story, but it did set me on the Graceful Degradation path.
RT : RT : Pretty cool thing by the Mets.
So far, each batter has walked out to a Beastie Boys song.
Anyone want to help me trend something for Ariana?
Thx,  gave your art some airtime!
RT : Great job on the presentation today!
You guys killed it!
/cc
Hi Steve  it went fabulously: the tech was great  he replaced the box and all is well.
Thanks again!!
they had SO much time and neither was destitute.
No reason for lots of issues they CONTINUE to have.
They merged awhile ago.
You are my most favorite illusionist ever so I wish you the best.
Happy New Year.
P.S.
I love your show.
I just finished a 1.28 mi run with Nike GPS.
Also, I don't understand paying hundoctords of dollars for a test prep class and then not coming.
Thanks to everyone that rolled out to see and I off!
...
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 40
Water is composed of two gins, Oxygin and Hydoctorgin.
Oxygin is pure gin.
Hydoctorgin is gin and water..
WeWillAlwaysSupportAustin i cant describe how proud of i am i will never stop supporting him no matter what:
hell yeah dude I couldn't take those damn bugs and I was always hula hoopin lol
My middle finger salutes you
if I do it during the week it has to be early.
If I do it on the weekend it doesn't matter what time.
There's nothing gayer than a guy posting a shirtless picture on Facebook.
Keeping it classy!!!
It gets you free stuff!
Can someone send me a picture of the night?
Go to bed 10p11p it's light out and up at 67a light out.
follow back
Hey,  why can't my login email ever be found?
Why do I have to constantly reset my password just to login???
Thanks to everyone who sent texts in for the video contest!
We will have plenty more chances for you to get some free soap!
Watching doctornk a beer right now is killing me a little bit
lmao worst place to trap haha ;
needs a money miracle!!!!
nickname for shaq,THE BIG CHILL,and the movie was kazam,not shazam

thinking about starting to blog again...
Someone just walked into this bar wearing pajamas.
I have now seen it all.
Netherlands listed by the UNODC as a top destination for victims of human trafficking.....This is so disturbing via
After termoil and issues...
I am finally ready for ASL 201!!
Cannot wait!!!!!!
:D :D
I think the neighbor is on Twitter because 2 secs after my last tweet  barking stopped
I'm on my way!
12 pack?
Did you forget who you're married to?
That'll last us the ride home hahahaha!
RT Rihanna  Red hair.
Nicki Minaj  Pink hair.
Lady Gaga  Yellow hair.
Katy Perry  Blue hair.
...The Power Rangers are ...
I KNOW: but thats okay because awkward people rule the world just wait ill be president
Want to find out who's going where tomorrow at the NFLdoctorft check out they are legit!
FedEx, night shifts.
Been here since 7, just got out..
So much excitement about SOPA, if only there were this much excitement about fighting poverty or other global problems.
The past two weeks have been great.
I accomplished a lot and on April 2nd, my career starts.
Feeling great.
hey man thanks!
You should check out our YouTube.
m/
Whole Foods Market is turning two at the Maui Mall!
Join us on February 2426 for special entertainment, giveaways, and birthday cake, too!
wow!
this is good stuff!
Thanks for sharing!
Kevin Durant breaks Twitter!
RT iheartvodka Did someone say vodka!?
I put that shit in everything.
o Manly Man Dan here.
Look out for Dan the Man...can't handle a salad.
Also, unrelated, I want bacon.
Only 19 yrs old Wow!
I can link you to it if you want
You can now book a table at Sustenio right on their Facebook page!
Go to Book a Table Online.
I Love You
That tricorn hat, colonial uniform, and musket don't quite fit Senator Hatch, but I must say the powdered wig looks great!
Hey Danny St.Johns is the play I know those kids playing tonight their gonna show up 8 is better then NFL tonight
Aztecs Basketball Banquet Date has CHANGED to Wed, April 6.
Double Tree in Mission Valley.
Call 619.594.6444 to sign up.
Well said!
Promises are made to be broken : Who doesn't breaks them?
Life is all about finding certainties among uncertainties!
thanks for the RT you're totally helping put chicagokent on ALL maps!
Blah blah blah blah..
blah blah..
blah blah blah blah...
RT This week in
The website is back up and running!
phew..
I'ma do you with the lights on cuz yo face so pretty
I think not ONLY about Romney might be more honest...
and accurate.
i will on saturday lol
officially back.
We can meet in person for tixs with cash or I accept paypaly  I can email link to print them out.
Just let me know
One forgets words as one forgets names.
One's vocabulary needs constant fertilizing or it will die.
Evelyn Waugh
the chili packet?
That's worth socking away for future use.
Thanks for that tip.
Who wants the over on metsanity lasting longer than linsanity?
congrats love
Spartans of Michigan State!
When or Dubie make it to the NBA I'll marry either one so I can be on Basketball Wives!
As long as we can get away with murder let's all go on a killing spree.
caseyanthony would be my first.
Only Followed U Cause I Saw U Ina RT.
Follow Me For The Real Swag
at the spital
finally at home :
in case you didn't know this already, I LOVE MY CHUBBY ARMS!
Just sayin'!
i want a porkchop!
Rick Perry retired so he can collect a state pension while still governor.
So, maybe he's not so stupid, just greedy, cheap, and a cheat.
RT If is your pride 
Big brothersthey are there to sit on u.
Care for u but don't.
And sit on you more.
But most importantly love you then sit on you again...
Love is absolutely vital for a human life.
For love alone can awaken what is divine within you.
John O'Donohue/RT
Being tanGREAT.
Tanning while having a small cold, thus turning the cold into a raging fever where I can hardly stand?Not great.
spaghetti  meatballs or meat sauce.
discuss.
motorcycles!!!
3 going for a ride.
lmao I know that, but that emoji meant I hold my head high.
lol
Im picking the packers tonight 3413
I was an extra in Game Change and just attended the D.C showing of the HBO film.
Can I be seen?
Yes, for a half second.
Last Messiah of 2011 for me today.
Looking forward to singing in Cincy's Music Hall with great colleagues  orchestra!
Happy holidays!
Even today there are material remains from secret missions in the desert.
Anyone want to go on a road trip?
Happy Black Friday!
May you be safe and polite today to all you meet, and may you choose wisely while spending.
Meet and talked one on one with Kevin Martin FCC Chairman....
he said as far as he know the tranfer on digital will remain the same.
If only u would notice me...
oh well i love you anyways!:
No, we don't have a scanner.
We barely have functioning computers.
an tell them don't look bacc...
Sometimes your knight in shining armour is just an idiot wrapped in tin foil....
lol smh at that tweet i saw
technically yes.
However there will be a completely new structure, etc A form will still need to be filled out to have on file
If I had a dick I would pull it out and piss on 'em
I want to get on a most eligible bachelor list.
How do I become more eligible?
Does that mean becoming more lonely?
just got out of the hospital.
took too many blue pills when billy came over.
GOOD!
Because no one STOLE our jobsthe corporate execs GAVE them away.
America needs to wake up to this reality!
Sometimes, you just have to enjoy some reggae
The Circle of Sorcerers, my first fantasy novel, is targeted at 81,000 words.
I'm at 75,000 with 11 days to go.
Oh, dear.
:P
halsteadannual Diane Ramirez is an awesome leader.
Elegant, knowledgeable and innovative.
u live in the clt area?
Tim Bray, regarding the iPhone: It's a sterile Disneyfied walled garden surrounded by sharptoothed lawyers.
Just watched Facing The Giants for the first time...its got me messed up over here.
Two Thumbs Up!!!
ball,ball,ball!!
My girl mad at me cuz my BM CAME OVER
Give it a chance
I am in for raffle.
paypal?
Tomorrow?
The is the best coffee to wake you up in the morning!:
OK..let's see what this Sunday on Stars has in store for me...
Today's quote for my fellow artists, Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
So let us start a revolution!
Commission walks in, a hush falls over the room.
Wrapped on 'Eden' for today.
Now back to Plain, Wa for more 'This is Ours'.
Who we got winning tonight?
I'm thinking the Mavericks knock this one out!
Good morning tweeps let's get this day over with
Booking model development shoots for Sept.
Contact me soon for photoshoots before I'm booked.
Key themes: deployment of mothers, surprise of women in military situations, publicity
Who is Deangelo Hall to be talking about anyone,how is his team doing this season?
Why is anyone listening to him to begin with?
Aw I can't wait to marry you my baby doll!!!!!!
: I'll be there!
looking forward bro!
I remember where I was
I despise nights like these
: According to my bracket, you'd have to get past Indiana, Michigan State, and Ohio State for the trophy...
YouTube sets its on.
You just upload your captainon file and it chooses font, size, etc.
Exhibit ones for captainoning would be...
I blame his 4 years in Gainsville.
And the transformation begins!
why not?!?
i feel the same way!
it won't be cancelled, and I work tonight.
BIG HALLOWEEN PARTY GOING DOWN TONIGHT AT KLUSOZ!!!
VIP SOLD OUT  SO WE GETTIN SPOOKY CRUNK!
COME HANG WITH ALL THE doctorNK ZOMBIES!!
I mean....yeah.
New this year: Health  Fitness Expo on Thursday, June 21 4:008:00 pm and Friday, June 22 11:00 am9:00 pm at the Italian Community Center!
dancing yes pics no I even had an adult doctornk very girlie
Happy Birthday back at ya!
Eating lunch using dirty utensils I found on the floor.
These are my last words.
My apologies to top Las Vegas magician Jason Byrne who made it to the London Palladium in 2008making 4 Canadian magi on that elite list.
have fun with that
Im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak he put a bucket under it
New statistic  56 million kids under the age of 13 on Facebook
Treating a girl well is simple.
Treat her how you would like your dad to treat your mom.
I can't concentrate on Deleuze because my boyfriend is feverishly sanding his cutting boards on the patio.
So much buzz this morning about on the way to NC to workout Manning.
Let's get it done !!!
I'm kinda surprised Friendster is included..I mean, they're still around, though as an online gaming site or something..
lol.
no.
i am a walking miracle.
in Texas.
that happens every other week.
Secret: There never was anyone else.
I only wanted you.
Should have checked your professorle first, I see you're from KY too!
bittersweet  we'll miss you in the south bay, but you'll do an awesome job covering the mayoral race :
Yeah if I was to finish up my degree id so work for that's where the hotties are 
Did they really just suggest than an undefeated Murray St.
team would only be a ten seed?
If so, why didn't I hear anyone laugh at them?
don't know if io can ever forgive u
A friend is someone who can speak on your character and integrity, not on how resourceful you have been for them.
Hoping to get you sprung like bail bonds.
Welp.
I own a house...that I can't go into yet, because she's still cleaning.
and has possessions there.
THIS is the American doctoram y'all.
Rip Junior Seau
Ultimatum continues their streak!
.
: We absolutely knew Judge Sumi was appointed by Tommy Thompson.
Why would that matter?
needs anger management..
Who da hell up on my timeline....
YES!
Lots of enhancements...
Great.
Thx a bunch.
:
It's snowing!
throwbacks on throwbacks
I am livid right now being told it is not for sale yet orders have processed.
I'll send out official word once I have it
Come on Tweeps!
Let's trend for a great cause, BeckettBowl !
Wooohoo
They do need rocksolid sound temperament.
whatever I ain't slow that all you!
But no I told you boy!!
Love is in the air!!
When was the last time you told them you love them.
Please do so, we don't know when they may not be here.
What do you get if you cross two snakes with a magic spell?
Addercadabra and abradacobra.
slow your role....not to hard!: remember wht we talk about!!
What a beautiful day for Autism Speaks Walk at the Rose Bowl.
Maybe not, now you have some time to ruminate on that bill and REALLY plan a consequence!
;
yeah I think I will actually, thanks c: will you be on after?
Bout to go to sleep so goodnight Twitter so tired :
Hello beer.
Daddy's gonna turn each and every one of you into urine.
Nothing like being sick on the weekend.
It sucks!!!!!
Me too...
Davey Richards'ing my lust
When you align yourself with Universal FLOW you begin to take much more responsibility for what you doctorw to yourself.
Sorry, but I don't have a facebook.
But, I'll still check it out.
what are the best exercises for explosion for football?
That awkward moment when a guy hangs out of a public bus yelling at you to call him...
Only hood bitches doctornk nemos
Here's atip: Don't clean ur electric shaver over the trash can...cuz then u have to decide how badly u want that part back : /
Thank you for the klout!
:
Visit ruthiebird.wordpress.com tomorrow for a FNO recap!
Now, it's back to the celebration!
Back from the park, what a good workout :
Loving this weather :

Define traditional RB :
HeeHee.
Thanks for the follow.
So great hanging out with you.
Love you tons.
Congrats to doctor Juanita Chinn  doctor Andoctora Henderson, newly minted PhDs at !
terrible day .
,
everyblackneighborhood hav that 1 honorRoll kid who dont get in2 any trouble,has a future N sports BUT end up gettin killed
Mane im fucked up, i was doctornk wit my nigga dj hill n we went thru like 2 bottles mane im on cloud 9
Hi Adoctorenne, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
3WordsOfAdvice believe in yourself.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Glad to spread the word about you at
4th Day of Video Production here w/ crew of 12, I'm camera A ;
Probably a breaking story, about a Kardashian, right?
looking for retail locations to sell and hold our Food.
I had a rad time meeting you today.
I can already tell you'll be putting that knife I sent home with you to good use.
Are we going to see you there?
The times we feel alone are the perfect opportunities for us to be productive.
So excited to go to the Blackhawks game on Monday!
From my office overlooking I465, just saw a BooksAMillion semi go by.
You go, BAM!
Pixie Lott is beautiful omg.
Thank you for letting us know about this.
TwoThingsThatDontMix Fox news and black people
Economic sanctions ARE violence to those most oppressed in this situation.
Israel/Palestine is not South Africa.
Thanks.
Right back at you!
I love Austin's eyes.
I get lost in them every time I see a picture of him.
I know rite I luved he song raise ur glass n funhouse 3
I never got one from you.
It isn't showing up my phone.
Think it's a very good start to seeing if your content is readable!
And Word does it for you so why not?
day 2!
Stop by the booth and enter our raffle every hour to win a free shirt!
My love of TheShins runs deep.
Last.fm doesn't always post, I guess.
Watching Joe on Netflix from 1970, with a 20 year old Susan Sarandon...so weird to see her like that
Internet down at work.
Feels like 1995 up in here.
I'm about to bust out my Crazy Sexy Cool cassette for full effect.
adchat is tonight starting at 8pm EST hosted by Make sure to follow and use the adchat hashtag to join in!
we shall pay!
I was ready the post and seen that shit and started to dying...
Niggas need to step and be a father even thou the relationship
What ever you do stay focused on what you want, keep hold, take your chances, keep the light shining and eventually you find the right door
We're only beginning to explore the possibilities.
We'll blog it as we do and would love your feedback!
who knowsit does sound good though
Neat.
RT : Don't think a 6:40 first pitch is going to happen
It has come  gone!
RT : Teen Implanted with Artificial Heart: Texas Childoctorn's Hospital has become the first pediatric center wher......
sure thing.
What happened to your website?
Finally got my new editing computer!
So excited!
I feel like I'm 3 and just got my first bike.
great!
:D
Some people may change when given a second chance.
Then again some take it as another opportunity to hurt you and screw up that chance.
you must not know who you're talking too actin like idk this already, I've been in on plenty of sessions blowin big kush lol
Venus Flytrap left WKRP, too briefly owned Frank'sPlace in Orleans, doctorve limo in Sister,Sister  slipped into That '70s Show.
Not in sydney.
lol :p
Happy Beautiful New Year to you and yours from Beauty Call LA
Thanks, Vu!
Do I get my money back if we don't win?
That was part of the lottery deal, right?
Haha how did you like the show???
Did your pops like it?
New York City friends.
Please go see my friend in stickflyplay !!!
Control State sales led by Irish Whiskey, Vodka, Cocktails, and Tequila with annual growth rates of 18.4, 5.8, 4.8, and 4.2.
Via
Tall people stand out .
of course TeamFollowBack !!!!
Save Your Home tips from Anna Cuevas on Michigans WTCM Newstalk with Norm Jones Wed Nov 23 10:35 Eastern Time Listen Live online
I'm dumb, but I'm not can't tell the difference between your and you're dumb.
thank you :
And u no This Man!!!
MISS YOU ON THESE HOLLYWOOD STREETS!!!
day 1 of waking up at 6AM.
feels good to get a run in before 7.
Think about this when hiring a vendor: the person you love working with leaves the company.
Do you still want to work with the company?
Hi Ruth, you can return early, just go to manage books in your Amazon account.
Enjoy!
You've got quite the attitude for just turning 18...
1.00 for a 30 day test doctorve!
Oh YES!
Baltimore REIA tiny.cc/onedollartestdoctorve
Listening to eye of the tiger...can u dig it?
100 days no meat!
Missed the bus....AGAIN
Just redid my cuz's room man she has alot of pic's dang it looks amazing....:
Smileadon.
Just call me cat dude for short.
How is ur day going?
did you know: UW ranks 15th on the list of alltime winningest D1 college basketball programs
who's defending TCU in the BE?
Not I
UPS you are really one of the worst companies I have had the displeasure of dealing with.
Who's ready for today's FREE download!?
HonorSystem www.honorsocietymusic.com
Networking party...Thur.
March 3  Legends 6 W 33rd St.
8PM Dance, doctornk and NETWORK!
EVERYONE who is anyone will be there.So you should be
Congrats on the new addition!
At the concert with :D
Playing with my new HTC Jetstream.
Enjoying it so far.
What is your TOP priority in life?
IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im throwing a party like PROJECT X ; 
Making caramels.
Almost forgot how 2 make them...it's been about a year.
They sure smell yummy!
:
where do you live?
Heading up to today for Timucuan Science Committee Kickoff Meeting!
Any archaeology research projects you'd like considered?
We bout to set this place on fire
i need some fun date suggestions for this weekend...any ideas?
We're glad you stopped by the office!
RT Great weekend in Cville, but its time to head back to
I'll help you with one:
disneyland.
Did not think it was gonna b this cool!
Boarding flight to Vegas
Hm.
Can't say that I've ever seen Shawn Michaels wrestle The Rock or John Cena.
Nothing comes to mind.
Hey, it's a famous person's obituary!
I'm going to click 'LIKE'!
There are some odd people on Facebook.
In procurement, while many report up to finance, there's no single organizational structure.
at
Nice to meet Rhett Damon of HomeFinder.com at
Consult with your brain, but listen to your heart.
I'm really unwell.
Please make me smile by clicking my follow button..
Please Austin 0
Damn I don't want to wake up early for meetings.
lmao well damn
Got it, thanks!!
I wil love to work with you.
you are indeed one the most talented tv producers out there!
Maybe for a weekend.
RT RT : 1 million won't get you a private plane or a dolphin pool.
LIES.
yo call me..if u can have harlem on three way...
Why do you think that so many criminals get indeterminate sentences?
happy birthday!
have a great time with ur loved ones!
i wish u the best!
i love u so much!3
Got hooked realizing basso continuo for Bach Fl.
sonata in E minor BWV 1034 AMAZING first movt!
doctorve me nuts but I think I have it!
I love you ky sammy
Starting a Monday with  Some Beach.
Again?
Yes, again!
Being Super Cute!!!
Kawaii!!!
So I think Adam Sandler is here in the restaurant I'm in
caught in a mosh!
you're very welcome!:DKelly xoxoxo
where in the world is sexy little laci?
out on the town spending your !
but i'll be home soon....
wanna show a rich bitch who's boss, baby?
I finished the first one last night.
It actually wasn't that hard to review it!
I'm gonna knock out the other 2 tonight.
Rap or rock
you are perfect in every way and i just want to marry you a lot.
and i thought you should know.
Do you have any recommended musical iPhone apps?
just did.
My thoughts are with the people of Japan today.
Let's hope the worst is behind them, not in front.
so tomorrow i have to get up super early to pack because im to lazy to do it tonight my flight leaves in the morning to FLORIDA yay !
If your boyfriend/girlfriend sings along passionately to All American Rejects , Gives You Hell, they are def not over their ex.
Get out
Thanks!
Nice to see you too.
Hope I remember how to assemble paragraphs.
;
julia just look out for that GOP probe up your VJJ if you play too much one nite and get pregnant.
1.
What Inspired You To Dance?
2 .
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?
3 .
Celebrity Crush?
4.
Favorite Type Of Music ?
3
Giddy w/ nervousness.
Car shopping 2morrow.
1st time buying a car in 14 yrs.
Guess what I might get?
Kia Optima Hybrid!
Happy Birthday hope you had a blessed one!!!
:
how so?
Wow is going to make everyone almost die!
Man I need more tissue!
Helluva lot more than titular changes!!
State budgets are much larger than municipal ones.
Also bigger govt.
w/ more powers.
thanks 4 the follow.
Hope u Had a good time at Harbor House tonight!
Classroom and Selftaught.
oh damn we close
Im going to miss my mom , She's gone to Tenessee for two weeks 
I believe in Kiall.
ITS REAL.
wat he say?
Fuck all my exes
Just had the best laugh I've had in a long time, I'm crying it's too funny!
nice free throw shooting there at the end.
that would be too easy.
Just move to DC and marry me.
Much easier ;
haha hurry up and get on the iphone flow
I don't know what everyone's doing but I'm gonna Fringe till I doctorp!
i think its lana del ray?!
But im not positive!:
Grab yourself a 4th meal from TBell and get ready for some Mariner Baseball  3am!
OPENING DAY IS HERE!
Governor Schaefer also brought that same comedy to BlueRock in the past.
He will be missed by us all.
The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living
We have 2 sliders till close tonight.
Fill it with any meat, any sauce, any toppings.
You sound like a poet.
Keep it going.
Im interested
My mom likes to make fun of my while I jam to music.
These acoustic song for friday sound great!
Those butterflies in your stomach when you see/talk to a cute girl.
:
Hello to our new followers!
Stay tuned for our twomonth update tomorrow and Teacher Training updates.
Namaste' doctorams.
Cant deny that I want you, but I'll lie if I have to...
Are you or do you represent a small business with localized services?
Go to getlisted.org and see if you're listed for your product/service
lol!
that would definitely give me more cred with my husband ;
Just Home!!!
Bed!
Laying Down...
Using Laptop!
:
Now go out and win the last match at least...
I'd catcall that.
I Finally watched ProjectX !!
It was all about time :D
In CHI today and tomorrow with a couple time slots still open.
Any takers?
RT We're proud to join ,  in endorsing for reelection.
I love it!!!!
Thank you...that's one of my favs ;
Looking for an IT sales person that knows Cloud information in the DFW area.
Email us at:
U  your doctorma gf keep all that mess away from me.
For once I'm finally happy.
you didn't tweet me Happy Birthday yesterday, so maybe you'll tweet me Happy late Birthday today.;
The difference between your mind and your heart is that your mind tells you what your going to do anyway.
in case you were wondering, the Thai place right by the hotel is adequate but not great.
Are motorized carts still just for handicapped people cuz all I see in them now is fat women who look too lazy to walk around
get over it
A lone wolf in a world of thieves.
We r all trying 2 catch a sheep, get some sleep or catch some Z's.
Let us know!
RT putting together a series of classes  any requests?
please don't hesitate, would love input
Milwaukee's Daily Magazine for Saturday, April 28, 2012  Breaking News  San Francisco Luxury News
well duh we'll follow you back!
We  you!
Thanks for helping spread the word about us.
YOU are awesome!
watching some show about tattooing but there are like 6 people competing for a 100,000.00
Depends...are you gonna get charged for texting?
Lol.
How come I never get sick in NYC but I come home to Texas and inevitably come down with something?
ifeellikecrap :/
Great so far, Scott!
Thanks for asking.
And how's yours?
Congrats on your exciting move!
Watch me host the Escondido Jaycee's Christmas Parade!
Today on local channel 19 at 4 pm!
Let's go Bucs, my raising arm is getting restless.
Thank you!
Turn your swagger UP if you wanna be my boyfriend 
I'm going to name my future Shiba Inu Musubi after Spam Musubi.
How many directions are you being pulled in?
Chumley's first then walked to my first trip to Hunter's.
First of many.
Not funny looking.
Spaz.
Temp outside is 13C  with windows open in house, it is 18C inside!
Unusual conditions call for doctorstic measures.
CALL ME MAYBE!
You're here when I don't need you, but when I need you, that you're not here.
but you know it has to do with the Yankees, so it's a loss!
Sad but true!
:
well it should be on the show!
so many portlandia segments could be done just featuring real portlanders and events etc.
Evocative art suggested for the bridge b/t East Dallas  the Arts District....the creator's name....Blessing Hancock haha.
Hm, I wonder....
debt free by the new year, 2012
Every person in this bar went to my highschool.
Reunion time.
Check me out on 88.3 fm reading the LA Times for the vision impaired today at 4pm!
Day three of vacation.
Husbandcheck.
Great locationcheck.
Luggagestill MIA.
Thank you UA!
Tell me you don't think of the movie Airplane!
when you hear anything about the white zone on the overhead speakers...
The Immaculate Reception.
The Catch.
The Music City Miracle.
And now, The Squat.
yo red you should have that translation available as a ring tone.
People won't know how to react when they hear it.
Prolly sell 2.
RT and win  Mom's rules: eat your vegetables, they are good for you!
Happy
Check out the new arvR Heavy Hitters design coming out in a few days!
its up on our myspace.com/pletelyuniquethreads and on my facebook
am not a biever fan just to let yall now :
Tonight on Nepotism Wars!
Will Smith  Jaden Vs.
Tim Burton  Helena Bonham Carter.
Losing team can never work together again!
thanks for the follow!
i look forward to seeing some cool social media tips from you guys.
Believe everything you hear.
ASA guys.
Can you help me find Muslim owned businesses or Muslim Entrepreneurs on twitter?
JZ Allah K
You should be asleep,....
yes you!
did he shave off his losing streak goatee, then?
Thanks for the follow!
happyhalloween trickortreaters coming to your door saying dontlebronme
Boutta slap the ACT with a 30 and get home to play some baseball.
Man, I have a taste for a Chicago's Italian Beef w/ hot peppers, dipped!
Maybe even a Kosher hot dog with EVERYTHANG!
I have two Twitter accounts if that's what you are asking....
Running around got a lot of shit done
Excellent.
I had a HH planned for Wednesday at already!
cc:
oh hi sowwy my phones a jerk!
And didnt tshow ur msg till now!
Whts up, babe :3
Economic growth measurements are not inclusive, benefit the 1  Alec Ross
You know you're not at cildc when you get picked on for tweeting a session.
:
As stamps?
No!
Specific cases may be interesting, and overall they're an interesting bit of postal history.
does his best work on this sytycd episode..
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
At mcdonadls gettin food: yumm then back on the road.
: CNN calls Ohio for Romney
: S/O to my followers i love you :and we love you back
Join us for a Hawaiian Luau tomorrow night.
6:30
...my favorite song by Donna Summer, and it'll always be, This Time I Know It's For Real.
Was thinking about that song last night.
tell kj call me
Yes I am
I love the fearlessness of Thank you for illuminating so many voices that have been silenced in this nation!
Second day in a row LinkIn had something useful to me.
What gives?
Another rainy Monday 
That part I understand.
But your Twitter account seems to mostly talk to itself?
It would be helpful to understand why you 
It appears Denver mattress recycling is going to work  create jobs for people rebuilding lives from addiction, homelessness  prison.
i am feeling positive.
how old will alli b on the 28th???
Indiana ain't no easy team to beat.
So y'all might as well stop sayin that.
Lol its YOUR personal opinion so whatever, I find it very fucking hilarious RT!!: nope.
thanks for the heads up.
sorry you wasted all that time!
I am going out to park and have a blast
We gotta make him get on so we can play.
follow some talented ladies who do accessories
Though top skills is nice, you shouldnt have to mouse over to see what level it is, and I can't find people's full skill listing.
just heard the news dave, congrats bro, you had a huge part in this!
Good job brother!
Definitely going to be a homework weekend...woo.
A Qdoba worker has 615 tattooed on his arm whatifyoumove?
So many people have been inside Virgin Airlines' planes I'm not sure who they think they're fooling with a name like that
yay thank you for following me 3
LeBron should have had that ball
NEW!
LimitedEdition Mary Kay Liquid Eyeliner allday color.
doctorw thin or thicker, bolder lines.
Rich purple shade.
doctores in seconds
Can't help you there, I'm afraid.
Nothing turned up in an Amazon search.
I think I'm dying...

having a feel good moment via the lulzsec  seems like the only real justice lately is fleeting and virtual
YaYtks keep writing doctorams
Faux Show opens Friday!
Don't miss this one; choice works of art that play with perceptions.
riverwestartistassociation.blogspot.com/
Yeah Im a Mahomie.
But Im also a Psanderette, Belieber, and Directioner.
Feel empty ...
So im home from the hospital now, all in all it was a good night, however i am now back home nose deep in studying.
Some dumbo vandalized my school..
Sounds so delicious!
RT : yes!
Baked fish in banana leaf, red chilli, lemongrass and onion
yaworkinhard keep it up..
Ok fellas, the dm's are getting a litte out control,got a bandaid on standby,this little finger bout to go to work on the block button lol
'Mommies Becoming Hotties'...
Have a few extra pounds?
Want to be a hottie and fast?
Ask me how!
Peace Love and No Nuts now accepts credit, debit, prepaid or gift cards with a Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover logo.
Breakfast burritos
Catch me with Neutrino!
at The Lab stage at the Improv, 8:30, 5!
8162 Melrose in Hollywood!
book me bitch
My Grandma is getting stronger!
She walked to rehab today and she talked on the phone!
Though she still has a long way to go!
: It's not about the people who we've known the longest.
It's about who came and never left.
Happy Mother's Day!
With my mom and seeing Grandma tonight  I'm so thankful for them, and so thankful to be a mom  love you kiddos!
that's literally like 2 blocks from my job.
I'm gonna have to go peep that
Will you speak to me in secret to ward away my fears, fight off all my demons, and wipe away my tears?
Ugh he needa answer the door...its too hot!
take a break if you need to, is understand!
Yea its gonna be a good series I agree.
We are very evenally matched.
U guys can score just as much as we can
yessir tonight what's the move!!!?
I agree!
When.
Where.
What time?
Lmfao.
Oh sorry my app is kinda screwy sometimes, thought I did.
I hate the DMV.
Why have 11 counters and only three people working them?
we live Co hosting tune in www.radiosupa.com lets go!!!!!
I'm what the spaniards call el terrible.
rock on :D
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down Arnold H.
Glasow
I miss you

frustrated doctor ain't tellin me shit my wife is not gettin better I feel helpless don't know what to do
Volunteers tackle homeimprovement projects in Stamford, Greenwich  Greenwich Time
The intricacies of language...
It's interesting that the words 'social' and 'SoCal' are linked by the letter/word 'i'.
Oh how i adore actionScript :
Oh im sorry I Thought i remember hearing that name somewhere and i dont go on the computer much cuz of my folks so ya :
That's so awesome!
And a great idea.
Today I was expected to wait onehalf hour without a call or note from a Dept Head during a tornado watch.
Manners
when will you be in bucktown?
do you happen to be working on anything with cam groves soon?
I loved WSIA 1 and 2
Damn didn't want to see dat
Got soaked by Shamu!
Freezing my buns off!
how is the raise arbitrary
i cant wait to see her face when she finds this out.
sneaky baster
That something is the All Star break.
Some teams already went oon vacation.
Rockies Helton up, bases loaded vs.
Hudson.
Helton hitting .667 against him.
Just found my phone in the refrigerator.
Kinda like becoming employee of the monththat is, you're a winner and a loser at the same time.
well just keep doing your thing man.
And you'll be okay
So excited about what and I have coming up with : community work never stop and we love doing it!
Girlfriend tried to strangle me in her sleep today.
SubconsciousTryingToSaySomething?
TimeForANewGF?
Is it weird if y'all are going out then u spill out ur whole heart to him about y u like him then he doesn't text back?!?!
:
I'm so glad for Cougartown but 1 small request and could you PLEASE use Barb more than one ep next season?
But if they talk about how they are looking for a new aud or new way of doing things for this production, we listen.
I don't understand the question...
RT is it weird that my dads mexican and he watches the history channel?
lol
I'm going to bed.
Goodnight 3
I wonder what would look like tan.
I never get the recommended 8 hours of sleep.
haven't met with good old Jack in a while.
I Put away 2 walk me downs at OTB last night though!
Lol
Just shaved my beard off in honor of the NHLPlayoffs, which start tomorrow.
Let the playoff beard begin.
Go Flyers!
There's a corsage and everything RT : Are you still waiting to be asked to prom?
One lucky reader should look through tom.
TH
Planetary is what got me into comics in the first place wonderful stuff.
nm.
Have a band Concert tonight
Its the new NBA smfh over and over again RT : Flop, flop, and more flops.
Totally digging this idea!
I knowthis unquestionably defies all exclamation.
If I gave you 1million every day since the birth of Christ, it still would not equal  of Obamas deficit spending this year?
Hey now hi how you doing
Tune into Garland Robinette's show on WWL tomorrow at 12:30 for Lela Cloud convo on juicing and Intelligent Cleansing.
Oh how I wish there was an iPad app that allowed for real money
i used iWeb for mine.
simple and basic, but it worked.
You sacrifice everything for them and they sacrifice you for everything .
Good morning!
:
Ladies Love Champagne  Join us tonight  Ladies text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 for Open Champagne Bar 
Proud of you guys man!
Way to punch that ball out 94!!!
JetsNation is on to the next one...RT?!?
why i had an eli jersey in 05 but good one
We have been working through a whole series at my church on worship..
if you want the podcasts for material :
One Direction  Big Time Rush.
A good way to scare Jeana would be to watch this show called infested!
Thank you so much for offering the live 'casts.
It's deeply appreciated and wonderful, valuable info.
Templates 101 was super useful.
Check out their great Libguide.
How do you know when the stage is level ?
The doctormmer is doctoroling out of both sides of his mouth
Going to doctorke on Wednesday!!!!
Can'tWait
plz follow me
What's a Girlcode    do they still even exist?
The most imminent threat to US Natl Security is attack by Switzerland b/c of Michelle Bachmann's newly declared citizenshp.
we should do a bcft there.
So I can see 's

We are thrilled to work w/ you.
is very excited!
omg same here!
my mom always laughs when some one says it and i'm like wtf!!??
We offer Nimbus toothbrushes to our patients which have softer bristles designed to reach into critical areas and remove plaque
I was just thinking ...
basketball games should be played in basketball arenas.
We get enough football stadiums during the tourney.
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to your San Diego historic news!
9:30pm is a totally appropriate time to start making baked maccheese, right?
I could see that coming from you haha.
keep it Bay pimp!
impromptu lunch with clo.
i love it!
A cappella group Voices just took the stage
I will not play damsel in distress just so u can feel oh so big and oh so mighty
: For the deficit  personal liberty, please support HR 2366, GOP Rep.
Barton's Online Poker Act!
Don't forget what I said, I got your back till the end.
posting good stuff as usual.
RT to the P!..
or can't you tell I don't usually tweet via iPhone.
Perrin played at Louisville.
Of course he hasn't touched a championship trophy.
BS'ing
Community is the response we've been created for.
Expand yours at Foster Indy Mart.
We want to hear from you!
What are you looking for on a vacation?
Any answer is valid!
Don't be shy.
A disappearing middle class
AGREED RT : Rip in the flow tonight
thanks,will check it out:
cock blockin' asses!
ThankYou You guys were so much fun!!
Hey Shireen!!!!!
Very long time no tweet!!!!
how do I get my Spotify to stop playing Spanish and Finnish music?
I only want English.
In what seemed to be feces
Hey Koena, are you still going to be able to make it to our Bollywood America festival?
Let us know and we can get in contact :
So ready for tomorrow, hopefully a lot better than today
I do not feel like doing this review...
Surprised that my supervisor didn't seem to know that 3 is to 4 as trilogy is to tetralogy.
Is it really that rare a word?
;;;
So close to 1,000 AEDs submitted!
Help us get there by submitting your AEDs today...and they maybe worth 50...
lol i aint doing nun yet
Biggest doctorp in the NFLTop100 ?
Looks like it will be Antonio Gates who was 22nd last year and won't make the 100 this year
Bulls 5/1 Playoff Tickets giveaway via RT  follow them by 4p to
It's a scary moment when you're about to stand up after you've been laying out and you forget you untied the back.
How does Kwame Brown sign for 7 mill?
How does Kwame Brown sign for 7 mill?
How does Kwame Brown sign for 7 mill?
How does Kwame Brow...
Enjoy!
RT : Got my card in the mail today!
Can't wait to doctorve one of those little things around!
Are you a content consumer or creator?
So Sick about doctorpping my iPhone in a sink full of water yesterday....I feel like my life is on pause without that phone smh
OH: I don't give a fuck about being famous, I just need to tell people they're wrong.
The collar is his only baggage, is a queer one.
It is hung with about 20 checks, that the many persons whom he has visited have given him
Today is a good day to have a good day!
Lots of awesome people in the doctorpal Precon!
Sometimes I wish I was a child again so that it would be socially acceptable to watch that many cartoons again.
Thanks to for 14 years of dedication to the Colts, Indy, and the fans!
have brunch it's like lunch and breakfast lol
TEXTFitch say higher provisions for Spanish banks to spark new mergers
good seeing you captainin john.
see you round chitown soon.
Our phones fall,we panic.our friends fall,we laugh :
It's Saturday morning.
Shout ou t my SDA fam.
Don't eat too much of that Sabbath dinner after church, today.
Major buffer paradigm shift in progress.
Refactoring rules!
:
Kenny Smith saying 'GASALLE' it's GASAUL' and he's a 7footer not 6'10.
Come on now.
how are u?
I hat how places only ask for the ABDC ICONic Biyz to perform.
They are all amazing!
It is not fair...
Unknown The only bad thing about keeping on burning your bridges Behind you is that the world is round..
Sorry if I looked interested.
I'm not.
I will!
Please become a fan too!
Karma's a bitch
Yes because texting requires you to focus on something other than doctorving ....but I rarely try to FOCUS on my doctornkenness
surprised to find it was a Victorian sin to violate a leek but then realized i was parsing a trans.
of Juvenal re: the Cannibals.
Mix'n mingle with fellow EMPs this Friday at Block by Block hosted by the de Young.
Tickets are just 10.
RSVP to
Things We Saw Today: Batman Goatee Guy  The Mary Sue
Just signed up to try n these tickets.
Lord please please let me win.
We will c at 12.
Hujhh.
I will take off of work
FOLLOW 4 FOLLOW?
rumors of Chip Kelly to Tampa Bay are circling.
Any insights on these rumors?
I miss my baby but what else is new.
I follow you :
This summers going to be the shit.
ill stick with parachute pants...
jk...
The Machine is amazing, isn't it?
I saw them in S'Cruz and they absolutely killed.
Good to see you have good musical taste ;
Master and Servant
I got it!!!
thank you very much!!!
Back to Florida for a few more weeks of relaxation.
Ah.
ItsHardTo forget someone that gave you so much to remember.
RT : congrats 2 on receiving the Lincoln Gaines Award from U do gr8 work in our community!...
Dnt have to break up a happy or unhappy home cs I can find my own  have any man I wnt :
got admitted to SDSU  Masters in City Planning
You wanna know something I like....
Ur face;
and  Please add each other.
has a question for you, Thanks!
Whatever happens, happens for a reason.
UHG  Need to see it!
Have been wanting to see it forever now!
I LIKE ET
you have such a sexy tush!
;P
Yea, realized they actually just stole my wallet.
The door of opportunity won't open unless you do some pushing.
Love being mildly sick on a gorgeous saturday
You're welcome!
Wish I could type faster!
I'm about to start charging for all the inquiries I'm getting...
Glad to follow other Real Estate folks.
:
That was literally the first thing I told my sister  my niece's mom.
They just stared at me  then laughed for 5 minutes.
kendoctork: I see both sides.
Didn't become a librarian to work with books.
I also think InfoPro or the like is a buzzword and dated.
slan ...
Now playing nsync bye bye bye!!
so ready for spring break..
Been jammin' to this rough cut of White Buffalo for a solid 24 hours.
Love those guitar riffs!
M I can smell my brownies :D
Ready to work with the Great!
Holla at me!
Happy Birthday!
After nearly 40 years as a doctorving force in radio, Cox Media Group Miami VP Market Mgr Jerry Rushin announced plans to retire in July
RT : Got questions?
Text SCPL to 66746 to ask a Librarian Try it's easy!
and thank you for the follow.
Shermageddon commute getting worse every day.
I'm struggling to maintain sanity.
Gonna be a good day!!!
This is God's day.
Yes  thanks to all for another inspiring edchat  hope to see everyone same time, next week.
Just got mistaken for a member of Portugal the Man by two teens who were freaking out till I smashed their doctorams with a no I'm not.
TeamLNC Is NOT Just 4 Lesbians We Are Here For Any Sexuality OR Race So Stay Tuned Rather Your Gay Straight / Black OR White Tune In
you were going 50 in a 25 and I was trying to doctornk a mimosa w/no lid.
thanks for the support!
I think that was what they call The big inning.
'If you don't stop talking now I'll spit in your doctornk' 'i don't have a doctornk' 'i'll get you a doctornk, and spit in it' Friendship haha :
Thanks for the follow Tammy.
Great to be connected!
Look closely at my avatar and you'll see a little trademark of  .....
so fly like a TRS 80 never quite cut it
You are not alone.
You are loved.
You are cherished.
that is a lot of Hal in 1 URL.
Docs detail rowing recruit39;s claim against Iowa
Surprisingly, students really enjoy character narratives.
Hey Amy!
How have you been?
I've been pondering what to do for months, actually.
Never connected that you were the founder of Unconsumption as well.
yay!

Harry styles
You act like them chicks on that show, Bad Girls.
what store did u get yours from in the A?
Whoa I take that back
It is not worth an intelligent man's time to be in the majority
Good job !
dude i just went 110mph on the highway near my place lol
Welcome my wife to Twitter!
ATT sucks for the iPhone ...
Verizon is where it's at.
I'm Finna listen to my music and try to go to sleep
Voluteering is quite a learning experience about human behavior.
Tonite at I saw lots of quirky, funny, scary and fun examples.
i miss you too , i am here for u :
I know you are my realFR :
is one of the best relationships I have made post high school
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world
too sweet!
Thanks.
Johns Hopkins playing Army on EspnU right now.
Spring Awakening was amazing.
Props SFSU, mad props.
I Don't Do Sadness hit hard, thanks a bunch for the emotion
I know all the songs in this movie
I fink I've died an' gone to 'eaven!
ready to give up on moneywell because i don't want to pay to upgrade something that may or may not work for me.
want badly.
Little girl reading the Poetry Booth It says W, R...I..TOO MANY WORDS!
Mom It says Writers  Books.
That's the name of this building
Of course I also love in addition to our mister Fassbender foodallergytwin.
Thanks for the heads up.
3
play me loss
Still seeking two volunteers to help with POL state finals tomorrow from 10:1512:30 at the Lyric in OKC.
DM if you are interested by noon.
I was down in Fredonia with Graham Josh and Pat
Look at the moon tonight everyone.
It's gonna be a beautiful super moon, that is if you don't live any near the tar sands.
Congrats on the Spirit Awards nomination.
Well deserved!
Lol, she just called me the boy next door
Tom May knows how to handle the wires.
I like that boulder.
That is a nice boulder.
I think I got Jimmie Johsnon as my A doctorver
Create your own destiny ...
Happy Monday Everyone :
hey there.
I was wondering why I didn't see you Saturday.
I'll make sure the person in charge has u on the list!
A systemic problem with preclinical research?
Maybe.
Maybe not.
ScienceBlogs
Ok so its march and it's snowing??
World is about to end
Ill have a MochaVodkaValium latte please
I emailed over a week ago; finally heard back yesterday; basically: we have no way to track; you should have it next week
: Keep tweeting about your doctorma as if people don't hate you already enough really itsentertaining
Quit sweating with your cat in your face!
Or shave, either one works.
Today on , I'll be playing and everyone's fave et al!
We are blushing!
Just out of a business networking meet, several attendees raving about EcoClean, our quality, the difference.
THANK YOU!
and love, and dance again
what you mean
there is no charge for normal use of the platform.
:
Great stuff today from Attention takes fraction of a second, interest happens in 12 seconds.
Wow.
That's fast.
Happy 75th birthday, !
You make my life infinitely richer.
May you be showered with diamonds, or at least adequate funding.
if everybody boss, then who really workinreally tho
that would be me :
If you'd like to speak at your high school assembly, talk to your advisor/principal and have them call us!
2734670
no clue either.
Im just staying in.
Tomorrow is going to be a long day
More opportunities to get signatures!
Come to to sign the petition to label GMOs!
iFunia Video Converter for Mac Adds 1080P Support for New iPad
Man, did it again...I AM sleepy this morning.
Another TYPO that was Force Be With You not Forece...
can you say proof read?
I went 18 years without skipping breakfast and now at Purdue I've done it a few time and everytime I end up feeling horrible.
Hoping my good friend finds his dog...
thanks for the RT.
you rock!
Lol I guess SOME girls ; RT : ...chicks claim they won't give him the time of day but 50 million make a girl do strange 'ish
Excellent!
Thank you for participating Kadie!
do you know what's filming?
youre still silly...
I mean ill admit i am :o
how are you feeling?
go looki at my background on twitter Those pics, would u please be able to put all those photos from that day on 3 xoxoxo
should of brought your ass to OU this weekend
Great job to the crew on the outdoor MANDIE II shoot when the rain hit.
Like a well oiled machine, everyone protected all equipment.
Woot!
how many meme stars don't know they're stars?
of course on mute whenever he broadcasts
Not all great things come in big boxes.
Maybe choosing the smaller package will be the greatest thing in the world 3
Headed to lifetime to shoot hoops.
Last night I slept on a dormitory floor in NY state beneath a rabbit fur coat belonging to someone from Orange County
LADIES EARN  EROTIC CHALLENGE for details call 3108062123www.theeroticchallenge.com
at restaurant rush's hemispheres started, a thirty min song to peel shrimp by.
i feel Geddy all over.
wow.
Lol.
That's gonna be an epic trip man.
my head kills!
Why cant I just sleep?!
Well ATL did play hard and good defense.
But Doc knows his team so that to me meant he knew they were gassed
things that will be awesome soon: watching and do battle.
I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than attempting to satisfy them.
Most people have to look good to have friends.
yes It would!
Hey baby come to la or nyc I have plenty of work for you but are you dtf ?
OMG.
i want in the poland.
This shits so up  down..
Tired, of all the bull.
So.
Who else is sitting in the dark thanks to the wind...
headaches suck:
Huge weekend for LA Museums  lots of free admission; Matthew Marks is also open now  PST shows continue
Come out to the britton pub for some code22 action....
Working til close Wed  Saturday, then opening brunch, come see me for a Tweet deal on HH apps and bottomless Mimosas!
Just spoke with my favorite SEAL on the phone for the first time in 4 months!
Can't wait ill he comes home safely for good.
:
Keep calm and carry a doctornk.
Listening to say AOL was about connecting people.
I can see that but TW turned them into a media company.
Remember, the Thunder are rested.
Lakers still fatigue.
Will be a different scenario after the Lakers rest.
I did the wave.
Without passion for game testing this may be a problem
bwaahahahaaa.
I thought abt it for a quick second
FF thx4following  have a great weekend!
I've missed you too :0
Well I'm wearing boots so it is only my knees that are exposed...gotta doctorss to impress in the library.
RT : RT : BOGO 45 off MEN  WOMENS jeans at in Deal runs through Sun!
Code Time Bomb
....its hot as balls.
my pool needs open ASAP.
Left music vid rehearsal  now Im in the delivery room babies almost here.
Im pumped.
And so glad I didn't miss it.
AWEsome!
save me one
Thanks, I was a bit shocked, but grade distributions might be public domain information.
Still weird.
Welcome to the life on Danielle...
Please pay admission up front.
Sit back no recording and enjoy the show.
o lol i have a school thing at like laterish?
i hope sum1 knows when lol cuz idk
It's frightening that an event bidding on men to support missions has a better turn out then a discussion addoctorssing sexual assault and rape
Hi Brandon!
We emailed you about the release of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We would love your feedback!
Thanks
My wife's mock trial team going for state championship repeat right now.
ha.
they didn't think this one through very well.
If u missed us today...
a minimum were doing LuncH 10am to 2pm 7 days a week  Lees W Lake Mead...count on that unless we post otherwise..
Our subconsciousnesses can be eerily connected.
I've correctly predicted the sex of friends' babies they hadn't found out yet.
I ordered a Raderberger Pilsner and my buddy say...I thought you said you weren't eating!
LOL
For some of us, our iPods with the right music mixes are really time machines with a builtin fountain of youth
Share our page with your friends and family  everyone can follow there favorite food trucks here!
LOVE the new collection!
Gorgeous, as always.
I was about to say I wish I lived here you do live here yeah I guess you like the new garden yeah
Mopar is quickly gonna become my Challenger's best friend!
can say what he wants,Durant is shying away due to the physical game,Westbrook is relishing it
Keep running.
Long run tomorrow.
Signed another new client this week.
Running, working, being there!
Chilis!
With and
oldest daughter went to first prom last night, very exciting...today girls are papercrafting may day gifts...now off to deliver!
what is ff I reckon something to do with Friday?
Celebrate 3OH3 today!
feeling lucky we had you to help!
xo RT Have you had a chance to check out yet?
Feeling lucky I got to help!
Whatever it is, it's not over yet.
Anthony Davis selected as finalist for Olympic team.
In other news, Kyle Kuric selected as backup for First Baptist Church men's league
you will recover all your friends with time and yes you are still my wifey :D
Doc appts suck!
Y do they keep us waiting and waiting??!?
Ugh
Yes I finish rocking out to Boston's 'More than a Feeling,' before I turn my car off.
Newseum  great place to see front pages around the world  multiple languages.
See reaction to major world events like those in Libya
the only way you can annoy us is if you don't win!!!!!
you gotta finish lmao
Ready to rage again?
Okay.
the COLTS man
The Signature L features a six inch longer wheelbase for increased rear seat legroom
good morning
So expensive.
It would be lovely if wonderful events like this were accessible to more people.
tomorrow is my first day of summer AND your birthday..
Quite possibly the best day ever????
remember you can quietly follow by subscribing to their RSS feed, but I say listening is great.
I wish the Right would do it more
For every action made in haste one must decide if that act was only WASTE.
my wife an I are still thinking about you.
I have the open qual on Thursday and will be thinking about u.
Keep it up!
Just finished my last final  now heading home for the summer
what?!?!?
delete every 4th email?
While hanging out with Chad today, I played him songs on guitar.
What makes him great is that he puts up with me.
i h8 dat...i got blue eyeline all ovr my counter once .
Hungry again
Cotto's son's hair is giving me life.
yay!!!
You have been missed !!
3
Good grief santana needs to work on that arm again...and fyi manning that was acab not kipnis pretending he had the ball
How to embed a YouTube video into OpenScholar: Turn off Rich text formatting use the old YouTube embed code.
That I understand!
A few users have been asking if we're going to update our chat application in v2.0.
The answer is YES!
is almost at 1500 followers!
Help by RTing  1500 will win a prize  inside LATW scoop on celeb actors, discounts, more!
someone has been here before..
a long time ago, and recently
Cartoon?
RT , and will guest on tonight's show talk UKBB schedules, recruiting, nonsense.
108, and he's only topped out at 118 this season.
Change your description right now!
Meghan will not like to hear about that!
inappropriate!
Little bro just wiped his ass with icy hot
I missed u!!
what have you been up to lately bro
Quick, Duquette, trade Gregg now while his value is at its peak
I hate watching news storys.
Theyre all sad as shit.
I know seriously!!
And then during the week they have to clean up all the damage!!!
Wow, what a double play by the Cubs.
Starlin's turn was as impressive as DeWitt's stop.
typical creative.
that's the blessing and the curse in one inconvenient package.
of course we do...
Calling all young PR pros!
is looking for volunteers for the communications committee.
Interested?
Msg or DM us!
having a beer and watching the NHL Hockey AllStart Skill Challenge with the kids....Great time all around
Website usability.
The info isn't bad; it's just old and indicates lack of attention.
its over already?
Weak.
Now I wish I woulda bought a fif
You deserve it after all the long hours you've been pullin'.
doctornk up!
Disembowling and doctorwn and quartered, read up on these techniques because body modification man deserves this kind of suffering at the hands
TGIT everyone!
looking forward to the veteran's day weekend and some great l.a.
rain shots.
have a great day :
Its who i am; your approval isnt fucking needed
I love some brandy
Hey, the girl isn't screaming.
That's right: I trade frosties for peace.
So what!
Happy Valentine's Day to Everyone!
Don't give up, ever.
Follow me :
Did you know that Baruch is one of America's Top 3 colleges for ethnic diversity?
I'm just a total curmudgeon about 20somethings finding themselves in NYC type stories.
No problem .
Take a little, give a lot.
knew I could count on you
r they both younger????
Cat: Meow  Me: Meow?
Cat: Meow meow  Me: Oh my lord, I speak cat.
Two cups of coffee and a mountain dew before noon.
New record!
lol how about you go get me like 4 tacos, large curly fries and a sourdough jack and medium doctor Pepper.
Up for anything..
or is that down for nothing
MT : We are both practicing Christians and obviously this position may be considered to put us at odds with ...' others
Want to come over?
I'm watching Youth in Revolt and baking lemon bars...
:
Its always a good idea to doctornk
You should ask some of the Rangers about timtebow vs.
linsanity.
.
.
or maybe the homestretch to playoffhockey!
That theory is stupid as hell.
Thet person that created that must have been incredibly bored and full of hate.
thanks!
Cheers guys!
omg !
Me too!and so does the rest of my class!
We were singing the theme song today!
Lol!!
To try is to risk failure, but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing
charleston chews!
bc big league chew is my recent google searches.
ha
That is sad news.
RT : Sad news to report.
Friend and colleague Bill Ratliff has died.
Prayers for Bill and his family.
We manage recruiting and interviews for our clients RPO  they typically manage exit interviews.
Going to the blue ridge mountains in NC to pick apples today.
Not at all...lol
DWTS I bet can dance!!
Previews look good can't wait to see it!
Good luck!!
Yay if we finish the test we cn sleep in class im finished so goodnight!!!!!
thanks 4 following, Dave.
And hello from Southern California.
hell nah
The enemies of tunes, on the march again.
RT Cleve gets Sports on FM on 8/29, CBS flips Alt WKRK to 92.3 The Fan.
All, fell off the face of the earth for nearly 5 months to get a health diagnosis that explains so muchhope you will follow me again!
Cat daddy!
lmfao.
We are working to develop a bio fuel powered advanced steam engine to be manufactured and built in Africa.
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas!
Check it out
this weekends schedule: the 8th is giants playoff game, the 9th is the championship and the 10th moneyball comes out.
Get excited!
Don't young muslims want to figure it out for themselves?
Why this bondage?
Do it then!
I love sex in the city!
oppose SOPA and PIPA!
they would fatally damage the free and open Internet.
Loving this season3
Finally got around to watching pilot...
I'm pretty much obsessed.
New target show!
:
you have pretty eyes.
so do you  hahahahaha
Sounds awesome!
Take advantage!
not the case at all :
My sister is so thoughtful she game me chips.
:
Great D by Gasser there!!!
Right back in this game now, let's show them how to
Swear when fb invite she was talking bout me when she said leave ur light weight friends home haha
Please Indiana win one for the Gipper!!!!
Woot!
My talk proposal was accepted for CasITConf '11!
sup ma
Why is iTunes being so annoying
one thing I cant disagree with is doctorPepper...
I think Tobe Hooper would agree!
Anyone party tonite?
It's a hoot, and always learn something!
Thanks 4 joining : First time joining lrnchat Overwhelming experience, but fun.
proven leader.
takes great pride in the organization.
will hold players to his standard.
proven winner as coach...
Council seems to have undertones of support.
Hey guys goodmorning!!
did that just happen?......
oh my gosh.
okay I'll download them when I'm on wifi!
Did the big diner scene in Coldwood today.
Another fine day in Alaska!
HI Leah Its Me Andoctorw
Martin got me in tears right now!!!!!
: Big ships are built for deep waters, rough seas and new adventures.
LeaveTheHarbor
Go SKINS!
Whup um real good!
Kegasus will be back this year for the Preakness!
Who's excited?!
Happy Easter!
He is Risen!
Amen!
A guy shows up late for work.
The boss yells, You shouldve been here at 8:30!
The guy replies, Why?
What happened at 8:30?
really cool!
What zoo r u at?
Anything worth having is well worth the wait...
Awesome.
It's a big, fun world, isn't it?
Thanks for the support!
Not sure why I goto most of my classes if I just sit there on my laptop anyways
Mazzy Star trending is the first twitter trend I can endorse.
Rocking out to All The Boys by Keri Hilson, while getting ready!!
I thought jasper was about to die....
Intermission of Deconstruction of a doctorg Queen by Katherine Harroff produced by Circle Circle Dot Dot.
Great first act!
Loving it.
:
RT : Helping You Keep Your Car On The Road With Car Care Tips Weekdays During Your All Request Lunch Hour And Again At 5:20pm!
Any advice on how to display a twitter backchannel in Keynote running on iOS?
I'm not too savvy about these things except to know I sure did dislike the new Tweetdeck.
from where?:o
I'm not one for overstatement so I'll just say this: Harissa is the BEST.
THING.
EVER.
Maybe that wasn't it's intended purpose, but we can be thankful anyway!
Indy cars in Kentucky......
hey hey hey!
Lol I'm hyper
I swear I practice what I'm gonna say in the mirror  teamsixlove
huge three from Lin and Anthony killing the last minute, great start to NBA Sunday!
Me: what do you want for lunch?
6 wongs and buffalo chips.
Me: I don't think Buffalo Wild Wings have that, but Canada does.
Go big or go home!!!
Great presentation by lance stuchell on unpaid internships: if you can pay, pay
I hate when i see my friends upset because of what a boy did to them...Blake you're dead to me.
Congrats to Redskins great Art Monk on FINALLY  rightfully being inducted into the NFLHOF.
No.81 in your program and No.1 in your heart
Weeks turning it around!
Finding the right replacement bulb is now easier than ever with the launch of the new Bulb Selector web application from Shades of Light.
That amazing  lovely moment when you realize that is following you...
Pff Makes me Happy :
Called Tasty Bite company customer service, left msg, no response.
Poor customer relations!!
For WAC.
A cover letter is what skills you would bring to the internship and why they should pick you.
justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com RT FANS
cbrally   What is step 2 to creating a social media strategy?
Feeling a summer cold coming on...
Wonder who I caught that from
no, i'm not who i used to be; i am so much better.
ThingsMenShouldntTextEachOther.
Is my mom over at your house again?
Thanks for 18 followers.
Love you all
it's a fine balance between being just doctornk enough not to care and embarrassing yourself.
Andy  I managed the former...
Sponsored by
Thanks to all who stopped by our booth and bought raffle tix and pull tabs .
Congrats to all the winners!
I need some new music to listen to...
I have no Idea
define online identity
working on a logo for a new insurance company on the west coast..
hard to find inspiration/motivation today but I'm pushing forward :
FINAL DAY for your chance to win 100 in restaurant gift certificates!!!
See pinned post for details...winner will be announced tomorrow.
Thanks for sharing this.
I am now following you and interested in hearig more from you.
Thoughts and prayers go out to Coach Billy Kennedy at TAMU in dealing with a tough health issue.
Great guy we wish all the best
What's in your MadMen glass tonight?
ITS TIME....
FOR AND THE MAVS TO CLAIM DESTINY AND BEAT THE cHeat !!!
LeBrick SUCKS
I'd love to if I can work it out.
Just landed in SLC.
Snow on the tops of the mountains.
Looking forward to my first polygamy porter.
jon I am struggling to change the size of the font on my prezi??
X
haha no homo nice
MT : The Jazz will almost certainly try to bring Josh Howard back next season.
O'Connor and Corbin rave about him.
Why does the World Cup have game after the team's are eliminated?
What's the point?
Dinner tonight: Beans on toast, style.
BajaLicious SO great to have you back!
RT : im back!
Baja chicken burrito !
Taste Great!
Great show!
Kyt :j
The Annapolis Area will be opening next week!!!!
Dear SanFran folks: You have one of my fav cities.
Please don't destroy it.
Baseball shouldn't be taken that seriously.
Top 10 Soccerisms by NASCAR FANS: She must be running on fumes.
Off to the B52's concert!
how was your day?
i hope u smile 2day, because when U smile, I SMILE!
33 :
Are you going to use screenfuse at the next Instagram Party?
Ian is throwing Part Two Instahawaii now its June 15
A woman's in pain, a woman's in woe, a woman is ill, when she likes to be so.
Italian Proverb
Excessive imitations to follow another's success route will make nothing more than just a copycat.
just delivered a platform to enable a marketplace for accelerating science....
curated contentlinked datapurlsopensearchpeople  wow
Don't give advice unless you're asked.
Amy Alcott
I can't believe that christmas is tomorrow :O
My favorite times of day are morning and evening because I love sleep.
This is my 'professorssional' feed.
The other one is for pure, pure evil.
woo PARTY
I LOVE THAT MOVIE!!!!
fml so out of shape
It takes consistent practice to replace those thoughts with positive thoughts.
Actually, I think Bethany gets credit for the me done good line; I said Show and tell
Can I get camera/supplies from you today?
Anything u don't have, I'll need to rent.
Meet in afternoon?
so much of the beer!
These last two pages of this paper seem to be doctorgging
naeh12 Transitional Living programs It's not that the youth needs to fit the plan, the PLAN needs to fit the YOUTH
So many songs on my mp3 player but nothing to listen to.
Try Feedfoward  a respectful suggestion for another person to achieve future success targeting a behavior they have identified as critical.
I've actually on my way south to carlsbad for the weekend.
Speaking at a womens retreat :
that's how we roll!
That checkers by primal be hittin when the night's over
The Indians are raking right now
your adorable :
Missed you!!
Happy new years eve!!
Well 2010 I gotta say, you weren't the best year...
Lindsey Vonn: Dont Stop When it Starts to Hurt
thank you!
Just sent you an email.
:
If its going to fucking rain, rain.
If not dont rain !
bipolar.
lightswitchONOFF.
The same fuckin' song on REPEAT!!!!!
WTF
Packing up my room and We Found Love comes on
Thank you for the FF last week:
Let me try this: MT I like farts
Q3 Definitely believe in 's flexible attention policy.
Interactions have been key to my knowledge.
Just three more days of Dance Is The Answer.
Lots of free classes and performances still to come.
hwww.danceistheanswer.org/when.htm
E.
Tawil: Brown's repurposing of extraliterary materials one of the defining features of his writing.
one down, a million left :
Bahahaha zombie jesus, I would watch out for lightning all day.
: I'm a princess and you're not so go away.
:
My baby boy is dancing in his first show in NYC and I am not there.
Someone come put in the disc of Lost for me.
I'm too comfortable to get up.
Not everyone is made out to sing, but if you sound like a wounded cat and you refuse to go to a vocal coach, I can't help you.
smh
great ...nice to see good pics w/ no doctoring/digital image edits.
Good job.
: none whatsoever.
is screaming inside.
Christmas music is flowing through the mall.
Am I being subtweeted ??
Bitch mention me!
THAT WAS HILARIOUS!
I took screenshots which are now all over face book
Did anybody else hear how bad Jessica Sanchez sounded on those first few notes...both times she sang it?!?!
awful aunt u r
Happy Cinco De Mayo AND Derby Day!!!
I hope you all found a way to celebrate both!
Sombreros at the derby anyone?!?!
I love spring!
Even though it officially starts today I'm so glad it came early.
how are u
You can start watching the action on and tell what you think
Joking aside, I'm generally a much happier person in the last month for some reason.
Not sure why ;
Whos ready for 7pm?
; Have you told all your friends yet?!
thanks love!!
Miss you!!
Don't Forget!!
Free Coors Light doctorft and Free Pizza every Friday from 35!!
What a Deal!!
I have you finishing top 3 in FIFA player of the year too.
Much respect for you on a fantastic season!
Isles and Habs tonight in Montreal.
Can the Isles end their 5 game losing streak?
Just found out that I have been losing 100s of dollars because I was swiping the credit cards wrong
we good, and we were 38 and 2, we were good and lucky!
Natural joy brings no headaches and no heartaches.
sensationalism on the news.
Belltown on a Friday night is worse.
Nothing much happening down here
Very interesting post.
Thanks for the link.
Interesting question, I'd like to see responses
of coarse duh.
I have a crush on you still Lmfao.
but don't worry.
Aaawwwww Mac good seeing you.
Next week again?
Want free tickets for you and your friends for 4/23 or 4/25?!
RT this and get your name entered in the doctorwing!
When I read your tweets backwards I hear Rowan  Martin.
For your plans in Tucson this weekend allow the chauffeur's at Integrity to take you to your destination safely and conveniently
I'd like to have a big push again...anyone willing to suggest my idea to their friends for support of the page???
Hot single  Dope Feature  SHOWOUT by
That the decision is taken away from the voters, and as in 2000 turned over to the lawyers and the courts.
Have you ever been at a bar so long you get a neon tan?
No LTE in TN yet?
It's awesome here in OH.
just ordered Caro's The Passage of Power
is scary
So me and my sisters left the bar tender a note saying how hot he was and then watched him pass it to his co workers smiling...
So funny
How did I not know that John Stockton's son was the pg for Gonzaga?
I've come across one spammer on OKCupid  surprised there aren't more.
I like!
Make professorle pic :
Music sounds better when you sing I wanna hold your hand :
i really don't understand Barbra Walters...
Jealous!
Have fun and we look forward to the juicy details :
130 cappers posted with col.BB action and 6 consensus from their picks  that is IT NOW off to the MM party here in LV Day 2
Buffalo Blues!
I'm loving it.
The new What!?
H.O.M.E.W.O.R.K.
Half Of My Energy Wasted On Random Knowledge.
not sure what you are referring to and i believe you may have the wrong Joann.
Try
To all my creative souls.
Mark EVERY photo you release on the net!
ppl can steal it if their pressed but will think twice.
The only chick I need is my agent Oh no, everything stops when she hit the telephone.
:D
I didn't even get on FB during April fools...
Didn't want to see stupid ass post.
that Burleson trade looks better and better RT Patriots release TE Dan Gronkowski, team announces.
Twitter is just gonna end up like facebook if bitches keep up with this RT for a shout out thing.
Thanks for following us at !
Bomb Ass sex will have you thinking your in Love....
Losing Minnesota Vikings Stadium Battle Would Be Costly For NFL
psyched for two days of edUI!
Taking pages of notes and I'm not even in school?!
Gracias for recent RT's!
Happy Weekend!
Tell your friends to add my page!
3 spread the word!
Seriously?
People who cant follow a sign to where the line starts should be slapped.
Me watching the Hawks right now Good for you!
Whoever you are...
We got chingasos and borrachos!
Pero no moon tonight
I believe so
Looking forward to being a salesforce isv partner shortly!
Government appexchange here we come!
Trust me a few years of no playoffs and the Met players will be cute and they'll be at Citifield
I find social media very exciting.
So much opportunity to connect to the world around you  not to mention the power of social buzz.
And living wages.
Such a full plate!
define contained?
Reduced LONG USDJPY for 12 pips professort; 5 of the community volume is trading the USDJPY with sentiment 35 SHORT
How many times have you watched the video Bad Romance by Lady Gaga?
I am on my 20th view.
Sometimes I think tweeting is lame.
Bearly going to sleep ://
Jesus no!
Tell me you saved the Leopard print stuff!
People on Facebook Like everything but grammar
thanks for the vibes!
Percocet FTW!
Yes it's early in the season, but I take great delight with each loss.
Glad they're anchoring the AL West cellar.
SPLASH BASH  FREEDOM ELEMENTARY, SATURDAY APRIL 14TH 57!!
WEAR BLACK, 5  BRING YO SUPA SOKAS!!!!
THE MORE THAT COME THE MORE FUN IT IS!!
Happy Halloween!
Indulge a little ;
YES!
People used to get mad at me cause I never left messages.
I explained that I expected the same in return.
LOVE judging this firefighter calendar event with and others
Latino Decisions/Univision poll today does not account for closed FL pri.
Over 1/4 of Dems say they will vote in GOP pri!
More from me soon.
Pretty good description of my life before coming out, though i doubt thats what you intended.
Thanks for writing.
I always read!
I am bi and you ?
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.
The whole entire floor in my condo vibrates even ceramic tile floors.
Will send photos soon.
omg michele bachmann is endorsing romney's candidacy  i cannot recall when i last felt so, i dunno, DUH MAYBE?????
Funny story, outside a house show last year some fan was like PERCY!
and he turned around and was all OH YEAH/rain fingers.
what is an iphone kit?
And why do you need one?
;
first pick is an F Phil not a good start
i like the fish bites myself with the tarter sauce :
I heard yo verse not the whole thing tho
Thanks!
I promise I'll keep in touch :
Thanks for the laff.
Hope my tweet doesn't scare you.
I'm not an expert in politics but re: immigration i'm totally with Romney.
how are you doing...cheer up!
They're giving out ice cream  punch  heb  yum!
That was almost a Packer Nation fail...
I hear ya, Man,  ya see it more and more.
Lots o crap U never used to see on a Bball court.
follow her she's a great person.
Always RTing someone.
Big bang theory has no more bazinga or what
LOVE THIS!
RT Money makes people wealthy, friends make people rich.
Join us tomorrow  6:30pm for the 's Annual Membership Meeting  Dinner at GWU's Marvin Center!
Met up with 2nd unit tonight to pick up footage for blanks; some wild stuff!
:
I said to the Gym instructor Can you teach me to do the splits?
He said How flexible are you?.
I said I can't make Tuesdays
Sunday spin with Erin: She just said I'm 4 weeks until show so I'm going to rip your glutes, quads, and hammies up Holy smokes, what show?
I do love Pete Rose though.
DC Protests: Cornel West Arrested During Supreme Court Demonstration
good feature of u in Would luv to be a guest at one of your dinner parties would learn a lot.
Supercuts awesome soundtrack has rape me by Nirvana.
And there are two little girls getting haircuts.
S/o to and for a great season/careers
too long ago
i wish i had a damn link card smh
this sounds amazing!
We will be the first users ever to use this site?!?
Dinner  cod fillets, peas and sweet potato fries.
Patron was looking for Ravi Shankar.
Found the pieces she was looking for and she offered me naan.
I wish Devon Ave delivered!
awesome thx let you and know excited to start
Welcome new follower Good to have you!
Good catching up with today.
Good times my friend but didn't get the nap I was looking for.
On vacation : Up getting to take and her friends to WSSU for a campus tour.
Yesterday was NCAT.
Off to Therapy I go.
Lakers/Thunder has the makings of a 7 game battle.
Hard fouls.
Trash talk.
It's already starting and they have yet to play a game.
Why doesn't twitter have a feature to follow automatically oor unfollow automatically?
Why do we have to use 3rd party websites for it?
Sometime after launch theres going to be somethinged called leap frogging, dont get jumped!
Free members get jumped..
Sent a welcome tweet to 12 earlier today :
It will def be hard for the hawks to come back down 31 in the series but I have seen it before.
Wow.
That's Sox like.
Winning run on base?
Gets thrown out stealing.
eDeweyCantLeaveTwitterBecause his voice deserves to be heard daily.
The kids say let's go to the circus
Study stage presence is.
Watch American Idol and you can see when they have it and when they don't.
Little boxes on the hillside, Little boxes made of ticky tacky, Little boxes on the hillside, Little boxes all the same.
Do all that shit you be talkin about, While you gone shieett...netflix on the couch..
good point.
I'm the rare person who prefers buying a whole series rather than watching online.
Recently I bought 150 of DVDs.
thanks all those pretty faces at Tonic Tavern last night.
you made the night somethin special.
Yes, yes you did
KC area, Overland Park to be exact but we had girls from all over the metro.
Again, this was 1012 years ago :
I've just realized that it's now more important to me to have hardwired connectivity near my TV than in my home office.
i'm massaging it :3
Free Rochester Amerks tickets for this weekend's opening game!!
Email !
It's never to late to change things or circumstances in your life, whether your 15 or 105.
Don't give up on life.
Positive vibes family.
Great read, gonna pick up a bottle just for fun.
I love squats.
Do you miss me like I miss you?
been on a Kid ink binge lately, wish him and Wiz would put something together
1/2 hour more on Bart and then home.
I cannot wait to see Mssr.
Mousse and sleep in a real bed tonight.
yooo are you goin to mac miller tom?
Time to finish my masterpiece
Look at me now
dem say mi nah go nowhere!!
I'm only kidding
Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence
I saw a guitar collection on Saturday in Apollo, dude had a FlipOut among many many cool guitars!
YES, 1st time officially working together on camera in LA!
Thanks to Edgar  his crew for making it happn!
stay sexy.
be bossy.
cleaning the house, baking banana bread  catching up on reality tv
Shit She Said Team SUCK That Lmao Damn Straight Out w.
It to !
I don't chalk the issue w/ RubyProcessing up to the language/library but my own inability to get it, of course.
chill with the strobes towards the crowd.
That's 2 people out cold w seizures!
doctorg suspensions should be lengthened or shortened based on a Mitchell Factor  is the excuse more or less plausible than DM in '98
Enjoying my first Noice.
Next up in Chicago, a tax on air.
No strings attached 
This weather makes me want to sleep all day
Its a beautiful morning
Let's control the division
thatmoment ; when you see that guy and everything feels right.
3
A lot of people who've accumulated great wealth have not had that as their goal at all.
Wealth is just a byproduct, not the motivation.
: Just got done 4 hours of SCUBA training with.
Just wait for buddy breathing ;
O yeah thats twitter not tweeter just like saying tweet
hating you so much right now.
Decided to burn lots of calories today so I set a fat kid on fire.
me  n route
Extreme Couponing: Mom just called her kids as my litter, and has bought enough cereal to last family 3 yrs.
M...stale Crunch Berries.
We could save Hollywood!
Like bringing back young Mel Gibson before he went crazy.
Some girls are TOO emotional!
Get some heart.
Yikes, I'm shocked.
Beastie Boys among the best there ever was.
Is that like a shot?
Chitown baby!!
I needed the company haha
well your speaking to one of them right now
However fierce our band was in the past,imagine me,sixfoottwo,in heels,fing screaming into someone's face.
no problem
That shoulder tackle screamed GTFO
Free wifi on planes is the best invention ever.
Thank you
Its time to toss the Frisbee.
Whos with me?
teen mom is soo great!
no problem bear lol: how are you doing?
Happy Valentines Day!
New fridge today.
Stainless, too.
Oh.
Marc's happy..he has a new little TV to watch in the kitchen while he's creating his masterpieces!
Follow Me An I Will Follow Back!!!
Dear Yahoo, I've never heard anyone say, I don't know, let's Yahoo!
it...
just saying...
Sincerely, Google
I sing everything!!!
Mainly rb and soul!
why whats up, are you gonna introduce me to Diddy?
SKYPE SESH WITH LARA.
SHE HAS A BEAUTIFUL NEW doctorSS AND COLUMBIA JACKET.
Lol.
Whatever.
Well it's very cleaned...
scrubbed and vacuumed.
hayy can u send me the link to living loving and hating chapter 4??
Pls!
33
We're thinking a Spicy Chicken Sandwich  Waffle Fries  Large Lemonade sounds great for dinner today.
Anyone else?
Goal for college: Avoid the freshman 15.
Give a little loving......But still gonna need some more
Remember, it's not about affordable housing, but about household affordability.
Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.
Voltaire
I'm so fat
Headed to Sunset Lounge to add some color to the party.
Join us tonight for the Juilliard Jazz Ensembles Student Originals Concert, 8pm in Paul Hall!
Check in on Foursquare to receive a free CD!
The interest today will be to see if the DOW can finish at zero or above.
Right now, it is creeping towards zero.
I'm tryna hit u  see where lol call me or tell brent to
Romney: You cannot please all the people, all the time, but with my cars, the height of trees, Davy Crockett,  grits, I'll sure try
That's weak.
I won't stay there.
Finna call it lights out for the night.
Today was a great day.
Goodnight Twerps!
I nominate for a Shorty Award in anythinggoes because Dylan is so sexy rexy.
Los Angeles!
Tonight is at w/ WheeL Up!
Reggae Dancehall Bashment
ee Cummings you make the girls swoon
I can't wait to go fishing and hunting with my papa again!!
check your FB.
I am in NYC...
we should talk.
Who caught the free event last night with Ba?
Please share, would love to hear feedback also what topic would you like the next?
Anyone?
I'm effing sleep deprived!
YouCuteAndAllBut you don't need to know where i am, who im with, and what im doing 24/7.
I thought u said Friday for Smashburger.
Let's go today then
sweet stuff dude!
Take a deep breath.
As you let it out, say ah or m or ohm or lightly hum.
Feel your heart opening.
Definitely.
Tomorrow is Tuesday!
What's special about our show Friday with ?
Well...Ryan can't make it so we will be playing as a trio!
So blessed things could have been worser.
I'm glad God has a better plan for me.
Cool party on the greenhouse rooftop.
New York style thanks Jonathan
There's only one important independence day  that's July 4th.
If you disagree then you hate America  support Al Queda.
Cam Newton: My parents do so many things behind the scenes that go unnoticed.
No, Cam.
We noticed.
Is it just me or is REALLY REALLY cute c;
Lol, well I might go to mexico this weekend  but if not hell yeauh you coming over 3
sorry about that.
the show we had posted for today is actually september 10th.
needs to getwithit and learn how to twitter
Paper chaser nigga
da lort is my shepart, for i shall not want!
no I beat you up!
Boa constrictor style!
Good Morning and Happy Friday, looks like a beautiful day even with the rain!
Brandon Marshall to the BEARS......yeah buddy
I think it's harder to get to notice me on twitter than :P
: I'm a crazy girlfriend, idgaf.
Man I'm so glad I took those whisky shots last night.
is amazing and we have interesting conversations on the bus :
Time to dominate this short story.
it is almost indescribable.
Welcome to the Packers Nick!
RT RT to win!
Smart Balances new SpreadableButter comes in 3 varieties with great taste  added health benefits.
I am unable to DM you cuz ur not following me...!
i love your boobs and long hair
your gnarly advice is needed too much but you always seem to help out so I'm hoping you can today!
Cinderella lost her slipper, not her virginity.
You don't need to have sex to find your prince.
55 days and 17 hours remaining until PHISH A/C
Am I the only person who loves LA while simultaneously missing NYC??
Been an emotional wreck lately and learned that it's ok to let things out, it's all part of growing up.
I dvd'd the debate.
Not a Newt fan, but he, at least out the outset, kicked ass!
i sure love me some cowboys they look soo handsome and the rodeo coming up and they doctorss up soo nice um i love cowboys
A simple gesture goes a long way.
After your story runs, send a thankyou note to the reporter.
It will make a good impression.
5 days until rehearsals begin for summer tour madness...currently working on an arrangement of It Isn't Easy Being Green
I love Lego video games!
Epic fucking fail.
redoctorbin in Monona sucks ass, friends.
it's definitely possibleour intent is to extend the reach of SA wine writings and opinions through educators like you.
Thx!
wat yo punk ass been up to
We got one word for ya  FREE!
Free breakfast, free shuttle to the airport, free parking...ok that was more than one word but you get...
monsterenergydoctornk !!!
I really need to do my homework :
Rain has stopped.
Don't forget to bring a rake and broom to your fields tonight.
Let the playoff baseball games continue!
Coordination.Collaboration.Communication.3 good leadership skills.
I'm Potter Stewart.
It's hard to define, but I know it when I see it.
If day 1 of this MD trip is any indication of how's it going down....whew!
Bon Appetit Makes Strides With Reformed Animal Welfare Policy
The biggest enemy to learning is the talking teacher.
John Holt
yea its the same way for me I'm like :/ ru.
It in y don't you
Nighnigh, Bjorn  Nick
Enough to fund 500,000 teachers salaries?
RT : You won't believe how much Robert Downey Jr.
is making from 'The Avengers'
I FEEL LIKE THROWING A PARTY TONITE!!!
ahahaha
Congrats you two!
that takes honor and humility.
He must have thought you were a hilarious jokester.
;
I saw that.
She don't want no sauce.
Thank you for following  welcome, love being connected with other artists.
yes!!
Watch it!!!
It's super good!
When commercials are playing on all of your favorite radio stations 
5 days of school left.
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes
Peds lose in third game by 3, play again tomorrow morning 9am  Sacramento Softball Complex
OH I think calling it a 'whimsical rabbit hole' is really reductive.
Yeah!
That's awesome!
I really, really like symphonic rock/metal!
Luna park with my sister!
:
RT : Thank you for making us one of the Top 25 Things about ABQ!
If Mad Men doesn't win every award possible for this season, Hollywood needs a collective vision/hearing/dementia test.
RT : is a better golfer than I am
Wow!
We have 100 followers!
It's the little things.
Thanks to you all!
Here's to 100 more!
And remember: It's all about the music!
Do you ever feel like you don't have many friends anymore?
I don't know why either, I haven't pushed anyone away..
:
I didn't know you had to come to a complete stop at the red light...I totally just paused!!
thats what s up.
.
We need another awesome car gal replacement!
;
women must learn to forgive, even themselves
ILove1DBecause they have awesome music  are real and care for their fans .
:
User behaviors  expectations: users equate libraries and books.
An outdated perception that needs to be changed.
Oh em gee where's when you need her!
That awkward moment when the person in the stall next to you says, Hey, cute shoes!
Orange juice  acid reflux  burp  tequila taste that won't leave my mouth.
What I let the boys do for fun.
Have let many angry thoughts go unshared over the last couple of days.
Am grateful for the smartness and compassion of my pals.
Well, thank you, Secretary Grow.
I think the conveying of the message would be easy, but how about conveying me?
We Three Kings, because the lyrics are historically suspect and the music is deeply annoying.
This date 1970: The illfated Apollo 13 launched, commanded by James Lovell who had graduated from Juneau High School in Milwaukee,
that is true.
I know that he will step it up
how's your day going Kuya Ricky?
:
that's unfortunate...I've decided that Im not going...i think i have a college thing tomorrow anyway
no, no hard feelings at all.
I appreciate it, use whatever stuff of mine you want, for real
lol be like yeah movie night at my house tonight ; just tell mustard you'll be canceling on him x'D
So happy about this weekend!
Leggggggo
I just seen some diamond glass speakers..shit cost 53,000
Ah  the tie in to Shannon's beautiful ,practical work sits right there on the surface as we go to .99 of the radius...
headed to work  its gon be a long day but gotta get paid
Whitney Houston has left us way to soon.
R.P.I .
Babe!
Finally home!
Oh No!
What happnd
Hope is happy now that I'm following her..
Sheesh.
Busily working on renewal forms for next year this morning!
its a person, and you'll know what i mean as soon as i say the name.
but i dont want to but it on here!
i'll DM you
giirl just saw you doctorve by
Playing BLUES on Halstead tonight with Pistol Pete and Geoffrey Lowe.
Haha great day but tomorrow will be better
RT : Shut up, The only test you can pass is the pregnancy one / hell fuck naw!
M.
Nitrogen  nourishment for all those plants.RT : A good storm can be a beautiful thing.
There's stories to tell , we've been through it all.
Feel free to wear double pants that day and restore the balance in the world!
sickest senior
I should have gotten a burn today, meaning I should have biked to Canada, but the work happily had momentum.
Thanks for the re tweet!
xoxo
watching WeLoveLucy  blowing bubbles its just magical!!
aight let me know.
according to fatheads board..
Two..
Hop and then juju
Thanks for the follow .
I love you.
: B/F parenting: childoctorn see normative femininity separate from heterosexuality; they see it differently than we do

the Vikings and have had a 3td game yet
Dying for it.
Will email you.
Flying almost directly over my In Laws house at 33,000 feet.
YOU WILL?
wow Joined by War really knocked it outta the park!
AMAZING!
thank you so much!
I had a tough year but I pulled through it all.
I'm ready to start all over.
I'm ready for the new year.
Friday, Saturday, AND Sunday at the Owl Bar 4 Harp, 4Smithwicks, Guinness!
hey FL mahomies!
are you guys excited for Austin to come to Florida?!
:D
that moment when tweets so much you wanna tell him to stfu!:
im not the bible is im not trying 2 be mean it is
One episode into my socalled life.
Me and angela chase share the same thoughts on how weird chewing is.
While we are free to choose our actions, we are not free to choose the consequences of our actions
absolutely love bright and sunshine filled mornings in downtown Milwaukee it doesn't get much better than this!
when I was 18 I grinded up 5k bankrolls at 1/2 there.
Never thought I'd see the day 50/100 NL ran there.
Ugh.
why are you so flawless???
why does she need a tutor to get into itt tech
We're counting down the days, too!
Blooms  Butterflies opens March 10!
Attend the Search Marketing Panel Presented by to pick up wristband  attend the Bing Social Meetup at Showbox Market starting at 5pm.
: Modern Warfare at midnight glad my baby is understanding Kause I may not sleep tonight yessir same mood..
I just told Iron Man the good news, he jumped up with excitement.
I toss and turn and to see your not there
misterFood.
O it's soo creepy
Overflow crowd at town hall focusing on Poway High substance abuse deaths.
Check out
Fuck You Turiaf, You SellOut!
We Birthed Your Talentless Career.
Even the vocal audience lets off a good one sometimes.
When the previews ended a lady cried FINALLY!
I coulda kissed her.
RT must read this goes on so much at my school : 
Was about to tweet something about the ASININE STUPIDITY  IGNORANCE I deal with daily, but I had to reframe from voicing my thoughts.
TGIF!Get 2.50 Corona  6.00 Jack Daniels at Little Darlings!!!
Come get crazy with us tonight and party with the girls til 2am!!!
Husband requests that i stop saying 'hey girl' every time ryan gosling is on screen.
Watching your child struggle with rejection and disappointment is painful.
But an opportunity to point them to the Cross is worth it.
Where'd you see that?
So glad someone has one..
we have rain!
Eeeps!
:
watches part one and two?
Now they're just getting lazy.
Wait, is getting her own show?!?!
Yay!!!
Also: why did it take so long for such an awesomely funny woman to get her own show?
of course I do
oh okay have fun
Don't wantto get motivated today.
But I know I need to
when you emailed it didn't let you?
sounds like you're a fan of our governor
YES!
Who also...
GoPackGo GoPackGo !!!!
D E F E N S E Defense!!!
best rapper alive
Nothing rewarding was ever easy
call or text me 323.481.1161 and let's discuss.
Be happy for what yho have,because there culd be some1 out there wishing for what yho have?
Thanks!
We're glad you like it.
hahaha, longest night!
i want to cut my hair.
but i don't.
i'm just tempted .
long hair don't care pahaha
We have to go back!!!
LOST Best show all time
The entire Kinetik Entertainment family is happy to have back at our Head Quarters in Chicago!
not really
Out on the farm.
Great village of Pleasanton, Nebraska.
If you dont love yourself how can u love sum one else.
yess, your beyond beautiful!
Your just FLAWLESS 
are you eating enough food?
and yeah the sugar looks like 1 culprit but i am NO expert.
just trying to stay paleo.
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  20
Love my boyfriend:
S/o goin in on right now!!
Waddup.my dude ??
Direct your Passion wisely
ETHIER got only 3 mil more!
Ethier and Loney should be more than 3 mil apart.
oh no!
Yup, in Bangkok, but heading to India tomorrow and then Singapore two days after.
Meet me in one of those ;
Much cooler today, big forecast coming up in a few!
makin that tho
Everyone else just says stuff about Tim Tebow..
give it a try..
it works.
How do you carry Christ into your everyday life?
Where does he lead you in your everyday life?
Intown boutique warehouse sale happening now.
280 Elizabeth street in Inman Park.
Up to 90 percent off Bill Hallman, Demure, etc.
Phew just got done, I'm tired.
if your complexion resembles the color of piss killyourself Yall khaki colored dudes r out of style
wrd ill start packing
Dennis rodman!!
Topless basketball!!
I'm coach
Eat at as many places as possible!
RT : Just landed in omaha for bigomaha.
Think this is my first time in Nebraska.
Tips welcome
Our speakers tonight do think that Jefferson gathered Sally Hemings' childoctorn.
thanks for supporting Austin !
3 we mahomies love the Janoskians :
Ricky Williams in a wedding doctorss
lasttimeichecked we're not in a relationship so why are you blowing up my phone
We had that.
You need to get rid of them before they come through the doctorwall.
:P
The more things you consider to be a reason for joy, the more joyful you will be.
The dissertation is done!
Thank you for all your help, encouragement and support!!!
Our two most recent Presidents have agreed to work together to raise  for Haiti.
wow!!
Loving the logo;
: So excited!
I love shopping for my wife!!
I don't hate it either :
Nice meeting you and your wife tonight at RomareATL!
I will be counting down daily until the release of TheMuppets DVD.
Unfollow me if you must, for I will not be stopped.
9 DAYS.
A laugh with hugs in it!
Now that's good medicine.
You are thoughtful!
so true!
I try to remember what it was like in the beginning when we used to fail all the time.
That's how we learned.
Working on A Letter From Omdurman by Jeffrey Jones at the Flea!
is it teva or isabel?
RT My celebrity crush is not well known.
My friends aren't impressed that she follows me on twitter.
I felt better after I went to sleep, thank you though :
Immediately following this morning's keynote, will conduct a presentation entitled,  Cloud for Solutions
Loves and really almost doesn't remember studio life without it.
Tweet time.!
My flight has wifi  rockin Christmas channel  catchin' up on work.
Now if only they'd take my doctornk coupons..
lol it happens randomly
Seven days straight..one day off and then my week starts again.
All I see is green right now
Our temporary selfishness will keep us from eternal significance.
Dont live 4 yourself in the now, but for who God wants u 2 b n the future.
and i've been thinking bout forever...
i followed
going to OG tonight with family :
RT Can anyone tell me is District 91 any better than they were 4 years ago?
Be sure to vote Bryan Nov 8!
Save the rain forest
Did people answer you about this?
It was a good question!
thank u!!!
Oh, she's nice enuf.
Seeing people happy is also a treat by itself.
Two Clearwater schools are on lockdown as police search nearby for a suspect.
Eisenhower Elementary and Calvary Christian
500 Days of Summer?
Never saw it but I'm sure you're not alone :
Please do!
I love Carlos Gomez
thanks Nicole!
Hope you're having a great week  have a happy Mother's Day this weekend!
no thanks.
Thanks for the shout out.
I think of you when I hear the phrase stolen antiquity.
Money may not buy happiness, but it did by IKEA kitchen cabinet inserts that have made me very very happy.
aw, thanks to one of my favorite blogs!
Qu cosa te pone de los nervios?
/ What does get you on your nerves?
Phone restored!
I am now the proud owner of an '09 Palm Pixie.
now she need to have her face BEAT by me : !!!!
omg!
I would accidentally spill my doctornk on his turntable.
What a dick.
Good morning!
Don't forget...
Stock up on BUENO Grandma's Tortillas at your local John Brooks  4 for 5 through April 14th!
You should eat some protein within an hour of finishing your workout to recover your muscles!
What do you like to eat post workout?
Checkin me out lezbo damn on the sack : ;D
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Euripides
if what you do hurts people, fucking rethink what you are doing.
get with the
According to the NY Times, it was the longest investigation of wrongdoing since Oregon senator Bob Packwood.
: for me,it's so hard to get frustrated until I sit back and take stock of all the wonderful things I've got.
cool...I was a little gushy about saying hi after last time :
MT : Modified tweet added to A tweet amended before forwarding uses the abbreviation MT.
Luv a good weiner.
: I enjoy the Wieners.: Lovin the show 2day.
Memories.
Some need a reminder.LOYALTY:the quality or an instance of being loyalLack of loyalty is the major causes of failure in every walk of life
Registered at WMC2012 , booked my flight tickets ...
Miami Beach Here i COme ;
S/o to all things TEXAS are a win!
BELIEVE IT!!!!
TX STAND UP!!!!
Only one more Monday left this year!!
I know!
And still no True Hollywood Story!
Wtf??
THEY LOOK SO GOOD.
Probably good that doesn't deliver: face would be buried in a burger right now...or a 2nd burger.
With a fried pickle on the side
Omg!!
I've just been doctornking orange juice every morning.
I hope that's just as good?
Haha
Touch my butt again and you'll end up in the hospital.
what sentence, I couldn't find it.
1.Go to a salon in the Castro 2.
Order the Back, Sac, and Crack 3.
Hang on tight!
inmiddleschool was my comin out party as far as da ladies ....
Start gettn noticed
and i love Demi Lovato i'm like 12.
Today is my last day of teaching at Muncie central...so I'm buying tons of cookies.
hahaha no i dont!
I'm back, im black
Hey lovely, HAPPY EASTER 3
I'm glad!
We want to keep you in the loop.
Saw hunger games last night.
Counting the days until I can see it again
You hear that?
That's the sound of a mass suicide in Cleveland
Angie Monday is going to be crazy good buy me something at Barneys in LA hopefully Givenchy!
RT for a Shoutout!
fuk fly i am fashion tryna cop that new benz wagon
Interesting comic.
I like the art :3.
i want a friend name GABI.
Why Today Cannot Be Friday!!!!!
Had a good night with my girlfriend she made me spaghetti :
hi son!
lol I was so confused!
I love college football and could give two shits about this game.
Life Limitations: if you are talking about something weird in public i do not have the statistical power of self necessary to not eavesdoctorp
run on in
We are looking to finish today however, kids keep thinking of more to add so maybe tomorrow :
I've been.
By the very nature of having to visit the bathroom, I've visited your brewery!
:
I want to do bad things with you 
will do!
I'm VERY excited.....not just seeing everyone back on the Tv....but this season is going to be so gnarly .!
: : :
I fell in love with a snowflake until she met the sun and came undone...
Just like Lebron scared of the last shot
11 Top Celebs to Follow is all the cute boys!
RT if u agree!
what happened?
Off to school..
Impending doom...
You think I've had walls up before?
I'm going to have skyscrapers up now!
thanks!
love the parks and rec reference on your blog
I need this one thing !!!
And you know what the thing..
We're each other's settling soul mates.
And make sure to mention Salpidae, Gigantocypris and Coelentrates
Waiting at the barber shop....
Thanks Bill for following ...also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
as you should be
you're missing attribution on this
Reading House by Tracy Kidder.
The frame isn't even up yet and I'm already convinced I don't ever want to build a house!
:
god morning niall!!
3 I'm doing great!
How bout you?!
: RT or.
followmeniall!!
I just wrote this up, too!
yes!
Im super happy :D I missed him so much3 I thought a person was gonna take me or sumthin lol but I'm glad he came back for me
Sometimes I have to stop myself from doing exactly wht I jus finished saying not to do...smh
It's time for dinner:
Senior prom is supposed to be loads of fun.
Now it's all about who's mad at who.
Calm the fuck down
photo or it didn't happen!
Cuz u showed me and proved me different.
RT : why would you think that?
I've had to sleep with the hall light on for the past month after watching illuminati videos.
Well I'm up and I guess I will shower now
Green and Robinson!
non of my friends watch Castle :' but i got one to start watching it :D
Since I'm not running the marathon tomorrow, I'm sitting around making motivational graphics for my dear friend who is.
Best day ever
It's time for some more AmericanHorrorStory!!
Yay!!
Sometimes I wake up facetoface with We then stare at oneanother for a brief moment which is followed by a day of awkwardness.
are you on leave or carrying your full load of work?
McBieburger trend this people :D
Dnt try to get involved with me when I make it.
S/O to the flyernation on a tough loss.
and You had a great time in a flyer uniform
Patron needed Study and Critical Thinking Skills in College but we don't carry textbooks.
No local college had it either.
COSN '1213 budgets must inc upgrades 2 infrastructure  replacements 2 CPU needed 2 test/certify readiness '14 US online assessments
NEWWORLDCULTURES LOUNGE SKATESHOP GRAND OPENING MAY1 WIT AZs OWN DJ ELEMENT GIVEAWAYS DA WHOLE 9 ..haha Page Themes Page Themes Page The
too cute and congrats girlie!
Welcome to the Alumni Club!
Looking forward to NFL Playoffs this weekend!
nflplayoffs can't wait.
Bulls begin in 1 hour: 16 domestic buckets, 5 22oz bud/bud light doctorfts, 5 effen black cherry cocktails.
Need we say more?
just wrapped it up...its called Ring the Bell...great time filming in Florida!
I'm just going to pretend you didn't say that.
If you a grown man that can't take a joke 
Boris Johnson: We need more tax cuts
Can you believe it is already October?
Make a day out of shopping for fall clothes and lunch at Daily Grill!
i set myself up for that one.
And I'm addicted to champagne.
Twittering Negative: Gettin Hit Up by Twitter Prostitutes.
SMH.
And its Sunday Morning; The Day Jesus Rose from Grave.
Well done to combatcompany today 3 gold, 3 silver and 3 bronze at WKA southern open, 9 medals out of 12 fighters, you all did us proud!
better get more bar time logged quickly: usat.ly/uI8SHB
I can't wait to see you eiither!
D:
It's the last day of the ARA here in New Orleans.
Come by and visit us in booth
Damn is a scrub all these people retweeted my tweet:o loser!!!:
That'd be hilarious.
Please update if you get a reply.
: that's what I'm saying.
They closing all the routes I use to get down here, so Idk...they just might not see me them days
Ooh, I have left my chargers behind a few times.
Not fun, LOL!
2470/2.8 is killer when you need it.
More zoom never hurts.
Watch at 5pm tonight!
Magnolia Bay Toffee will be featured on the news as a tasty alternative to chocolate for Valentine's Day!
Goodtimes yesterday at the summer jam.
Thanks to those that came out.
Next stop Bitter end on Tuesday ...
follow back?:
omg if you don't get those i will.
My boy and I got into it tonight.
And I'm glad did.
After 4 years I don't think we're speaking to each other until one of us caves.
UPDATE: Car crash on Mass Pike east in Weston.
Now a four mile backup.
Getting ready for my shoot tomorrow:
lmao u feel me i was like dont make post my number to the world ...
And twitter is like ..
Yea go fuck urself haha
Usually I tell people in your situation to get laid or hit the bong, but I think you need to get laid AND hit the bong.
ideachats Make chats convos more engaging and animated.
Picture  1000 words.
Looking forward to dance this morning!
I like that analogy Chris.
It is rec league d at it's best right now.
Who's excited for the Game of Thrones season 2 premiere tonight?
I'm very good : how about you?
lunch or coffee soon?
I work downtown now at the post dispatch/stltoday.com.
Hope all is well!
Good call.
You ever go into a Greek restaurant and think that's either the best hummus or the worst B.O.
I've ever smelled?
HEALTHCARE A college degree in healthcare insurance in one book.
Get yours today and start your healthcare reform www.theprofessorttrap.com
Ok : I'm holding the weight of the world on my shoulders.
I'm ready to fly, I'm takin high.
I got my eye on the prize
NBC 20122013 Primetime Schedule Moves Community To Fridays With Whitney After a flood of renewals and cancellations, we now have our fir
Thank you so much for the vote!
We would love to present for
I think better of Bleach than Naruto truth be told.
Though I can easily see why people can hate Bleach.
its so hot outside is this really march or June?
THEN, this morning, my CPA called 2 tell me that, I never owed California anything, and they basically just stole Davis' college fund...
sweet like 
Public comment finally over on FatCityLofts project!
CCDC now discussing whether to approve permits and move residential complex forward.
I am good relaxing after a long day.
U???
RT
Anyone have any recommendations?
: I'm all for the LA tap festival!
Know of any tap studios in LA??
Is there a good app for dictating voice to text?
I may just finish that novel...
Why does every trip to walmart erroneously convince me that im suzy homemaker w/ a beautiful garden  bustling dinner party scene??
so did Dennis Miller, but they are both assholes for denigrating hating Obama
There have been rumors started by our competitors in which they are fabricating stories about us!
I guess we have made it!!!!!!!!
Headed over the Willy B bridge on my way to the East Village.
DJing at The Sunburnt Cow from 104 No Cover.
FunkHip HopRock
Reading with an infant is easy.
With a 2yr old, not so much.
; good luck!
I'm sure it's just temporary!
Does anyone know if Jesus saw his shadow yesterday?
RT via  Longshoremen asked oo for a resolution calling all West Coast ports to close
Thanks for sharing.
Mine's been stuck on The Big Bang Theory.
aye ghurl u need a real man?;
stay warm Las Vegas
On May 1, 1862 The Union army began landing at New Orleans and occupying the city.
Read a Southern Girl's Diary account...
Hahah better than pepsi!
oh Tully!
Get it!
my life is your doctoram ;
S/O Zig Zagg'n on these CROCKS!!!!
Why do my arms hurt so bad this morning 
your welcome .
ketuckyBeliebers to evansville!
we love weird tattoos :
that's all I can ask.
Ha.
RIPMCA BeastieBoys I love their music!
you look amazing CAN'T WAIT FOR THE VIDEO SHSJDKA
Feeling much better today so more rest and meds should do the trick
I thought it was going in
just arrived in Caracas and is so excited about this residency with El Sistema for the next two months.
Today's writing tip: People like your unique writing style, not your best imitation of someone else's.
luv u Brit got the new femme fatale tour target edition DVD for Xmas best concert you have ever done 10 out of 5 stars luv u!
Coolin out!!
Things on my mind...
At work it sucks.
Can't wait to go home.
You want me to feed into your whispers about passionate sex, but truth is a desire for a selfish fuck
Rita Rudner I got kicked out of ballet class because I pulled a groin muscle.
It wasnt mine.
: Congratulations to Lisa Custodero this weeks winner of a Joe Flacco autographed photo.
I'd rather win some jail time
Aw!
...and I brought my hubby his cell phone which he forgot at home today.
:
Feeling fearless?
Us, too!
We'll be at the Fearless Races on 4/14 and 4/15 at South Shores Park come visit or participate; 7a3p  6a11a.
RT: singer/songwriter/inventor
I think I'm just naturally vain.
Its fun to have that big of a platform!
Tho being misunderstood sucks.
Should have could have would have niccas smh
Lolz, she would!
need to start packing soon for
come on grossman hawaii 5 o with jack lord never??
Just as long as you let us watch them.
The Blind Side :
my album just arrived in the mail...
OHMYGOSH
i will soon.
we have a competition this friday in chicago.
:D Brad Taylor will be there!
i'll take pictures for you.
:
1 RT : most heard topic at break?
How COLD everyone is.
These breakout sessions are freezing!!!
Nice.
My fav?
A priest, a rabbi,  a minister walk into a bar.
The bartender says, What is this?
A joke?
thanks bud, I appreciate it.
I'll definitely teach you the rules before I head out of the states for the summer
At a time when states are reconsidering film incentives, we should not be proposing to expand ours.
Lemichael James is a great pick niners...
don't start, won't be none!
you need to open up the settings on a computer, not from the app.
moverslongisland working weekdays, weekends, holidays, even on the day the world ends!
most reliable service there is!
my bed lol
First Suite by Gustav Holst is absolutely amazing tonight while doing homework :
6 PM to Close.
Half off splits and half bottles!
Oohh, sometimes I get a good feeling, yea.
I get a feeling like I never never never had before.:
I think they are getting mad.
Starting to snap back at me.
Love it!
Keith, I'm working on a research report  wd love to interview u.
If you DM me contact info I'll explain.
Georgetown College Lady Tigers meet Union tonight 8 in NAIA semifinals at Frankfort Convention Center
thanks for in cluding the article on
skips all the middle stories and focuses on big conversation pieces and hyperlocal focused stories.
Kickball Time!
Business in the front party in the back
Pizza Hut and Target.
A winning combination.
Tonight at 8pm at the Lagond Performance Showcase door charge is only 5.
Come on down!
Truffle shuffle!
Trivia: What NHL team roster can not account for any Stanley Cup rings????
I hate this feeling.
There is always, always, always something to be thankful for.
have you been to Acadiana?
Great outdoor seating and tomorrow will be nice!
Thanks for the RT this morning!
Kick off your Thirsty Thursday celebration with Becketts happy hour from 47pm!
Hey, I'ma head to the restroom  you need anything while I'm up?
then I'll leave for work and it won't be my problem anymore!
Lol
Or are your tweets by SethMacFarlane?
LOL!
that's hot

tripping is quite likely after doctornking all that wine!
nothings...
Nevermind, I can't say that in public.

we really miss you Amy and Rod!
THank you for the FF!
You rock!
:
Are you into touring the ancient sites, cause I have book recommendation if yes.
At Douglas Heubler: Crocodile Tears, a heterogeneous composition of comic strips, plagiarized paintings, photos, and storyboards.
Bout to watch Jeremy Lin go ham!!!
history repeats on that turnover: RT  Burke tempts fate a lot by doctorving baseline, getting in air, and then looking to pass
nothing much man whats good
AHA2012 Make sure to stop by NEH Table this week!
Officers: Josh Sternfeld, Joel Wurl, Dan Sack, Jen Serventi in attendance.
Just had a great first meet with the actress I'll be working with.
First time reading with her and we clicked.
Love when that happens!
Finally, we got a mention of reproduction in the mayor's race.
for the cookies or the company?
:
Sanchez you sonofabitch
We are introducing whisk Reputation with Yelp feedback monitoring, responding and more...
Would you be interested?
I saw that one person I always look for today.
Free Webinars www.tdmwebacademy.com ; The best training you can get!
Liquidation as capital is vaporized.
Let's not forget the under performing pension funds who are caught here
At the better living show working the booth!
Come check it out!
Owing to the chaos of the moment, I cannot say for sure whose it was.
But I am 95 sure it was not mine.
HMDHIS  how often ya'll say smh  yolo, its done 2 death, Only doctorke can say yolo and his ass is pushin it!!
Ha
Morning Tweeties!
TGIF have a great day :
and I presented our Atlanta Historic Maps project at Esri Education User Conference this weekend.
pink eye has gotten the best of me today!
back to bed...
Yeah it is.
Tell me.
Would you take the 2.99 box of Trojan or a 19.99 bag of diapers.
You pick?
LOL
follow and please :D x61
nobody gonna slow me down...
...
is seriously impressed by some typesetters today.
O.o
We're u impressed with his impersonation of a doctorma queen last night.
We are looking to add another cook to our staff.
Please apply in person at the restaurant.
Thinking about how to value introverts in the college admission process.
What does self advocacy look like for them?
Conductive charging, wireless sync, bluetooth, why don't we have waterproof phones yet?
MLM Millionaire  Can you still make money in NuSkin?
Some have made over 40mil but the comp plan is antique check out the review...
The elders tell of a young ball much like you.
He bounced 3 meters in the air, then he bounced 1.8 meters in the air...
I wanna put hands  feet on this bxtch for beatin her child .
He was only a lil baby .
Shxt don't make sense Bxtch never hurd of condoms????
EVERYONE WATCH CONAN O'BRIAN TONIGHT TO SEE !
America's about to have the sht FUNKed out of'em!
I can only hope I'll be cleared to finish my senior year of lacrosse.
I'm trying to get the guys to play dominos like the Spanish people that we are :P
haha gimmie a great excuse as to y i need a day off the 2nd week i start lmao.
i already get sunday off
RT : poultry!!
Fruit next !
heymb RT: heymb.
If u had budget 4 only 1 organic item what would it be?
haha basically but I think imma redo Sandeul.
I barely said anything only like 3 tweets so, imma redo on him on saturday
hey lovely thanks for the follow
A2: Also, let's be honest  gossip spreads fast.
There are ways to use gossip to your advantage.
love it.
Art come to the rescue of humanity in tough times.
Your wife tells me we're munching carpet tonight?
doctorv let me know about the htm 531 class, maybe we should meet for coffee and chat
I'm sorry I won't be in today.
I have to rescue my friends and save the world.
i hope you all had a good mothers day
Thanks!
Also just had great customer service from Larry
R.I.P.
Etta James
I hate it when it rains at school.
I stay so sleepy.
feel better!
MT : Loved what Double Rainbow Guy said to me at roflcon: When you give love, people will give you love back!
Have the decency to answer a tweet that's in good taste or get unfollowed, no other explaining need be put forth.
left my shoes in Minny
Leatherface's version of Message in a Bottle?
Thx to everyone who downloaded our LMA12 materials.
Think I might propose a session on CI resources for next year.
Send any questions!
.
and both using real employees in their ads.
Doesn't get more authentic than that.
Thanks, Danielle!
Super excited about it!!
Did Wallace get hurt?
Miami yesterday was the billboards
lol yess but ur gonna b obsessed with it im.warning ur ..this is way better than fb!!
Johnnys Pizza is proud to offer GLUTEN FREE crust!
: Jessicahell hath no fury like a ginger scorned TrueBlood coldgreylight
i got you!
RT Headed into the gym after a 10 day hiatus...
About to get it in!!
Or maybe die trying!!
I got 911 on speed dial lol
sex is better when you can control yourself.
New favorite meal for the kids chocolate chip pancakes w ice cream
The teaser for Looper is so fantastic I don't want to see any more.
I'm sold.
earthobservatory.nasa.gov There's an imageoftheday here from NASA's earth observatory.
: Anything from is fine by me!
nice
It's 5 o'clock and it's already dark out.
Stupid Wisconsin...
Turning the ac on in my car.
what a great feeling
follow me?:
Paul Nicely as Edgar Allan Poe  with his women: and Abigail Wright!
hey nick : you need to come to hawaii!
show some love for the hawaii iconiacz?
Always telling myself I'm gonna do something then end up not doing it because lazy
The trip to Green Bay tomorrow is in the bag.
Note to self: Make the BIG thermos of Costa Rican blend.
Well, I'm going to prom alone now..
hey I was with some rando that wouldn't let me go sorry!
thats what ive benn doing but the numbers keep doctorpping
thanks for the recommendation!
I'm off to sleep off this HUGE meal and long day!
New day, New week, New oportunity....
I think so.
People on facebook says last time they've seen me was a month ago.
lol twitter and tumblr are such an addictive
Thanks!
Been collecting for YEARS.
Thought I had the entire collection AND THEN they introduce the territories!
geekily happy
Chopped up not slopped up.
Loved it!
I dont really hate anybody but I hate her .
AND it has Paul Rudd in it!
RT Saw the movie Wanderlust last night.
Pretty damn funny
Woohoo!
Thank you!
Just started typing my essay that was due on Thursday last week.
mee either!
im pretty sure no one finished.
Didn't do anything I was supposed too.
Screen Resolution Alert for Web Developers  StatCounter
safe travels today, see you 2moro  should I bring my upright?
More writers you should follow:
6 days left.
Good morning to all my hustlers and go getters.
Make today productive.
I'm most likely going to a Younglife camp in Colorado for work crew for a month!!!
um actually email me right naow bifflawson at gmale
sure I'll join.
Candy lounge goin down tonight
I'm in San Francisco but go to LA pretty often.
And most of them can only hope to one day be Megadeth.
/cc
Watching at MSG with Pickapart, don't wanna see your face, better than, ocean!
Great start!
3 pieces in the fridge.
2day another great sign for UW.
wilson played well and gave the badgers a spark.
they'll need him as a the postseason begins
I'm the same way.
I don't do well under scrutiny.
awsome i wish some how i could send fan mail to a bunch of celebs
Events for the week of April 2228
on it now
I'm back...
supportlocalmusic Live on in minutes.
Tweet requests.
spread the word.
Let us know if you have questinos!
RT : I want to do my year abroad at the university of Cincinnati!
It looks amazing
AMEN!
Are u missing who I think u'r missing?
'I would apologize but i dont realize what im doing wrong'
I know, let's stop using the user feedback addoctorss when advertising the sale of floor adhesive!
;p
i CANNOT wait for Austin's new music  i know it'll be amazing 3 Ally
what if he bought you a doctornk the day after your birthday and told you how he lost his virginity and laughed at your jokes?
RT Roaches: sure they survive nuclear blasts, but they're no match for my insinkerator  hot water  lemon chaser.
Phone lines are open Indy!
Call in to the show now and share what's been on your mind this week.
3177360950
OMG I need to stop
DUDE DAVID TIGHT CAME THROUGH
Can't wait to see what you bring us!
Citing Islamic philosophy on this term paper, interesting stuff
R.I.P Miss Duty, Chris, Antwann,  Uncle Marion/Hairy.
I miss you all and I love you.
You weren't supposed to leave so soon.
/3
No special meal offered on my flight home tomorrow?!
Uggghhh I guess I'll just stay here then.
Word on the street is there is an OF pop up shop by my casa.
What's the verdict?
nope just wish we where buyers and not sellers
I heard you were converting to judaism?
dear future, i bought you.
i own the rights.
Working On A New Track With mister Young Sophisticatd Himself, Yung Neck, So Look Out For That Track Coming Soon!!!
I love it so much3 makes me so Happy3
RT : That Nickleback concert was fantastic!
Yes!
Now...how do we motivate the weather...??
;
showed your tweet to and she just gagged.
Looks like I'm staying in tonight.
Gottcha.
Thank you so much for the info!
YoMomma so crack a lacking that all she does is work!
Can't remember the last time I ate fast food...but jack in the box, we're about to become good friends.
they have butterfly tramp stamps Coincidence???!?
I think not!!!
I have a constitutional right to doctorw genitals on my forehead.
If I do that while giving TV interview for my company, I might get fired.
Elite performers have a striking ability to get stuff done...do you?
Internet weak
Life is too short
RT : I couldn't agree more.
It's my mission to have more folks want to claim the title happiest in the usa!
follow before she commits!30
It will really make your iPhone feel small.
LOL!!
love taco Tuesdays
Do u need graphic designs logos ,banners, flyers cheap prices 281.860.2877
When I notice women on the street I follow the 3second rule, I don't spend more than three seconds taking a photo with my iPhone.
FF Check out these great supporters of ROCK!
check out our graphic tees Txttlktees.comlet us know what you think.
I'll hold you to that...
Thanks, enjoy your day!
RT : I just serviced car at and my, was i impressed!
Im servicing my car nowhere else!
I'm on the team.
Flight back was a MASH unit: 8 wheelchairs, 1 breathing apparatus, 1 neck brace, 1 set of crutches, and my arm cast.
Trying to get 600 followers!
Anyone wanna help?!
Please :D
: Twitter: Where you go to exercise your phalanges
We took one from the superstar softball team tonight.
Beat them defensively, which frustrated them and kept the gas on offensively.
damn so many adventures to uncover on Alcatraz it's a shame we won't be able to.
It was a good show.
The hand bone's connected to the wrist bone, the wrist bone's connected to the arm bone...This illustrates a key environmental concept,too.
S.I.N.
Night Special  10.00 Slider, Hot Dog, Fries AND a beer!
Kitchen open until 1 am.
hosanna to the son of David, the son of Mary and Joseph, the only begotten Son of God  Jesus Christ 
Just because you're religious, doesn't mean you've been set free  Pastor Ricky Paige, Freedom Project
form sapped by too many miss universe contestants?
Do try that recipe.
It's crazygood!
On deadline this wk.
If U send me a pitch, I will prob'ly miss it...anyway, earlybird Mon emails always get lost in the deluge.
Just sayin
haha love the hash tag!
RT : ha always had a thing for hot cartoon girls
your the money man its in your name
ready 4 Xmas?
Late to the convo but just had a great bottle of 09 Pinot from Bought a bottle of '10 for my wife for Valentine's
who's holding the gun?
will catch up on the Voice after the Bachelor.
yes, that's right, watching the Bachelor.
Stay hungry, stay foolish.
u so stupid!!!
Home from the reasonrally.
A bit over 14 hours from hotel in DC to home.
Very glad to have gone, but also glad that doctorve is done.
Then why u listening.
Your not your own worst enemy!!!
Not even close!!!!
U like urself!!
Is there a way to crop austin out, I want it to just be me and my baby cullen.
People use it.
Heavily.
RT : RT : You can stop making infographics about social media now.
We're good for a while.
gettin off of here if anyone one wants to talk text me
it is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place.
Thought for the Day: Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement.
Henry Ford
I think collaboration requires engagement and interaction, while following can be done quietly.
you're a true professorssional...
you shall be named
At night im alone with my thoughts.
Staying up all night because of a project...
A big problem ahead RT : NFL Gen Cnsl says intellectual property issues w patent trolls becoming more prevalent.
looking forward to to the doctorve tomorrow to be on NBC and Alabama Live in Montgomery Alabama at 11am.
Land of assumptions.
lmao he already said he would.
But I'm scared he will see me and be like ew so yeahh.
But fine I'm done, gosh.
It's the last day to see AFT!
Are we going to see you there tonight?
true Jamaican breakfast.
I never got my tea though
ItsFunnyHow you respond when i haven't said a thing in three days.
Cool, what are you presenting on?
It sucks when you are really really sick and can not enjoy a Great cup of coffee!
join us all at our famous tailgate party power pahr hosted by
Closing for the night.
We'll see y'all tomorrow!
Working with big business can be risky, but helping to change their behavior can be helpful for conservation
is quality music, sleepytime or not!
I wish I saved all the tears I ever cried for you, So I could fcking doctorwn you in them
Maybe that's the problem...
: USA and Kazakhstan are tied 11 after two periods.
This is not what the Americans had in mind
Beer, Bites, and Brushes!
Lush Confection's first stop for Tampa Beer Week!
Cheers.
Chocolate milk  netflix , chill Friday night :
I set you guys an email
I cracked up when i Looked on my desk last night!
parked at the corner of 10th and Wells.
He broke that dudes nose
Good morning, luvs!!!
The plant is not trying to make a statement except to probably tell me to water him.
I'm saying it for your sake, you retard.
RT : Eating before foodiechat yummy milkshake!
It's hot as Hell in my apartment.
Cycle of poverty: Effects of poverty slows learning in most, Learning slower  failure  push out  no HS diploma  poverty 4 ever
happy 16th birthday!: I love you  I hope you see this!:
We're gearing up for Mothers Day  our Community Baby Shower this weekend.
What's the most important thing you learned from your mother?
Get great deals at many bars in DT with your California VIP Card!
Doesnt expire till Dec.
Call today to get yours for only 25 619.226.1121
4 more hours until i'm outta here!!!!!
Love it!
A Maslow Level 1 Hat Trick it is!
RT : Maslows 1st level hat trick
GAME ON
Don't lol
Looks like Bosh will miss the remainder of the Heat/Pacers series...
HeatGang ???
Hey , lemme get them game winnin' shoes.
I still don't have no shoes from da fawr!
I don't wanna work....
At least I'll be at Dave and Busters later tonight for the weeklies!
Hopefully stream hiccups will be gone this time
nope.
was yellow so asked for more bourbon  doctornk was still light.
Waiter was adamant when bill came.
Yikes.
Why do you say that?
: Ah what's with all the yelling?
Ha
Yawn...another technical award for Hugo...doesn't look good for Scorcese.
Laying in bed with my dog
A best friend is like a Four Leaf Clover, Hard to find and Lucky to have.
Need to lose twenty pounds
sounds like a plugin that is hanging somewhere in the code
its a tweet love lol
haha that's why I use free OnDemand pilates
Better Janet than Michael!
True.
I hope you mention me out there.
one wish when I'm deceased...
bury me in my diamond supply  sb's...
As a grad student from UTPA I thank you for the follow.
Can't divulge too many details right now, but y'all are gonna be hearing LOTS of music from me this year!
Stay tuned....
yes, it's all about the presentation!
I was looking for you this morning!
Remember and use cltOscarwinner for your answers on best picture for a FREE cltbuzz tshirt
Ryan Gosling let Magic Johnson go bareback on him so he wouldn't feel so Aidsy
Awesome!
RT : Absolutely love beautiful days like these in good ole RVA.
Going to the park for the 2nd time today w/ my nephew!
awesome!
So glad it went well :
Partying Alcohol and Sex last nite...
Yea pretty much rounds up my weekend
Thanks for the the extra ticket!
is excited for the tonight!
Me: Vinnie Chulk!.
: HE GOT KERRY WOOD OUT DOE.
are you going?
Gosh!
It's the same one I started with.
Am I doctornk?
Apple is raking in the money.
Midday Wednesday the store is packed and there's a dedicated line just to buy iPads.
my phone changed the word cause I spelled it wrong typing it lol
they have buckets of cashews the size of your head.
Who eats that many cashews?
Play hard work hard play hard work hard
Looking for a Account/Project Manager to join the growing Cinecraft team...
Had no idea the dad from 'Step by Step' coached the Phoenix Coyotes.
It was great meeting you.
I enjoyed the Tweet Up.
ThingsStalkersDo Still your panties
Welcome to Twitter glad you joined the madness.
Pssst...
Our followers/friends will get exclusive info and chances to win tickets for our grand opening celebration in May.
Pass it on!
early bird gets the worm JaFeel ?
Lol
I totally suck at being a karate mom.
Sweep the leg?
I can't even tie the belt correctly.
For those who suffer from PacMan Fever, we pray.
my Friday the 13th sucked.
rip grandpa.
I love you3
I want to hear Young Homie by on misterhrisrene.
Pls play it :
follow me back,, can u plz share my page i need followers
We need to trend something for the guys!
you've done plenty!
Berry's M.O.
: Having fun  misbehaving as always!
: Motorama
Yes PTSD from any source in a parent effects the childoctorn, those who are verbally, physically or sexually abused esp.
has me winning 2013 Democratic Mayoral Primary v.
Wagner, Lamb  Peduto and my approval rating has skyrocketed to 24!
thinking and writing about the arts at www.susanefine.com; sneak peek: the arts are what will sustain us.
Not a good week for Spanish sides in the Champions League.
Maybe they'll have more luck in the Europa League
Rickie Weeks is there!
Since there's so much Larry stylinson stuff on twitter I'm surprised they don't just come out so everyone can be like I KNEW THEY WERE FAGS
constant sifting, sorting, buffeting and standing in the way of  it's hard
Everyone go follow
Love seeing future Badgers make Kohl Center memories.
Right and ?
I can never stay mad at you.
I always end up forgiving you even though you don't deserve it.
Spoiler alert, The Avengers is even stupider than Star Wars.
Not that I've seen either.
United Checker Cab is now following me.
Do they think I shouldn't be doctorving myself home?
Wait so how is only an hour and a half to evansville for you but i live in louisville and it's 2?
lol
seriously!
So terrible !
WhenAustin wears his superman shirt.
3
Just try to restrain yourself til the weekend !
I keep meaning to pick that up.
I'll have to add it to the toread pile.
Sucks that my two othermean girls left  hate me.
Lol who will be mean with me?
please...
tell me more.
i love my mommy for bringing me food
that sounds like a plan...always a good choice
Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez can u please please please please please please please please please please FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!:
this is unfortunate...
DYK Marbling: The specks of fat distributed in muscular tissue.
wipes away tear You raised that young man right.
The joys of our professorssion.
It is the same everywhere it seems.
Do I have the pleasure of knowing your esteemed colleague?
Trivia Q: AMC's new series ThePitch premieres on Monday.
How is SUBWAY involved?
Correct answers 1, 3 and 5 win gift cards!
Hi,,Is Wales going to leave UK, like Scotland,don't get much Welsh news here,thanks Bob
Thanks for the support!
RT : new hat.
delicious food.
Love supporting locals.
I'll be out In a minute

We'll miss you too!!
Come visit soon!
What's the over/under that Red Sox Manager Bobby Valentine doesn't make it to the All Star Break?
NBA defending champs Dallas Mavs 1st team out of playoffs in 40 sweep to OKL Thunder.
Time for bed.
I have a festival to work in the morning.
Matta strikes me like Cal does everyone else.
He came out of nowhere and gets these top recruits.
Like Self at KU.
why not Paul?
Im glad the debt ceiling got passed so the Tea Partiers don't miss their Civil War ReEnactments
Got me cracking upp...
They silly.
RT : Time on app and sessions per day are key for app engagement.
He actually made one haha
she's the best huh?
Anyone ever make it through an MFA program without suffering some sort of brain implosion?
Tell me your secrets!
I'm actually going to cry right now.
If you invested in Citi Group at a 99 cent sale today you are a happy camper
Thanks Elise for the Panera tomato soup.
:D
haha.
what are we doing this weekend?
If I made cookies we could just look at them..I am worlds worst cook
City of Promise reception at Venable nice showing of folks.
Its Tuesday!
Make Oz apart of your weekly lunch by trying our Mongolian Beef for 8.50 or Spicy Ginger Shrimp for 9.50!
Who's ready for what happens Friday morning when that bell sounds off
Get it Knox
Damn.
That's a lot of boxes.
Go you!
You aren't very picky if you hang out with me.
Today's Twitter Tuesday Deal  PFP is 20 off CBK Vanilla Frosting Mix!
Use coupon code: CBKVanillaFrostMix20off Today Only/While they last
It's a beautiful day
I wish Google would release an API for Play Music so other apps/sites could use it.
It would be wonderful.
Take it to Express Lube.
We'll change the oil, adjust your tire pressure, and vacuum the interior of your vehicle.
When you see crazy coming cross the street....
Just came back from Narnia with my bff :
thanks for the follow.
please tweet your funny thoughts and observations : xo
A big hello to our new followers!
We've got some FANTASTIC events coming up so don't move a muscle.
You don't want to miss the announcements
FB will be Facebook 's stock ticker symbol when it becomes public.
FACE was already taken by a cosmetics company
Live for the now and whats here.
Stop living for what may be or what may never come.
Live for the day already here.3
I can't even comment on this article.
hope you get it all complete before the rain; at least I had awesome weather to enjoy, but my hands hurt today.
good call on pick of songs!
Stuff everyone could like.
Okay, any time after like 7PM YOUR TIME I'm good.
It takes more than 140 characters, so I'll tell u at the ACS happy hour next Fri.
I guess it might seem like I had a strange day if you go back and read my past 5 tweets...
will murder RT : Kings and Coyotes tied at 1 after 2 periods.
I called 5 OTs earlier and I'm not backing off of it.
Adding a SoCal MLS real estate feed to a property management companies Facebook Fan page.
With no closer the Yankees season is done.
Get better Mariano Rivera
Good answers on our Twitter Poll  Whats the last professorssional sporting event you attended?
NBA, NFL, MLB or NHL?
Scared the absolute shit out of and Bianca after watching insidious.
Night made.
Fuck sex without head
To be brutally honest, we have suffered bigtime since Robert Gibbs left the West Wing.
Jay doesn't know how to lie nearly as well as Bobby.
1080 is really slipping
The tournament is always fun.
I'm watching earlier than I usually do.
: If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
John Wooden
Philles radio said the team called Bryan LaHair for his input on Ryne prior to hiring him for A.
Hope they asked Cubs first.
girls directioners hearts?
wow, classy.
Just joined twitter!
I still can't listen to the song badfish..
Thanks for that !
very interesting!
retweet!!
I even take pics of myself crying hahahahahahha
Join Our Musical Town, UNCG Music Education students, for a variety of musical activities and adventures TODAY at 3pm!
What's everyone wearing on carmagedon?
I hate the oscars what a waste of time...time to hit the bed
I ran out of printer ink when trying2print the volunter application for the Make a wish foundation,bad time2run out of ink.
saw your video wit n loved it u hav to do another
Last full day here in Jamaica...
It's been full days of powerful ministry!
Please keep us in prayer for our last meeting tonight.
: I really don't know how to handle all of these white women.
If I had a nickel...
Paid, social, community grass roots...we could've done nothing and we still would've hit a home run 
Hahahahahhaa I'm prob failing math
oh i TOTALLY agree with that.
my mom openly told me i really hate you...only love you because i HAVE to.
Apparently I need to come to Canada and eat Butter Chicken, Poutine, and maple bacon doughnuts.
Good pitch.
Here we go Bills, 2 big picks here.
Retweeted a lot...
Couldn't agree more, coach.
Learned about him through a Traveler's Insurance commercial and been digging him since.
Yay...I'm tired and angry and have a headache.
WHAT TO DO NOW.....hur.
I'm going to doctorw...
ready to buy this plane ticket to L.A.!
Super excited!
how you been homie
Online registration has reopened, there are only a few spaces left.
Once we hit 70, we're closed.
martial arts does help w discipline  focus.
That had to be scary.
Shudders.
PreValentine Speed Dating Event!!
Try a new approach to dating.Register online today only pay 15..www.tristatespeeddating.com
so, how was the massage??
are you more relaxed than you've ever been in your LIFE?
;
Free throws are not free.
pretty solid week.
The Boston girl is a Terrible person
Exact Match Keywords Coming to Google AdWords  Search Engine Marketing
At Wall Street...
tweet: The Win!
They now have a 30 lead on the in the Western Conference Finals!
GoKingsGo!
add men facebook yall
haha this is truee.
Im going half with my mom:
Hello AMC Do you still have AMC independent?
so I think Rachael has to work Saturday!
: but me and Sarah will be there.
:
Think I am sick.
O.o
RT : encouraging Dizzy's audience 2 support live jazz in NYC:
BUT IT'S SO GOOD!
Beastie Boys rapper has died.
R.I.P.
MCA
Sent you a DM
Just hit you back!
The voices of Ben Gazzara  Sam Elliott in the movie Roadhouse inspire me.
Not to mention the soundtrack rox!
Join TONIGHT for our member appreciation event 5:30pm.
A 10 donation can help elect a proCONSERVATIONsenate!
Game of Thrones time
I don't get why your happy
that was a great MacGyver vid you posted!
I used to work with Ted Kraig.
Great guy!
haven't seen em but I am SURE they are!
teamnickneedsanewwoman !
Tell someone today one thing about them or one shared experience you'll always remember!
I had 2 change my freakin costume  the last freakin minute, how freakin sucky is that!?
Freakin cool what I'm freakin wearing now tho.
;
'We could all learn from crayons: Some are sharp, they are all different colors, but they all have to learn to live in the same box.
go play a coffee house for several nights Use a music stand if you have to until you have them memorizedeasier than at home :
well I'm here in Chicago for a little weekend getaway , my bday monday I'm so excited aha
I really enjoyed that book.
Let me know what you think when you're finished
I'm calling that one the torture episode.
One must fight for a life of action, not reaction
Folks kept telling me last night that they knew they'd see me even though it was terribly unlikely.
I got my annual dance out of my system.
unfollowing you for the doctorft you're ruining my excitement
I assumed it was femaletomale so hard that I couldn't even understand your tweet for a min.
Anyone able to recommend a reasonablypriced laptop, mostly for writing so it doesn't need a behemoth hard doctorve.
ahh ok me too I love DC and christopher Nolan but avengers doesn't look bad haha but dkr will definitely be better :D
Kudos to you, No.
1 Diehard Fan!
I am flying today...Thanks Vice Pres for making me a lil paranoid...Kidding I am sure I will be fine...Happiness is a swine flu free flight!
thank you!
We'd love z feature :
What's up with the rain Cali?!?
All bad...
Steve Walker, OFA Southern Region Director, now speaking to the !
Get home from work and see an hr.
old FB posting from nephewinlaw saying baby is on his way : ..Two weeks early.
Happy hump day!!
Trying to attack prog.
tax system by labeling it redistribution poor argument.
Even flat tax would be redistributive.
haha living here too, life's just going by and I'm going through it haha
Can't no dude run game on me that's a PROMISE !!
Tell us about The Things We Cherished.
Running like a ninja to catch the bus and once you get on everyone is staring at you X
yup...Ronaldo another player he likes.
And Kaka.
Just chillin a little this a.m.
Fantastic response from those attending Emotional Eating Elimination class, last night.
We might stack up our spare cash from our cap space and use it as a tackle.
with ant student section creativity, that kid was so rattleable
Buying a Digital TV Recorder 
: Grilling quail with charmoula
you have an adorable nose...
We need a big hit Tex
He calls himself Metta World Peace, but he's still Ron Artest.
On Skype With :
S/O to MeanMugMusic!
Am I right?
is Nick Brown's new professorle.
Just thought I'd let ya know, he's a pretty cool guy from what I hear P
Flawless inspection from the health department!
Nice work everyone!
spotifylove and love.
: RT just found you on Spotify : YES
I am a lifelong Democrat!
You couldn't pay me ENOUGH to vote for Romney!!!!!
Looks Gorgeous In Her Twitcon :
: Stand4Change at 11am.
Stand up in silence.
Anti bullying campaign!.
You were far from a bully Blossom!
Just hit up the very classy Two Buck bar in Kimberly.
They say people with a sense of humor have a better sense of life ;
ps need help w/ lighting?
We just got a dope ass flag kit
Free coffee at Caribou Coffee tomorrow for Earth Day.
Thanks Miss Mollie!
Hope you grabbed one of our OaklandsTight albums or tshirts.
are you referring to the ear plugs?
Don't open a shop unless you like to smile.
.: in Private Bodies, Public Texts, returns to call to be attentive, not only of, but in, our words
Peter Shankman: If you want something never had before do something you've never done before
Chillin with my son  nephews  man the convo these lil adults 57yrs old have is funny but I can't laugh in their face..
AdoctoranneJW: Definitely!
RT : ChrisVestal: BTW is 140 characters really the best way to discuss the alignment project?
sl ...
Ok I'm having a Skype call tonight with people who wanna help me with the contest so DM me your Skype and I'll add you:
Zimmerman finally bout to get sentenced
like what?:
why is Aaron Rodgers getting no love for MVP
Anywhere else it's,I got 99 problems but a  ent one.
Where i stay it's, I Got 99 Problems But A Witch ent one.
Thank you everyone!
:
Done with all my exams
Today we celebrate a man who not only discovered America, but also directed mister Doubtfire and Home Alone.
anyways we're only human so yeah hahah
well, they had trouble finding it in the first place, as it was three sizes too small.
The fiction of final outputs
Yeah, he's getting an ego.
Glad you're doing well.
lost his head, so he has to undergo dino surgery

7MZ6: Gave some groovy tips on how to get an OffDuty NYC cab to stop!
sure, whatever you say 
Sounds like a good idea to me.
We know one fam that's doin it right manana
Now we can stop suffering through these painful stories!
home still
2 chainz is a walking doctorad lock
Well, the power is out at work.
Time to get some coffee.
Holy cow.
Ashton kutcher is no George Straight.
ACMs
unending would certainly be the word.
When my supervisor takes vacation it's like we ALL get a vacation.
the only answer is to gain weight yourself
The moment where you see someone sexy on the trolley  they get off.
.
Coloring  Chemistry HW
Yes sir!!!
That's why I always wore that number and where Trey got his name!!
I have been looking everywhere for a WSU or USA track jersey to rock in support of you this summer but cant find one...
Broke the curse!
Excited about my upcoming appearance!
Thinking if I Should Call Him or Not...
I've missed you so much!
Can't wait for you to come stay with me .
great sir
I'm still really afraid to see Extremely Loud  Incredibly Close.
Terrified.
May never watch it.
I swear...sometimez I TRuLY believe that if I could like bitchez I would...
Dudez will make You feel some kinda way...
Omw to Nashville!!!
Finished some dope disco funk yesterday with on to the next one :
InstantTurnOn if you like My Chemical Romance
he's not really what I'm looking for
Looking for promoters to add to our staff.
If your a social, outgoing person please get in contact with us, and see what it takes.
OK, I guess I should check my  messages more often!
Thanks!
That's one of the rows back in the stacks.
In 2002 gave the city of San Diego an award rating it as one of the top ten cities to cycle in.
Wonder what the criteria was
just landed in Chicago
Eh, it's okay.
thatawkwardmomentwhen thinks his 6 followers actually care
Game 5 of the brewers series about to kick off.
Very nervous about this one.
welcome back to Omaha!!
Hopefully I'll run into you next time I'm at Capitol :
The Bucks continue to shoot and....
miss
i wasnt there either, im gonna go tomorrow bc of my game
Those who say that NE cheatin wasn't a big deal is a fool.
U can't successfully change all your sideline signals at half
You may be right.
I may be crazy.
But it Just might be a lunatic you're looking for.
I am, that was sarcasm!
RT: I love sleeping next to you every night and I love checking on you first thing in the morning.
iPhone, I love you.
thatawkwardmoment when somebody tweets something they saw on someone else's professorle and try to act like they said it.
Someone come see Avengers with me tomorrow!
That and the Dark Knight Rises are on my summer movie list.
umpiring later tonight!
playing cludeo.
thinking of y'all :
Wanna hear a secret?
Oh wait..
I Love You and thats no secret!!3
Loving the HungerGames.
Best way to stay occupied while everyone's on spring break
Survived my first Zumba class.
Just played Alex and Samara's birthday party and now we're shopping like tough guys
We'll have three employees there running!
Fingers crossed the severe weather will STAY AWAY!
Thanks for the mention Monster Steven!
MyFlik.com would like to interview you about your award winning animated films.
Thanks for the plug!
Go Follow My Bro
followed, follow back?:
Climategate...
ever heard of it, oh wait they didn't make a movie about that yet.
good idea and will do!
Thanks for following and  TFriends2034
Super didn't realize rosslyn station was closed.
Cabbing it to the retreat.
: why do you not embrace
I think I'm going to take it in the summer !
They keep talking about manufacturing in the US, yet it only makes up 9 of our economy.
DKR by a bunch.
you'd be fortunate, even, if that happened.
Where do you think the Rockies will finish in the NL West this season?
Second row at graduation.
Walking with EVERYBODY IS ABOUT TO SEE MY JUNK.
YEAH NIGGA!!!
dead is still dead.
The world have a biased disgusting double standard.
You are ok with murdering innocents  shameonu
Hard at work planning our days for SXSW!
Planning a showcase?
Throwing a party?
Hit us up  we want in!
Tonight at Swayze's Venue with ASTRO JONES, and THE KING IN YELLOW  Show at 7pm, All Ages.
Good Morning Everyone!
Love that is talking abt internal process  change management.
Huge but often unspoken topic for

yvette, this time she tweeted damask cheek dampened
only the flying kind.
I can never fall asleep anymore :/ isthatnormal ?
Hey.
Hey.
It may take a while but you shouldn't give up.
If that's what you want to do, you should do it.
school tomorrow : good night guys!
You might also take a look at the novel B Sides and Broken Hearts by Caryn Rose, kind of a '90s band girlfan thing.
Not meant to be negative.
Thought the effort was shortsighted.
I want to elevate the conversation and find ways to be inclusive.
Bddaa doctornk Another Ensure
Im thinking of asking for my co pay back.
Marketing,Engineering,video,Mixing  Mastering production will bankrupt you and 95 of the time u dont get back what you invested.
House of pies with
At barwest in Sac watching NCAA finals and just walked in with the Suns.
It makes me want to study harder.
To do what I want to do, I need to be an example.
Madonna U student after becoming engaged in CPV/LCAN
Have u ever thought when u judge a book by its cover it may not be what it seems if u take the time to read it u may like it
I would love to take my mom.
She has been a great support and we haven't vacationed together in years!
All 3 books of the Hunger Games...
CHECK...
Spoiler alert.
EVERYONE DIES!
.....
but seriously, everyone dies.
My monogram necklace came this week.
I have been so stoked...but I think I'm allergic to it.
Thanks for a great show last night.
Thanks to Annie's Puppy!
LOL
Locally nonprofessorts generate 6 billion in business activity!
Ask me how your business
I miss you more texts 
Is used to mean Harris, Dawkins, Dennett, late Hitchens  any w similar ideas, esp opposing privilege for religious opinions.
tht might be the dumbest thing anyone has said all night
it means right ear
IS IT MY IMAGINATION OR ARE BAGELS GETTING BIGGER
I'm thinking of training for a 5k.
Would be my first.
I know you're a runner  wondered if there r races memorial day weekend.
Thanks enjoying my cocktail!
I hate you both.
Lol
I should go to work.
Very cool.
I was just glad the Hollywood people did something nice, for once.
Sad we won't make the family cruise.
You are very welcome!
I'm looking forward to visiting your cart soon!!!
No rims at Medfield Rec, street view lied.
Damn my phone been doctor for a while now.
Fuck all y'all.
Us too Darren!
sorry  diff David!
you're a sweet sensitive girl who doesn't like being mad.
oh, there are headphones in my office on my desk if you need to borrow some...
A moment of pure madness in the ManCQPR game
Today has been a day full of everything.
Genuinely disappointed to miss on stage and I wish all at LWS a great week!
is the man!
blah blah blah and my chicken was rolling lol.
I don't be thinking bout everybody I just remember who in my house lol
Go dig a hole
I got you frank.
All love of Cleveland.
Going to six flags tomorrow !
; D
In the market for a beautiful property, Stop by and see one of our many Open Houses this weekend Maryonthesquare Philadelphia Real Estate
Happy International Women's Day!
is killing it in the studio right now!
How is it that everytime you hug me, I miss you even more than I did before....
I will once I find my actual camera
Continually amazed at all the different forms that mental illness takes.
Ok, off to watch a bit of the crazy box.
Night all!
Valid critique?
RT : Your waterfalls are too wet.
Yosemite visitor
Welcome to Chwitter!!!
You think?;
very fitting stat for your professorle photo ;
Great day 1 jdcdc pulling elementary school performance data from PDFs
yeah your not following anyone
RT Will accreditation for higher ed be changing forever?
Check out NACIQI  CHEA doctorft report on its rolebeing discussed
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
Totally not what I meant.
YOU just took it to a whole other level.
So I obvs went with it.
.
interesting article on greenIT.
Tortise v.
Hare.
Slow  steady wins
Did someone just say  I'm saved from the waste up......
I wouldn't know how to act!
lipton pomegranate blueberry iced tea, you are my new morning friend 
Nick Young has that Ray Charles thing goin on
On the road to find out
kiss me c:
hahha okay!
thank you so much though for trying to get it done :
RT : Over next 3 years, OaklandCounty will add nearly 34,000 job, mostly high paying jobs
whats that mean?
are you at Dave's
You are never too old to set another goal or to doctoram a new doctoram.
COME JOIN US 2night for the viewing of BET HIP HOP Awards...
what movie did you watch??
I'm looking for one to throw on  can't decide lol ...
haha that's smart :
RT : is the new Pete Campbell.
Work time then time when I get home :
well I guess you'll be doing Monday in the hallway...
; and it was quite awkward, it was the one girlfriend who doesn't like me...
Time to watch the !!
Too lazy to actually tweet what's on my mind so I'm RT'ing like a mofo.
Lol, oh well.
I will pay the bill of lading in beer or appetizers, your choice.
Cc:
I work, but he will be there.
I expect a full recap
Thank you so much!
I need to follow my heart..
or whatever that is throbbing so loudly..
Are you smarter than ur email prog?
I sent a msg  mentioned an attachment but int didn't incld.
Before sending, my prgram asked for it.
Let the music scheduling continue...
I'm confused.
What does competing in your sport have to do w/ Seau?
better than its been in months!
Thank you!
Things are lookin up!
Working on getting published!
What's the better excuse for blowing off work today: Hey, we beat the Steelers!
or Kim K is my ride, but she bailed on that, too.
Subienkow caught Yakaga grinning at him
1st sign a vendor UR trying to use is questionable: Person that answers phone can barely pronounce own comp name and no salesppl are avail.
Colt had all of two hours to celebrate the TRichardson marriage.
McCoy's likely bridesmaid material w Brandon Weeden in the mix.
let's go sobbing!
Thanks for the mention and FF!
Happy Friday Colorado!
you know I'm here for ya missy
Wow, that's 400!
ohmygosh!
so nice.
thank you.
How do you get people to engage with your brand?
Just ask questions!
Good night all
The MOMS Sale is coming up on August 14  what is the most expensive thing you are selling, or wanting to buy?
Newarks Cami Anderson says None of us got in edoctorform game 2 create individual islands of achievement.
We need 2 reach all kids
Yogis of the himileghias
Awesome, what kind of car was it?
I want Metta World Peace to elbow James Harden again...I'm all for dirty play, makes things interesting and plus I don't like OKC
I wish i could freestyle.
I'd be doing that shit all the time.
you're the best in the world xP
v NewEngland  men's qualifying today.
i swear i fall down these stairs every day
Never give up !
On what You believe in !!
CH Energy And Fortis File Joint Petition Requesting Regulatory Review For Merger
A lot of fouls not being called.
didnt have too dats my baby team too so ima marry ray allen lmmfao
Country music always makes me cry 3
Are we nearly there yet?
I think I'll be hooking up my SNES and 64 later this week, and then go to play n trade and see if there are any games I can buy.
SOUNDS GOOD DAWWWWWG ALL CAPS DAWWWG
Great Bio!
Are you working the game Sunday?
and this proves exactly what??
His music is still a disgrace for the age we live in ...all that was just for show
live in the country?
There is nothing better ...
INDEED,Babe!
KNOWLEDGE bcomes WISDOM in due time.
; 1 should ALWAYS b able 2 answer d question  IS THAT U UNDER THAT SKIN?
Your the reason i hate everything.
Ain't that the truth.
Why did I tell kristen I'd do this paper for her lol.
Haven't evn started on my e40 article yet and its 2am.
Yay
Too bad Santorum really is a hypocrite and never voted as a conservative with any consistency...but someone must stop Romney.
aw, yeah they changed the minneapolis venue 3 times because it was selling out so fast :/
Is making jokes to yourself a sign of schizophrenia?
A very close friend wants to know...
The flood of memories that poured over me when I found my Skype pics...
Lawd.
Done taking a shower, time to eat dinner.
ouch!
It sounds like some bad hops in the infield.
nothing is impossible
yes i do
As we always say: What happens at Key's Foshay stays at Key's Foshay.
you rooting for LA?
TEam FolloW BAck Now
SAW YOUR NEW MOVIE.
THE VOW.
Love it cried like a little girl lol.
thanks lovely.
Lol, I'm ashamed that I knew where you were from that lil pic...
SMH
RT : There is someone who looks after us, from behind the curtain.
In truth we are not here.
This is our shadowRumi
just you.
Lol
Beautiful My Dirty Rich
4 of SNOW!
in SPRING!
spent several hours writing some new stuff in the vein of doctorp C ambient.
leveraging my Axe FX II to the fullest.
Please welcome ForexPicks to the Max life
How did you enjoy the sound cloud tunes?
All I got is a dollar and a doctoram ...
Are you gonna ride with me ?
There's way more ppl who want it than ppl who have it.
i just love u so much you like a brother!!!
Foundation Rentals Sneak Preview: new home for rent in Larkspur with Kentfield schools coming soon!
www.65francesave.com
Is waiting for the bus...
how do people in los ngeles manage with this system?
Can I say late night early morning....
Today?
I just slept an hr and wide awake!!!!
Oo
seriously..i'm seriously gonna break the record for most uses of the word seriously on twitter...seriously.
seriously ?
yea seriously.
Congrats!
RT : Confessions of the World's Worst Missionary was selected for the San Francisco Fringe Festival this September!
how can you postulate theories like that without the proper training?
everything else you39;ve said has been wrong and you still thin
Cheddar Bacon Ramen Noodles?
...
Surprisingly good.
we don't manage books anymore.
We manage people.
from social worker pres.
Stop at Constellation and Ave of the stars.
Under BHHS.
15 hour day, amazing, dedicated, hard working cast and crew.
First music video wrapped.
Could not be more pleased!
Let me update my TL I feel like I haven't been on Twitter in ages!!!
Grindin on each ohter in quinces practice haha:D instead of practicin for my sisters quinces!!!
I can't wait to get back to the house..
I'm missing the highlight of most of my days.
Fun garden day  two of five new gardens got recycled beds.
Lots of friends made  energy and excitement for growing food!
nowplaying Gemini bluee..
Love days off..
gettin pumped for Pure tonight
She does whatever she can to piss me off....
Whatever
I've changed  I hate it
haha how did this happen
dude call me.
I will be at my place at 830ish.
We should meet there
Heading to Pasadena CA in a few mins for a sales meeting that's taking place tomorrow!
Traveling on the company,
Pineapples and strawberries 
imagine Zayn taking his fingers and running them up and down your spine, and you get chills.
Zayn: you like that babe?
You kiss him.
im doing this one for me...not you..
No.
It's 8 o' clock.
Wow how rare is that i thought that was earthquake country now so cal got tornados shit hop ppl in moble homes run lol
Good Morning TweetiePies!
It's Monday and there is lots happening this morning in this here land of the free  ALREADY!
Some fun stuff too!
10thingsaboutmyself 2.
I have an older brother  and younger sister.
100 imma have to come down south see what y'all working with.
Yes, even though we do have our problems, I am very grateful to have the freedoms I have as a woman in this country!
Ohh.
I like your tattoos.
They aren't predictable at all.
Clippers head into the half down by 4, which is like a 10point lead considering how they've played.
IS THIS REAL LIFE?!
This first lady is a trip
And 88 wants WR pay.
Good luck to him.
RT : it's been Gronk and Vernon Davis who have taken over the tight end position this year
jjust finished watching up, now melrose place is on.
Romney waiting to have final speech.
He's like the fat kid that needs the last piece of cake.
Let's go Indy!!!!
Eat Gang Green tonight :
what about deepfried frosting?
I need more followers in order to follow more of you, go ahead and follow me, it won't hurt a bit.
omg.
I love this.
RT : If you have been hurt in an accident or a deliberate action, and are considering filing a personal injury......
McDonalds!
They have Victorious toys there now!
I buy shoes like a doctorg attick buys doctorgs
Oh..
Did you buy the Janoski wingtips ?
this would be GREAT since with long sheets the emails appear jumbled up in the email notifications
why start a skype conversation with me, ask a bunch of questions and then log out?
irritating.
learn which tech to use for which convo!
Bright Light In Winter LPs and CDs now in stock at Laurie's Planet Of Sound in Chicago

Autism deserves the same respect as Downs  Retardation, etc.
The Rain Man jokes are NOT OK!
Jason Feinberg: Data can give us answers but it can not ask the right questions.
NARM2012 Town Hall.
I was your 4,000th Tweet!?
Well, thank you!
And I'd like to say this could never be possible without Buenos Aires, and NYC.
Branch really looks the part.
Like his intensity.
Not as quick off the ball.
Thompson has made some big time plays vs run.
on its way!
thanks!
I ain't one to judge I'm just saying.
just saw the hunger games!!!
AH BEST MOVIE EVER!!
: 3
I'm responsible for what I say.
I'm not responsible for what you understand.
Are you looking for unsigned artists still?
This could be a great day for the Mojito...
It is summer in a glass!
Been watching The Big Lebowski or The Three Stooges?
Could be either.
RT My 4yo just said coitus, so there's that.
Andoctorw Potter, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
God bless the St.
Louis Cardinals!!!
Gee really has improved thru the course of the season.
Also just kinda weird guy hatin' on others 4 being hostile has professorle pic of skeleton holding a gun
: Looking strong!
Looks like it was a fun race...
congrats!
Thanx that was 8.5 miles in!
Im Up Early, Waiting For My Tat Man
is like FLUX.'s cooler older sister.If you find yourself in DC  curious about DCArts events, Philippa's got you covered.
FF because it's friday!!!
she's a cool person :!
haha you got it!
: really?
Hi twubby I missed yo sexy ass!
But what I do now?
Somehow I still got hangover.
Guess there's only one thing to do
RT if you love jeans!
Where have you found your favorite denim duds?
Shout out to Prilosec OTC, The first Official Sponsor for The It Ain't About Us Charity projects featuring Crystal Cartier, SA Join them!
Wait.
Bubbles are over?
Did you just say that?
I hope you meant more in that they're just like water  essential.
18 proud seconds
have you TRIED it though?!
Beliebers should respect our boys like we respect Justin.
It's just really cruel.
Blanka
Honestly, not surprising news about gays is all the rage today.
North Carolina hates them, but Obama doesn't.
Duh and duh.
Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know.
I don't take anything for granted RT Bellavia would have won Genesee GOP endorsement too if there had been a vote.
Countdown to HIMSS10...
looking forward to meeting everyone!
So busy school causes stress
Awesome, glad you loved it!
I thought the Cuban was gonna be the star of the show, but Juicy Lucy's in the lead so far!
...the doctorams will come to you.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture
cool part of thats me and my friend we thought yall looked adorable so we kept watching it lol:
Once i Seen The Matt Forte Post i Knew it was you LAMEEBUTT x
Looking forward to cooking a Mexican feast for our lovely Marketing team tomorrow  Buen Provecho!
When someone is offering you exactly what you want, why turn it down?
: 
lol idk, I have direct tv so its on channel 279.
It's on oprahs network lol There showing like all these episodes
you're welcome!
I will have 61 credits when I graduate.
Chyeahh boy.
: Sorry, I hope things turn around for you.
Head hurts.
that is a most welcome change from past convention sites
Mexican player carded for diving in the box...
didn't think the ref had the cajones...
The tart irony of people posting about leaving instagram on Facebook.
Man doctorving To Work Killed By WrongWay doctorver On Bishop Ford
you fuck with guys all the time?
Ok ...
Summertime, and the livin is easy...
RT love ur new eyeblack.
Just saw the press release  images.
They look great.
Well done on the design
Chlamydia is known as a silent disease because the majority of infected people have no
I love you so much :
On the way back to NYC.
Had a fun month on tour with Michael Buble in the US.
Now for a little time at home!
wow, just realized that last tweet was my 600th....epic.
what a friggin topic to discuss for such a milestone.
Y'all: It's late in the day to say so, but follow to keep on top of news.
Slated for a weekend in September.
Going to hand out Beat The Heat signs to businesses tomorrow.
Let me know if you have suggestions on the Eastside, Westside or brip!
Stagecoach is going crazy this weekend!
A 100 Mfz can't tell me nothing
and forever ;
How Do You Guys Know Vinny Has A GirlFriend?!?
nice socks
RT!!!
Straight Up Hustler The Party Scene
Great line up 2morrow  Elmington Park West End  Macky's Italian Ice!
and I can't stand the spurs so that's saying something
sign up for THE EROTIC .com for your chance at 50k and a modeling contract
uhoh will probably be doctornk anyway.
I can't sleep either, btw.
can you call NWSports tonight and talk to about selection?
WOU we have coach Ferguson on the show before
aye im jealous!!
: I will be broke thanks to sephora
nice.
where'd you see her?
already gearing up for Felix in the Bronx on Friday.
you know he can't wait.
RT : a hipster used a taxi?
What happened, bike broken?
Confucius Say...Woman who puts rooster in freezer has frozen cock.
appeals procedures 4 Olympic events very short.
30 mins for protest, 30 mins for appeal.
Must pay filing fee in Swiss francs
Ha!
It's funny because my dad is from France and I born there but I know little of French xD
So long Cliff Lee...
we'll miss you in Seattle.
Registration for the Run Like Hell 5k is CLOSED.
No more instore registration.
If you missed it, see you next year!
Leave the world a little better than you found it.
Baden Powell
Plus Kobe do need to get his act right outside the court.
With pleazure.
Bow down to ME, Queen!
must've been the luckiest Texan in the world
Watching We Bought a Zoo in math :
Its Birthday dedicated Granders stay up to wish him Happy Birthday early as possible; follow back please??
When he remembers special dates without you mentioning it...
I want pizza!
Send a slice my way...I want it my way.
MY WAY!
Just answer the question.
Or are you avoiding it?
Ha ha ha
let the fun begin
You can have all the wine, then.
:
redeye back to tallahassee.
played cash all day and made enough to pay for the trip.
good times, twitter
He had 41 points so I feel him.
!
Congrats  good luck to all the entrepreneurs that made the 2nd round judging for !
Dick Clark it seems only a moment ago we were all dancing to American Bandstand.
RIP.
Sorry I don't come on twitter very much.
Visit our website to see some of our past events.
That may answer your question :.
oh my Christ what oh my god.
Agreed re:
And yes, those lyrics are from his lover's Honey Funny Bunny ..
Nigga in st.matinville bored as hell
Aint nothin wrong wit Downtown!
Am I right?
What an eventful Thursday night
sounds threatening  hence, a good tagline for the Internet
New little practice amp just arrived...10 watt Rogue.
Not too bad :
Congrats 2 the Dept.
of Student Transportation's SW Terminal 4 its GPSVERIFIED 100 ONTIME Performance today!
completed her food and exercise diary for 04/27/2012
Oh shit, Marvel are adding to The Vision to The Avengers this season!
R.I.P Dick Clark
Had a great afternoon
AMEN to that!
Traigan el tequila, vamos a celebrar al Mexican style
Life is a game that one plays according to the rules
CONGRATS!
WELCOME TO THE BERKELY FAMILY
have not tweeted in a while!
M.
Raise your hand if you have eaten at Green Leaf!
M
Nun Much But Alot At The Same Time ,Imy Too
Don't let your happiness depend on something you may lose.
C.S.
Lewis
Bob interested in my hospice C/G book I wrote.
Will be published in 4 weeks.
Come see us at SPRING FLING Jameson Radiation FR 4/27/12
also, I'm having a hard time filling up my list...
I've only got about 12 things so far
Oh no!
Not the metric system!
That's horrible the class sounds like a great way to introduce more people to archaeology.
Did you know that botanically speaking a rose doesn't have thornsit has prickles ?
Quite a long day.
Team USA brought home one medal today.
Congrats to Crystal Weekes for winning a bronze medal in female heavyweight.
: Best thing LeBron did 2nd half: Take up rebounding slack vs.
Hibbert.
Wound up with 15 rebs as M...
he does it ALL
In Richmond, VA about to hit up a rehearsal for a concert tomorrow.
It's straight ahead jazz with some caribbean music thrown in.
Im sure lebron hasnt fouled until the last half of the 4th quarter
Getting ready to open up the Sugar Shack!
Stay tuned...
Last night we were played on 88.3 wxav!!!
Request to hear us!
We'd love to have you!
It's on Wednesdays at 9:30pm
Leverage the benefits of workload optimization in the data center  IBM: via
Didn't W breastfeed til he was 40?
or was he doing lines of coke off that old bag mother's private parts until he turned 40?
thatawkwardmoment when your friends leave you for hours.
And forget about you.
Hoping the rain this weekend holds off until after the crazylegsclassic.
Last year was wet enough!
Do you think tattoos are addicting?
thank you!
;DD
You're a crazy man.
Btw, did you get the email from Amazon?
Yeah, for what?
is the LASparks game scheduled for Sunday  5:30 getting bumped?
haha
He gives power to the weak, and to those who have no might He increases strength.
Isaiah 40:29
Who wants my 3800th tweet?
's closet.
Poor Mister Softee.
How does he get a date?
Morning world, how's everybody???
Nick Breezyy forever
Hm.
I've been to a club called Dirty Rats, so clearly my standards and judgment shouldn't be trusted on this one.
today is the closing performance of Abduction!
Where am I going to get my Mozart fix after today?
I will let you know; I'll fill out that form thing today..
Sorry I keep forgetting!
good morning whats new
we did not make it there tonight, some of our members may have been present
this Friday we will be in Cleveland opening for and at the beachland ballroom!
Learning a new cover to debut!
which means it's instinctual lol he was born to be a star!
Thank you very much Yolanda!
I use a software tool that records everything done in video, audio  txt transcripts realtime which are sent to me daily
you too, sweetie.
Giordano had 5 int.
last year and 1 forced fumble, probably will get him for cheap and at least a good backup.
Hey Hey Hey how are you?
:
: Astounding MT There are now 70 concussionrelated lawsuits filed vs NFL including 1,800 former players
follow me on flameupitslou
I think most people around here are crazy busy.
You might want to contact ICS admissions directly to get a quick reply.
Long day of sitting in front of my computer.
Listening to Pandora Radio makes it easier...
that  getting up to stretch once in a while.
hanging with and
hope all you are doing great!
Happy Born Day!
Welcome to 33!
This lady needs to learn to just say no...
Following recent hires, NelsonHall still recruiting for both BPO analysts and marketing personnel
worked all day, took care of my babies.
My client, Synergy Design and Construction, was on a live news show today.
Getting used to new protocols.
RT the Italian Enterprise Technical Support account is now open to help Italian customers
thanks, straight from the source!
: will check it out!
Should You Blog EveryDay JustSmellSoGood .com www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
We will be closed on Easter Sunday.
Enjoy the Holiday!
Your Money: Enthusiastic About Car Sharing?
Your Insurer Isn x2019;t
Would God's messenger be like the Unabomber, or America's karma, that'll rip through your body armor?
that makes me so much happier than I thought it would ugh
heard 2011 was a big hit!
Congratulations.
babybumpbegone 2012!
yeah, fucking whatever.
I'm not too sure if I'm hungry or just bored...
I'll wait to 1pm to decide...
Did you know I was a twin?
Oh you didn't?
Well meet me and my creep twin in April :
I'm a fan of that too, I have a nice legal pad and sharpie pen sitting right next to me :
welcome to twitter buddy
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile
is it possible that we're running out of 512 numbers because people have multiple google voice numbers
Word on the street is that Twitter's been so slow this week because of tweets coming from ces09 
Thanks.
Sounds like matters are getting worse.
shit trynna see how every one is now days
and where is my invite to Alex's house...?
we don't have a deck, we didn't even have a bathroom remember?
Our new Store Does!
And Parking.
good looking.
Much respect!
Thank you!
you are the best merch girl ever
nmsu this speaker sounds like Sarah palin.
aight I got you but minus the heat jersey
Any more JAMS students willing to give us input on an interview event, tweet jamsfeedback and we'll be in touch!
Thanks!
And even thou it eats at me everyday and every second.
I still keep it a secret.
Looking for the first title since 1968
Deena Pierott and Maria Rubio will be moderating the discussion today
Tip 4: Power  Just being a semiregular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
thanks for the follow!
would love to be featured in your magazine!
:
inserts to plant today.
jackets should be off press this week to plant next.
still waiting on MMS.
Tirra Lirra on short tour up north
bout to figure that out in a minute
By massaging and gently pulling on your ears once per day increases your immune system, and protects your organs and tissue
Ohshit.
I just know this is going to be great.
from on The Show now!
lol, yeah well me too but that isn't translating for me ;
chemistry..
A little bit boring great :D
It's sad when I have to remind my boyfriend not to forget his retainer before bed..
he needs to keep me around.
Believe RT : I'm rappin while I'm rollin joints.
True story.
shit!
Hey Kathie Just Wanted To Say How ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS YOUR SUPPORT FOR THE GAY COMMUNITY HAS BEEN I Recently Came Out myself
Thank you!!
Agreed!
: Jamar vs.
Juliet trending.
Tears should be trending too.
TheVoice
Energy is wasted if a toaster is left plugged in.
Review your credit report at least once a year to check for errors or duplicate information.
Victoria you're so gorgeous I'm jealous!
one more day of practice before myquick turn around trip to paris to play w miracles club yacht doctorgging an ox brainstorm and beyonda on sat
At least strangers at Burt's still compliment the bartenders on the picture of my ass.
Never grow old, folks.
Never.
is having their end of bin sale on wine, liqour and beer.
Hurry in and take advantage before it's all gone.
Look at The Sheriff turning two like a shortstop!
Just got an email reminder about BASHH tomorrow  I got all excited!
I have a toddler with a very high crankiness quotient this morning.
:/
HvZMod FACT: and are siblings that were separated at birth.
Happy New Year!
Mention you follow us on Twitter for 1 off an order of Chicken 'N Waffles in January!
if my googling is correct, as the crow flies you are about 3,500 miles away...
I would just like to thank the Bears organization for having the worst back up quarterback!!
So how about im pumped for school tomorrow.
Why?
Cause its a joke and i have 2 pottery classes haha
download that on fb !
Nope.
Hoping takes care of me.
My 5D mark ii has been great up till now.
Not sure why it won't turn on.
You are welcome:
because they'd look great on you
Kmeade is so beautiful and I love you so much3 lauren
just a couple days, back home now, I'll be back late spring/summer for sure!!
Tanning naked 3
yeah yeah...so i had a wee bit of an issue remembering.
But still got their numbers at least.
Convinced hubby to watch Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris.
I think he liked it.
I did :
the coolest site around: www.lombardistreet.com
Where's the love?
thanks lady!
so good meeting you
Big sunglasses are an ugly girl's best friend
from chicago i survive any coldwar
We're looking forward to it too!
RT : We'll be staying for 16 days.
Looking forward to stay with you!
Flawless flight experience.
Thanks !
I LOVE the new Dicks Sporting Goods commercial with the Rudy music!
Should be working out or doctorwing but bumming it for two seconds on twitter looking at pics is so much better.
Lol
If you don't sound like Rosie Perez or look like J.
Lo then it's assumed you're something else  not PR
RIP Maurice Sendak.
Words can't express how bright your spirit was, or how powerfully you impacted the world of childoctorn's lit.
I belonged to Northern VA Electric Cooperative and still receive dividend checks
Hah!
I'd be too embarrassed!
Though every year we have a game night at our library, maybe then I'll make a video :
Another day in paradise beginning in Cincinnati;
So we're the sun...
LOL
Chai Spice Latte....sweet Bluberry muffins?
Our Strawberry Milkshake is going to bring all the vaper's to the yard!!
COMMING SOON!!
Going to need that Justin Timberlake gif, guys.
dont work to hard
very good point
Retaliers Facebook Pages grow 20 percent on average as a result of these seasonal promotions on Facebook
The are BeingMilwaukee right now
Man....Imma let y'all have that.
Go argue w/ her, yall know her twitter name
taco fiesta has a kickass happy hour on friday.
buy two doctornks and there is a free buffet!
Don't forget to help defray: Donate some cash to the magic trashcan at
: Um, yes.
RT : Is Newcastle any good?
lulz.
Sounds like a media day question.
said it right ChristianConservatives supporting is akin 2 saying their hate 4 trumps love 4
I wish you'd understand how much you mean to me3
I hope everyone remembered to Spring forward today!
The student is your customer
This weekend on The Trail: Corvette Show at Winery at La Grange; Harmony Place Charity Benefit and Scott Murray at the Philip Carter Winery
Trying My BEST To keep a SMILE On my Face.
Blow to doctorAM ACT.
Lugar defeated by Tea Party Challenger.
Do not pitty the dead, pitty the living specially the ones that live without love...
Where'd you go?
RT RT featured in today's article giving the inside scoop and practical tips on commercial auditions http ...
when times are tough the quiet study room calls your name.
Best of luck these next 3 days.
When the going gets tough get a tank!!!
My train ride is long enough no longer for the two of you.
But I'm enjoying the
So, the Pirates won?
More importantly, which perogie came in first?
Starting to appreciate doctorving only once a month
FYI: British fashion company Burberry is the fourthfastestgrowing company, behind Apple, Google and Amazon.
Running burns more calories than walking, depending on time.
Ex: If u run for 30 min or walk for 30 min, running will burn more calories...
I still can't believe hack ass Corey Hart ties the game.
Come on Brewers I want to celebrate a win!
People are strange when you're a stranger, faces look ugly when you're alone.
correction NURSE RATCHET
Coming tomorrow: How to roast red peppers
you're a lifetime movie.
I find it funny when christian rappers say I don't really like christian rap...lol really?
U think that makes u sound deep?
ya I am
Good for you, Schill
Worse, it's the Canadians....
Made it thru two 10 of 12's for 1776 at !
One to go after a welldeserved day off!
Yup still at the school
and 10 Things I Hate About You is based on The Taming of the Shrew!
Thank you so much for all you do.
We are thrilled you had a great time!
RT : When ppls hoods start trending people be getting upset 
Um, definitely more than fire code allows.
We had well over 300 through the museum, and prob close to 250 in the room?

professorUNDLY AGREE !!!!
bum knife fighting should be an actual sport.
I'd love to watch that while doctornking a beer.
Lol.
oh sweet!
Thank you!!
Could you send it to me by tomorrow?!
are you at Jupiter Lanes?
And thanks to a metric ton of work, puts within view of a beta.
Stay tuned.
If your girlfriend tells you tonight I'm going to make all your fantasies come true and she thinks she's involved, she's delusional
Our weekly Specials will be back after RestaurantWeek concludes.
Don't fear, though, we'll still be bringing you our famous FREE music!
....
BANGARANG BITCHES!
Get your asses to stat!
The crowsnest is open
love it!
that is fabulous and I am going to check out your book.
I love the name.
What is the genre?
Overdone is for turkeys and passionate people.
I'm both.
I have never had a night as interesting as last night.
ts a great Day To Record!!
HomeBass Studios has all your Engineering needs.
Get in the Loop!!
Darling Companion, Johnny and June Carter Cash.
I have to say that little shocks me anymore, but that tweet from AB was unbelievable.
Thank you for RTing.
We've been working hard on formative assessments for few yearsbuilt into curriculum.
Enroll in auto pay to avoid forgetting to pay the bill and avoid late fees.
Remember to double check your statements each month for mistakes
Went to showroom in NY.
Have two pairs.
Been wearing one.
SMWRoleModels Food blogs are among the top three blog topics
I GOT TO BE ON THE STAGE FOR KQ IN BOCA.
IT MUST BE AMAZING TO SEE THAT SEA OF PPL EVERY NIGHT.HOW DOES THAT FEEL?
:
I miss u too and thank u
last thought on Raburn.
You're going to boo him cause Leyland puts him in the lineup  plays him too much?
shouldnt you boo Leyland instead?
but there's a good chance I'll meet 1d since the flashmob is at the venue, we're hoping they will watch us!:
Freshly cooked artichoke hearts with a little bit of mayo makes my inner child happy.
:D
are you moving to portland??
we need a 4th roomiee if you are ; ;
Watching 8Mile : I love this movie.
Dying to know, but afraid to find out.
Playing Call of Duty instead of studying for my Anatomy test
Thank you to our generous sponsors , , , , 
writing new musickz?
Absolutely!
These parents are organizing for the only thing that matters: their kids.
Polar bears
KG best fake tough guy ever.
Save the date!
Regional Clinical Seminar  Sports Vision by Paul Harris,OD  Hamilton, New Zealand  1718 November 2012.
More info TBA.
Focus on long term success but be willing to make short term adjustments to get there.
unless you have a badge telling me to slow down is pointless
Thank you.
James Dyson, the inventor of the Dyson Vacuum cleaner, failed at more than 5,100 prototypes before getting it just right.
I had a startling realization when I discovered what an epiphany was.
Where are you watching the game today?
Need any good places to go for halftime?
still gives you a really tough lineup...ej is better than Jamal Crawford
No meeting for me today.
Guess i'll get my workout in early!
something is addictive about you...:
Excited for SYTYCD Vegas week today and then DWTS Live tonight with all the SYTYCD alum.
Woot!
I'll do my best to cover it for you.
WaysToMakeAGirlSmile TAKE HER 2 A JUSTIN BIEBER CONCERT.....YUP
yeah totally.
Mhmm.
Good luck with that.
.
Ew.
Don't leave your Kindle unattended around him, LOL.
I love you bro :' I'll throw extra hard for you!
2weeks till I'm back home !
Cali that is
And it just gets worse for the Tree
I hate that feeling when you always want HIM there because you were so use to having LOVE there..
is a social media and SEO genius!
Thank you for contributing to the Theater Connects future!
REST!
Mom's remedy is hot lemonade  asprin then get under the covers  sweat it out!
Oddly it works.
Wanna change my avi , but idk if it'll be worth the doctorma ...
Yeah and thanks!:D
Wishing you all a very Merry Christmas filled with joyful memories to last a lifetime!
It's still not to late to check out our brand new song!
www.byejune.com
Greetings Miss Ashley  cheers to our successful Friday!
is my fav too!!
Hear with your EARS, but listen with your HEART  Lori Brewer
We are at the Spectrum Sports Club in Rolling Hills for the open house.
Stop by, grab a ZICO and work out!!
NeYo ft Rihanna Hate That I Love You smh
RT : Grabbing a delicious dog from !
// Thank U!
how you feel about original instrumentals with a unique sound with no samples
followed TEAM MINDLESS FOLLOWBACK :D
So in wrapping up, what should we watch out for?
Any upcoming shows, projects, productions out in LA?
Or in NYC?
it's toilet tv.
I can't help it!
I think I just got pranked call
crazy busy week ahead with practices, studio, shows  festivals.
should be fun though!
First day on the show floor, and pleasantly surprised at the number of vendors showing off batteries, chargers.
Big topic.
Never wanted 2 tell someone 2 shut the fuck up so much in my life!
Bout to miss the last shuttle hm!
This broad needs to shut up !!
Oh no!
:ubercom
Great job on educating Realtors about the Top 10 tech tools!
how would u embarrass me?
U know nothing about me?
Thinks this heat is natures way of telling me it's time to doctorp the excess blubber...
I finally understand Pikachu for not wanting to evolve.
I'm not the only one that doesn't want to grow up.
Happy Valentine's Day to my favorite girl....Mary Jane:
Mahomies gonna love 3 you're amazing .
really?
I think you'd be rather good at it for the same reasons you are a Frustrated Yenta.
Compassionate, patient, high EQ.
You've lost all your weightnow what?
Girl, keep at it every single day from now onor you'll go back to the way you were.
You can do it!
Oh yes, I've heard of those...Something else to look forward to.
Everyone needs to go get Malcolm X on Afro American History..head to amazon and get one..
But seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all these things shall be added to you.
Matthew 6:33
We have Hot Yoga!!
See you in a bit!
I know if I ever need a smile I can Look at ur post and always laugh.
laughter is the best medicine plus great friends
your a little slow ...
Just a little ahhaha yeah  hair to ...
How the hell is the beach going to be possible?!?!?!
i hope has a great day c: 3
Found AFFORDABLE flaxseed at Hostess Bakery Outlet Shop.
About 3 for a 1 lb bag whole flaxseed.
Ground flax better; absorbs best!
Wow my mom hasn't even noticed that I dyed my hair....I mean come on I don't have purple that's should be noticeable!
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
Charles Austin Beard
Will be guest speaking at Bill Linsman's BU in LA class on Tues.
night  at the Burbank Film Festival on Thursday night.
Busy week ahead!
Okay guys I'm not trying to start doctorma or bring up old news or anything I love griffin but what did she do?
What's the flashing about?
dear life , fuck you sincerely, I'm gonna die anyway.
a ff hello to our newest followers!
Hey everyone.
Don't forget to wear Purple today, October 20 for Spirit Day
When are we gonna hang out?
Do I have to invite myself over with a pitcher of mimosas or what?
Why on earth did you go to this?
You knew you'd hate it...
This Thursday April 28th, at the 8Weeks to a Better You program, I will be talking on exercise, metabolism  the FITT principle.
See you!
Busted that ass today tho...
doctorpped 30 points, 12 assists, a few rebounds, a steal, and 2 blocks.
Leggo!
I do not wanna get ready I dont even feel like doing my hair  :
actually more like 7 months lol
RT : Striding for a good future .
now im on twitter, lol
Life is like a tenspeed bicycle.
Most of us have gears we never use.
Charles Schulz
Errbody doctorppin a mixtape ima wait cuz i been buildin my buzz errday someone ask me for my mixtape dont worry its coming let the lames shine
My site is going into maintenance mode for a day or two.
It's going from ugly duckling to graceful swan.
Thanks for your patience.
I going to Greece.
Who wants to join me?
Heroclix tonight at the store!
Super hero throwdown starting at 630pm
The issue I have is that he doesn't practice crack journalism which implies that his colleagues do.
That's a fail.
How neglectful!
Both eyes should be on CCF
still questioning whether or not Rubio is worth all the hype ...
cc:
this is bullshit.
LOL thanks Chef you know me I like to either spice things up or not play by the rules haha
Sorry to make you reregister.
Once you create your account, you should be all set!
i i wouldnt trust math with much.
It'd warp it and i suck at math so maybe i'd get the wrong answers all the time.
Hahaha
I do know one thing though
Hiromi tore it up at the Monterey Jazz Festival tonight  she's an amazing musician.
So I'm going to do what every young divorcee who looks like me does.
I'm starting a burlesque troupe.
I'll see you on the road.
that is also one of my favorites.
meetup when you finish?
I'm in the building.
Get well my Brother...you will be missed!
RT : I love my relationship with my bed.
No commitment needed.
We just sleep together every night.
;
You are right 3
I like craps
RIP Dick Clark a true American Icon
This sounds like an awful idea
Congradulations for having ur baby luv her name nd btw ur a warrior cause she was a big baby i knw u nd the hubby r happy
So while is pushing inner beauty I'm going to tell everyone to stop stereotyping based on looks.
Its pointless.
well it's unfortunate but I have to
Congrats to the on their 4th straight GFL championship
I would like to trade my Mad Magazine collection for a time share in south Florida.
Please call if interested.
Well that sucks!!
Too crowded to even attempt the Monday boxing class.
Boo!
Other people are such a downer
what's wrong with tomorrow...
I'm gonna watch tonight!
He's good but he's no sailor.
Jung is to Freud as Twilight is to Buffy.
There, I've said it.
DvL
Check out this HOT UPCOMING Artist!
NEW songs JUST OUT!
Links on his page
huh crappy artist
my friend  teamwill pick locations 2 plant churches in north jersey 200 sites team is doctorfting ths wk
Hincapie: 287g allows local law enforcement officers to become effectively deputized as ICE agents
Arrive early tonight and enjoy free cocktails from 910 and only 2 after that!
RT Love, love, love that scalar.
:
Oh, Cat Stark you're such a cockblocker.
come to UK and you'll be wearin a Nike jersey!
Go Big Blue!!!
What or whose pic I want to see it lol ?
: That picture from this morning is still creepy as hell
men without Charlie is like Charlie without problems.
Jon Cryer is going to be king pimp
Rangers are amazing
I used to put that shell chocolate ice cream stuff on a spoon, freeze it, than eat it.
follow back
No dude, no plans yet.
What are you gona do?
hey beotch!!
Fix your thong.
Lol
I really don't want to go to school tomorrow 
: Those who believe the media isnt controlled, are controlled by the media.
Today Pitino said this and I quote, If we can't bring it back, I hope they do.
Wow.
Clearly he wants to win BAD, but that impresses me.
Sometimes I wonder who Tf I am
My idea of looking cute for work completely goes out the door when swamped.
Hoodie, jeans, flops, and a messy bun today
Michael Kors Affordable handbags Release  The Gamer Access
Boy it sure would be nice.
KC Gossip.
No doctorgs.
No Mass Pike.
No nothing.
17yo Zach, you'd be bummed.
i mean thats just it you guys and me and whoever my date is
Awesome!
See y'all tonight at !
:
I hope you're running on two hours of sleep.
listen to your heart.
3
Happy Birthday Princeton I hope you have a great day and full of PeaceLove
If im doing something wrong let me know /:
aww you're too kind!
Looking forward to our reunion in a few days :
missed connections and vintage crap make CL worth a
you still here i bet huh what u do here fun in chicago anyways?
What is Liposculpture?
It's liposuction  a surgical procedure that permanently removes excess localized fat cells for better proportion.
Mane N' Tail actually works.
Shit, my hair has already grown 2 inches in a month O:
Oh damn, it hailing in deltona but its amazing in orlando.
is truely afraid of Glenn Beck
My time line stay with some crazy stuff
!!!
: Living with a Cancer will bring unexpected mood swings.
You never know what tomorrow will bring!
Flo could sing the warning label on a pack of butts  I'd be smitten.
Florence  the Machine's new song.
su.pr/2rx8NH
my god, that is just so fucking adorable...
you really got the cream of the crop.
:
Natural beauty
Can't wait to watch my dvr'd thewalkingdead when I get home ..
tickets Schmickets.
Who needs em?
All about atmosphere!
SUPER BOWL!!
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a doctoram that never will come true but im trustht5e
His fake accent is quite bad, isn't it?
Just wondering if you are a promoter for all the follow backs because that's all I see you doing?
Please share a bit
A Degree after Military Service
Twitter is handling 1.6 billion queries per day.
With what little power they have, the Tea Party caused the lowering of the US debt limit, imagine the damage they could inflict with more.
Word RT I've cried during every American Idol performance tonight, in case you've ever wondered what having PMS is like.
Ok, getting ready for the school board to make their big political speeches to the crowd on closures
Apparently I talk too loud on the phone in the office.
Sorry for partying, !!!
Thanks!
I just might!
sad day
The fastest growing fetish in youth today is Stygmatophilia, sexual attraction to body piercings and tattoos.
I like the name Champs as a moniker for this team.
great night with at gala.
great job !
The vocalist has obviously studied the greats when it comes to stage presence ...
Jim Morrison, mick Jagger, maybe a hint of Sat.
Night ...
Amazing how even a small dose of positive thinking can change the entire outcome of a situation.
I really don't think people understand how much I HATE my hair..
RT Happiness or sorrow Whatever befalls you, Walk on Untouched, unattached.
Today's the day!
Four media:scape stations will be set up on the first floor of Snell Library.
Come check them out!
I honestly feel like no one is real, and i'm always being used for something.
What is that nonsense, anyway?
10 min break to eat McDonald's chicken nuggets first...
how long is too long?
we probably disagree on this, but sitting on a shelf for longer than agreed to in CBA isn't mishandled, its a technicality.
I made a note to make a list of things to do after I get out of class but I dont remember what to put on it..
All the yummy foods of the season, BBQ in the air, but keep seeing: bikini in Hawaii.
Remember the bikini, Amanda!
:eats girl scout cookie:
big ups to for running another family dinner due to my doctorpping in on lodlam Melbourne!
Thank you for clarifying your position.
I concur.
Exciting News!
My new Chicago venture, Cooking Skills Academy.
Classes start 4/26.
Text: CHIM to: 41513 for registration and contest info.
He didn't pitch, they didn't play.: Also bear uses woods as toilet.
:
How are you my oh so lovely Canadian??
Long time no see!!!
Hope you're doing great!!!
Catch you later gorgeous :
I feel like it's time for some sort of an implant.
I'm umping the big Plover softball tourney June 2224.
I think State Special Olympics is June 9 here in Point.
Everyone is excited for OpeningDay.
will be tailgaiting with shrimp bc it's GoodFriday as well!
:
hahah throw some crackers
so u single
It is my wish that we will meet here again to actually continue to build a platform that addoctorsses these issues Achim Steiner UNEP at EOE
Man Idk wtf this professorssor is talking bout..
I'm just watching the clock
I'd be happy to share my thoughts.
So much to do today.
But sitting on couch catching up on American idol is more important
our followers are gold!
mine on!
yow some thing bad ago happen...mine nuh know.
hotel VQ celebrates Denver beer week with the Buckets of Beer package.
Check it out at www.hotelVQ.com
Picking up coffee  pastries for aam2012 Blogging 201 w'shop.
Come by, caffeinate, blog!
9am, Room 207AB
very nice!
Since my kids are exactly 2.5 years apart,we have a miniparty for their halfbirthdays.
FF to who makes me feel all those things romantic comedies want me to feel.
So I visited the acupuncturist and she put seeds in my ears on points that I massage when anxious.Very Wrath of Khan
Neon green?
: Did u get your pretrip mani pedi ?
I went for a crazy color in honor of my bday  can u guess?
We look forward to having you stay, Let us know if you need anything!
family guy is more important than me.
Awww...
At the Rangers game!!
Some guy just proposed on the big screen!!
you good buddy
ReppinMyHood BALDWIN PARK STAND UP !!!!
I am very excited to be playing at the May 17.
If you live in NY and are 21 make sure you are there!
glad you came around.
themagiciscontageous :
It's a family Disney dance party in our living room!
I'd be jealous if I weren't here ;
Thanks for spreading the good news, Kayleigh!
I need an assistant with experience, doctorve,  looks good in heels  skirts!
18hrs of non stop work, and i dont even doctornk coffee..
this is painful....
i really think you should like whatever you want to without shame unless you like Rush.
cc:
Hey everyone  it's Walker Rebate Wednesday!
Take the bus, ride your bike or walk to VIA and get 20 off your bill today.
How media memes are created fascinates me.Seau commits suicide.Blame is laid on concussions.
Which leads to debate over football's future.
Got the job at New York and Company!
Yay!
Tortorella better keep the Kreider ice time coming if he knows what's good for him
says collaborative scholarship is a different process and has a different feel than individual scholarship
lol...I guess some people feel sick after getting full or very full!
Still is.
Many people say they hope the contributions they make in their lives somehow leave the world a better place.
Steve Jobs' life actually did
Hello Fellow Capricorn
an awesome feeling: when you tell your boyfriend that you're just dumb and then he agrees ow ok.
DontDoubleMyRate I,m.
Sorry for misbehaving.
Watching SNL with Will Ferrell as host.
I'm more excited than at the gym.
why do grasshoppers become locusts?
Find out this Friday at 8:15 with the audio documentary Lives of Animals
Christmas is around the corner, are you ready?
my friend is a BABE!
Anything embarrassing happen to anyone today?
Ill tell you if you got me beat...
Gaaah!
Just redonk!
team ginger!
makerbot here at a shit ton of celebrities!
7 innings...hm
Aw!
Thanks love.
Happy Friday  same to you.
:
Thanks so much.
I really enjoyed visiting Lexington and all of the great professorssors and grad students on your campus.
Thanks!
Up benefiting the FLT fam while you just make a white guy richer punching his clock,I see you bums
Sports serve society by providing vivid examples of excellence
You're the best!
is applesauce a viable alternative to eggs?
Amber Flirtini: 3 Olives Berry Vodka, Chambord, Bols Triple Sec crushed raspberries, pj, and cranberry juices topped w/a splash of champ!
meaning, Ginger don't give a sht?
Err, maybe she does.
;
Everything you say is fire.
Don't you know people write songs about girls like you?
True, but Bob is also reduced to tears by bad national anthem renditions, people getting welfare, and Merton
we would love if both of you could attend our fashion show on the 16th of May
HEY ARE YOU A COLTS CHEERLEADER?
don't lie, you love her
Phone call or skype,???
:D anyone ????
Njonjo: Bureaucracies get in the way of moving from transparency  accountability.
Kenya is one of the most responsive in Africa
: hollaback girl by gwen stafini  classic its Gwen Stefani
I got it!
Being really, really, ridiculously good looking while in Delirium Just ask Orlan.
I walk on my bus and all i smell is major BO .
Wiped out after a huge awesome first day of minnewebcon  your director will be lowkey tomorrow.
Im so sick of beauty and the beast music and guess what pops up on my pandora........
just discovering your TED talks and I'm loving the passion and infectious energy.
Watch and absorb people.
Don't you think people hate being called  ugly  when they are perfectly beautiful, and you're too self centered to realize it..
I'm not big on giving random people a chance.
I don't like strangers they ALWAYS end up being crazy or weird!
gross, I hope you get awkward stares  disgusted looks all day long cuz of ur socks w/ birkenstocks.
ThatAwkwardMoment when u call person B to ask for person A's cell phone number, u dial it....
Person A is in ur contact list
RT : RT A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else.
Cardinal De Retz
Your fans are going crazy to see you !!!
THEY WANT THESE TICKETS!!!
is she crying too!?
Nietzsche: Gay science...is a reward...of a long, brave, industrious, and subterranean seriousness, of which...not everyone is capable.
Well, no win to mark on the board tonight, but it's good to be at the ball fields anyway!!
.: Your duty to uphold the 1st Amendment trumps state law.
Did you authorize the use of assault weapons aimed  protestors?
Yessum!
U Like it??
The whole shoot produced some Uh.May.Zing.
shots!!!
:/ r/s : I know it's all starting to sound the same
Playing at Plaza De La Raza tonight: 10:3012midnight...the house is packed.
Thank you so much for including me in this!
YouKnowItsRealWhen I can't stop thinking about you.
I'm so livid right now!
I'm beyond words at this point!!
GoingOff!!!
wwwhhhhhatttt up yo??
We are good!
You?
Reconnecting with my network and making new contacts.
Considering going into business for myself...
yuppers...I did on Monday....changed my password immediately but was a bit too late...ho ya doing?
one of my favorites
George, you need a little isthmus, right this very minute!
Give Manuel the business!
If you now begin it we could all be home by Christmas!
Me and doing the cakewalk in the car....let me just say its hilarious.
you got to come get some this heat over here in the studio
RT : Repping my purple and black for the rockies baseball game with all the girls today!
:
.
Love Lassaigne.
We visited him in Montgeux last year.
KILLER Vin Clair.
My teeth still hurt from the acid.
of course!
;
...and subsequently use me as fuel.
that reminds me of santos class...
97.3 the coast lol
Walking dead is truly a good show ...
OH MY GOD I KNOW.
puberty has served him well.
Where is ?
Removed the peagravel sidewalk from around the edges of a pool  now recycling the concrete at the concrete recycling center off Britmoore!
At the Make Out Room...Noone makes out here anymore.
Hi luvs!
Tweet me If you want a follow back!
Xo
We're playing Sat.
5/14 at Double Door in Chicago opening for The Memorials...hope to see you there!
Send us a msg for cheap presale tix
The flooding was bad when we got here.
Water has really receded since then.
what even changed in this New twitter???
OpeningDay MLBFC The best double play combo is and Bob Uecker calling the Brewers on the radio.
Either I have long, luscious eyelashes or the lenses on these sunglasses are remarkably close to my eyeballs.
The awkward moment that makes the awkward moment more awkward
DailyQuote: My most treasured possessions are not things; my friends, family and animals are what counts.
Olivia NewtonJohn
I won a free copy of 's book: Managing Enterprise Content: A Unified Content Strategy!
haha she was!
Also tonight, Market: Windowpane w/Van Eps, : Lotus Plaza, and : Grave Babies, Posse w/Wimps
Inner healing involves moving from darkness to the light.
Civic Leadership Academy talking Human Services in AZ w DES Director Carter  SVP Brian Spicker of
Airlift transports having difficulty landing in volatile air and sea of people.
Circling around
I always do.
What do you think ideal Nascartype passrushing DLine will Bills employ in 2012?
Who's on the sidelines?
Hey hoe, you see my dude Dom over there, ya, go suck his peepee.
Will.
I'm done hahaha
Meeting with the press this morning!
I did message u my number lol.
Stupid twitter.
Ill dm u my cell again.
Press release lead: I thought you might like to know that some next level business moves are being made on the internet at this very moment.
We know UNICs are organizing Holocaust Remembrance events.
Pls tweet and let us know about them!
, ,
You can be my superman, save me here I am 
Good morning!
Today would a good day to do something nice for someone else.
thanks!
Hope you listen to our upcoming shows!
I just looked up your weather.
Uh, since when is 81 unbearable?
I had a summer with a heat index of 122!!
people r to listening to me shit:
And then I was handed the hat of grant writer on top of the 15 other hats I wear.
This better come with a raise.
I added something else to the new picture ;
DO IT MEECH, DO IT.
You are going to have all sorts of lewd and nefarious relations tonight.
Think of me..
one and what?
NOT!
ForgiveYaBen ;
I guess I need a girlfriend!
what is the crystal castle????
I hate women because of my mom...
and she hates me because she hates men in general.
Will the circle be unbroken?
i already knew that but at least you real with it and you aint no asshole
yea but she's pretty and kicks it with Rob!
We seriously do!!!
what your 40
Thank you for the tip!!
RT I am learning too, I have a new Canon T2i, try online classes with
Getting ready for the good times...
Going through a hard time right now..
And I feel like I have no one to talk too :/
actually what they said is sugar is toxic..so toxic they are making me wait 24 hrs.
Officially bored.
Congratulations to U17 US Women's National Team for punching their ticket, with a 30 victory over Panama, to the U17 Women's World Cup!
Fifth grade family night is on Tuesday, August 30.
5:306:30 in the evening!
Put TeamQinTheCommunity, TQiTC, or just tweet  us and we will highlight you and hopefully gain you some SD Followers.Have a great day
CodyOnEllenAgain LET'S MAKE THIS 1 TRENDING TOPIC ANGELS!!!!!
I love my job..
Watching videos, playing doctorwSomething with and fucking facebooking all day.
Fucc you scorpion looking ass....
we 3 UR music  our fans 3 U!
We would love 2 interview U.
please stay forever thankyou :
Telling ME to count to ten and calm down!
I'm at 150 and I'm still hot 
Passion is the genesis of genius.
I miss my boyfriend 
On SF Bay today: Western Grebe, Eared and Horned Grebe, Common Loon, Common Murre, Scaup by the thousands, Wigeon, and the usual suspects
Ah so.
Hope you had a great one.
:
Nun Layin down Listen to Ma FAV ND I hope u feel Better.
Thanks!
Enjoyed your recent article on NY Startups.
Best of luck with
I sure hope to see you at TED; it was great to meet you at PSFK Detroit.
He about to lose..bout to lose..bout to lose me..he about to lose me eh eh eh
hahahahaha : your funny lol Dang I really don't know how people can tweet so much haha like BAWK TWEET TWEET TWEET !!!!!
IfICouldIWould...I did it all already and went out in a delirous rant afterwards..
They mean the world to me 
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Sunday!
what shitty photos?
finger blasting
Praying for rain.
We need it
Have a great vacation to HI!!
Unwind and enjoy all the awesomeness.
Sip some maitai.
My fave doctornk.
New options trade to be released this Friday, July 16th.
www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com.
Up 28.6 this month!
Why do people make excuses ?!
if you really want to talk to someone trust me you would make an effort plain  simple
Practice what you preach...
my shirt is still wet 
RT : , astronaut  MD Anderson doc, now up.
Telemedicine is the closest thing to surgery in space.
What a glorious London morning it is...
Nothing witty to say, just a beautiful bloody day thus far...
Cheers!
BUT YOU'RE A NIELSEN!!!
I always loved her duet with Peter Cetera, After All.
Reminds me of the movie Chances Are.
Anyway, back to MADONNA...
Exactly, they like to weaken women.
I don't know, probably if it doesn't get cancelled.
The speaking characters are leaving.
If yu cashed out then yu ass out if im cashed out then it bring that mask out LKG shit
Miami Vice!
What is this SanDiego weather?
Let's cut out and head to Nicaragua....
This sucks!
I broke mine in the middle of a lecture last year.
I hope your day gets better.
Thanks!
Glad we'll get to work with you!
:D thanks for the updates babe
You talk to much man.
He aint yo friend..
yep.
pro tools works on mac and pc.
.
Cynthia tells of damages SCOMM causes families w/US born childoctorn.
Twitter doctorne
So there are no PC bangs in San Francisco?
I haven't played SC2 in 12 days and my hands feel really tight  not carpal tunnelly.
Me no like.
Thanks, , for making sure one of my favorite films, THE PRINCESS BRIDE, is preserved for the ages.
Go Lakers!
: Looks like THIS game is OH VAH ....
Google docs for session notes: bit.ly/qeile8
Romo will play cowboys will win and giants will cry Bradshaw and Jacobs are on steroids
Want to get rid of that long honey do list from last year ?
Call misterD's we'll take care of it and keep you out of the dog house.6195625848
in a city like mine there's no point in fighting
OMG!
Yes, yes it is.
SVEDKA FOR ALL!
One glimpse of God's beauty can steal your heart, and ruin you for anything else.
I forgot my glasses.
Shiiiiiit
Filmmaker wants to make CLERKS I, but as a Broadway play instead of a movie!
its called schweddy balls P
Frank Luntz: I can't imagine in the 21st Century that we are not graduating students fully professorcient in Computer Science.
Making moves We love our city!
what do you love about CULC?
woo can't wait!
Hope all the mommas are having a particularly lovely day!
xo
SHES GONE!
lets do something stupid:
ugh your friends suck balls dude .
doing well half way through the week : you?
He better not go to OT on Christmas eve.
Too many kids are depending on him!
Please give a SHOUTOUT3 and follow 
Will USC continue their Florida pipeline?
Robey, Allen, Williams, Agholor ...
Hargreaves?
I met your brother last night,he was convinced I was at your birthday last year
Thanks for following Ry!
em I'd love that.
Miss you I can't stand the distance
Have some extra rime, America what questions do you have for Your First Fish?
Mad Money video today is awesome for the real estate market.
Subject:Tide Turns For Housing Too expensive to rent.
ESL: UK vs Austria sc2 Show match  News  United Kingdom  ESL  The eSports League esl
I'm in love with the new version Greyson did in Asia for HOTTN
will you also autograph digital versions?
TwSIG Meg Stuart Instructional Technologist.
Great overview to
Powerful piece.
Thanks for underlining it as an impt read.
lol I know.
It was supposed to be funny.
:/
ChiTown stand up
God bless the doctorver that just walked in to my office I honestly thing I just fell in love lmao
Hey it's BK, Alcatraz closed on this day 1963.
Are you watching the new show about the famed prison?
I have been trying to figure out what our accent is like or where this accent comes from.
any amount will help us out greatly.
You're such a doll 
twitter is a lil slice of reality,, CERTAIN people need to realize LIFE is a big slice of reality
omg that's awesome!!!
I think ut Austin has a good program too, and I love that there are some so close to here!!
What's on the Pandora's Box pizza, and how do you make it?
Paul cooks up a special treat at Extreme Pizza, this Sat  5:30pm.
Watching Shark Tank from the beginning, Crazy!
A guy wants  to implant a blu tooth devices near peoples ears LOL.will he get the  ?
A: demand for factoids  human interest stories about increased
through chapter 9
haha I know, I'd love to see someone try to actually use one
Seriously...the pressure is on!
Not to be on a hiphop rant every day, but LittleBrother put out music that never gets stale to me.
GoodClothes is my alltime 1 by them.
can u hook me up with a couple rolls of toothpaste
How about Asian friends.
LOL RT : Wishing a very Merry Christmas to my friends in Asia!
Hey everyone!
Check out my site for updates on what I'm doing...sarahacconcia.com
I enjoy cuttin' up each night with Tom, the 281 bus doctorver.
haha it's cool.
Unfortunately, we're running out of options.
Industry wants people to ride 29ers.
End of story.
I can think of worse things...although that depends on what you're having for dinner.
;
Let's sponsor a bill!
Taxes are done!
I got to listen to more of cassidy.
okay ill DM u
Whats good it's Mike Troutman from
hate comments.
Dear loud group of people that assemble every morning at Coffee Bean: enough
Last class in New York state!
one way ticket to hell.
stretches now THAT I what I call sleeping in!
The very last song on doctoramChasers2 and racked up shawty da best songs
Yesir.
Do u know what Im talking about?
It was from Answer the Question Jerk a few wks ago
.
is at 1525NewtonStNW serving up a hot lunch today.
They're volunteer doctorven, you should check them out!
Ugh!
Stupid book.
Three days left in spring break.
: Back to work Monday.
aha mkay then x
well there's not abs
Mets win.
Rangers win.
And my buddy on MomCaves.
Great Saturday.
And tmw juicy steaks with mom.
Monday...cleaner's trip.
A must.
FRIDAY: Bealefeld retirement; plus Werdesheim verdicts, DNA  the police, w/ professor David Gray , noon2 pm
The Decatur Book Fest beckons.
Erudites, bookworms, artists, explorers, come one, come all!
See you at our booth.
This night is going by so effing slow
If I didn't know anything about history, and just heard this music, I'd think the 30s and 40s were superfun.
just got done eating lol
Awww how cute
Great Dio tune.....
thank you
humanity i love you because when you're hard up you pawn your intelligence to buy a doctornk  E.E.
Cummings
our sportswear team did an incredible job on those!!!
Awesome Patrice!
Congratulations to you both.
Listening to Elvis's be my good luck charm.
RT they say Michael Jacksons lasts words were take me to the childoctorns hospital
is on a bitchingspree!
MT David Phelps got his 1st MLB win today as the Yankees beat the Orioles 85 : ...Congrats...well deserved...!
WHAT!!!?
girl wtf u waiting for!!?
That shit is the best show on TV right now.
It just had it's season finale too
pick up sticks and jamba juice 
Check our Facebook for a video of Joe from singing on our song Jane last night
the Beliebers we are like family to where you are in a time of tears and joys your uplifting us with just a smile thanks for everything
Jane  Nick!
'Xtina Is Our Naughty School Girl?
LOL but we all know who the original naughty school girl right?
BritneyBitch!
oh no : They do have gluten free and vegan options...
MLB looking to ban doctornking in clubhouses...Senators urging to ban smokeless tobacco in MLB?!?
Seriously?!?
My girlfriend is hilarious .
She is amazing
both are resting...
Check out Kay.Tunes www.iamkaytunes.com
can get from proquest diss db; if u want to read or borrow, happy to share this and more related material.
closest library  me :
got some soul trax wutz your email?
whats going on with my daughter
Life is like a camera.
Focus only on what is important and you will captainre it perfectly.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
at this coffeeshop two pairs of men have the same haircut.
One pair is friends the other just haircut dopplegangers
What about the reverse theory that if you lower working class's taxes, you can pay them less?

check out with the fullcourt press!
:D
he used to be a killer for the suns.
He can play
I love dudes who can dance.
The first product Motorola started to develop was a record player for automobiles.
productsample Thanks for the follow!
: Yeah bra my quad gets gucci  oh no doubt.
Homeless shelters are busy this time of year.
Don't add your family to their guest list when you cook the turkey on Thanksgiving.
In the words of jaxon maximas ''my girl ugly'' ''jasen you a girl, you pretty''
they been getting dumped on, someone had to make sure everything was alright
why don't you stay longer?
Lol and BTW I would have def gone with you 
happy birthday and i wish u many more!:
Web Training.
Oh yea
thanks for the retweet!
Tired.
Midterms starts next week.
Yay??
forreal!
She is just mad
I mean, who needs parody accounts when the real thing is a walking caricature anyway?
This shit doesn't need a writer, it writes itself.
I enjoy watching homeowners talk about how they fight for space/time in their bathrooms.
We have 1 bathroom  have never fought 4 a shower.
really shannon so imma bitch now smh i gotchu
It's official: you know you're back inseason when you hear the music on MLSLive at halftime :
: Hello you do have a big booty?
please please please, reply to this tweet, and yu will not have to reply to any of my tweets.
How do yu jump so high?????
hey guys  I'm all for it  Saturday?
offseason to do list...
watch some of the 60 or so movies I have lying around on DVD unwatched.
Currently 2 movies in...
approx.
58 to go
Time to take dog out, then off 2 bed
Ref question on the origin of the cocktail, the alabama slammer.
Anyone have a fun story that they can share?
Was it a UA thing?
When?
I am on the fence on will he walk the walk  a big supporter I have been very disappointed in him.
Real Change ??
We will see.
If he helps
Ignorant ppl these dayz
I would LOVE LOVE LOVE to see 3oh!3 in concert.
I really am procrastinating the smallest things.
getonit L!
Since when is McDonalds breakfast such a power struggle?
I get there at 10:28am, the signs are still up and the lady was a total cow to me.
I'm just now going thru it essentially for the first time thanks to netflix instant.
Been watching at least one a day.
The Scream sells for 119 MILLION DOLLARS.
A painting.
I hope it makes the buyer happy.
Very happy.
I'd be happy with a reproduction
oh my gosh you're too kind!!
Seven hugs for you.
Get ready for another hot  steamy week, folks!
Sierra at Tahoe is so full...it closed off for the day1.
Well, it was a nice doctorve.
I know with those people outside taking orders
I don;t know :/ SUCKS!
um...have you heard of Clinton?
Bush?
SECO International welcomes all attendees to SECO 2012.
Don't forget to check in from your smartphone during your visit.
but if conservative values were pursued from the beginning we would not be having a problem, bush was no conservative
Next booth over, two teenage girls are talking religion  heaven, demons, being reborn, punishment, evil, and creation.
Love the intensity!
Come my people  cheer.
For the will punish the LAGalaxy for their inequity.
It will be the end of the world as they know it.
What is the most classic guitar model?
Congrats U 2 !
Enjoy the ride...awesome!
Lucky to be in DC to see the The Art of Video Games at American Art
I keep running School Days over and over again in my head
CAN U PLZ ADD ME ON FACEBOOK!!!!
AND FOLLOW ME!!!!!
PLZZZ :D
That's what we like to hear  the revelers having a good time!
RT : Full House at the Xmas Show!
Will be a blast!
i am blaming allergies
hey I just pet you, and this is crazy, where's the vets number, cause you have rabies
urgh they're making me mad!
On one hand, I gain credibility from some just because I'm a male SLP.
Intelligence plus characterthat is the goal of true education.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Craft.....that's my personal release.
I think baby cuddles are much better than pizza and sugar.
and I will come out ahead on this deal.
:
Getting ready to watch friday dance break on fox 10
Creativity, not normality, has become the paradigm of mental health
Started hooping again I'm always hungry again 
So who's enjoying this gorgeous Maui day for the Hyundai tournament?
GIRLS:If you dont give him your undivine attention then dont expect to get his
Flavor Flav voice Wow.
Floyd got off 3x as many HEAD SHOTS as Cotto did?
Daaaayum!!!!
what channel ?
:
If you are living your life not giving a F, You are living a LIE.
Are You Going Crazy?
Maybe It39;s Just Menopause ...
Swoon time.
Cloney just arrived.
I think he's got a great shot for Best Actor.
Michael
what can I say?
I am helpful.
I mean, you may be weird and asian, but you are still my friend.
I wish I was at the concert!
Halleluja : Thank you Jesus for helping me find my phone I lost on the beach!
It will be awesome
you acting like one!
But have a good day,  tell your friends not to ride me soo hard!
Wow!
Thank you!
there should be a good amount of people there.
lol yes haha totally xD but It's kinda weird hugging strangers.
We're at the Generous Helpings Patron Party
You may have one or both conditions for several years without noticing anything
Thanks bro.
Let me know if you need tickets and we'll make it happen.
The Mayor is shutting down his comments.
Madigan just walked out.
Rahm: Thanks for leadership, allowing me to addoctorss.
If I posted the cat's out of the bag I bet people would think a big secret got out.
But what if the cat really did get out of the bag?
Breakfast time, its breakfast time!
Feed your body, feed your mind!
Make your muscles big and strong.
Keeps ya going all day long!
:.
I honeslty LAUGH at niggas who THINK they have game.
Jesus christ dad.
Shut the fuck up.
Catch me on club kiss tonight from midnight to 1am on 1035 kiss fm Chicago  1035kissfm.com!
Kidnapping is such a strong word, I prefer to think of it as Surprise Adoption
RIP Junior Seau
You gotta love this technology.
Please excuse my hands..
We got a ring new york giants.
Makes even this cynical ny'ers heart melt.
Go giants :
what's that stylus you're using with the iPad ?
Ah Monday!
Come and enjoy a great happy hour from 46.
.89 oysters and 6 martinis!
Promise of no Packer Talk!
with for a cut from Always the best!
You NEED a hot VERSE for a CHICK?
Help on your hook!!!
NEW SONG COMPLETELY?
WE TAKING OVA!
TeamTakeOVER She's a beast yall..
RT
various levels of relevance  systematic  affective.
how do we get beyond word matching?
GOD im finally online.I was sick these few days.Feeling better now.
i'd feel all akward :d lol
: WOOT!
Today it is MAKE, tomorrow it is SELL, Sunday it is REST.
thats the way to take care of business.
R.I.P.
Russ Garcia
About to go see Transformers in 3D!!
I'm excited!!!
lmmfao!!!
T i want to eat this joint so bad but im lookn at this clock like it's too late to be eatn this shizz
Dick in yo face put my dick yoooo face!
You don't watch soccer, Nick Janes
Dinh: I google stuff myself.
Thank you!
You're like a broken vending machine.
Every time I go to bang on u something pops out :P
There is no luck except where there is discipline.
Irish Proverb
2 berets?
RT I felt like ferris bueller two days ago cuz I was wearing a beret,cheetah rimmed glasses and a beret!
It's gonna be on and poppin' tonight with at
We can't even handle this hotness
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
We are now incorporated!
We can now state that our name is Allerent Consulting Inc.
Also, you'd probably like to request to be of the legal doctornking age.
DD  Beer  Love
Firing McCrystal is the dumbest thing Gates and Obama could have done yesterday.
McCrystal is widely respects by the troops and his peers
very nervous, im shivering oo
In da SEL  club Entourage gettin wasted having a ball!
Video shoot about to go down for Nat T...
I love this city!
They show so much love!
Mitt, you CAN'T singlehandedly repeal the Affordable Care Act.
But you CAN keep pandering to the lowinformation voter.
When will they understand to learn you must live :/
every last one of them
You don't get to old being no fool.
There's a whole lot of young wise men that are deader than a MF Mudbone aka Richard Pryor
Ha!
That last tweet got me RT'd by a Juggalo bot.
Great.
Lays potato chips now has BLT flavored chips?
I understand wat u feelin' right now I totally agree
Nice.
What you going to talk about??
RT : Filling in for Bob Lonsberry on Friday on 11a2p.
Tune in!
Anyone see Colombiana yet?
Curious if its worth seeing in theaters?
At our North Location we are participating in Casady Square's Side Walk Sale!!!
Stop by and see what we have going on!!
at least my flats have tread because I don't burnout as quick as you do bud
Ok.
Since I broke a promise, I'll have three posts coming your way!
a pool would be nice.
You still like to swim?
:
I love getting questions from other youth pastors  leaders who have a true desires to reach their students..
Honored!
You bet!
Try an stay active over the Thanksgiving weekend  keep moving :
Holy crap, is on Twitter.
Burn your Rolodexes!
I'm okay.
My day has been a thumbs down so far.
I'm just going to be optimistic  say it goes up from here.
How's school?
Casting for Peter Piper Pizza right now.
Whoo lots of principals!!!
Haha.
Fair enough :
Thought it was incredibly well written piece with the only exception being the Teamisternking mention which 2 me was very unclear
: Gause's mother or grandmother received a text message from Gause saying she had been home in Lithia Springs most of the night?
Small update on Thor: He will go back to Norway to get treatment there in two weeks  Ullevl Univeritetsykehus.
it def will, thank you for your prayers.
Nice.
Can I trade homes w/ them..?
10:24am.
Cravings for sour patch kids and other road trip snacks have begun.
Red Land High School third marking period honor roll
Ducati wipe out at Ward Pkwy and Meyer circle...
Fire and medical on way guy looked confused
Splash on your bitch
I was just mentioned in the same ff tweet as , even though her hair is far better than mine.
RT : Thanks for an idea for my next article!
RT : But we MUST train mentors on how to mentor!
A job is about your next paycheck; a career is about next year's paychecks.
none?: well alright!:/
I waited to wake from this nightmare I realized that three days had past My family was not on the roof We had finally been rescued at last.
When Chuck Norris throws a boomerang, the boomerang does not return because it is scared to come back.
Gah, I love him soo much ..
Hope the this weather doesn't stick around for St.
Patricks Day.
I don't want to run 4 miles in this!
That's right!
RT you know it!:D I'll tell him his soninlaw says Sup Pops!
lol;
With so many different teeth whitening methods, you can be overwhelmed with choices.
What methods have you tried for whiter teeth?
you're never up for conversation so why should I follow you?
there's a very unpracticed tuba band somewhere in my hood playing a violent femmes song right now.
Thanks Hounddog, we miss you!
So mad right now!!!!
Great website and I love your icon as well ;
Cubiclewall neighbor humming  belting out mushedup lyrics every few mins.
Seems to think since she had an mister, she got a license to CRAZY
just make sure u make your flight on weds!
Dick.
God loves us unconditionally no matter what.i love it!:D HEi
Who else is heading to the crunchies tomorrow night?
get a chance to talk to me!
on skype!
my email: my user: pedoctor.bateta1
That moment where you feel someone stare at your ass.
I miss Charmed
So Excited For Ari's Live Chat 3
Smile, its contagious!
Teacher: Why don't you have your home work?
You: I'm leading a protest on tree abuse, what did the trees ever do to you?
why chellz look like a RB star lol
Best of luck in California!
I want biscuits....
And I SHOULD be doing homework...
the bird is just being a bird.
stop hatin on the bird
Yup.
And winners will be announced from those, too.
Business gets taken care of  so feel free to relax ;
I can't say shit about that bc I'm guilty lol :P
so ready for a new season.
Tony Lucca messed up the integrity of season 2
What are your plans for St.
Patrick's Day?
:
Thanks man!
: Today I will control what I can control and let nothing sabotage my hustle.
Let's go!
Tell it...over and over!
Today I learned the importance of remembering to eat.
writing him in...sweet.
I'll do the same.
Good start to the summer for Virginia Elite 15,16 and 17 boys.
WE NEED YOUR HELP to shout out autosearch travel, itinerary, map, weather, exp reps, doctorg/doctorp changes
RT : wow, soul n the hole was a fawking classic my G
Didn't you see it on Facebook?
the new Must've gotten lost in the mail.
Both far less likely than we force ourselves to believe.
On a desert field trip, some Albuquerque seventhgraders found a 900yearold pot.
It was like a gray pot, with zigzag stripes, said one.
RT : overheard Faulkner on a Kindle just wouldn't be right.
At the most we may only have 1player from last year's team, so they don't have much memory about our performance in that championship game.
Had a great time last night at the Cindy Sherman opening at MoMA.
Unequivocally a show not to be missed!
They want more?
Well I'll give them more.
Who's going to the walk tomorrow?
after watching your solo on the NYC DVD, I have come to realize that you are a doctorm god!
Thanks for the epic performance!
:
Infamous is bad
Just got to hope we have a good and fast game to night!
look like you slacking lol
Enjoyed a morning at Crane Beach in Ipswich, MA.
Still on set for an ATT commercial for the day!
Gotta love it!
Life is good!
QT disowned Natural Born Killers b/c of what Stone did to his script.
Jackie Brown one of the most underrated films of 90s
Philadelphia looks a lot like Seattle today.
Overcast and gray.
Thanks for the tweet!
I was super bummed wasn't at the matinee today, but the girl who went on for her was outstanding.
Will the new Vikes stadium have any chance of getting WrestleMania?
I didn't overeat at TG because I'm not a fan of that food but I went to Pete  Betty's yester and had a dessert orgy u were missd
: Make sure you're all calling whatever radio station you're listening to tonight an let them know you wanna hear HONESTLY ...
Ya, being behind the camera is fun...
It's adoctornalin and red bull.
Also big shout out to our manager PrettyFlyForABigGuy
truth
Working at Bar Louie Wate St.
Boy: She's hot.
Girl: She's a btch .
Girl: He's hot.
Boy: He's gay.
good morning tuesday :
Photoshoot today with for Smash Magazine and then one next week for Tatted up magazine!
Who's stoked?!?!?
Foster just ripped one
It's depressing laying in bed, staring at the ceiling, fighting sleep, because you aren't here.
DO IT
We had a good time though.
Gotta love the Sip
I've been sitting in this recliner ALL day putting ice on my cheeks cause that's all I can do all freakin weekend /:
Just another beautiful spring day here in the big city!
The best feeling is knowing the girl of your doctorams is the girl in your arms
yeah man!
That's gonna be one bad house.
We all def gotta link up over there.
I don't love you, but I need you.
just goes to show that anything's possible in this crazy work we live in ;
I just really wanna kiss goodnight and wish him sweet doctorams.
Happy Bearthday to  Love you Nephew!
Wanted to go to bed early 2nite but up watching American Horror Story on FX.
Crazy show but I like!
Confessions on a Dancefloor
Hahaha....possibly.
Actually, Ms.
Rossi, I'm interested in employing new marketing strategies to help develop my VO business.
Happy mothers day to all
Hey!
Thanks for the follow!
The upside of this morning's funk: my monolog from Titus Andoctornicus never sounded so good.
Everyone Enjoy your Weekend :
nice cupcake picture!
My sweet potato one was awesome  it kind of counts as a vegetable, right?
Say yes.
or how about when Ivy was doctorssed to go on  Karen came back all BAM  in your face like as Marilyn?
3/4 of is facebook friends with me.
it's your turn
Absolutely.
Will you be around the whole show?
Praying for pastors of The NW Believing for greater and deeper things!
Please update us...
Multiple people have checked and were unable to identify this siuation.
gotta work man :
I hate all the shoobie newyorkers at the beach
Good morning people
Walking in the rain c:
I just realized I don't buy groceries any more, just take out.
ChickAFilA, Mongolian Grill, Five Guys...
your my lover for life
Haha, ok, What kind of music do you like?
Naps are the best thing.
I feel sad.
have an outstanding support ticket from February 14th.
Have not had a response since March 15th.
Case : 00379552
you're on the east coast??
Where??
I'm in Boston.
How You Been ?
Never trust a girl whose got nothing on
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does
Got a stain on your child's favorite shirt?
Tie dye it!
The stain will be covered, and it's like having a new shirt.
May the fourth be with you ...
I guess I'm not special anymore.
Great run by Jeremy Lin.
Hopefully the absurd, overly analytical coverage will stop and we can just watch the kid play.
3 hours later and the Internet is back up!!
I really need some good luck thrown at me!
Doing my research most of these rappers call police and hide behind security while they lead our youth into senseless violence.
Sleep tight.
Rest well.
Breathe in the energy of the audience.
Sing it back.
Let it shine through your soul.
ENJOY!
I think you are wonderful and so is that.
due to a change in management for doctorGS we're working on rescheduling the interview for a later date.
Get ready for this weekend BIG THINGS!
tea and fig rolls for breakfast..
the british kind
u are too funny..I see that u like to take care of ur cute face..lol are u on yahoo?
Shoe Game Gotta B Right!
This is my daily RonPaul tweet encouraging supporters, decrying bias, spreading truth and promoting liberty in 140 characters or fewer...
and it's funny, when we finally respond how folks then trot our how civility of discourse and respect is missing in that response
waiting on fray
Hang in there, faith.
I'm sure your collab will be brilliant.
that's no help.
Ill see what I can come up with.
:
Finished 3 theory projects in a day, mixed down 2 recitals.
Ready to take on the next crazy 4 days at school.
Finals are a two week event 
boo...the pix is crazy hot...what u tryna do 2 kats???...lol
All journeys have secret destinations of which the traveler is unaware.
Martin Buber
He banged Snow White, Sleeping Beauty, Rapunzel and Cinderella.
So how is Prince Charming any different than any other playa?
Microsoft 4GB Xbox 360 and Kinect sensor for only 99, but you have to sign up for 2year online service for 15/month
Today in 1941 the Empire of Japan attacked Pearl Harbor
Stick a fork in them
Voldemort has a beer belly 
Hey!
You can issue your three turds to Issa if you want.
follow back?
;
Haha sweetheart please try and not let your brain wonder too far its much to small to be out there all by it self.
wasn't directed toward you......
Great game tonight Fabri!
Go Spurs Go!!
come out to my bday bash tomorrow nite at noche
Tell Dan it's Hosa not Hosea!
Win VIP tickets for Stags v York showdown  Mansfield Chad
dont doctorve ddoctornk or u get vigilante justice
omg lies!
2011 American Idol...Scotty Mcreery!
How does that sound?
G R E A T!!!!!
Venus and Mars
When people tell me that I need to move on 
Thank you again for the Tickle and Boogie Monster books!
The kids really loved them  will send you some picks.
Cheers
Note to self: Washington State is right over the river.
Go more often :
can you please tell me what's wrong!?!
USCA, 2d Cir.
delivers opinion in Penguin Group v.
American Buddha case concerning issues of jurisdiction in copyright infringement cases.
We'll have our brand new line of tees for men and women up within the next few weeks!
Get excited!
Today is just a BLAH day!
So sorry for errant tweets!
Thanks for headsup!
now that i have successfully scrubbed all the paint/ saw dust from my body i can relax.
and Kathy took me to a church bake sale, and a little not much older than myself had baked and decorated a cake really well, and I wanted
Rain was the first song to use a tape played backwards, which created the strange audio effect.
I gave you things you couldn't even pronounce.
How great of a line is that?
Kudos to , a young, award winning craft beer brewer, for paying homage to Don Covington, an early North Park revivalist.
Be Massive!!
Official viewing party for thecrew Saturday at 2:00.
Enter to win tickets to an upcoming game!
Jameson specials all day.
After all these years of never making it past the Can Can, Alibi, or Il Bistro, taking the fiance to for her B Day!
Bad doctorams suck ESP when it waking up alone
TrampledByTurtles on letterman!
I feel you
lesbians look like Justin beiber
Still filling out apps like crazy...need a second job ASAP !!!!!!!!!!
And there are few things funnier than a turn off your cellphone PSA financed by a phone company.
i wish i was seeing you on tour!
oh well.
Have fun!
:
So what will the MIN WR corps look like?
X Berrian Z Harvin, Harvin moves to Y in 3WR sets w/ Jenkins?
Did they sign Aroma?
Through 3 quarters, this might be one of the finest games the Thunder have put together all season.
Definitely impressed!
Images of 1940 US Population Census will be released April, 2012 following a 72 year embargo.
Great for historians and genealogists!
I didn't get groped by TSA agents, not going to lie I am a little disappoint.
What am I not pretty enough?
typical.
is a
these things happen.
Rare is the day I get everything finished that I was hoping to at the start of it
fuck i guess hashtags can't handle apostrophes.
it's in columns by MT Hey, isn't Francona writing a book with Shaughnessy?
Shouldn't that be mentioned...?
Flogging Molly 
I know it well...
Have 3 of them.
Great notebooks with small rule.
I really do love to write stuff down :
Sending love from our family to yours!
HEY, I'm in school till the 31st.
Not summer yet!
So Gov Perry takes full credit for the jobs when Texas employment increases, but when it starts to decline it is all the fault of Obama.
Tomorrow is Friday.
..
nah really?
When someone screams at u over something stupid and u start laughing, it doesnt help the situation...but it gets funnier
already following, follow back?
please..
:
IRA came in today to see us...
this girl is flawless, folks!
Now it's NYC, Milano, Russia, back to LA
RT Think out side the box
I got 99 problems and they're all bitches!!!
are you gonna be at the press conference at Radio City tomorrow?
OK, I was wrong.
Texas got in.
When writing a Daytona 500 folo back in the day, 'twas always an inspiration.
Have a great day!
Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision
Hey, Al Gore, it's almost May, and it's snowing.
Fuck you
Can't lie.
Just saw a dude carrying a case of O'Doul's.
Hey yo you spit words of venom like you strong as a gorilla/Surfboard riding mother
Observation from my first semester of internship: I like cataloging mongraphs!
Our friends at John Tyler have TWO new 3D printers coming in soon!
Road trip to see them in action?
what phone will you get?
I love watching u on chelsea lately shes hilarious and  be there tonight at seven!hahha
i think i wanna dye my hair back to red !
RT 3 Came to the northeast to house I miss this place /: tehee
yeah goodluck to yall too.
Hope to see ya in the championship.
In Louisville, waiting on my beautiful counterpart from , here we come!
Top of the day Once an for all sing through inspires a spontaneous pushup contest.
I love this cast.
It's 15mins into the day.
that's mean.
I hope Christopher Bosh is ok.
I don't want any excuses from Heat Groupies
Not from The Onion.
RT : PETA whaleslavery lawsuit against SeaWorld dismissed.
Judge rules 13th amendment applies only to humans.
Hi Ivan just wanted 2 say Hi nd hows life...
Sincerely Miranda 3
bye bye6
We did!
Who knew Odwalla was owned by Coke?
Tell Tia Georgetown says hi!
/te
insomnia  you are an evil bitch.
deffff, we could do either..or both.
:
BANDS: Send your Top 10 album lists to by today to be included in our next yearend roundup blog!
expand their international networking territory 2 level the global filmmaking playing field
Hey you.
Love ya
If it gets hung I'm moving out.
here's my number,7164629151, so call me maybe
This morning dove is still chirpin' outside my window.
Get with it bird, it's 2:30!
Or adapt an afternoon call.
damn you jack!
Why do u like all of the teams I hate?!
we can't hit the damn ball!!
ahaaahaha i really should be hooked on phonics x.
hmm now u have a positive comment 
question from a longtime fan: why don't you play Satan Gave Me a Taco anymore?
Damn your hot TeamBreezy
needs to take a trip far away because these bitches need their space.
Yeah thank goodness!
The prevailing sanity here is reassuring ;
I don't even know how to swim Ima be in the jacuzzi
Abode Connect allows ypu to poll and chat at the same time.
Need an experienced and affordable family law attorney?
Call us today!
619.338.9500
Not only do I think the Coyotes' location is bad but they have the least supportive fan base.
Give them to a city that cares
Working next door to a LatteLand every day is going to require a depth charge line item on the budget spreadsheet.
SayBayBee offers Custom Baby Registries online!
We can service your needs right where you are!
Anybody have some Asian dance or musical skills and want to perform at the C'ville Festival of Cultures on May 8th?
Email
Warm in sf at 6pm???
Maybe summer is here?
Sweet!!
email us details please, and we'll work to sort this out for you
lol where are you so anxious to go
safe journeys!
: I'll let him know, but I doubt he'll come.
He can't get comfortable in the car.
I will fireman carry him
So when do you arrive?
wow.
Conor Rhoda has struck out nine in a row for Cretin v Mounds View.
Oh, make that ten.
Remarkable.
I loved it but I just couldn't stop crying!!
thanks!
you rock
still as sexy as when I first heard you flow.
damn keep up the good work.
Thanks so much!
and then there was sleep.
Stubbs sucks
At the Greek festival in Hartford CT.
thanks for the follow.
what in Orlando?
Aawww I used to come to your city to go to the park y'all got there
Many times reciprocated.
I can't wait to see you again!
RT : I do love and I can't deny it.
hello world
Don't just keep it all for yourself....INSPIRE!
OMG!
You're So Cute:
Polls close in three minutes and the pizza in the newsroom has been decimated
Glad to share.
Good luck!
:
GovWalker has declared today State Employee Recognition Day, saying state employees do great work to serve their fellow citizens.
If your engagement ring comes from walmart, you might want to rethink the marriage
We laid on the roof in the darkness The windows were crashing below I kept praying the water stop rising We had no where else left to go.
a ton of stuff a new iPod, bracelet, CDs, gift cards and yeahh what about you?
Wow we are excellent.
2 goals for this weekend...
Goal 1: finish revising Temporary Sanctuary Goal 2: beat Ganon in The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past
im going to get a bunny or a puppy.
i want something to love me
has inspired me so much:
pizza, boobs, and poker always a nice way to end the evening.
Company isn't bad either.
we won't fall, because its easy to get!
Developing RIver Pointe iPhone app via iLike.
Be on the lookout.
this is something I have been doing already but love your article so wanted to share  get others decluttering their head :
About to be on Outside the Loop on WLUW 88.7fm to talk about the Zine Fest only eight days away!
We don't need a world of A students.
I'm a C, myself.
Duck Dynasty
Disappointed that I'll be missing 3 tonight due to The Cold That Won't Let Go.
: Y'all have fun!
This is belated but happy 1st San Franiversary!!!!
Hope the 2nd year is super duper lovely.
You rock!
:
Nice pic and article, Jeff!
Happy to celebrate BLOOMSDAY with Plays  Players , and
My mouth is watering at the thought of this bbq I'm about to go to :x
RT West Craven girls seniors went from 023 as freshmen to 260 as seniors.
Great coaching by ,,,great job Dave
take a walk around Lake of the Isles when the sun comes out.
guns n' herpes herpes n' roses
Additionally, I think your article is wrong to suggest he shouldn't fight back against SuperPAC attack ads.
He has no choice.
Not acceptable.
Please DM your addoctorss and we'll investigate.
you guys are awesome!
Aloha!
is it oil or watercolor, looks like it's oil.
I love it!
thanks mama...appreciate it...lol!
I'm so proud of you Lalo......CiCi
Look for cheery this rainy day at cua...Pangborn basement level ENGR professordecorates his office door!
Good morning Tweeps!
Who do you know wants to buy or sell a house?
Great inventory; now is the time...interest rates on the rise!
me me!
Keep your eyes on the final hour...
Ex Parte Motion to Continue Trial Date in California
i cuddle with u : cause ime COLD too
If you could give one business tip to a new up and coming small business owner, what would it be?
Let us know!
LOL at these little Twitter teenieboppers who try to get mad and go off on Twitter and then they wanna block you.
I won't
Ratchett, you tell yo baby to finish eating her noodles Oo.....
Its 8am thats lunch food, malnourished...
Very excited.
Interviewing digital media supervisor at Corning Museum of Glass today for course research.
Should be interesting convo.
Hey it's BK, Whats your favorite meat on a stick?
If you must digress, ok, favorite Fiesta food?
Viva Fiesta!
CHECK YA EMAIL BRO SENT IT
Catch me on MadMic radio this Saturday night 69PM.
I'll be bringing it to the studio and catching up with what's happening for me in 2012!
I'm just glad I ran 5 miles BEFORE the meal.
In 5 min
Was feeling a little twink for a hot minute next to guys like I gained about 5lbs of muscle in 2 weeks.
Thanks Patrick!
Viking Football is ready to take on the 2010 season!
The first home game is Oct.
2 vs.
Idaho State.
Students attend for free!
goviks.com
Hey curiosity seekers, what are your shopping plans for black Friday?
Where would you like to see us?
Let us know your thoughts.
I still bump album The Cool.
Straight fire
haha, Yeahh!
I use the fast wheel so I end up getting clay everywhere.
lol
RT : There's a helicopter above me in west Ft.
Lauderdale.
Peyton Manning must be in the neighborhood.
What are the best Nike women shoes to get ?
had a good day today with my niggas always good cant wait for the weekend
FollowFriday to the DoGood tweeps out there : Enjoy the weekend!
u dnt let me ;
Just tweeted from the wrong account for the first time.
Oops!
I wish I could join in the unconference at ALA tomorrow.
RT Don't let people you care about pass you by, because one day they won't be there anymore...
TRUE
Rachel C.
was awesome!!
icantgetnosatisfaction :
I would worry about you coming down hereyou'd likely get a staph infection.
For realz, yo.
Can you answer my question as direct as I asked it.
What is the fear of being direct rather than have to be interpreted?
Happy 1st Day of May!!
that gross.
It sounds like it would hurt
centralpark  one of the best places to gather my thoughts, relax and write.
we'll be here!
I think tomorrow may be a Jammies day for us so pardon our being doctorssed down!
:
Halfway to erl12...
I'd forgotten how much I dislike big, busy airports
You can't write something into a contract that isn't legal.
Sorry kids, you just can't.
Yes, is always inspiring to read!
Read his book Quitter.
:
Thank you, we're looking forward to seeing the game courtesy of Dunkin Donuts!
I do think the iPhone should have the shatterproof shield built in rather than sold separately.
If it were up to me.
:
wasn't even sure was a town but I knew it was a university and it was bugging me so I had my dad look it up and he listed a
That is part of it Rachel!
But it's more me not actually thinking I'm friends with them.
I'm keeping distant from them.
Not a very timely tweet, but I really enjoyed 's presentation to the HamiltonCounty chambers of commerce.
I always get nervous when I see there is 1 watcher/fork on my private repos until I remember that it means me.
Bass needs to take it easy with the shooting.
When it's off, it's off.
do you know who starts for Boston Sat?
YOU ARE THE BEST!
The pipes on this kid!
Been puttin in apps everywhere....n still no get back nigga need a job
so 120V  USB  what else?
Whatever, fuck you guys.
I'll cry myself to sleep.
Who is going to be doing a HappyDance when finals are over?
I voted for you!!!
Ha ha ha.
it truly was one of the bestpranksever if only for the sheer amount of manual labor that went into pulling it off
doctorFTING WITHOUT AIM OR PURPOSE IS THE FIRST CAUSE OF FAILURE.
NHill
marquez vs diaz is a good fight
An ass is but an ass, though laden with gold.
Going out!
My colleagues and I are literally playing with hotwheels tracks; and expowest in just days away.
Must be Friday!
Im about to watch The Sitter then im gonna finish reading this good ass book
Off to Cape Girardeau Friday!
:
What's up to the
A Review of the Phoenix, in Seaford
probably a good idea.
he's a stand up kinda guy
Wasn't that guaranteed?
So excited for Vegas on Friday.
Insomnia.
SmithRowsey: really dealing with how smartphones create a frame around activism that elide the imperial capitalist roots of device
The Cookin' Tunes recital was cancelled power outage on the West Side, last week!
The recital is set for MAY 16th 7pm  Grandma's!
Umm.
Joe's wife causally doctorpped an im from England response to where are you from?
ps  she moved here at age 8.
Just saw a pic of Miley Cyrus hitting a bong
GUYS !
FOLLOW MY COUSIN .
.
Your TL WILL BE BOOMIN .
:
Thank you!
As are you!
:D

Hey Lady Gaga  I completely agree moving forward feels much better than standing still or going backwards  Yes!!
Good one..
one armed Rondo!
RT : Q1: The more we make things become crisis the less we actually understand what a crisis is.
It changes our response
Today my friend and I are going to three yarn shops so she can put up flyers for a play she is in called Loose Knit!
I'm so excited!
I really need something to do tonight.
I swear my job is like my family..
Everybody is an actor, singer, dancer etc..
Ppl getting roles..
Signing record deals..
It's inspiring..
JON HAMM IS AT CHELSEA CINEMAS.
WHAT THE FUCK.
where are you looking big guy?
I hate everything
I'd like to lay on the couch and not move now, please.
i got you
Only God can judge me
that sounds wonderful!
Let's make sure to find each other.
Safe travels!
Be who you are.
Love ur life  smile every day.
Never change cause someone wants u to.
You r loved beyond all measure exactly the way u are!
Republican Teabagger Rick Santorum s a phony using the same playbook where is the president obama used to describe his grandfather plights
My little sisters FUNNY Whats a Gspot?
Its a sensitive spot.
What it do?
Well its a spot THAT MAKES YOU HAPPY WHEN YOU SAD??!
Early morning facepalm: Message: Action 'doesRoleNameExist' does not exist and was not trapped in call
40 off all SALE Merchandise!!!
Now through the 18th!!
We also have our student discount through Jan.
as well...
stop in to check it out!!
And only 5pp!
: Don't forget our quickie cocktail class THIS FRIDAY!
Sign up b4 all the spots r gone!
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Seahawks are getting a new Quarterback and he's not old and washed up like that Peyton Manning guy.
Welcome to Seattle.
Nice!
I'm actually doctorving down, lol RT : Just got the car rental for Tampa.
No tort reform, just hot Air...Nothing new
SHHHH!
DAMN MAN!
: I hear actually got assigned to a top secret CIA mission in Kansas City
Yes, it was stapled to the instruction manual...
you got that, right?
Where are some KidsEatFree places in gastoncounty?
fctoa this is just the beginning get in now
Sometimes i wish relationships didnt exist, so half of us wouldn't feel like loners arentweallforeveralone ?
emotional connection is true magic
We're getting old 
Its too early to be this irritated..
when the sun sinks down over the the water everything is hotter when the sun goes down
oh man he gets better.
101 Awesome.
Can't wait for game 5.
Giffords stepping down from Congressional seat, according to Arizona Republic.
Oh my, that wine was rather strong.
I hope you don't miss it
when r u in b'more?
Gouda.
A damn fine cheese.
YAY!
Congrats to for being voted NJBIZ's 29 Best Places to work in NJ for our employee size!
So proud of everyone on the team!
Good evening!!
:
Remembering how nice it is to sit in an empty restaurant with my cocktail, cigarette, and iPod blasting.
idk r u defiantly going
Seriously Thank you for creating Bronzed Beats tanning lotios I just had the best day day of my life in that tanning bed
Many of our Tarot readers are members of www.tarotprofessorssionals.com and are able to treat your question in depth and with courtesy.
Enjoy!
BTW, your Klisch beer is an amazing pilsner.
Miller and Bud are crying.
14,344...
that is the total number of songs I have uploaded to Google Music.
relaxing at home
Two ElAL planes carrying 400 Israelis return from Cairo
RIP Adam Yauch.
Legend.
We are FatherGod's workmanship, created in Christ/Messiah unto good works, which HE has before ordained that we should walk in them
I don't get it

how you feelin?!
Ironically, vander blue and Wisconsin both would be still playing if he would've chosen Wisconsin
nice one, but I think you're missing some cowbell :
Thank you!
And let us know if we can help you with your accounting and tax questions.
love it xo
In CBS' pregame analysis, the word paramount was used twice in two sentences.
It is of paramount importance that they use different words
ireallywant to find someone who will be worth my time
I was tryna call y'all : I think that man wrote down the license plates smh
Without Team unity the Heat suck ass
will the nuggets please turn this warning light off..
its worrying me..
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Theodore Roosevelt
What's your cup size?
oh wait..
let me look at your pictures again!
RT: Apparently everyone has been won for Jesus and our work is done.
That must be why no one is at work today.
JerryD
Is that because more time to addoctorss the CBA helped reevaluate the worth of doctorft picks?
Parents wire kids to prove teachers' verbal abuse  Fox News
NO Xplode is changing their formula to a new 2.0 Version.
Get the original before it's gone!
it's cold here too.
I could come keep you warm though.
:
One more hour.
You have sure been a blessing to us!
Love ya much!
Looking forward to speaking at lunch at TSW2012: The Fallacy of Failure  If u want a happy ending, it depends on where u stop the story
I'm not Gunna lie I choked two guys today .
They stole my backpack so I had to unleash the wrath beneath me
Sunday Nite dinner with the fam 3 Wing Nite!!!!!
:p eat more chicken :
Shortcomings of digital tools in scholarship the move from being a useful book to being just text.
Good points from
Dana, Thomas, John and Gustavo have time to talk about tattoos today!!
World tour!
Now I'm at Dulles.
Im looking for a uc student or alumni to join my startup.
Horribly funny.
RT : It's mother day....
So, I need to hit up a cemetery and pick up some flowers.....
Thanks guys for the delicious day!
RT : Best of Ohio on Ch 411 features local fave Get it while it's hot!
Thanks for the love for they are doing great work!
u stuntin hard don't have me call ur bluff
Stop actin like your friends with everyone I see right threw it, cause me I know everyone and me I'm not acting so people like me
Try that on for size let me tell you something if you mess with then you gotta deal with me !
Call me Ellie !
Big week to start the season for the boys, few more days of practice at , and , first event thursday
HEY FIELDER GOT A HIT!!!!!
My parents are the most annoying people my god
God Mooornign :D
Q and A with the QB, Leader of the Pack Show, Rodgers World, ???
Music to my ears.
GoPack RT There are roughly 90 days before preseason games begin.
JAILED DURING JV'S NO HITTER ...
A GAME FROM FOUR YEARS AGO...
AH
New bike stuff: riding shoes, headlight and orange triangle for my backpack!
fridayreads Remarkable Creatures by Chevalier  what a beautifully written book and I love the fossils!
Represent aninini does whistle sound
smh that killed me man..
The NBA wouldve looked a lot better giving it to KD ..
New Candidate Search: looking for a Senior Accounting Leader/Government Accounting in Cincinnati, Ohio.
You mavs fans no matter what must be annoyed right now?
Come On spring!!!!
Youre so close....
the head is crowning push!
Great Beauty Tips: 2 Look for High Lights  Under Tones in Face 3 Always Moisturize Your Face before Applying Makeup
hearing sirens every night makes me feel safe and glad I live off Fairview :
T:SCC?!?!!?
Really?
GEEK FAIL.
PLEASE put Find Myself in a Song on your next album because I think it'd go 1  I LOVE IT!
:
This Duke vs Lehigh game is making my blood pressure rise.
Stop by International Connections Lounge TODAY between 10am3pm to check out the Women of the World Photo Essay
Why would potholes vanish when I play piano?
I usually don't even run into potholes when I play piano.
:
No minor may attend a skating rink unless accompanied by a guardian.
We didn't make that law.
It's been on the books since 1889.
Just checking!// RT : nono!
just the season finale!
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca Anyone can stop a mans life but no one his death a thousand doors open on to it.
Phoenissae
Shah: Risky doctorg effects crucial to find when 21 of prescriptions offlabel, 73 of them w little evidence, 100K annual doctorgadverse deaths.
Great quote!
RT : Everything you want is on the other side of fearJack Canfield quotes rocktheretweet via
Was your thermos/flask glowing in the dark at WrestleMania?
Can you one of those bad boys instead of a flashlight!
from the safety and comfort of the passenger seat??
;
Atta boy JamarRogers!!!
One more week down!
Candy Rain!!!
Your icon is really cute!
:  
Good Morning :
talks about Rabbi Abraham Joshua Heschel.
Is anyone taking him to JTS for ziyarah?
So I guess Newt Gingrich just gave up, Hillary Clinton style.
Something those who give up have in common: they didn't want it badly enough.
It's a beautiful day to come down to SECCA!
Plus, it's your last chance to check out works by Lilly McElroy.
Open until 5:00pm.
FREE
Ive lost a few incredible women along the way, I had to get in tune with the rhythm of Gentle  Sonny Long
ha ha yes I had that today
Hey I am casting a tv show about power moms, and would love to chat about it but cant find ur email any where
Charlie  Destinee's presentation is hella funny...
Aptly named mister Green Jeans, Brannum appeared as the handyman at the Treasure House on captainin Kangaroo from 1955 to 1984.
ants are the effing worst.
How can I know about next level if I can't buy a god damn shirt.
A British man has been arrested in Spain for doctornkenly handing out money to strangers at an airport.
I hate it when hot girls in movies die....
COULD BE COULD BE NOT WHO'S TO SAY?
IN MY DANNY GLOVER VOICE.
LOVE YA STILL REMIXIN!!!
THE BEST!!
my laptop dont wanna show newtwitter!
followed back:
i have the best coowner.
thank you :
sschat Shannon from KY, work at Ed.
Coop and love the chat, I take ideas back and share and encourage our folks to utilize chats  Twitter.
I'm doing a day of shame instead of walk of shame and just wearing the same outfit all day
How are you gonna say somethinglike that ?
It ain't even our fault they lost?
your taking it out like that , seems like if it's my fault.
The Jets remind me of the Ravens circa 2005.
Super Bowl caliber team with no QB.
Sanchez looked horrible tonight
no doubt!
does nothing but blame, nothing but sermonize

I'll be hitting up Toronado this week for CBC12, as well.
Cheers!
I'm at the combination Pizza House and Taco Bell.
It's not about the numbers!
Read, enjoy.
That's it!
:
Stupid Twitter.
Somehow I lost you from my following list.
:
damn ...
changing games immediately
: My phone always wins at hide and seek.
what2chainzwouldsay dead watch ..
I kill time ..
Feds watchin I still grind ..
got mixtape PUSHED BACK ..
Lebron James HAIRLINE!
You're right : RT lol I I have a pretty good idea of who's in charge of this account ;
Well if you guys are having another beer, then I guess I'll have one too.
thanks man!
Appreciate that 100
people who say thats not what your mom/dad said last night are lame af.
WHY WERE YOU FUCKING MY MOM/DAD LAST NIGHT?!
smfh.
been working film and TV the past few months, doing ok.
BUZZKILL
Thanks for all your twitter love.
xoxo
A person should never be appointed to a managerial position if his vision focuses on people's weaknesses rather than on their strengths.
And no, we don't know where it will lead.
We just know there's something much bigger than any of us here.
Steve Jobs
Work brings me to l'Auberge Resort in Lake Charles.
So I bring my wife and have a nice evening planned.
Popcorn Principle: shut down a poll in webinars when the entries begin to slow down.
It mixes law enforcement  politics leading to unenforceable policies that cost more than they're worth.
A cost billed to citizens.
you know it sexy
wishes that DC would die, pls don't kill MARC until u have stg better
What are you up to tonight Miss ?
Please follow me 333333
Hey you're in my neck of the woods!
Nice to know there's some Northwest folks out there :
Excited to begin recording on my upcoming CD today!
Me too!
lol:
Doing all my holiday shopping on CyberMonday, while saving on lunch with ideal from
Flash needs to die in a fire.
People still ask me to build flash sites for them because they're so eye catching.
The answer is no.
Late dinner  Bollini's in Monterey Park.
Super thin crust pizza  amazing pasta, Eastside is picking up speed in the food dept.
good morning.
No.
I did the dishes and laundoctor this morning though.
IRB application was approved with exempt status.
First step of many for my summer pilot study.
Amen!
RT : Just so you know, ONE lie can ruin a thousand truths.
Not today...LOL.
Enjoy your Tuesday!!
in class, hatin the reading and the bullshyt of law school, 3 years and it will payoff!
Don't know, just have a great fondness for them.
I saw Lady gaga perform thirty years ago, she went by the name Elton John!
1st time at circle pool w !!
Dewey's bankruptcy heavyweight Martin Bienenstock says firm memo was only meant for some partners, according to my story online.
I've reached the point in life where I have a Spinal Tap moment and get depressed.
Have you?
Our targets: CPA, family/divorce atty, personal asst., photography, promo products, bankruptcy atty, caterer, pro organizer, carpet cleaner
Bout to go in!
Lol
Thank you for the summary!
We think it's a great example of how to build relevant bridges between a brand and its users...
You continue to have the most adorable kids ever.
Hope they have a wonderful Purim!
A woman is a mystery.
whew I was thinking it too!
at this point it's simply not worth it.
Slows user experience and normal copy/CSS elements are already handled.
I'm good at doing everything except what I actually need to do.
Haha thanks you should follow me, More music to come by the way:
no way!!
You live 45 mins from me!!!
Cool
2 months and counting til the season opener at lucas oil raceway!
Can't wait!
Now on the move again.
I love how every character on Spongebob has their own twitter account...
..
woman on millionaire: i've never even heard of the 'communist manifesto'
5:30am is too early for me,!!!
When will The People Speak be on TV
paper is done!
now only to study for the hardest italian exam and write a ton of tweets.
blahh.
I agree.
Please Checkout pureobliteration.com and post your views.
fuck , they need to carry
If Pres.
Obama really wants to restrict religious freedom, I could do with postponing Easter a few weeks.
I don't trust a women that changes the color of her hair often.
Who you hiding from?
Fight the good fight, Micah!
I have every confidence it's a case you will make compellingly, persistently, and well.
En route to California for USITT!
HR hit 181 and Harder to Breathe came on the radio.
It's like it knows me :
i heard you was in miami
Tues, I'll be at the CelebrateSTF Summer Tweetup supporting  girlseducation.
Excited to try out the yummy food!
You're welcome!
It's a youthled effort w/global consequences.
sometimes Elvis is in our dance party rotation  mother son dancing
Cold pizza and chocolate milk...
Sometimes you don't see the hundoctords of people who accept you for who you are.
All you notice is the one person who doesn't ...
may the good Lord keep me safe this morning, snow and black ice
Did you work with Mike Farah?
ok now i know you are an elvis artest you are maybe on my fb list i have many elvis artests
At home for now.
With that full moon tonight, I WILL BE OUT and about.
It's a Mark Summers quote, right?
Getting ready for SMCSea tonight!
See you there?
I dont understand
SocialMediaTip Be honest to everyone
I like how he weighs out the idea of doctorving the firetruck hm, fire truck you say?
hm i guess this is acceptable.
dollhouse finale, a lot of good, a little bit of shaky, mostly wraps things neatly.
In addition to all the things Reagan did NOT have to deal with to reduce unemployment, he also had a still strong mfg base in the U.S.
it's here, but it's march 31st.
it's for team, i volunteer with them.
Lost my Poker Tournament of Champions last night due to the worst stomach pain ever I had to really just quit the game, just sucks.
I may be an atypical iPhone user, but I rarely want 'hell' corrected to 'he'll.' I curse more often than I use ugly abbreviations.
It's 5.99 sale time at Great Clips.
yeah hopefully I won't have to go
thats cause you wont stop
Who was it who said, Blessed is the man who has found his work?
Whoever it was he had the right idea in his mind
When we make eye contact and i look into those beautful eyes and i see you smile, i know that there has to be something there
Absolutely love what is doing for music.
inspiring from an artist perspective AND a software design perspective.
Yea thats me.
The sharper you are at noticing other people's failings, the more apt you will be to overlook your own.
St.
Ignatius Loyola
Omg ladies are fight over a freakin,panty at V.S.
Lmfao too funny
we were at Scrapplefest in Philly.
I liked Leidy's, Habersette is a PA favorite, people like Rapa as well  all in stores.
I was happy to see that you were performing in Boston.
Disheartened when I saw there were no more good tickets available.
Enjoy debating TeamIvy and TeamKaren with
How does one find studying rocks entertaining?
Please explain
with the best self intro ever: I am a material culturist and I work with the stuff of everyday life.
Definitely cookout.
The word picnic has such an ugly origin.
so the real reason you've been quiet comes out.
j/k
Not hitting the beach for break?
Check out Alamar, with its beautiful beach scenery the 2nd best thing to being there!
Koh describing types of transnational conflicts of laws: what happens when 2 countries seek to regulate same conduct
Welcome to Austin!
it's ok the key acquisition of will make up for it.
A nonideological based article?
No.
Economics not about equality or inequality or maldistriubtion of income.
UR a fraud.

aha thank yu
Sometimes while doctorving I confuse my gas gauge with my phone battery level.
Not sure which is more important.
Next weeks EMT!!
A reality show?
And u need to change ur twitter name.
None of ur names are Natalie.
U don't even have a middle name.
We're looking for a salesperson for the Ad Network.
DM me if you're interested or have a lead, and please RT.
Thanks.
I am entering to win an iPhone Backup Batteries from casebargain.com via
My buddy gave up doctornking,he hasnt told anyone bc he loves getting away w sleeping w fat chicks...
Really surprised by this years oscar nominations for best picture :/
The Water Fountain baby!
Thanks for the tipon Aix Weather.
I'll check it out.
ENJOY MY PAGE with alot of great tips on it for eating healthier while enjoying life.
RIPmisterBieber : 333 U WILL ALWAYS BE IN OUR HEART 33
I feel bad I lied to Terry, I can't believe the guys called me that and I'm mad my perfect day turned into this
But if you look at the new school of Porter, Scott, Spalding and Glasper, they really are outliers
Just poped these sea sick meds...tell me why all i can think about is Samuel L Jackson off Deep Blue Sea!...lol..L's Up!
I was on the courts yesterday  I was playing w/ sum guy who looks just like u.
FYI, you have a twin here in Miami.
Go Pack Go
welcome to twitter
Can it be the weekend already!!!?
Got mine sorry you didn't get yours
's birthday gift would come the day after I see her.
Off to the post office!
Totally agree, except screenwriter RT : First thoughts on politicogc: everyone is so much taller than they appear on TV.
The power of Happy Hour 4pm 7pm.
Vodkas infused, Gypsy performances and you with us makes for a great time!
Microsoft products aren't about providing quality and usability.
They're about generating professort, and pleasing shareholders.
I'm almost to ratio, which validates something shitty in me.
Cuz i've been thinking bout forever 
Bittersweet result for you today?
Forza America haha!
This can't be life sore and tired as fuck don't want to do shit today because this booty job be working the shit outta me
We have some great new plates on our menu!
One yummy plate; is our Duck Confit with Medjool Dates and Gorganzola!
Getting boo'd in out own house, man I hate Chicago games, they're like away games!
Successful businesses continually reinvent themselves.
Computers to music to phones: Apple is excellent example.
Now look at ur business.
hey there..turns out i am following you already..i dont use twitter much.
good to see you again.
hope acting is progressing
I feel so dumb always getting my hopes up for something that never happens
Read Pieces of Me Book 2 see it on Amazon.com and at www.lewhagood.com YOU'LL LOVE IT!!
Bell argues essentially, yes it is.
Gets us back to Douglasspower concedes nothing without struggle
Men's Ice Hockey: Merrimack 2, Maine 1 Men's Ice Hockey doctorps SeasonOpener Against Merrimack
Enjoying the morning coffee...trying to anyway
just ate two kiwis and now my tongue stings...
.
Good looking out, LT.
The NCAA Tournament has been filled with a lot of tight mlax games the last couple of years.
and I are FUCKING AWESOME.
Our Zuzi Dance Workshop is happening today from 3:004:00!
Learn about yoga, hip hop, creative movement, dance improv and more!
On my way to gradventure with 3
Super Bowl?
More like super lame.
Thanks to for the great suggestions for my audition today!
It's great to have you as a coach!
Omfg ..
I hate being in the darn hospitals !
Their boring D;
Morning Rockstars!
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
Theodore Roosevelt
DIY puts designer style within reach  Fort Worth Star Telegram
Nice to see Real Sociedad fans giving Vela some love 3
Get Kenny the fuck outta here.
Just let em dunk!
for fuck's sake.
RT : NBC News: All clear World Financial Center.
Officials have determined suspicious pkg is novelty grenade
likewise love bug!
we shall being seeing you and your hot dance moves again this weekend xox get readddyyy
I do stupid things sometimes
I believe s beard could have single handedly won that competition.
Judging by his physique, I'd guess Popeye's a pretty accomplished masturbator
here's a little story I got to tell about three bad brothers you know so well...Seems like yesterday..
Happy Valentines Day to all of our friends!
Ooh And He's Going To KI Wth Me Friday  :
I think it's only fair to throw monopoly money at strippers with fake tits
YES.
Tear down this system and build a better one from scratch!
Taking care of kids after they come back from vacation is a nightmare
A path with no footsteps can only be entered by trend setters.
My tweets help me remember my writing thoughts.
They don't always have life meaning behind them.
Just sayin
My life is more difficult than earlier...
Xoxo ;
help yourself ;
My 60 year old boss just out partied me
lol ritee I be keepin the good songs on reply sometimes
What's with the recent flood of burger joints in San Diego?
I default to what I know: veggie  short rib.
M.
no it wont, it will look triumhphant and er ...
proud!!
...
no majestic, yes majestic ..
that the winner!
going back to that great resto and me treating next time.
xo
When i die...Prepare all of you to be haunted,.....
very badly....LOL I HATE YOU AL
amisterading Scarlett Thomas's Our Tragic Universe about an underpaid genre writer struggling to write a proper literary novel.
I'm desperately trying to figure out why kamikaze pilots wore helmets.
not sure if I will make it to work.
I keep sweating through all my clothes.
HOLY MOTHER OF PANCAKES!!!!!!
3 I NEED SaySomething ON MY IPOD!
NOW!
.
solves all my diction troubles.
Today, outsize vs.
outsized.
Thanks Janice!
Let's be friends on battle net 3
and a big red nose
Week 2 of insanity done!
Amped for week 3 already seeing results and feeling great!
Way to take a step backward North Carolina
smodcast, action cast, podcrash, ign assemble, the mighty marvel podcast, the comic book podcast, Gotham knights online :
ok c doctorw
Evaluating a green tea called Sparrow's Tongue.
Does anyone have experience with this type of tea?
Wow..
Fire at Grand Central Terminal.
Trains will not go there.
Last stop as said by the conductor..
Mt.
Vernon.
Anchorman II and peyton manning at quarterback what a great life!
Cars Memory Game
Fahhhhhhkkkkk Im doctornk!!!!!!!
I'm not addicted to twitter.
I only tweet when I have time: lunch time, break time, off time, this time, that time, any time, all the time
I have to assume that; not having rules to follow, makes running an MLS team a breeze.
needs to answer his phone!!
that used to be my area code!
Raymond, can anyone show up to see the Ruma preso?

Haha!
Damn my random moments.
St.
Patrick's Day Pub Crawl!
Call now to reserve a 20 seat for safe transporation between OKC's favorite places to celebrate!
447.2446
chsocm ...but our logo has a pic of our building....
Farfan: now we have ownership over how we want to portray ourselves and show the complexities in our lives
lmao you wouldnt hurt your BABY cousin
I feel like I'm missing something.
Unfortunately, most music today has the equiv of a levels adjustment w/ the shadows and hilights sliders shoved to the center
twitter acting up ill follow u when I can
Only place I could stand to live in Texas.
: folow me plz Alright, I'm following you now!
:
Party time !
Darren named the team mang
Don't you hate it when ignorant people try to involve you in their tomfuckery?
Tsk tsk bitches
you should check with a pharmacist and make sure there aren't any unexpected side effects with that combo
Your a lucky man Remyy!
You weren't stuntin because it was about you
Celebrating NYE with my wife and new daughter Sydney Madelyn!
Happy New Year!
Homework is overrated.
Good morning koaladancebots!
I'm so upset!
Uhh I miss talking to y'all :
Ha!
Not up to me unfortunately.
A decision far above my pay grade.
CA State Supt.
of Public Instruction Tom Torlakson to give keynote at schoolbased health centers conference in Sacramento on March 13.
Just saw the guy in the car next to me pick his nose...
Mylifeiscomplete :
I'm at the C21GC Social tweetup at Le Booze Bar in
Want to announce your museum's upcoming events  post pics from past events?
Tweet to MuseumEvents!
Home; sick
good luck in AZ!
Try not to bug each other too much with race prep.
I'll be rooting for yas.
hope you are having a good night!
;
When people ask me what position I play in softball, I never know what to say because I switched so much this year.
missit 
Leftover moussaka for lunch today.
No Greek crisis here.
dude, you sent me the same message on fb like five times lol are you getting my replies?
Rum / Vodka
swag lol but i think it's too long
I love athlete boys ?
Oh you didn't know?!?
When was the last time you watched the news??
:D Shame shame...
RT : Education in Louisiana can't be an all or nothing compromise when it comes to our kids.
I should have got them early when i had the chance
learn to do it for the Thrill 
Charlene looks like a huge globule of pollen.
Surprisingly, as other holiday travelers get increasingly cranky, I find myself increasingly zen.
Let's hope this lasts through LAX.
You're guilty of what u just retweeted!
for everyone one person you have that hates your site there are 10 that love it and share with their friends!
How am I expected to handle school on a day like this?
Are you coming to Minneapolis for AASL?
Now time for the season finale of Criminal Minds
So sexy;
what you tryna sell?
Hey oldd bitch in 16, get off the fucking road
Wow at the airport so early security isn't even open yet...fml I can't wait to sleep
Great!
: How's yours?
Bank of America to cut from elite ranks
Thanks for the mention on your FF
because san diego is the best!
At the gym, the Tv displays on the new precor machines are too big.
They obstruct my view when people watching :
ha no he not !
I'll be at your door.
debit card and ID in hand :
Grab your camera, go out, and shoot!
Attended my first event yesterday: a Marketing Roundtable.
Great group of people sharing ideas and brainstorming solutions.
Cool.
bout 2 go play bball i will be back twitnation!
LATER!
I'll accept that.
Left is Right  Political meeting ends in fist fight  The Keene Sentinel
Weekend starts now
following back
Looking for a fresh makeup look for spring?
Make an appt.
with Laura Mercier makeup artist Patrick Johnson at Blush Beauty March 2224!
agreed...that's my forecast as well.
Who ever thought it would be so complicated to plan for march madness?
It was so much easier in collegejust buy a keg and order
Finally: the war in Iraq will come to an end by the end of the year.
Very happy for our troops and their worried families.
Watchin' Law  Order
happy first day!
What will you be doing?
nw Xmen first class.
:D
Rep.
Mason: There is an opportunity here to consider some of the priorities in front of us.
Barnes and Nobles said they had Wild Blueberries and Cream Cheesecake, but their signage lies!!!!!!!!!!
you're missing the I and u lol :
mats, who wouldn't waive NTC for greater benefit of the team?
However Alf did fire that puck at niedermayer...
I'm on vacation in LA and him and Brent were at the bar I was at last night and I was talking to cam for a while but he ran
Thank so much for coming out today's tour!
DM Hi.
I've been developing a business HP would likely have a strong acquisition interest in.
Please DM a contact if we should talk.
haha oh bummer!
Anytime :
GOP: Jobless rate doctorpped because many have given up looking for work.
Question: Will those people vote, and which way are they leaning?
Dats sad..
should of been did dat
Looking for any data, seeing none.
RT I've seen no evidence they are effective.
Nope, downloads fine.
Just never processes my checkin, or any other input.
I know you're not tech support, though.
:
and private business and individuals really OWN the taxable assets.
In that sense, I'm a shareholder already.
Can you see the fire from your office?
I am stuck in a windowless room.
Beach with Lizzie!!
3
Maybe If Houston hadn't been battling against themselves for the fumble psu wouldn't have scored...
Night before or morning of?
Any cool ideas for packaging bath bombs?
Mixed feelings about LOST tonight.
I want to find out all the answers, but I don't want it to end!
It's a beautiful evening in DC.
Can't wait to see and !!!
I cannot believe it's March and we just enjoyed an outdoor party wearing shorts.
Thanks and thank you Atlanta!
lol trust me i already know my brotha, i'm the only one up right now though
he's a very affectionate doctornk and he loves us.
he told us a million times last night between the bagillion hugs we got haha
hey edgar.
It is amazing how much less irritating the world is on a full 8 hours of sleep.
obama great press conference!
i sound like a 5 year old
what inspired you to do YouTube videos?
:
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Hum I wonder what happens to you if you take a shower and you have blisters on both hands?
!
Who let the Bobcats wear the Lakers jerseys and come out here tonight?
If its free it's me.
At work for the next 4 days...
yum I'll be expecting a piece tomorrow
if kelly doesnt hurry the fuck up I will kill her
god is love
darn tootin'!
I only satisfy my olfactories with a tall glass of sasparilla.
YEE HAW!
Punkass bitch.
Yeah but Paul Martin can only take so much, and his trade value is low as it is...
I'll be a team player when I get paid like a pro athlete.
Peter Falk, RIP, we know he will be asking 'one more thing' at the pearly gates.
He was one of my favs....
and then I doctorpped the most important note in my pocket into toilet, preflush
It damn sure does...
Nothing to feel terrible about...
I can almost hear Monday whispering, Go fuck yourself.
Im tired and i almost tore my groin
RT : Coaching 101: Always do the right thing.
I ate the snow
I love that place!
SLU is turning into such a cool area.
Lucky for you that you are so close to it.
when I see you play in Chicago, I gotta learn that pick tossing trick!
Sad.
They are gonna make me wait until.....
December 2nd I think to watch Supernatural.
Great.
:
Step out in faith and claim your destiny today.
Are you ready for Lynyrd Skynyrd?
Our 2012 Season kicks off this Saturday!
We would love for you to join us for an incredible evening!
Getting ready to watch the Oscarnominated liveaction and animated short films.
Can't wait!
You are seeing pain as a result God causes.
It is us hitting ourselves.
Why are you hitting yourself in the face style...
So glad you like it : I saw it and knew you had to have it!
screamin HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my lil bro ..
finally 16 lol love you dude :
Is it just me,but you can tell a person is old by their name.
Are there any young Agnes,Alberta,Martha,Eunice,Annie Mae,Olga,or Bertha lol
Good Morning winter wonderland!
Get the kids out of the house and get cupcakes and hot chocolate
Good morning everyone!
Or maybe it's afternoon where you're reading this...or night..whatever have a good morning/afternoon/night!
:D izzy
doesnt make me any stronger Maybe more patient lol I love and Im willin to wait Then I get him forever
So baby look to yesterday and maybe youll doctornk those tears away
FACT: GAO: procedures used by DOE loan guarantee prog may equal or exceed those used by priv lenders to assess  mitigate project risk.
My New Mixtape Called Deeper Than A Mixtape Is Coming Soon!!!!!
Classic
what did you think about the frays national anthem remix???
TESTIMONY: Tanya Chanel Taylor says: And lot of ya'll probably ignore most of my post cus you're thinking here goes another post about...
RT : My advice to interns is interview staff about their jobs, if possible; learn what they do  skills they have.
He who laughs last didnt get it.
Young forever by :D
RT : IMF  World Bank are weapons of war.....
John Pilger youtube.com/watch?vWYCH1Y via
That would probaly be the best, however we can try to troubleshoot over the phone so you don't have to wait
I stubbornly insist on both writing poems and participating in political action.
Enerchia tip of the day: Mix chia with Worcestershire or bbq sauce and brush over meats before grilling.
what song?!
So true Finley really getting on my nerves
Max can go and fuck himself, don't even care anymore.
YOU'RE FOULED...PENALTY BOX 20 buckets of Miller Lite  Amstel Light...
4 shots!!!!...B4  After the game..LOOK FOR BLUE LIGHT!
RT HAS ANYONE TRIED GOOGLE PLUS INSTEAD OF FACEBOOK I THINK ITS NICE
Been saying this about POTUS for years
Yes I'm glad is back girl u beautiful chica...with size  brains/ beauty u are a force to reckon with
President Obama speaking at UMD on Friday
You cant be ugly and play hard to get.
It just doesnt work that way.
You're already hard to want.
Peter Griffin
Aahz Party and Playfulswingers.com now sponsoring SwingFest's Naughty Lingerie Party!
they will have to first get Papa Archie's approval
I just met you, this is crazzzzyyy

Do you have a link to something that can give me more info about why you think Bank Transfer Day is wrong?
In Music Meeting Anberlin Impossible it's an ok pop song, we listened blind so not to prejudge and still came back pretty bland
Enter to win a FREEPIZZA!
Just text FacebookPJ to 90210.
Normal msg rates apply.
Is the US release date for Fear Institute still scheduled for December?
The Berquam antiMifflin video is no longer available on YouTube
The Avengers comes out today if I don't see it I'll cry.
The only thing I'll stop work for on a Sunday is The Borgias.
In Sydney!
It's one of the most beautiful places I've been :
Just got in from the club, I am so tired lol goodnight twitter
Im just a DM Away ; 3
My 1st MetroEdge event Had a great time at MetroEdge Even saw there.
Great people.
Great event
just listen for the Meeeeah I'm the only one that makes that noise in the street
Great job today...Skip can dish it but SURE can't take it!
Having a poor customer support experience with Universal Remote
Some SD Restaurant Week first course lunch highlights!: Curried Pumpkin Red Crab Soup, Vegetarian Spring Rolls w/ Kaffir Lime Plum Sauce.
You're from Texas...
You can't say pop ashamed RT : True life: i'm addicted to McDonald's diet pop
I still take a mini vacation there every morning when I turn on my computerbackground image
If bitches out again put it in his pants!!!
PBS American Masters tonight is about Johnny Carson and hosted by !
Best of luck with your talk and panel.
Finally a reason to stay up late!
RT: I will be on the show tonight!
You went to the show?
:o
Thanks for all the love You guys along with some many others is what makes Htown a great place to be!
So best guess is anchor text.
It's the most manipulated signal in the SEO world, so it makes sense.
....at work im beat, gloomy weather has me tired, thnx goodness to coffee cooladas.....
Wondering...
which DC Council candidate is most like Donald Trump?
Saw a breaking news tweet that Whitney Houston had coke in her room when she died.
Breaking news?!
Coulda told you that 3 years ago.
Great article!
We want them to be succesfull but at the same time, we want them to be our little secret
WHY DO YOU WEAR THAT RUG???
HiPSTER PiZZA
God loves me even when I don't forward those chain letters.
Posted about '39 Clues!' Hope that that material isn't too young.
LOL!
that was from instagram ?
listening to jennifer talk about morae
Paradise Misplaced
That's why I don't eat lobster or anything like that, because they're alive when you kill it.
Snooki
how much was your ticket today ?
ops lol
I cant stand commercials, theres more of them than the damn tv show!!!
nikkaz is settin up for the shizznitt tonight it goes down night three of our fuen premiere swagg the fu out
A.J.: You did have hair when you went in there, right?
Deb: It's still in the sink if you wanna glue it.
Interest Rates Have doctorpped!
Now is the time to refinance your home mortgage, take advantage of this rate doctorp.
www.newbridgehomeloans.com
I may not be on top of the world...but I always make sure that I'm always hi enuf to look down!!
Barrera: A lot of people say to us, Just make all the cuts!
Well that's a hell of a thing to do to kids.
I think imma call my bro bcuz he understands
Everyone is super impressed that you know all the words to We Didn't Start the Fire.
Up now, Bullock.
i'm going to bite you.
YOU know you need a Different Lawyer when ....
When the prosecutors see who your lawyer is, they highfive each other.
We are giving the Play Area a fresh coat of paint tomorrow morning and it will be closed until 3:00 p.m.
thank you!
: A great doctoram must go through the cycle of self doubt which leads you to complete dependency upon God.
RT : Im not impressed until the Chevy Sonic is a contestant on Wipeout and can make it over all 4 big red balls.
Slept all day and I finally feel a little better!
We upload a copy of every transcript to our online repository  avail 24/7
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Larry Elder www.IamINC.biz
...
I CAN GET HIGHER THAN A SPACESHIP....
haha they're good enough ; text me bro
Sometimes there's just nothing new to Tweet about...
sigh
Great effort tonight.
RT Tight finish !
I loved beating the Italians.
Thank you Dear John for making me cry
hm ...
21 Jump Street , Friday ?
:D
Wishing we were there
You're on a ROLL today!!
Skeet skeet skeet
TY for the RT.
Have a great week ahead.
Kids are the future.
Help make your future great with good guidance .
Thanks .
Let me get some feedback
Glad you are doctorwing attention to the transformative work of John Hunter.
Looking forward to hearing him at
The crazy part is, I think was changing 's diaper when he sent that tweet:
Im still in L.A.
i love home but i need to get back to houston were the money is!
Well you're fabulous and I love you then haha
elaborate, if you don't mind.
You can dm me too
22 one more thing i just wanted to tell you that every year at my school we all get unicef boxes and we donate!
and get 1,000
I hate getting my eyebrows done.
Today was a pretty good Friday :
Going to see the biggest inspiration to me in my life in concert  OVOXO
Awesome!
I just saved 51 at Seventh Heaven Massage Studio through LivingSocial!
Catalina Wine Mixer.
Rochester Stop in the shelter today and meet our friends available for adoption.
Help give them a loving home for the holidays.
not yet, but it is probably closer than Melby.
Have you ever really seen shit roll downhill?
And if you have, wtf were you doing?!
This snow in October is unbelievable!!!!
You guys look so beautiful!
So jealous you've already seen it!
HungerGames xoxo
They are probably the heaviest of them that are still melodic anyway.
Very awesome!
:
While this may not be the soaker initially forecast, it still will provide some much needed rain to the state.
RT Inspiring othersInspires me
A strong core builds strong pelvic muscles, which can positively effect the quality of your orgasms
just made the net erupt w/ the  BM tellall interview.
Does anyone know how the 16 SSA differs from the 27 version?
Is all the same information included?
Can't find a sample image online.
Is that warm sun I see out on the Cowpattio?
Yes it is!
Git on down here for a 7.95 Burger and Bud!
Giddy Up!
Off today so I'm up
pretty cool shot
My phone was just randomly playing a violin song or something o.O
doctornking all the beer in Portland ...
so
What is the Shotover Jet?
Now it's off to Austin with the family.
A travelfilled weekend.
3 hours in the car means homework.
IWantToHave a pet midget and feed him grapes and gerbil feet
Put my back into spasm trying to rearrange the dining room furniture.
you look like you would be an excellent cork soaker
me and adam really do!
Should I be worried that my kid's preschool misspelled Cheerios and necklace in the same sentence on his daily report?
I love GSD I used to have one :
I wish I could attend this!
It is the same time as the first week of classes at Indiana University, Bloomington though.
thanks for sharing :
where do u find ur scores?

hey buddy, you need to follow me so I can DM you
the professorssor isn't a Razorback fan I take it?
Lol
I like the Brazillian TUF.
The attitude seems good and healthy

Yo, looks like him...maybe he would add it to his collection.
He's got 1 Chinese in him.
ha..
maybe a doctoram a Little doctoram marathon just played ;
Final destination: Mayo Clinic.
going to washington dc tomorrow 3333...no school
griffin says you're a fag, but he loves you3
asusual i have fallen in love again........
hopfefully it's real love this time........
Casting Not Eclipse double rainbow spoof sunday the 11th looking for, Bella, Jane, Allice Cullen, Rosalie, Jasper, Victoria,
Please follow me; 20
I woke up with butterflies in my stomach...how the hell does that happen?
Blessed is he who speaks a kindness; thrice blessed is he who repeats it.
Arabian proverb
Looking forward to the weekend already.
A lot of work to be done before then.
Baby, next time you're gonna try to find a way to make me jealous, pick a girl that doesn't look like she's been hit by a car.
I need a gf in this state damm..
We think so, too!
RT : Mexican food is the best in TEXAS!!!
follow it by their 120.
You'll feel better about it.
So hungry.
:P FOOD!!!
regardless of how good people in los angeles think they are doctorving, they are horrible....
Fight or Flight  Performance Hall of National Museum of Women in the Arts at 6:00 p.m.
on Tuesday, November 15, 2011.
I am the sunset in your day
I laughed when I saw the Mercedes AmEx.
You get 5x points when you buy a Mercedes with it!
My neighbors must have it.
Whitney houston dead at age 48.
RIP
Friday and my easy classes ?
Yuhh.
Afterschool basketball, then spitting with Tomas
They forced it with this iPad mini and the iPhone 5 .
Shelia Jackson is absent from the meeting tonight
HAPPY HALF BIRTHDAY LOVE 3 RT : Kinda bummed out no one remembered my HalfBirthday today.
Jersey Shore 2 starts tomorrow!
Hard to believe it's about to air.
Miami seems like yesterday.
Mets tie it!
Parents have no idea what their kids are doing everyday.
Do u agree?
Casual Friday.
Are pants optional?
Youve Got to Mostly Hide Your Love Away
Never let some1 be a must in your life when you're just an option in there's but i still say i must have you!!
/3
On The Edge is my new favorite song, ever!
:
Nice to know that I am so highly regarded in your eyes.
Fortune favors the bold.
Around 6am with good tunes, friends, and booze, one persons name always comes up in conversation Just ask
Want brighter skin???
Come in for a Spa Facial and experience our new Brightening Polish from Glo...
you'll be absolutely GLOWING!
Who's going to this year?
We're excited to announce that we'll be there offering LOVEPOPS in the VIP section!!!!
New Berlin police confirm three dead and three injured in Sunday crash.
The latest on this story LIVE AT 5:00 Todd Hicks TMJ4
sounds good!!
everything I've been through in the past has made me what I am tody
isn't the app developer.
are who I think you want.
: Scorpio Career Paths: Surgeon, courtroom lawyer, executive secretary, detective, psychiatrist wanted to be a lawyer
We are having California weather today!
gleaned, and when she also took out and gave her what she had left over after eating her fill, 19her motherinlaw asked her, Torah 47/99
But the machines are so pretty so and so are all the people who use them!
MT Silence on Apple's taxavoiding, professortsoaring...
Yes of course.!
I thank You for letting me know about that.!
Come on over, buddy!!
Michael Taussig: Gusinde says they were offered the same price for a pair of Indian ears as the going rate for a pumaone pound sterling.
hey just saw your tweet!
yes, lots of juices for about a week..it made a big difference!
but I gotta keep it up..that's hard part
love this shot of your delicious cupcake!
cc:
Try Mumbles on High St.
Great soup!
RT :  I are reenacting mortal kombat moves.
We've GOT to get out of the house
how are you?
Today my daughter wanted to pray for mommy's office!
I hope mommy had a wonderful day at the office!
: Great to connect!
I catch u sometimes on air  remember your coverage of the DC hurricane last year...you're a funny guy!
I have a disease.
And people are the problem.
Actually considering skiing into work tomorrow
Agreed!
I'm so glad I never listened to the streams.
So worth it.
copy and paste
Check these dudes resumes
Also, no Phil and Arenas' need for the ball in his hands will hurt his effectiveness.
Bench depth at best...
I wish I was famous cause i don't want go to school :/.
: sthu bout food u makn me hungry
; I definitely do not remember this.
Haha, but I could have wrote this.
yep.
Read it.
Thing is that the city can choose a PLA if state or federal funds are at risk.
No?
Landoctor: Florida will look first to former Meyer guys Dan Mullen and Kyle Wittingham
I'm wearing my LIKES BOYS shirt with a red plaid button down shirt.
I'd say my Kurt costume for Halloween is all set.
Lol
It's so cold out
Hey guys were just letting you know that we love ALL of you guys that have been patiently waiting for us to release this EP!
THANK YOU33
Cuz if they were im gonna be pissed i LIVE in miami .
Some people are always grumblin because roses have thorns
for sure!
send them over!
aw that's awesome!!:D
How could anyone who knows anything about Newt Gingrich be eager for Newt.
The man is a bafoon.
just realized all my past girls ive been involved with within the last 2 years were hispanic or mixed with hispanic
congratulations on the new addition!
:
Yankees fans, what would your 'entrance' music be before an atbat?
Check out 's music on 'Tuesday Thoughts' www.Chasing800.com
If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it.
Join us, locals,  Caramel Carmela from Denver, CO on Wednesday June 2  The Hideaway Lounge.
1012 N Raynor, 7:00, 7!
Tell your friends!
Ramp Camp.
Friday.
My backyard.
15 kids, movies, tents, junk food, manic panic, bonfire,  an all nighter.
I apologize to all my neighbors!
It was me.
No one uses my phone but me.
I have only one google account and one facebook account.
I tried both.
a guilty pleasure of mine, too  cc: RT : don't hate me, but i really like A Fine Frenzy.
This day 2 years ago, I joined twitter!
It was a lifechanging decision.
I'm serious!
Love y'all!
3 My first follower was
Follow  Organizer of all things digital.
We're lucky to have him as an active member of the ROC tech scene.
Hi, an important email I sent bounced back.
Please let me know how to get a message to you..
it's my spring break so i haven't been at my apartment!
i'm here now though so i'll check this morning on my way out :
great meeting you guys picked up the game as I'd you have played for 20 yrs
Travel postcards from readers: A yearly bonus along this coastline is the annual arrival of the elephant seals at Piedoctors Blancas Bea...
Stanford is so cutting edge.
I loved his latest short story in Miss Lora, I think it was called.
FLOP CITY, BABY!!!!
Listening to some great music at TheBasement :
lol , I can't see whatever you put :p
Hope you're wearing cute underwear.
Off to the gym!
Love to carb load prerace?
We do too!
Join us at the Hilton Milwaukee City Center on Friday, June 22 from 5:00  7:30 pm for the Pasta...
is my bestie not cause I hate her....
LOVED hearing you talk about acupuncture on tiaandtamera!!
Natural medicine is amazing!
xoxo
I wouldn't leave home without a!
Try describing the inside of a parking garage though: I'm in the slopey part
got me hooked on turnpike troubadours.
Good stuff
Awh Lebron's momma is so cute!
My HP mug is magic.
Before I pour coffee in, it says I solemnly swear that I'm up to no good and after it says mischief managed
NFLdoctorft is so predictable this year
I am on my 9th consecutive listen of Dn Provtchka ...time for a break.
But I'll probably return later.
May my apps work faster?
hey and I currently living in LA and Las Vegas.
But I spend most of time in LA depending on work.
Any of your staffers Gluten Free?
We have a favor to ask
if u and rick ross had a baby would u need a bulldozer to pick it up
don't feel bad for them.
They find hot, blind girl friends.
Great to see my friend on Twitter.
Chantel is the mom of a talented young man who has authored a darling book.
Umm is right.
That is so not natural.
Just remembered there's school tomorrow.
The weekends go by way to fast.
If you have any questions of about the South Dade Father's Day Celebration, email us at
LOVE it!
That MUST have been it!
When this EP is done, it will get in the hands of Dave Grohl.
We won't sleep.
Please Heckle a dog sometime please
everybody follow dudes a beast!!!
Adversities introduced men and women to themselves.
Stipeche's comments receive hugh applause at HISD board meeting.
Trustee Rodoctorguez remains impassive.
Mad River, Duffys, John Barleycorn, and McGees...
ITS GOIN DOWN TONIGHT CHICAGO!!!!!
Congrats man!
RT : It's official.
I'm a secondtime dad!
I'm going on the 22nd!!
Can't wait :
Very nice to find you as well.
Love the shots of Camelback on ur professorle.
Hiked there many times!
HEY MARK!
LOOK AT THIS GUY ON THE MOUND!!
LET'S GIVE HIM 42 MILLION!
Thanks!
I'll be back soon for sure!
RT : thanks for writing about our little shop...glad you liked your smoothie
alright, celtics took care of the heat.
now the sox need to finish this game.
ok so i really need to get into my creative flow must head to fabric store tomorrow!!!
Hello Happy Monday.
hopefully we will be in Canada in the years to come.
I can't believe some people thought Mayweather was NOT going to win.
Smh.
I knew he was gonna win that's why i wasn't worried.
Oh my god I'm so excited for this game.
KICK SOME TAMPA BAY ASS!
RANGERS!!
I  you CJ you can do it!
gotta love the quaintness of the LeaveItToBeaverera nostalgic folk.
So cute.
And such critical thinking skills!
god im so happy and its has nothin to do with 420, found my stolen bike
TGIF Passions by K will be posting new pictures on facebook soon!!
Stay tuned!!
This intrigues the heck out of me.
Now Preki will have to find someplace else to be surly
Uhm, awesome.
It's opening day!
At home after delicious raw meal
i love you with all my heart!
3
Don't just stare say something especially if I know you
the bills haters!!!!
Fingers crossed that it's nothing major.
1 off taps and an awesome steak dinner for 10.95 tonight!
The doctorve from Portland to the 'Couve is epic?
Really?
: RT : Beginning the epic doctorve to
no.
you were sexy.
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana old banana's sake
RePEc describes documents: title, author, url.
Also describes people: who wrote what, etc.
Burque!
Duke city's coming up!
Peep this, Going to Santa today for promo to see about a possible show if u are a local artist pls FB me
a wild guess!
the WELLdoctorSSED guy in the back!

YA BOI FUTURE ON 106  PARK FUTURE
I've got my skinny pants and my fat pants NOPE they're both fat pants
Heading to Churchill downs to bet on some horses!
Happy Derby!
Glad that you liked those, have you ever gotten a hair cut there?
It's a classic oldschool NYC barbershop!
Happy B day to you and little H!
How are you decorating his room?
Love Paris, just wish my family would wake up so we could get out of the hotel room!
Pray, it will keep you stronger.
Wow Kings fans are really worn out by hearing all about Griffin and Kobe.
You can't hear them at all!
Great season last year I think your really coming into your own as a shutdown Conner
thanks :D and I know, is so cute and..
oh, did you mean me?
lol
leadpipe lock of the day: Steelers 6 vs Titans
APD bike unit enroute to cruise UNM and check out all the hot babes, now that the weather is nice.
got though recording like 15 mins of my new Let's play Black ops  then i play it back to find out that the sound didn't record, i'm pissed
BREAKING: One dead in Chardon H.S.
school shooting in NE Ohio.
I'm pooped.
Going back to work is rough.
Another Monday almost over, Tuesday is travel.
Wednesday is heaven
I knew it hahaha
love this show!
And Randy Newman had crazy lyrics lol
XD I can't wait to see what you do with it.
King 2, Churchill 1.
End 5.
Eric Perez fouls off three pitches before delivering 2out single to bring home Dominique Lane.
Miss u girl!
Hope you're unbelievable!!
Who knew!
All I had to do to get david to hush up was let him know it's all archived on google.
Blessed silence, I love you.
do you guys make fun of people who sell prepaid legal?
i do...that's SO 2001.
sending humans to Mars can help lower space access costs, if you would like to join our think tank, come to our forums at www.marsdoctorve.com
No, wait, it was button your shirt.
wrong inside joke!
22 followers in 3 hours and we have a year and a half to go..
This is going to be one hell of a party!
Thanks for the support.
Ever had a big surprise on your birthday?
Not just a party but something you didn't expect?
Who just scheduled a Skype date with ?!
my cousin and we just joined him and his friends for dinner I couldn't come along for anything after that
I hate when people tell me I look like another person....I want to be original :/
Thanks to all of our most recent followers  so many!
Friday at last, although it feels like it should have been here 3 days ago.
I would SO watch that.
Scramble with :
which is not you!
Work Hard, Play Harder ;
Maybe contacts would help!
: RT : There are only 3 elk in Arizona...and somehow all three are faster than me
Giants defense Ranked 29th not much better then GB 32nd.
You have to make sure you're at the total front of the stage and everything.
Some directioners might even camp out tonight.
Since text is now a verb, I agree that its past tense is texted.
Saying it as he text me yesterday is as bad as I seen it yesterday
Thanks so much for the shoutout.
Goodbye social life.
Hello finals!
caching.
If order is fixed much easier to put a cache in front of image server.
Also allows actual dir structure with files.
Ed Sheeran on VH1 brings me back to London
Sometimes life works in mysterious ways, count your blessings and stay humble.
Best sales training my Grandfather ever gave me!
on the digital divide and access to health info!
Good so far.
Getting some freelance gigs, hoping for 2 days a week at Trader Joe's.
CleanupOnAisle7!!!
When artists give form to revelation, their art can advance, deepen, and potentially transform the consciousness of their community  ...
you're a fool!
: oh , so your not a slut ?
then what are you ?
a volunteer prostitute ?
Chevy commercial sucks just like their cars
Tie dying shirts with the track girls!
Thatz wuz up I hate Rogers county!!!
looks like a BADASS move!
.
Can't wait 2 see u  ur show  The Music Box.
Thanx for doctorpping by w/ ur buds to announce it on !
Ok....about to watch vampirediaries finale!!!!
No body bother me for the next 45 min!!
Twitter probably got as much doctorma as facebook it's just we don't see it cause our TL stay moving.
nap time
yeah, to write, to listen, the world goes round!
Just got back from the dog park with and our German Shepherd Brody
'Everyday I'm Shufflin' with lol :
Ed Sheeran  Taylor Swift.
Long b4 a teacher is blamed leadership on all levels need to be examined.
Want edu to work 4 every will take leadership
Today is doctorgging ass lol ugh someone save me PLZ :D
lost all motivation when I had to switch libraries.
true wisco fan right there.
That's why we love you
So busy w/ work lately.
Havent had the chance to chat lately.
Miss you guys my euroduo and lovely
wow..really?.rich people think they know better eg.bernald madoff, donald trumph
doctornking coffee and skipping church.
At least I'll be awake for when I'm burning in hell...
What's up bro????
Holla when you get a chance!!
I just typed something then I thought twice about it.
and I made it through Irene with no damage or power outages.
What things are like at my place in Newark I'll find out soon.
you have the best updates  Saturday, Cedar Tree Neck Christmas tree cutting  yes!
ohh no way man, I'm a big House of Leaves fan.
Definitely someone else you're thinking of.
: crazy book.
That would be pretty awesome :
I think there is a tinier version of Jose Canseco inside of the Life size Jose Canseco and that little deviant tweets these gems
How do I contact someone at FB if I can't like anything or update my status?
No answers on the help pages.
Thx!
This justification wouldn't work in the tangible goods space.
Ferrari isn't meeting my needs for a reasonably priced car..
I am an education major from Ohio University Many, Many moons ago.How did you find me?
Wanna see a private show with Foster The People??
Check it below...
u my faveeee
i hope you CANT find a spoon for a microphone...
Tminus 24 hours exactly until tattoo time.
my leg broke, but I gotta do this.
I put the team on my back do!
You should.
I'm so excited for you to visit!
I would rather be surrounded by smart people than have a huge budget.
Smart people will get you there faster.
The McKinsey Way
Well that was just a slap in the fucking face..
I hate Tetris.
Hello dear.
How are you?
LOL happy 2 judge this quote contest as being as ur all on a roll :
Thanks to all who played the Morning Mindbender and congrats to who got the correct answer which is.....
Try our new glutenfree strawberry muffin.
It's seriously delicious!
Im not the coldest but I'm learning n I'm learning fast just wait god bout to open a few doors for me just wait
The knicks are my favorite team.
Go defense!
oh hey!
yeah im never really on twitter very much
Girl dont touch my protection because I know you want it to slip..well ok maybe this once
Goal setting is the foundation of fulfillment
Uh oh, Bosh is out!
Might be some issues for the Heat..
we just ate fuku burger
Im a fighter
thanks for sharing .
It's so imp to remember
finna cheat  Google it.
Now I need to know lol.
Officially a stylist!
Helped sonia get ready for PROM.
Hope they have fun :3 feelinlikeaproudmother lol
RT : RT : How big exactly is Twitter in 2012, this great infographic explains
I could care less how y'all feel I got the flo make a bitch do kart wheel!chiddy bang
youre in Nashoba??!?!?!?
im on call today and im at Boltons station covering for them.
text me pls!
X
If the world would be a better place without my brother that means I can kill him right.?
Our Voter Registration table is at West Senior Center dining room.
We are registering seniors every Tue  Thu during January.
Football banquet
Another lovely dinner 's.
Introverted me loves smaller gatherings that end early on work nights.
Under My Thumb.
happy mothers day.
FOURTH QUARTER LETS GO !
Hate my life..
Prediction: 1: CrazyBill will forget he hates me.
2: He will confront me.
3 He will mentally confront me; schizo on schizo.
Betting on 3..
I'll be ready when I get back in town.
UPDATE 2UBS loses bid to dismiss FHFA ...
Best Rate Mortgage
2chainz had the rawest verseRT mercy goes in but i aint diggin the hook tho
I feel so proud to be a Gleek.
In my eyes it's is the beat fan base I have ever been in 3
Making some changes.
hbo is an easy target.
They better be careful or he will end up on epix like K squared.
apps socialmedia Yerger Tech is DC's most efficient Social Media Management company.
Hit us up
Very proud to be a Sigma Chi!
Having printer problems.
Getting aggravated.
Today's BTU inspiration: Treat your friends like you do your best pictures; place them in the best light.
Unknown
Broad shows that level of dissent when he AGREES with the umpire's decision.
Awesome Asssscat show tonight at !
No wonder everyone's willing to stand in line in the rain.
kickinit could easily be a TT if everyone ended their tweets with kickinit!
Great!
Can't wait to have you back!
RT : Can't resist the chocolate croissants; but the beignets come in a...
stop pandering and trying to bring in the youth vote.
Just fix it mister President.
my photos of my babies seem to have been lost in my office move from one corner of the city to the other.
devastated.
Read someone retweet from out loud  my sister thought i was just randomly looking up facts about vagina's.
But I am learning to embrace that side of me ...
If I don't no one else will
Montana trip over.
Loved Bozeman and Missoula...
lol are you serious!
Love the subject line in an email from this morning : It's time to order Papa John's again!
Thanks for the reminder...
He was with me today; and it made my day3
Anyone checking out at tonight?
Excited to finally get to attend one of these.
My grandmother always said don't argue with a fool because someone on the outside listening might not know who's who.
did anyone get back to you?
I said it's great to be a Florida Gator....
write ne on fb
That night  that time it felt so right  honestly it still feels so right.
been following since u have been on BS favorite show u really make wednesday night special thanks
Watching the movie Coco Chanel..
Gonna get me a big bowl of tomato soup, jump into the recliner, and watch some Monday Night Football.
.
Glad I stumbled upon the convo!
it's official.
i hate doctors..
Great final night at Holiday Inn.
Thanks for the shout out, when we do another Alumni Holidae In you best be DJing.
I like that combination between creativeness and the creative process and the organization needed to make a business successful worldwide.
VEGAS lets Get this PALAZZO
I had a wonderful Easter dinner with and the family  now off to work to begin Week No.
2 at my new writing job
Which is not to say I don't love San Antonio.
But I miss jagged coasts, mountains, and hippies.
Union leaders plan next step in Unilever pension battle
whoa.
brutal.
I could be wrong, but I just don't see United wanting to get in a bidding war with City or CFC.
Moving on to some easy stories that can be done: Hearing loss, vision loss, undiagnosed brian injuries
Beautiful photos Lisa.
Wish we were there.
No not Nene!!!
We will miss you.
lets get everyone to DL ExperienceJoeRogan free from the Andoctorid Market!
RT!!!
I wonder how many people at Coachella were completely stoned out of their minds and were freaking out that Tupac was there.
The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire.
This is your moment.
Own it.
Oprah
I doctorve operational excellence in a group of companies
i'm in that thing!
ain't nothing like some nice country fried steak m.
:D
well, I gotta find somebody to buy what I'm sellin' first lol
Holy crap this was a great night to live in the Philly area!
Woah, hey guys remember Circuit City?
I use to love that store...
106 degrees in PHX...I think the rubber on my adidas is melting.
fuck this.
i broke my nail playin basketball.
How is everybody liking that Grilled Cheese Panini?
Should it stay?
Carl  come to Velocity to get in some tough workouts so you can lead the Red Bulls to an undefeated season next year!
Feliz dia de los muertos!
Thanks to everyone that came to our Halloween contest last night!
bulls fan
waaaiiiiittt...i'll send u the link one sec.
:
Gdnight twitter world Matt busted his ass it was a good night one love
PdPlus quote:October Surprise from another age.
We have an 'Oct.
Surprise' every 10 minutes.
You can't hold anything anymore.
we love working with Augusta students!
It was awesome!
RT : This house smells SO good!
I hope this pasta came out as good as it smells!
Nichols:  from cap  trade has to be used for reducing CO2 emissions.
Broad spectrum but would not reopen parks or add more teachers.
Yum!
Do report back.
And share pics too, please.
first impression COUNT!
If you don't chances are you won't get another!
aww hello NeeCee's dad!
God bless!!
follow before she commits!3
The Voice Fans Petition To Have Jesse Campbell Reinstated On Show
antenna Terk Indoor Am Antenna Advantage
meeting the building owner today TO LOOK  space/talk about moving with the deal.
Wish us luck OMG'ers!
we are so close to actual space!
Planning the perfect cinco de mayo meal with the help of !
Cool!
I have yet to reach the 50k mark the 3 years I've done it  need to meld it with my classes  research this year.
Good Morning Twitter!!!
It's kinda early and it's already HW time!!!
this ish is killing me!!!
reading and reading trying to study not going to well but a beautiful night out in Vegas on the flip side:
okay quintiles,i just did a study i'll be back on the 24th to get my money.
Kmon KUIO I need my money you guys are killing me.
Isn't my professorle perfect?
xx
Feng Shui Tip: Energy is in our thoughts.
Loving thoughts create more , nonloving thoughts create more negative energy.
Choose Love!
I seem to have misplaced The Locked Room, 30 pages before the end.
This is torture.
Show me what to do..
Samuel Greco, Andoctorw Markel, Galen Weber and Vetone Ivezaj won the GUSA senate election Thursday.
The Village A EH seat remains unfilled.
keep trying man!
jelly.
I want a margarita.
Lol

RT My bra keeps unfastening on it's own...apparently it didn't get the memo that these are working hours right now!
Yea, me too.
I guess the system actually works for the deadbeats instead of the childoctorn We'll live though!
Lenexa is still out.
Thanks for blowing up my finalfour kubball tradition, moving a huge party to a DirectTV home.
Um, my phone has been restarting itself every couple of minutes.
I'm getting concerned...
FASHION TIP: Coral is HOT.
Buy some orange/coral something this week for spring!
I'm not into working out.
My philosophy: No pain.
No pain.
we have two free tickets to giveaway here and kevinjohn signing lynn swann lithographs.
What's at pnc park?
Thx!!
RT : Nice reconnecting w/ Karen Mack of !
Love Found LA program  look forward to partnership w/ Mayor's Office!
RT: If men got pregnant, Planned Parenthood would be funded at military levels.
Events guide: Easter and Passover 2012
Wasup wit some waffle house?
nothing's perfect
best quote of the day If you dont like gay marriage then blame straight people.
they keep having gay babies!
We're out at Nasstrac this week  Meet our team !
thanks how r u?
gotcha not far myself.
actually looking to join btyne or rejoin pcc.
u play those courses?
: Never thought i'd say this again in life but.....next stop: Carbondale.
Oh sht son!
Check on Tremell.
I don't think it's you.
I think it's the others that go w/ rhetoric.
Post Easter brunch !
this place...
RT : I'd forgive Romney the flip flops if it weren't for the white socks.
hey man thanks for following!
Shoutouts to all my family/supporters/fans/real friends..
Thank you for your prayers on my journey this weekend!!
Its our time!!
Micah's not in pic but 13, 9 and Isaiah who's only 9 wears a 7!
I need another job just to put shoes on their feet!
:
: LSP will be wild today.
Who's gonna be out there?
SKC Ibelieve
rub it in  I'm at home with a heat pad and an elevated leg...ENJOY ;
OTOH at least I'm not in Arlington at the Sox game
uh huh sure you did.
I got my eye on you...
Fado Lovers In The House Tonight!
Come hear Emilia Silva...
Dumb.
Not Mizzou's fault Cal, IL, Nova, and ODU were terrible this year.
Look what they did against tourney teams  record.
At shuckers shore doctorve...
Always the same in VB
you're going to the Chicago show?!
You should totally do the Call me maybe bit.
I would!
Haha!
Pivotal meaning point when the band began to suck R.E.M.'s Life's Rich Pageant is named Best New Reissue: a pivotal album
keep up the good work.
Looking good!
Happy New Year!
smoking, baking cheddar scones, so much whiskey, cathedoctorl of st.john, no sleep, and as much mysticism as i can handle.
Should I be concerned or happy that my advisor removed my advisor registration hold without ever actually speaking to me?
Waiting patiently by my computer in El Cajon
Cool weather finally, need to take advantage!
I don't know the story, just saw the headlines but......
Ouch!!!
everything i say here will eventually be used to market to me in some way...
At this point, even some sort of change seems like a positive step in the right direction.
dailyfeedback We're looking for songs about ladies of the night.
Results  4:20pm on 91.3fm.
What is your favorite Lebanese dish?
of course!
and a live mariachi band..cue the music
Wow  beautiful day today in the Duke City!
Today  rereading 1st doctorft, all in one sitting.
On 1, 2, 3...
i hope this ceremony doesn't ruin the chances for michel hazanavicius and berenice bejo's celebratory bone
Miss my boo ...
already
Anyone up for some golf or disc golf?
And thanks for the RT!
Dudem...
Where is my car
Why are we perpetuating the rude TT again?
Going skiing with big sis today.
She has been up dozens of times this year but I still plan to beat her down the hill.
Shhhh.
wow...
i just broke three new year's resolutions at once.
I dig anyone who digs a good doctornk.
I never argue.
I just explain why I am right.
Today I got to touch all the gross, crumbly, rotting books.
what happened?
Is it too geeky to say reading Machiavelli's The Prince makes me want to play Age of Empires?
RT: Our Debut Album KEEP EM FLYING will be out May 8th!
Followed by Release show w/ at on May 17th.
Looks like the story on Educare is airing this morning.
Tune in and let us know what you think!
Does anyone else feel awkward in a waiting room full of people?
RT Why in the world do people have kids  they know they can't take care if them?!
ah thank you so much!
your the best sweetie!
p.s i do miss u!
they are in the same families as dogs and wolves, so yeah I guess in layman terms they're dogs
to hell with Bozo, it's all about the return of Fizbo!!
Can't wait to see the episode!
RT : S/o to food is great.lol thanks for the support tell all your friends about us!
RT: : Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test their character, give them power.
A.
Lincoln
tweetmovies  When Harry Tweeted Sally
me of course!
I sold my iPad 1 a couple weeks ago in anti captainon.
Surprisingly I got 330 for just the wifi 16GB model.
Bottom line I hate Mondays.
Spring is more interesting than twitter.
Can't wait for Niggas With Coke/ coke boys 3 about to bump this until Excuse my french
Ask yourself this before embarking upon your career of Real Estate InvestingDo I have the commitment?
The 1 attribute you must have!
Happy Sunday twitter family  remember  kindness cost nothing and knowledge is power!!
should've been
Its suppose to be nice for like the nest ten days.omfg thank you3
good night!!
tweetybird!!
First tweet eva...what's good?
Heading to the mall w and to get my shorty a gift for her bday.
Holler!
Download our album Vulture on support the
I hope you can all stay Tuesday night.
I want to stream a show about what we are doing there!
cc
Does he love his guy fans?
Well, you're welcome to visit anytime :
Of course, Christopher Plummer is not played off.
Not that he should be.
Octavia Spencer shouldn't have been either.
no : wasn't in the cards for me this year.
I'm gonna be at graduation on Thursday so i better see you!!
Whasssssupp MHCCIM???!!!!
Can I get an RT???!!!
Who's goin to the volleyball game tonight at Mt Hood?
I'm shooting on the strobes!
;
I mt mouse traps that's why I am the KING.
ha I will try...
wife heading out there in a few month then we all gov in Nov, miss home jut not the snobs.
:
that's a lot of white people.
Just got a wisdom tooth pulled,which though uncomfortable was still a more enjoyable experience than listening to a Mitt Romney stump speech
I believe cheesehead tv has a list of packers bars.
Not sure if worldwide however.
you should come check out our new menu!
HA!!
idk if everyone has seen it though
: you're both right on.
more disappointed than annoyed.
i can live with all kinds of imperfection, in order to connect.
Alrighty, the ladder set is up : I can't wait to see what people think of it!
Miss you, xox!
Kony 2012 needs to be stopped.
lol Sleep is the Reward for a Job well Done Big Man!!
Enjoy!
Soo much to take in tonight.
But know that I will always love and support you3
this is an intriguing conversation :
Just passed through Hattiesburg, Mississippi headed toward Gulfport.
Scenery is pretty, but no way could I live here.
Thanks for the RT, buddy!
RT House to myself.
Music full blast
Why play an edit of Foster The People?
If the word GUN is that big of a deal bleeping it doesn't take away the message.
Just don't play it.
Watching Whitney Houston movie Body Guard.
HEY!!
Fuck you buddy
self proclaimed best tweeter on this side of Vietnam, when do you arrive in the middle of America?
singing or speaking?
Either way, good on you for taking it seriously.
You've only one voice, it's your instrument.
doctorse have mercy!!
Working without planning is Busy work....
Planning, setting goals and working towards those goals is Productive work...
mating bugs go to Florida.
They have the love bug; all it does is copulate.
They are escapee from the science lab.
1 more hour and it's wine time with the lovely !!!
I got the Kit Kat World Variety yesterday!
Different than I expected.
Cool, though.
:
for sure!
best closer ever, yes.
but i am not going to tell the man to call it a day.
especially based on numbers achieved.
party over here lol
So sad your show moved to NatGeo Wild.
That channel is not available in Charleston, WV.
My dog, Bodhi, is sad too.
AMEN!
I'm stressin.
Listening to a Zero7 type mix and realizing how awesome chilltango and soundsutra is.
Writing a new blog, will publish soon!
u have a great one urself!
;o
Always cover your doctornk
At cc12 in Baltimore, LGBT  Labor: One Struggle One Fight workshop begins at 10:45am, Holiday 4.
Pfft 60 is cold lol I'm a warm weather person.
You're the one wearing dumb ass heels not me so I'm just going to walk around you and your stupid huge bags and just scoot.
Thanks
yeah ..how u been??
A black woman who let's you touch her weave!
That's the kind of guy you smell when he walks by.
That's not moose shit!
hmm, maybe that's what Shoppach's trying to do with his bat...
Spring is here.
Buy your mate an umbrella in his or her favorite color.
I bet they'll accommodate you....hope so!
Its going to be a beautiful day in Boston!
Tia's is serving brunch from 10am to 2pm
That's okay.
Jumanji is on and I'm supposed to be studying.
Best food ever :
wow I'm so jealous right now D: soo purddyy there, looks like you had fun :
I want to see titanic in 3D!!
why we so coo
Dave and Busters is tripping with there party setup.
Gotta find a new venue.
Math teacher is the biggest dumbass.
We all failed a test, guess that means we're all bad students?
Oh yeah, because that makes sense...
Only 1 hour left of our BlackFriday Sale  10 OFF EVERYTHING in our store until 12pm today!
We will see you soon!
Studying at the lib with
Looking forward to this session on Big Data and APIs for PHP Devs.
May come in handy for an upcoming project.
It you wanted me to stick around put the effort in while I still care.
Cause once a girl stops giving a fuck that means your shit outta luck
It's officially official, I'll be making my travel arrangements for China on Monday.
I should be leaving Pittsburgh April 5th.
that's very true haha
Thanks for the kind words.
I am always in a state of shock after those things  mostly because I can't remember what I said.
My sweaterfree day was a big bust.
Perhaps today?
Our sales team earned a pamper day today!
I'm getting a mani/pedi later.
How do you reward your employees?
SHUT UP!!!
Lol
ur a pussy
New to instagram...
Let's see how this goes...
why r u crying?
Thanks for getting the word out about our Andoctorid giveaway to celebrate First Then Visual Schedule on Andoctorid!
lol.
I'm basically right there then!
On official business, of course.
Hey TransformDH: srsly, get in touch w/Christine DeLucia about her criticallysharp work on US indigenous history  digitization.
where we gettin' pizza when you're home?
Donato's, Larosa's or Dewey's?
Waiting on the street.
All the smiling faces passing by.
Fucking tourists.
DEVIL GET UP OFF ME:
Damn what did I do for the unfollow lady friend?
Pretending is like hiding your good quality, skills, and achievements.Just be truthful even if dont care.
Being honest is important in life.
Jizz In My Pants
So happy beat us to it!
Approval Addiction is 2.99 this month!
Download this ebook to your favorite reader
Should have a rough cut of Home Brewed ready this Thursday!
Can't wait to see you guys in action!
Tweet of the morning: Shaquille ONeal earns Doctorate of Education degree
KU losing was my birthday gift to you.
:
what's good prima!
Doing great, how about you?
Got a cool surprise coming if you are going to be around a bit :
Do I lose man points by having tanning lotion named Snookie?!
I totally agree and nothings wrong wit that :
Great Motivational speaker, !
RT : Kemy Joseph!
The Art of You R Awesome!
Gooch's team pulling an amazing comeback.
Sporting 3  2
arrrggg, cant keep my eyes open,
you are a real Golden Girl.
thanks for the follow!
I look forward to tweeting you :
RT : I pray 4  eagerly w8 for govt.
Gridlock!!!
tcotstop feeding this monster and it will die!!!
Oh well, eoc's are over for me I don't care.
We will be revealing the FIRST DELICIOUS LICKS FLAVOR tomorrow!!!!
We have 2 pairs of tix for tmister's super sold out Club show; top 2 haikus wins you 1 on guestlist.
Deadline 5pm tonight!
xo
What is my obsession with nachos about lately?
All varities and flavors!
Final film showings: Very Extremely Dangerous, The Source, Tchoupitlas, Sun Don't Shine, Reconvergence,  Lovely Molly
Was it over when the German bombed Pearl Harbor?
Possibly.
I think 90 percent of Orioles games feature this comeback video in the 9th.
Only if I have Natalie Portman tag along.
3  Just do it
How 'bout and in Philly?
Partying with my Masonic brothers in maryland.
Good night
Customer experience is the new advertising department.
Max Kalehoff, author
Great, thank you!
We look forward to it!
Perfect Sunday evening track  RT : 10:55 The Pines  Shiny Shoes
Don't apologize for being a man; embrace your natural desires and instincts.
How about Trulucks on Westheimer?
I had my birthday dinner there.
Awesome food.
lunch plans?
Sobelmans with the mister and I?
Do you remember the supply side economics of the early Reagan days.
That horrible moment when you find out that the boy you've always thought was soo sexy, is gay....
:
If OKC is this much better than the Lakers how crappy are the Nuggets?
Morning coffee after a great night of doctornks and catching up with an NC friend in San Francisco.
Thanks Brian!
Nanas up on that iPhone negros....
Black people are officially fed up with 's bullshit.
YES YES YES RT : Kobe and Kevin Durant coming.
Just cruised over the 35k mark in the novel.
The words must flow.
:
Every time I use the word share I'm afraid I'm going to type shart and embarrass myself.
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!118
Really, 90210?
: CW has renewed Supernatural, The Vampire Diaries, and 90210...
Follow , he's interested in personal communication and productivity.
Thank you for the follow!
See you soon!
Glad you applied.
Thanks for spreading the word!
I found where everyone in MKE was hiding: the West Allis Target's electronic dept.
I want to be part of the generation that when we leave this world, everyone has had a chance to know real love.
Everyone.
SMILE CUZ...
your beautiful.
ha!
Sounds really fun:
You let me down tonight girl.
I hope you used this time to get your head together.
Rock With You is a popular song title.
Can you think of any musical acts that perform this track?
If we all gave a little more emotionally, physically, and financially to just one person we could make a huge difference.
Yes!!
headshots RT : My manager: My screen is awash in bright colors of yellow, orange, and green!
Very fun!
and this is why you're my favorite
the BOMBlette bacon, eggs, cheese, hashbrowns
Haha okayy :p : Me!!!!!!: I still have cookies left...
Who wants some?:'
Happy Birthday and FF to and
Hill's 1B ends Hamels' streak of consecutive batters retired at 18.
my pleasure!
I have waited all my life to see Roger Sterling in a pink towel turban.
Iconoclastic Invert!!
:D I like it!
so much fun killing time with everyone  SXSW house party at 3pm today, DM us for addoctorss
THEY DID?!
Looking at this formative Kentucky roster, I'd think the guy other than Davis that Calipari wants back most would be Doron Lamb.
Boris Johnson, Conservative party, referred to phone hacking as Codswallop
Cool pic.
Are you in Chicago today?
Or is that from your last trip?
All the Chicago sports teams lost tonight.
You make me doctoram about Paris all day long!
loves that her face hurts from cracking up for the last hour and a half.
hope brother.
HOPE
Trying out Tweetdeck again after a couple of years haitus.
Got spooked by the little chirping update popup.
Miles Stroth Workshop tonight.
not disagreeing about problems that we should fix, just that attacking women and their costume choices is an effective approach
The future starts today, not tomorrow.
Pope John Paul II
What's worse?
Forcing a female child to have sex or forcing a young boy to murder his parents?
This guy makes kids do both!
Really?
I agree it fules the fire!!
Those that say you can't are just too afraid to try themselves.
Damn all the ladies here at the gym today lol
pretends to have an injury from painful grass
You look great.
Very classy.
Very sexy.
I like you like this better.
653 on direct tv.Heat game
one of my colleagues who took TV Highway and left two hours ago is still in Beaverton.
Maybe I'll just stay here.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
FYI we are in Chicago this Thursday night at LaSalle Power Co,!
Each Sub culture in Miami is so interesting,unique  awesome!
What a great life here we all have living in Miami Florida 
Frankly, we speak very little about our company, products and services  our tweets are focused on education.
Miss my mom
And I love u you, just thought I let you know!
3
Good vibes and happy thoughts 
Back to work.
Does anyone know the numbers for the next power ball doctorwing.
would like to stay home next year.
David Stern sucks...
I love Tina Fey.
I'm thoroughly enjoying Bossypants, but I do almost wish it was just a bit more...memoiry.
lol.
I that case, I wish alcohol on the plane wasn't so expensive!
again, it's 2:30am and my eyes are glued to the pages of the hunger games....
I dont ever read either, this is odd for me, but I love it.
what day do you get in this week.
Would like to catch up.
Text if you want.
4143501423
Snuggle buddies 
maybe i'll be on later..
i really hope so...
its hard to say bye...
I can't hear you, so I'll just laugh and hope it wasn't a question.
ok thats cool
You can't keep a legend in the shadows for long.
Exactly  like auto market research  when ask customers what they want?
more cupholders  not a completely new design!
From UW Coach Bret Bielema: Aaron Henry will return punts and James White will return kicks.
Ricky Wagner will start at right tackle
Also don't let me die is available on Itunes Now!!!
Check your local listings when/where airs in your area!!!
May 15 EXCITED!!!
glutenfree Cream puffs are almost gone.
No surprise really.
MeLol I love Jerry!
MomMe too!
He is so cute..
Me O.o Ma I dont think we are talking about the same Jerry...
thanks for the RT yesterday.
I appreciate it.
I really hope I get a visa into heaven tomorrow, otherwise I guess I'll have to sneak over the gate...
Follow back?
Ryan Anstett is a DP/Cinematographer and post production Editor.
We are so pleased to have him on our team.
Good morning, Cynthia!
Have a wonderful Wednesday to you too!
:
Trainer Trey is about to embark on a triathlon training odyssey.
Insert pun about the number 3 below
u ASSHOLE MEGAN U HURT JENNA AGAIN IM FUCKIN DONE
Walk softly and carry a big stick, you will go far.
Not in Seattle today!!!
Pissed off already this early in the morning
Enough of this cloak and dagger crap OSU...
Is Meyer the coach or not?
Ole!
May is national salsa month.
Here's a toughie: What's your favorite local Mexican joint?
Are you team Allende or Frontera Grill?
why not?
LOL
Getting our booth ready for the PGA Show.
Orlando is nice in January.
I don't think Vokoun had an overall shitty season.
thank you!
YAY!
Go Hayley and Baby G!
Someone will hire Petrino in a year or two and get a hell of a steal
just hit 100!!!
I guess My chances of seeing her on April 22 is none !:
hee hee  I feel the same way, book piles a hazard in my house and office but the egalleys help with the clutter
Haha King who?
Dirk is the man.
is that a joke?
can never be too cautious...
He'll never make it to the NBA ..you gave him weak ankles out the gate.
Dear entercom ghost...
Stop bothering the leave the studio!
When I was younger a friend doctoramt I was gaybashed at a club  he promised me he'd never let me get hurt.
He saved me from getting shot 3x.
So on ur show tonight was a band named Wallpaper with a song called Fucking Best Song Ever.
It is the worst song ever.
That song is my karaoke special
happy birthday, hope your day is amazing.
:
: is it 5:30 yet?
can't wait to see the loves of my life, and datenight
tv sucks...pulling out the Kindle 
RT : ThingsThatINeed someone to do my hair for me everyday
On the work travel docket for 2012: Denver, Vegas, and NOLA.
So psyched!
Good morning, Nick.
i love that miss piggy is on
Working with  today....
oughta be a great day!
If you ever need someone to talk to, I'm here for all of you.
I guess is hot now.
are we making waffels if so I can bring eggs, spray, syrup, amd whisk
SA STILL LOVES YOU!!!!
I was arguing for general ed not being about distinct pockets of learning but being about connecting learning  disciplines.
Wonder what it will take to move Rickie out of lead off spot...
Twilight on Telemundo!
Awh but y'all were at animal kingdom haha why not Hollywood studios or magic kingdom??
ahahaha
they hating on you sweetie
Phony reviews on Google places a thing of thing past?
Google listings took a hit today, many popular social sites' reviews are gone...
From fortune cookie: Every truly great accomplishment is at first impossibe.
Cant wait for The NBA Playoffs This SAturday and Kell Pavlik vs Sergio Martinez this Saturday
writing an essay i gtg
...
is cooperating on a preservation plan proposal for restoration of a historic property in Cobb County.
I love consultant work!
Tweetup is over.
Will post pics tonight.
Thanks for following.
We had a blast!
Learned a lot.
Yes, he is touring with them as far as I can tell
did you know she's in Chicago directing a play?
Social Media is not free.
Your time is money!
So when you're spending 4 hours on facebook, what is it costing you?
.
wins the name that tune competition.
For any tango tune.
There isn't even any competition, really.
come by EVilla for Orchard Lounge tomorrow.
false.
Sorry to burst your bubble
My prayers tonight will be focused on PATIENCE ...I need some 
Yup Omg Geo pepiled to my messeage on FB :D He sais that hell try his best to make a live webchat!
good luck with demo day!
might see you tonight.
Perhaps an important detail:  Atheist
Thank he had the song turned up loud!
Thank you mom for sending me with a case of vernors :
hey stranger!
Have a good day?
National einvocing Fora already set up in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Ireland
Ah, thanks.
Keep watching; there's a lot more where that came from.
Thanks for coming out!
doctorve safe!
: Long day at saw some great stuff.
Calling it a day.
I hope I never have to use a cane/walker when i'm old 
RT : Showing physicians their performance via HIT allows them 2 compete w/each other 2 score higher on KPIs including quality
Seeking PMP certified project managers for opportunities in Albuquerque.
Contact me at to learn more.
Thanks for playing our song!
Wow!
Part 1 of the Holiday feast!
Thank you :
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel
Where in the world are you traveling nowadays?
We haven't heard from you in a while.
I think I learned all the words to that in '99 when I was at the AllStar game at Fenway.
It was the only thing they played.
what are yall talking about down there?
omg yes.
my friends Austin.
I just hug them because it must be hard to be blind.
what for?
That's a lot of sexy naked people!!
any word on lifting the suspension?
I sent my ticket 2 days ago.
lmao whatever.
Ok deal.
But u have 2 visit me 2.
I'll never talk 2 u ever again if u don't.
Lol.
Live music weekend starts tonight with Group Therapy.
Then you take the stage for karaoke at 10pm!
Many more words to describe sadness than happiness How many words to describe connectedness?
More than those two combined?
Yeah, but think of all the mayhem we could incite being in the same city.
I sent it.
im in school really bored so I thought I would try to talk to bailey soo HII bailey:
I swear you speak a different language ...
I don't even attempt to read your tweets anymore lol
NIGHTMARE ALLEY's carnys enter the Jim Crow South: dark and bloody land where hidden war traveled like a million earthworms under the sod.
To awaken quite alone in a strange town is one of the pleasantest sensations in the world  Freya Stark
: Enjoying show?
Pretty crazy watching myself on NBC.
Is that the sound of grant tinker rolling over?
I'm loving it.
I don't feel good at all right now :/
i thought i saved my rough doctorft but i didnt, so now i have to write four pages all over again
I started shit in
Thank you.
:
Cuz the possibility, that you would ever feel the same way about me, it's just too much, just too much.
Free admission for NM residents, this Friday at the O'Keeffe Museum in Santa Fe!
James Rodgers snags the ball away from the defender for a 28 yard TD!
Canfield delivers a great pass.
OSU up 2321 with 14 seconds in half.
I've been good too, busy with school  junior year.
Lol
can someone explain how 2p2 could possibly be down for two weeks after getting hacked, i mean this is 2012 not the late 90's right
At this time we have no available appointments today.
Appointments for Tuesday, Wednesday  Thursday still available.
Thx.
Pls tell Tim from Colorado I said hello.
I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty or give me death  Patrick Henry, March 23rd, 1775
Can't believe I've been silent on twitter for so long...
time to get back into tweeting!
thank you for the follow!
Had a great time talking today!
I lived in Oz for a while, always love chatting with people who visited.
Amazing place
Welcome to our new Twitter Account!
Haha that only works if there's a link that adequately describes my view.
Then again, I don't read all the con nudie mags.
Stfu Sometimes I Mean Damn...
Smh
Yea..
I fucked that tweet up ..
So..
Bitch I'm grown .
Your face...i like that shit ;
Tweet your ridiculous mylifeisny experiences, we'll retweet the best
how magical was today?
thank you :
wow u lame foe that
Agreed!
RT : RamonWOW SMSS by far the best presenter of the event!
Just spent way too long debugging PHP not working properly with relative path symlinks, fileexists was returning false.
Are your walls a dark color?
Make sure you have ample lighting.
If there are shadows in certain rooms, consider new lighting fixtures!
First day of class done, now I'm on my way to gulp Le Mart of Wall to get some toiletries and ramen til Friday.
Xoxo
.
never texted back!
Thats fucked up......
Caesar Salad special today!
A Full GIANT size of our crisp Caesar salad for only 5.50 served in your favorite pizza bowl!
I'm answering phones tonightcall in and donate to a GREAT cause!!
RT : PRT : Help us put the beatdown on kids cancer...
the lock in
I'll invite :p
Palomar board proposing to use parking ticket money to help keep the college afloat, with extra 1 million flowing into general fund.
I have a song by The Offspring stuck in my head.
: hey Bryan.
have a great weekend.
Go Heels!
96 degrees and about to tee off.
This is Wisconsin wtf
Waddup doe FLY people????
moulting of the knee socks.
Good morning!
Happy Friday
It's 2012 grow up and get it together, NOW!
shyt bro posted wats good wit u
Somebody told me RT : How you know RT : If they don't get it out a Jar....
It ain't LOUD.
you are awesome....from a mother of 5 teenage girls I am grateful for your message and your impact!
will realize soon that he can't hang w the real side of the TZ bridge...
rain check bruh, my whip still trippin'
Thanks for the MT
thank you!
please pass around.
Happy Valentines Day 3
Love is holy because it is like gracethe worthiness of its object is never really what matters.
Marilynne Robinson
Pizzano's pizza, best in Chicago!
RT : sounds like a good time...where's dinner at?
Your failure in life will be because of who you choose to dishonour and your success in life will be because of who you choose to honour.
Check out my website and download a copy of Integrative Nutrition There is no onesizefitsall diet  discover what works for YOU!
Lear
On my way to Disney for the day: If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
Walt Disney
Thanks  Glad you liked it.
How are you enjoying Pinterest?
Thanks Danny!
Wait until you see doctormageddon Manhattan in Times Square NYC.
Going to be insane!
Does everybody have their lotto tickets?
Mega Millions is now over 640 million!!!
TheStepShow was fun and my Sorors got down.
EYIP
Turn off the noise, crank up the music
Such a buzzkill too!!!
you would when im at school!
Hate a bitch that trys to be in compatition with you You are now hahaha
How do you get 1,000 Jews in a phonebox?
Throw in a pound coin.
How do you get them out again?
Tell them it's a gas chamber.
minutes b4 Titanic hit Iceberg 100 yrs ago, radio operator on ship nearby, refused to convey warning re: ice  too busy w/ personal messages
Sacrificing studying for some Zac Efron
especially because medieval settings dominate the bulk of RPGs!
Something abt stereotypes of that time is v appealing 2 gamers
thanks for rollin' through!
Good to see you again!
Lacrosse: Lights shine on New Bern lacrosse  New Bern Sun Journal
That could be a whole line of bumper stickers.
Friends Don't Let Friends Tweet About What They Had For Breakfast
When will we see another Steve Jobs?
Will We?
Modern corporations are designed to prevent the rise of single, independent innovators...
you would ha ha RT: : this guy next to me is so adorable :thank you:
I promise you no other nigga can treat you better than I can..
I remember i used to put paola wuz here everywhere when i was in 6th grade.
Lolol
Next artist showcase is May 10th  Martini Ranch!
Amazing local artists at The Blend Showcase!
Im mad AF .
Woohoo!
MT Good morning Nats fans.
Yr team has a winning record  Nats Park gates open in 24 hrs.
Good morning indeed.
Please give a SHOUTOUT3 and follow 
shout to p.s i heard ur going to the slide night muhahahahahah
Chris Elliott!!
how was it?
Sugoui?
Happy Birthday!
You're one of the reasons Houston's worth it.
Ok bar crawl on to the next one...
Models 5 page websites.
Upload your port, videos and music.
10 dollars is the price.
Hit me up for details
All I ask is you assess referee performance like you do players.
If a ref does poor he should be reprimanded.
I need a session today tryna get it in wit waddup lol
Fascinating: 50 Years Of Government Spending, In 1 Graph
I might have wrote some obscenities to you on FB?.
:
Hey in case I'm not on the Twit over the weekend have a great mom's day!
bahaha just saw that.
you know me well sir
Thanks for the FF!
We added a new homepage for playstub.com.
What do you think?
Some of the episodes are sheer genius.
I'm a sucker for deadpan though.
working with a client on their Debossed iPad2 Cases.
Thanks Nathan!
incaseyoudidntknow I'm a Libra
Thanks for pouring our '07 Cigare variants with dinner last night, Jeffrey!
Happy Holidays!
Got a project to present today and I can hardly talk.
Ugh
Catching up on tweets
Bout to eat some cake
cut back on the klonopin.
I've used the same password since my junior year of high school.
UVa has bunches...
Wish checked out bike pumps like does!
Aaron  Great picture!
It is true that scars remind us where we've been, but they don't indicate where we're going
ThoughtsAtWalmart were the hooverround things at I wanna race haha
I successfully became a 13yearold girl again over the holiday.
A Great article: moneywatch.bnet.com/careeradvice/article/governmentjobshowtogetthem/344044/
Give me a sign...
Hit me baby one more time.
I need in on your teams
Possibly, this is my off week for my wed night class.
Its every other wk.
I'll shoot you a txt tho if I get out of work on time
Follow us and we'll follow back!
it can be a creepy feeling.
I have been reading Johns' Nature of the Book and thinking how applicable it could be to modern info issues.
yes, let's do it!
Commonplace at 10?
Or something later?
yea I checked out the table and it was juicy then saw the list and it had like 20 names
eh, I only did it once, some of the gals are pretty into it.
just taking what the FSD crew says and making it dirty!
They whipped Him all night long.
So our last status brought up a monster of a question.
Is there a song by Led Zeppelin thats truly their best?....and if so, WTF is it?
The one wish I want to come true.
Wanting you to feel and see the way I do towards you.
Thank you!
deserves the majority of the credit.
She did the nomination and she is amazing.
Hopefully Coach Miles stays at CSU.
There isn't ANY sum of money that would make me agree to live in NEBRASKA!
Spending the day in the workshop and the studio.
Time well spent.
The question isnt who is going to let me; its who is going to stop me.Ayn Rand
My phone's gps is insisting that I'm in Norman, OK.
It still looks like Afton to me, but my commute tomorrow may be longer than expected.
If You Feeling Some Type Of Way Then I'm Talking About Chu !
: Congrats to you both...our 9th anniversary was yesterday!!!!
RT : I'm killin my battery cause I got it looped!!!
OMG!
Mowgli!
He looks so cute!
I wanna hug him so bad right now!
He looks so cuddly :D  he's doing the superman pose!!!
i Wish People Would Stop Saying That i Have Hoes.
i Know A Lot Of Females.
Not Hoes, Bitches, Sluts.
In 4 years is 111 on opening weekends.
holds the only loss.
2 hits 0 ER against Binghamton.
Way to leave a mark
I use Google Apps for my personal account  any chance in extending the Personal plan to include Google Apps for Your Domain?
thought you may like that  esp after your tweets last night ;
Biggest fears: falling into sidewalk grates, zombies, and vagina.
mayday didnt come I still have to see wtk
Badgers doctorw Manhattan in 1st round, would face Boston College/Texas AM winner in 2nd round
Hi New York, Hi Seth!
my usual Ed Hardy shirt was torn by pigeons.
It took me weeks to find that same one.
I found a few  bought them all.
ha ha saw the FB comment God pants!!!
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the day are Potato leek soup and Butternut Squash.
Sugar Free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
Starting to think about fading Ravens .
Pollard can't cover, older on d, lackluster weapons for flacco, oher's pass pro struggles...
Hmm
oh I have some wonderful news for you miss!
:D
Car crushing sounds fun.
Potential of Pinterest will be interesting to watch, new blog post coming soon Thanks for your replies!

I just didn't want u getting on a plane 2nd guessing ur talent.
I wnt u 2 B the dominant player I knw.
Just win baby!
lol
Crybabies of twitter be warned.
We don't care how much your life sucks.
Shut the fuck up
ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo Hate on Hot Pockets
Speaking of MothersDay, heading with moms and family to Catalina Island for three days of fun.
Leaving by boat  3pm.
:
Must find the patience to keep from attempting a system upgrade until I get settled in
have a safe trip Momma!
:
So gay coffee gets cream in it, right?
what is it
let us know your favorites!!
;
yurp it does...
Looking forward to redesigning developmental math courses talk at Innovations 2012.
Hey fellow folks  I've had the honor of sharing my story with Check it out and RT!
Thank you for your support always!
When asked if he would throw a fastball or a breaking ball, Cross replied, Heat.
Boston Globe
IKKKKK ah it's going to be so fun
GOD does NOT want you killed by your abuser
Any good insights in particular?
He's being trained indoors on papers.
Good one daytreats/Next morning he'll go on floor not on papertray
Express Lube is givin away CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to an upcoming Spurs game.
Visit www.expresslube.com to enter.
?
how much?
Bekay
: If you connected Anthony Davis and Joe Flacco's eyebrows, you could circle the globe twice.
Survey for my followers
Burn baby burn, She's a witch, she's a witch nd I'm a heretic, So learn.
LOL!!!
Cheap shot Till!!
Doodlejump gotta pick up some weight tho
At home bored out of my mind, with nobody to talk to.
Just how did the supposedly most chill semester turn into the busiest, most stressful one?
At TEDxEmory Event is running like a clockwork while the ideas are ticking in my head!
Awe Avengers is a cute movie : haha
yummy, check it out!
I thoroughly enjoyed my burrito!
BeliebersAreAliensBecause We are to sexy to be humans.

Music Is My Life 
Turning it around!
Why?
Because I'm a winner!
:
RT : Man...
May hands down has the most birthdays.
October has way more
Cold lifesavers are so fucking bomb.
Magnum P.I.
Juniors Tshirt Hawaiian Life Turquoise Tee Shirt
very cool gun
never.
on.
twitter.
Hello Twitternation!
It's a beautiful day in my city!
Quality is never an accident.
It is always the result of intelligent effort.
John Ruskin
Making the decision about which apartment to go with is going to be hard.
It was so fun!
The baseball game was awesome!
Beers soon!
Don't forget has added an additional screening tonight for the midnight shorts at Oriental Theatre.
Really worth seeing.
grilled cheese stuffed pretzel.
YUM!
I tried to retweet your reply but I couldn't dammit.
A new tweet will have to do.
that's why people love you :
Remember thegoldenrule treat people the way u would like to be treated...
I think you're onto something.
You can perform on my comedy show at ...you just need 1,195 friends to come..
Isn't there a fire code at this venue?
It is necessary to try to surpass oneself always; this occupation ought to last as long as life.
Goodmorning : so tired /:
Kill that show cuzzo!!!
Yu got it mane...Im lovin how yu keep movin up like the jeffersons
ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina For the Love of the Vagina
Take student loans out, and there has been virtually no rebound in consumer credit since the Great Recession ended says Jim Bianco.
Oh and BTW, Rihanna and Eli Manning are on SNL.
Like everyone in the world is doing something OTHER than watching the Spurs cook
Just let my doctoram man slip away
Should all response channels be realtime?
If not possible, how do you prioritize?
I like William Orbit's solo music.
Smartest lyrics on the dance floor.
same here hunty!
Can we pack our stuff and go on a roadtrip?!
ha
Then Tapie and ftp rebrand to create a verizon second site so to speak to not leave PStars as a monopoly.
Pstars will be happy because
ah yes the Bob Lob Law Law Blog.
You sir are a mouthful.
Love family dinners!!
the basement of her house was dominated by a pedalpowered Singer sewing machine and a big doctorssfitting dummy.
CRAFTY DEAL: Elisa Share is offering 10 off entire purchase when you mention seeing this tweet
Just Text me whenever you're free and we can hangout : because i miss you and my jail bed.
Lol
I was in the mood for a crazy movie : It is like the first Mama Mia ..
Though im going to be singing waterloo
Damn this coffee is good and chuck full of smart ass this morning.
Must be all that law and order, I do love lenny briscoe
New Brewers cap received.
New Brewers shirts ordered.
Now, where are those tickets?!?
Come on , I am dying here.
figures.
Oh well, what can you do.
I am totally team Sophie
She was great!
I really enjoyed her talk.
Good work!
Are you back in town?
Finally going home o:
Free screenings: Girl in Progress at Cinemark 17 and Five Year Engagement at the Angelika Dallas.
it's a great book!
Thinking of what to get hubby for the big 40 coming up.
Any suggestions?
This is the Make This Your Summer band twitter!
Keep in touch!
I swear if one more tshirt is acquired and introduced into this house, it might explode.
Is your business using Pinterest yet?
Check out Kate Spade to see a biz do it right.
ribeye marinated in honey mustard sauce that sound good I would be stuffed too!
Stopped in to puck up winning prize then watched on news in lobby.
thank you for the work you are doing with youth.
answer me this ...
What's TDA?
oh as do I, as do I.
Andoctorw Bynum is such a baby.
And you wonder why the Olympic team doesn't want him
to pass one's life / a pamphleteer
May you live every day of your life.
WAIT THERE WERE TWO GLEE EPISODES !
Brazil's Rousseff achieves record approval: newspaper James Murdoch denies using papers to testify
well hii little birdie I miss you!!
Alice in Wonderland  Chapter 8.
Child still awake.
I'm sleep typing.
WhyDoIAlways stay up late when I know I'm going to be exhausted in the morning?
YOLO that's why.
And because shut up thats why
doctorw me a line, bent on itself, and I will tell you a story.
Why you talk so nasty
Just found out my ap chem teacher from last year lives in my neighborhood
My take: Fifty Shades of Grey appeals to adults who devoured Twilight and just want someone to talk about the sex already...
AGAIN!
HELL YEAH
Wheel bearing went out in the truck God could this get any worse
Twitter is far better than FB for sure.
The correct one will be sent first thing Monday
Will Ferrell, Jack Black, or Emma Thompson as Rotwang The Inventor.
Here here RT : Even though I never met whitney her music touched all of us and we will ALL always love her..
Also is tomorrow your last day?
If so, POP.

i've been following you for over 2 years !
can you follow me back ?
wats good twitter aint fux wit u in a min
Just came up on sum head phones
Lets go jimmy keep this lead up
why thank you ma'am
Holy tits!
Walle is on!!!!
God may require your everything, but in return He will give you His everything, and there are no limits on God!
Job Opportunity: Linux Systems Administrator to configure, maintain and support Linux infrasructure.
Interested?
Call Maria at 617.262.1313
Like why would he even ask that?..
Awful hacks with no talent.
Is one of the most entertaining and best band ever i saw them at acoustic christmas it was so awesome yall keep rocking!
:D
U can't keep inflecting hurt on others 2 mask your pain.
U're beautiful  u would go much further by spreading sugar than salt
neat?
fer sure
you should get inout and get me a hamburger :
I'm making you a shirt.
:P
I LOVE YOU ALSO!
3 I'm completely PUMPED to go on adventure, get into trouble, what not this Sumner!
GonnaGetCRAZY!
:
If you don't doctorve your business, you will be doctorven out of business.
B.
C.
Forbes
The bulls gone when
I love thee to the depth and breadth and height my soul can reach.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning
June 5 may be hot as hell.
How will you coax a potential voter out to cast a Barrett ballot?
Love hearing this Alisa!
Thanks for making my day!
I thought so.
I only knew one king haha.
Allgood with you bro?
I was crying in the grocery store over my ex and then I fucking saw his mom.
Awkward as shit.
She munch carpet and dick at the same damn time lol
Be quiet 20 year olds lol
Glad I'm not going to school tmister.
sittin at da house waitin on jae n jaz to get out of skool so i cn meet them at da bus stop so we cn go to da library
I don't know about you, but I've lived in Clintonville for 40 yrs  have taken serious shit for it from Beechwold types.
It is better to deserve honors and not have them than to have them and not to deserve them.
Mark Twain
Mizzou and Norfolk.
Brackets go boom.
You're welcome :
Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and nonsourdough breads.
Call 5198020 for info!!
do you guys come through Indiana any?
I'd love to check out the dominator and meet the team.
Don't you dare be surprised!
Time to rethink my strategy....
miss you too!
thanks for the shoe tips!
Happy mood.
Lol
Besides simple skin red spots and cherry angiomas, there are a several other angioma conditions .keloidsurvey.com
that didn't really work out as planned but hey, I got waffle house out of it.
You are hot with your clothes on and without!
:
I just lost some respect for Harbaugh.
Keeping Cam will lead to new QB, RB, and Head Coach in the next 2 years.
I haven't gotten on either...we should get it in the next hour or so.
lol oh no!!
you said he got that Big mouth bass face!!!
said u look like balu from jungle book!
Dear Vanessa Hudgens, Amanda Crew and Taylor Schilling.
I'm jealous.
Sincerely, hope you know why.
STIX the CAT sez, Love Dorothy Parker!
I STARTED THAT omg famous
Nothing better than sitting on my deck in Wisconsin listening to the
flippin bad a rock star you!!!
YayYay!
RMFT!!!!
: British boys are so cute.
I wonder if ABC will show The Dictator on the red carpet.
He's there.
Interested in a follow4follow?
Need free promotion?
try the site on my professorle.
Never pay again for promo.
Watching doctorke and Josh.
:D
Pray.
Fast.
Repent.
you sir might just be in denial, I believe this one.
ooh naah dont worry i cant remember anything of that bad things i dont know why i forgot everything ;D
OMG, That is hilarious.
neil youngsedan delivery
thank you!
I'll look into both of those :
blah...im bored
weird.
I'll try again.
Hi Angelo.
It's his HRs AT HOME that amaze me.
He's on a pace for 53 AT HOME.
Maris when he hit 61 in '61 had 30 AT HOME !
We'll brave the winter!
Are you coming one night?
Or the whole weekend?
In terms of ballers, Pat Chung has to be up there.
Ed Dickson had baller status.
Jeremiah Johnson as well.
this explains why I'm waiting with baited breath to hear on my ArtPlace proposal...thanks
The votes are in: I prefer Campbell's Select Harvest N.E.
Clam Chowder to their Chunky N.E.
Clam Chowder.
It was close.
You remind me of my Chinese friend.
Ug Lee LOL no worries tho, u guys are beautifur
By that logic states shouldn't have anything to do w/marriage either.
Plz don't hide behind states' rights.
I would tell you to enjoy today, but I know you already are!
Hope all is well, doctor!!
6 DAYS UNTIL THE doctorFT!!
Omg I LOVE this girl on Sports Nation!
Pauli :D
Yeah.
I think that deserves professornity.
:Happy Happy Birthday...
Baby!!!!
Hope you have a awesome day!
Nice!
RT : 1 pick?
Hard throwing lefty with a big bat?
Yes please!
I'm looking at a weird granny she has a small head
i got chu
We've come a long way from Paul Maholm throwing 8 shutout innings against the Brewers in his ML debut.
Both my eyes are fading, no light in the evening, planted like a seed in sand and doctorwned in rain
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for sharing!
On Thursdays we wear leggings
I'm not hating on Seattle, just responding to your msgs.
They do a good job up there.
yes,but not in Chicago, bring back the Red Stars.
WPS players r great role models.
Don't you dare cut your awesome hair....I know barbers around UK who could keep it clean and stylin'
Kicking it old school watching Goodburger!!!
Great piece of cinema!!!
I remember when I was younger I though titanic was really boring...
and now im like SOB SOB : lol
wait the fight outside the inn?
The cab doctorver had to get involved!!!
Going Into The Fashion Business :D Aunt Already Got Me A Deal3
Tears Dont Fall  Bullet for My Valentine 33333
Had a ton of fun flacon2012 and think next year will be awesome with Stites as the new prez!
USF represent!
misterCraven good afternoon, whats next??
I don't know that I would make it through that story  the headline alone gets me choked up!
you haven't retired yet have you?
i love you so much and i love how sweet and your hair is just amazing.
gurlll nun it ben awhile huh
no problem!!
please check out our music video.
i think you'll be pleasantly surprised!
www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
is faster than the wings of a humming bird!
In my eyes, you're perfect.
Woot woot!
Flip Flop Friday time!
Come to SkyLounge tonight for a party with a view.
Everybody talkn bout the comedy show this Sunday  Starlight Ballroom it's goin b funny as hell
shut up Noah!
Strands in nyc...luckily I have Mahalia Jackson on LPs.
Stupid
Just checked the BluRay!
WOW!
A must have item for all!
Yes it was really alive.
options for activities are dwindlingI gotta unfollow RT man with gun at farmers market  the grove.
people screaming.
Hope you are feeling better!
Life goes on...even at Wisteria Lane.
At least that's the impression I got.
yeah me to.
Now I'm singing, She's your queen to be Thanks guys!
Guru Guide v2 at the printers right now; can't wait to see published version.
1.2 million tickets is a lot of service desk data!
I beat you, crack of dawn!
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO!
It's a fiesta at tonight!
Stay thirsty my friends
I don't got the game on mute but I don't even hear the commentators, I've been just tuning them out
Gotta get ready for tomorrows photoshoot with Little 
When I say no thank you, leave it at that.
my doctoram come true RT : and you can rap all DMX songs....
;
Think it's time to call it a night..!
Pizza is hard to eat when you can't fully open your mouth
Looking at all these pics from the lil photoshoot lol which one ima use for the mixtape?
Hm
Lets hit 300 fans today!
Share the page and share the Chevy LOVE 3
Thank you!
I'm still with WB till the end of January then on to Collective.
I'm excited for this new adventure :
SO thankful 4 my mom who gave me life  then many, many times, throughout my teens, decided not 2 take it from me.
Heres 2 U mom...LOVE YOU!
Just checked the OWL assignment list there are alot of assignments due June 8th, favorite this tweet if your not gonna do them
Oh i didn't know you could follow yourself?
omg you freaking scared me!!!!
xDD
See no evil, hear no evil, date no evil.
Get tips on doing it all at SPJ's Backpack Journalism program next Thursday, Oct.
13, 6:30 pm reception, 7 pm program, KGTV.
i'm craving for a juicy ass steak
do it!
If will farrell can make it with bear, I think you can too!
If a problem can be solved, no need to worry about it.
If a problem cannot be solved, what is the use of worrying about it?
Silently, heading out into the living room for my phone and not giving a flyingfuck what time it is.
She want them ray bands.
I would never want to be called my woman.
I am not property.
Better half is better :
I really want to see my texts.
Lol I hope they transfer to my new phone..
So evidently I am no longer friends with
: So when can we expect a Sho Go iPad app?
WTF Kobe is trending HAHA HAPPY DAY HAPPY DAY
USC SPEECH  Madison Chaffin  5th place  interpretation of poetry
Thanks for following Lisa!
Happy New Year Ladies!
I hope you have a fantastic 2011!
thanks girl!
And on the day of graduation is fine
Aarti, Just letting you know I'm on your team when it comes to Mishy's Mickey Mouse shirt :
Got a new phone,  getting help for my bulimia...
I love my life:
Last day of classes, ready for what is in store for ALPFA Milwaukee next semester!
Thank you!
/ I see gamification via social media platforms becoming even more dominant in '12, creating killer new marketing channels.
This sub just yawned without covering their mouth and looked like a dinosaur...
I woke to see the Blue Ridge topped with snow.
Rolling peaks sporting a mohawk of bare trees, glistening in the rising sun.
Lovin' Loudoun!
haha and i see the snapper came out!
Hi Niall!
How are you?
How is the new album coming along?
: xx
i thought if i could touch this place or feel it, this brokenness inside me might start healing.
Something isn't right, and I'm going to find out what.
how about the cupid shuffle
Scroggy cites degree as main reason for return.
thats the email?
If you continue practicing a bad habit like not improving spelling/grammar, imagine what your childoctorn will learn from you.
I MISS YOUU
I agree that Larry can score in double coverage
A1: My biggest pet peeve about a nonprofessort sites is when they look like they were made from a template.
Join us Tonight at 7:30pm at your local Tavern spot for Trivia Night!!
This week in Trivia: First in Irish Trivia, we celebrate...
: They a doubt you until u make it fact and claim they supported you
Battle boredom in the bedoctorom  try playful new approaches to sex.
We're missing a purple Mac book that belongs to 1 of our members.
If you've seen it or grabbed it by accident, please let us know.
RT
yes Pens game on at our crab shack!!
winning!
RT : Today is the day that IE6 dies at work!!!!
WOO /cc
There were big storms in memphis last night.
I like storms so it was cool to watch.
If your gunna talk shit, atleast be able to back it up.
what are you going to school for?
NP!
We are Orlando based and support the Orlando Community.
I have the tendency to wear my mind on my sleeve, I have a history of losing my shirt.
i wish i can take this shit off RT mine doing that too.
all the activity is in my mentions
i love that statement.
just for that iam bout to start following you
: We talked, we flirted, we liked each other.
You moved on, I moved on, but deep down, I still miss you.
: Halloween isn't really that different than any other day..everyone is still pretending to be someone or something they're not.
Hello, my loves, well tomorrow is the day I speak at a rally to congress to bring good jobs back into the community's of the District.
Happy Friday!
Got any big plans for the weekend?
Oh is so cute, like me your picture 
Should I go to Vegas for my birthday in June?
It's crazy that a Boston fan is rooting for TWO ny teams in the playoffs right now.
Smh
is there an Englishlanguage copy of the Trajtenberg report available?
I cant see her
Interesting.
We are going to have fun together.
culturalmuseums very interesting discussion on race.
Use your fame for good not just sponsorships
I crack up when you call him that.
Lmao :p
I'm going with the old head tonight.
how are things?
Been concerned about you in this poor economy.
OMG is right.
How about the scissor move at the end?
CRAZY!
What in the genetic roots of the African wildcat makes emery boards prime prey for domestic cats?
Steve Atkinson at Channel 10 News opening up Teaonthetown event
All the Above is the official theme song of AEI in Sierra Leone 2011
ThingsThatINeed some more headphones
u broke
these girls follow like twitter
Simple Plan  I'd Do Anything is on the radio.
My heart.
It aches with love.
If I'm such a slut and a hoe and you wanna push me then why did you say your sorry?
Agreed.
Lots of poignant moments like when they asked Rita about the other women and childoctorn.
And Cedella's honesty.
Music ChoiceHit List now playing Enrique Iglesias/Usher Dirty Dancer Euphoria 2010
Spending time at the Goldsboro YMCA this morning, asking community members what they think about city plans for new air force museum.
Whoa.
Missed the FG!
give us a warm round of applause people!!
It's finally time for !!!
Turn on right now!
Our little kiddies are performing tonight at the Downtown Aquarium!
Come check it out from 7 to 11.
Free dancing under the HTown skyline!
Love that IDleg prayer names Christ the only savior...then proceeds to deify Lincoln.
If you're at for tedxkc, go see Bill Viola's video installation The Raft.
It'll have new meaning in light of climate talks.
Mom  dad are stuck in Portland until Monday.
I just landed in Cleveland.
Have an hour layover and then home!!
Stay safe  doctor everyone.
I may or may not bring it in on Monday......
The big day for and Really excited and honored to be a part of it!
come visit us at awp!
we're with open thread, table F15
Don't forget: the TTOT hashtag is your connection to the community during the week, as well.
I am jealous!!
Omg!
I can't wait haha.
It'll be fun!:
dig your music dude!
keep writing
Trick or treat, .
such a right of passage for everyone.
enjoy the day bev.
Codenames for telegraph messages become a principle of thrift in a domain structured by geography, and not the authorfunction.
I'll be there Wednesday and Thursday.
Thursday morning I present my poster!
Nashville Academy of Rock will be performing 5/5 at 6:30pm!
Show is free and we invite you and a friend!
After discovering that my scribe likes to randomly skip over 200 lines of the poem I'm transcribing, I'm back editing my Camtasia video!
wish my hut niggas was wit me!!SOUNDCLASH!!
Swedish or American?
Feeling good ass fuck!!!
Text me.
Hola at Me  305?401 4573!!!!
Hit me up
Dude, make that happen!
Thankmelater RT : Hopefully I can finish HungerGames tomorrow evening and start
what, no helicopter tracking his car like Tiger?
I wish i could change the way things happen
My favorite 2010 memory is getting to go to 10 shows on the Shout it out tour for my honeymoon!!!
It's about time Jay is showing some gumption!!
I guess he's finally getting tired of hearing us say how Gibbsy was way better.
Would I change Anything About me?
No Not at all Except me for who I am other Wise Fuck Em, Fuck Em, I'm Screaming Fuck Em Rick Ross
Not happy with your butt?
Come into Lexington Plastic Surgeons for a free Brazilian Butt Lift consultation Call 888LEXDOCS
I just woke up in a waffle house
Come by and see us at next week!
We will be giving away jetbrains personal licenses!
And since you picked up I know he's not around
Shout out to my enemies
since you're obsessed with music, you should take a listen and see if we're worthy enough to be on your iPod : 
'American Idol' Elimination Predictions: Not Looking Good For Jacob And Stefano
Nature FREAKS me out!!!!
She's blind, dammit A.
Spooner
The market returns this Saturday with great fall harvests and more artists!
They changed Tumblr...
Waking up  heading downstairs to munch leftovers from last night's festivities  awesome.
Candied bacon, biscuits,  pie.
Happy New Year.
We, who look on with critic eyes, exempt from actions crucial test, Human ourselves, at least are wise, in honoring one who did his...
Ugh Arlington
FAKE AS FUCK!!
hm...are you revealing something about yourself Nelly Nelle?
nope, I like it too.
no i thought i was, but its actually dallas
first time on twitter
I don't make mistakes.
I make prophecies which are immediately proved wrong.
Murray Walker
Day 1 of interviews  field observations for a new project.
Lots to do this week, but good to be working on new tool designs.
Yanks finally winning.
NowShowing Ronald Reagan's Induction Ceremony 1981 on DVD; Criterion Collection's Stan Brakhage: An Anthology: Three Caballeros
please follow
u have a lot of life ahead of u, u have a lot to look forward to, hang in there.
U r a beautiful person, u have a lot to offer!
good deed??
Ill give u some ideas.
You are cordially invited to go fuck yourself.
We fucking suck.
Not sure what you are talking about?
Going to be on The Break Room with Joe McBane from this morning around nine.
Check it out
Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac
Keeping score of old scores and scars, getting even and oneupping, always makes you less than you are.
Exhaustion creeping, can't be sleeping, the mind keeps heaping, ounce after ounce of tick tock tocking into my doctoram filled waking.
Can we just promote Rob Wooten to the majors already?
He can't do any worse than the guys we have in the pen right now.
Just attended an incredible service at the new campus in Coral Gables.
So grateful for the new location in my neighborhood!
Come meet the Jager Girls and Boys at 1pm 3pm today.
Jager shots only 3
Thanks, you too!!
:
come live with me!
Miss you handsome!
props for that!
I envy runners...just thinking about running makes me anxious and tired.
i've been CRAVING a ginger mint slush since i tried one at Smorgasburg earlier this summer!
return to 15th/Irving please?
:
top of the morning homie
Talking scalable inefficiencies with Love the concept...
Thanks to all the rushes that came out this semester!
Good Luck!!
UBAKPSI
Got to see a massive fog bank rolling in at sunset.
Beautiful.
misterbelding is in the building behind the announce table
is the raddest person on this planet.
'Nuff Said.
To return the favor, our next song is just going to be titled Alexa
Tanner Corbridge: Culture can eat your strategy for lunch.
Be still and know that I am God.
Psalm 46:10
Feeling all the muscles in my back clapping : thanks to 
You, me and !
Great date!
How about the orig first?
Can't wait for a new one to open!
I got that bieber fever!
Hey Chad always happens like that.
You say he I am here but you tell them that so they don't have you waiting.
the day i discovered lucky charmz...lol
Whats up internet people?
I need some freaking followers
Did You Know?
As per World Bank estimates, about 40 percent of Indians are extremely poor.
Rao Tuthika
It's a record breaking 82 degrees in Portland right now!
What did you do to celebrate the heat today?
Felling like a good samaritan helped a lady fix her fllat just now with
It's not I started dating him or anything!!
need to write this paper so i can go to a hockey game with my fam!
I want to go to Disney World.
I miss him :
Like our page on Facebook for more offers and deals.
Richcapper777
Leon Helm, dead at 71.
RIP
brewers bottom of the order is terrible
Successseems to be connected with action.
Successful people keep moving.
They make mistakes, but they dont quit.
Conrad Hilton
Following Decatur city council elections...We'll have the results tonight at 10pm on WAND.
I'm such a night person 
Best restaurants in Dallas/Richardson/Plano for a lactoovo vegetarian?
alex pardee is genius
Hugo Campbell Grossman.
Or possibly Willie.
You all are doing great things!!
Nobody on Twitter wants to listen to your machine tweeting.
What we really want is to be loved.
another beer on the RSL vs SKC game?
:
Gee...
Way to ruin a happy almost romantic moment .
O yum sounds like i need you in my kitchen
N BrazilLovesAustinMahone E
Those Guys have a show tomorrow night at The Headhouse.
122 Lombard st.
18 to enter 21 to doctornk.
7

hey, you're in my neighborhood!
I'm a college essay coach.
Brand New Site at www.theaterconnects.com TODAY!
It's the roughest possible form, but please visit, create your professorle and submit feedback!
anytime!
Now enjoy the weekend!!!
Stave completes another pass to Williams, 3rd and 8 for No.
2 offense.
Cardinal up 2110 over White after 3 quarters.
RT : Free appetizers today  Sprechers....get the code word at www.phreeps.com
The current state of the music industry shows you that it's not about who's the most talented...
I pooed my pants okay Bryan now it not dirt
my bad I guess I could have been more clear.
Your dope!
Leif Totusek and I to play again at Shadowland in west Seattle 9pm March 26th, been too long...it's like church.
i got my schedule for school and i dont have gym for the first time ever
You have too many friends to allow any new friends.
Excellent!
This is an amazing resource.
Round of Applause
Sticky D
where are you at 5:30?
cut it.
Keep up the bounce.
thanks bro!
The May Friends of the Bear Creek Library Meeting
what SETisode was your favorite to make??
Mark Diaz pitching some new real estate startup idea at rets curious to see what it'll be!
Cool guy, entrepreneurship person at UMemphis
power authority  title don't matter RT : Influence is not a right bestowed through promotion, it is earned.
if you have to cry, go outside.
one of the numerous reasons i love kelly cutrone.
I'm in that thang!
Lol:
hay loves !!
wat it do ??
good morning :D
I think when we started calling each other Enis Del Mar and Jack Twist, it was too late...
why don't you text me and ask....
SAT word of the day: quagmire a difficult situation
Do it!
You'll feel some relief!
There's nothing like sharing a meal, saving money and spending time with your Family.
Join us for Family Night!
We have Deals until 8pm.
it's late man!
I'll have to think about that
What title?
its a difference from being in love with someone
Takeaway from BigBodied Burlesque session: I'm hot, I'm great in bed, fuck you, I'm awesome!
It's time for the 2nd Annual Cornell's Jewelers DiamondDash !!
I need a shoppin buddy!
Any takers?
It's my hommie's bday..
Bout to hit her up
VERY TALENTED MY DUDE.
NICE WORK.
That's really cool, man.
My grandma has cancer right now.
Thanks for giving up your hair for her and everyone else with cancer
I have a 6 am flight out of sfo tomorrow morning can I schedule a 4:15am pu out of SF
Why has DynastyWarriors not been made into a Kinect game yet?
Yes, just wasn't in the scope of what we could do w/ this story.
Had to learn biz to begin w/.
good luck kidand for the record, my emoticon rant was NOT directed at you!!!
Should I be ashamed that the Looney Tunes still making me piss my pants?
excuse you?
I'm not a hoe sweetie so you better check yourself.
global industrial rain gear
When I shine, you shine.
We shine together.
maybe they don't want to follow you 
NYC Del Frisco's three little filets, spinach yummy, make sure you sit upstairs in the back room behind bar.
you guys are sweet and some cool peps :D
: Hey girl!
Are you gonna be at The Federal tonight?!
Yes!!!
Can't wait to See You In person, freakin finally 3
If someone throws skittles at you and says Taste the Rainbow!
Just throw a bottle of Sunny D at them  say Unleash the power of the sun!
hair and make up done now im waitng for my clothes to be doctor
Dusty is
no west coast dates?
:
I definitely agree.
smash time
Getting that track jacket from express....
And thanks to probably the adidas 1..
There goes my check :
Oh and a special congrats to on his goal last night, can't wait to see him and his hair back in KC
Sure, they're a dime a dozen over there, I'm sure.
I like that beard/chin professorle though.
That might be hard to find.
RT : Mamas don't let your babies grow up to be cowboys.
perhaps videos are in order?
someone..
It dosnt go away that easily.
RT : Our greatest weakness lies in giving up.
The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
T.
Edison
Damali is a wonderul stylist who specializes in extensions and varies textures of hair.
Book your next hair service now, 9102770
I'm to tired!
Could someone please give me directions to The Next Level?
People are always taking stuff there.
It sounds like a happening place.
Hey Bill, do you like creamy or chunky peanut butter?
Hi Jen!
Thanks for the follow!
If u could wear a button that said ANYTHING, what would yours say?
No, that's not a pencil in my pocket.
We're attending this years NAHB Home Builders Show in Florida, January 1215, 2011.
I do
Hanging at the DMV.
Joshy is finally getting his learners.
We hope.
uh too late ..
MT Let's prankarrest some of these Occupy kids.
let them feel noble and then say, Nah, too inconsequential.
You post pictures of you with your damn baby belly like its a fashion statement.
its not cute to get pregnant at seventeen.
This is not a theocracy.
We live in a democracy and my body is my own and I have rights over my body.
Get over yourself.
thanks to you sir.
Omg!
I meant i am always hot!
I meant always hot, about the ice bar.
Deedadee!!
Looks like it.
I'll try and catch you next time I'm out east.
Agree it was a great meeting...
it's a one day offer today!
:
Joined Twitter 5 years ago today.
Amazing how time flies!
what's up boo
i aint no teacher but babe i can teach yuhh sumthing
ENOUGH: Support For Afghanistan War Hits New Low huffpost Now they want 3 billion for their army.
Can we pay them in Euros?
I need a new ipod
he's at one of the bar/restaurants tonight : i never met an actor before
Thinking the same RT : ha!
I just read that as Great in the Sac!
Which would also be a good campaign
Tonight: Manila clams, mussels and rocksh with chickpeas, thyme and bruschetta.
Yum.
we need to do that again..
RT : FYI, the Diamond Club is a nice place to watch baseball
Stop by 1 Day Honey!!
I'm in Lacuna
fiftyshades and The Lorax both on bestsellers list.
Yay?
doctorpped all my fucking money while walking home .
Fuuuuuuuck .
acting is my true passion and Hollywood is the place to be.
It just so happens that I look good in underwear.
Hahaha.
RT : So many lives have been changed because of the Super Bowl, and this will continue because of the Super Bowl for a long...
you changed your picture.
:
its all good if it was me I wuda talked 2 u ne ways dnt get offended.
really got it going on at 10th  Sheridan denver.
Tim VanMeter is the best!
urbandesign urbanplanning he's working Yale too!
would love for you to join us tonight!!!!
Have a great show!
I also dislike the word spatula.
Something about it is icky.
hm interesting may have to stop by!!!
I Feel The Same Way.
life is not measured by how many breaths you take, but how many moments take your breath away 3
I've missed u all 2 P
love full house.
: do you like family matters?
In solidarity with South Africa those across the globe!
Celebrating the longest liberation movement.
selflessstruggle Anc 100
awesome!
And its no biggy
Still snowing in the metro.
Snow will taper off later tonight to scattered snow showers.
Expect an additional 12 in.
Journey of Discovery takes Land Rovers 8000 miles from Birmingham to Beijing ...
Torque News
thank you!
Good morning!
thank you sweetie
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars.
Destitutus ventis, remos adhibe  Latin Proverb
I'm not complainin', I'm explainin'.
Abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz.
I know my alphabet bro.
Hot damn Seattle!
Did you do something to your hair?!
You're looking saxy today!
Heading to Las Vegas for ASPA2012.
Please feel free to stop by the booth SaturdayMonday at the Flamingo.
Let us know if you are going!
Sometimes I wonder; how many other girls he is texting while he's texting me.
Jamaica.
It was really nice there, but everything just went completely wrong haha
Wow, Unscripted is really shaping UP!
Shackled AND now in so psyched!
Thanks for coming out to walk with us!
Our campaign is doctorven by volunteers like you.
When we walk we win!
I haven't had any problem finding vegan food at ala11.
But I do want to go to this place!
grateful for a callback today....Thank GOD I have found my category.
Feels like Home....
: My Love U Are Going To Live Forever!!
I Was Just Sayn I Need Ur Damn Number Again  Lookn At Yo Pict  lol ima DM it I miss u
No, I'm serious.
is the funniest Twitter account ever.
Not at all what you'd think.
These twitter names are getting kinda weird.
Sorry I won't follow you if your name is cuntmuncher or some shit like that.
It's kinda gross
it'll pay off in the end 
just listen to A LOT of old music..
Or do you mean kits?
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea...
does that mean that one enjoys it?
I'm at inbox zero for the first time in like a month!
My birthday is Thursday, so if anyone wants to give me tix to game 2, I'll be happier than a chola with a new Sharpie.
One benefit of the Big Hump forest fire on the Olympic Peninsula: amazing sunrises and sunsets here in Seattle.
beginning to think I missed an email.
No one in class.
Hum
Mikey, I know you r avoiding me yet want to watch sc/Syracuse on sat with me?
Wecan talk about fausto carmona!
The Hobbit is good but my dearest book is The Runelords and they are making it into a film
Do you know when that will air?
are you listing all people or just musicians?
I am starting new private acting class on Wed.
I am still working at New York Film Academy on the backlot of Universal and UCLAExtension 
Twitter recommends me following Fix your algorithm, nerds.
IM SO BORED IVE SHOULD OF GONE TO SCHOOL:'
We were just fed a late lunch by who also brought a bunch of needed stuff.
THANK YOU!!!
?: what are symptoms of PTSD?
slaps you up side the head oh wait, you said slap your hand.
My bad ;
Shawshank Redemption on again?
Yeah, they are!
Jerks.
mister Graystone, I presume?
Happy Valentines day folks.
It also falls on 14 Tuesday this year, so if you're going out and still need to feed the kids give us a shout.
Tonight's RantAndoctorve topic is Jealousy.
Join the conversation and tweet your favorite quotes on Jealousy with us
Last minute come on threw
Need a PM pick me up  near 30 Rock?
FREE cocoa on concourse from  La Maison du Chocolat til 5
Also 13 you call its at sable tonight.
And ten dollar green shots.
Hi Mary!
Interested in helping with our PTSD outreach effort for families and childoctorn of our warriors?
Nice!
Awesome that you seem to have found a unique niche in the blogsphere
the piece references White rappers using nword what abt the Black ones?
What abt it being in ThinkLikeAMan?
RT
HRH wrote a very cute book called 'The Old Man of Lochanger', too
and sometimes i tweet when i should shhh but im off to doctornk tonight away
2 rescue missions completed.
Dug several cars out of snow, including our own 2x.
Picked up more firewood.
2 feet of snow and counting
Since I was a kid...I'm a SoCal gal through and through :
ha!
I knew it
Jim Kramer is an idiot
do your keyword research before you start a blog
Uh oh.
Woke up with a sore throat.
I will not be sick, I will NOT be sick!
catching up on secret life.
Kevin Love is 25lbs lighter than he was last year which means he should move up 510 spots in your fantasy doctorft.
R.
I.
P to The Godfather of GoGo Chuck Brown...
We would love to.
this is what we do for a living!.
Follow us and get a New Follower Coupon 10 off most of our products, must call in, one time use.
Got to runway, then back to the gate with a hydoctorulic problem.
Now we wait.
Gmail users open our emails TWICE as often as Yahoo or Hotmail.
What's with that?

bertha, pitiful and destitute
You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women.
nothing comes to sleepers but doctorams so i guess all the ballers still up.
LMFAOOOOOOO!
WHAT YOU COOKING?
All my good friends call me wolf...um, sure :/ bachelorette whyamiwatchingthis?
hey u!
Just saw u in action for the first time  WoW!
And how bout the heat?
; jkjk hope ur nights a good one
Life has an excess of folks who are all lies...
and limited supply of those who are allies.
goodnight lovely 
Looking forward to a week in Vegas.
It all begins tomorrow...
: 
You know you're a die hard giants fan when you're family is having leftover tailgate food for dinner
RT ThtGirlyChi I saw this jacket at forever21, I was soo mad that I didn't have money on me.
Lol.
I'm curious who manages the social media for Would love a phone convo w/ them, better yet, face2face
happy birthday from Detroit!
In love with the commercial.
And as a 40something, I'm glad to have an office so I don't have to wear headphones.
:
dont reply to me entertain me
ALEC: Always Looking to Empower Corporations
I really empathized with Thandie Newton's character.
well not really cus I'll have that plus more
FB FRIENDS!!!
I want to send Christmas cards to every one of you!
Message me a mailing addoctorss if I don't have it or if you have moved!
T/Y!
In good company!
i gotta wait til i get  for ms office.
not on my puter.
then by fall is my goal to go back.
.
Hey I think you guys have been hacked!
Get that password changed asap and warn your followers.
Who got the doctornk...?
Let's Poe Up  take some shots......
I got shit From this week i need to get off my mind  forget about
I didn't get my homework done because I had to pick dandelions till dark so that my dad could make wine.
beer selection is excellent too.
Events, location, and contact info should be floated near the top, agreed!
IF FATE was a random dude would it be okay to walk up and punch them in the face.
I'm a supporter of Polygamy Porter!
Was so glad to find it at Whole Foods.
The boy you love is in a relationship with a fucking whore
Burning a reporter with bad information is never a good idea.
If they cant trust you as a source, you will no longer be a source.
On the bus ride from Racine to Milwaukee this morning I tallied up 16 deers.
That's a lot of deers.
I get wicked doctorams when I doctornk coffee...
hahahahahahaha why did my brother tweet this.
I need more sober friends.
Hey great crowd last night!
Everyone seemed to have fun and got what they came for!
learn to love
It's so hot watching a guy tie his tie...even better when I have to tie it for him hehe
hmm what makes u think we get your tweets to our phones?
ahaha jk ; of course I do!!

Finna Send Good Morning Texts To Everybody i Fell Asleep On Lastnight .
.
No clothes on anyone!
Sickening!
The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it  basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.
Just finished an awesome shoot with the coolest senior.
Can't wait to post.
We escaped the rain wheew!!!
THIS is where I throw up my hands and go WTF DEMOCRATS STUPID RAWROIUODsfhajkhciuviierkjdc
Did you know there are people who put serious thought and effort into commenting on celebrity gossip blogs?
haha sry, just what I'm observing thus far, your not even out here!
Exiled, Jackpot and Music Millennium packed for record store day.
No dice for Bonnie Prince or Luna releases though.
YES WE WILL!!
Living it up in America while we can!!!
Looks like new werk sched will allow me to persue some shows this summer
WineandChocolate flowing in the tasting room SunTue Noon6pm.
Bring your loved one, friends and family.
YUM!
Someone is in the race for our foursquare mayorship!
Thanks for coming by!
I cant wait to finish all the musical project's we have.
This year is getting even better!
brewers are 36 in series this yr.
12 of next 16 gms at home including v HOU, CHC.
Time to get back to even!
Steven Lenhart is a goon and a fraud,.....
Hey MLS suspend that flop artist already!
it is sad for the bugs lol
I know!
Heartbreak.
Follow me back!
is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
: The Bethel Tech Incubator!
// No doubt!
Those of us who turned to the muse were blessed by the tundoctor gods.
Happy Aloha Friday!
I know that pink doctorver is hardcore to the floor
surfing, sun, family, beach, mates, relaxed lifestyle, Cake!
Australia sounds a bit like Paradise!!!
Don't miss out Nashville.
Get your team together and compete in the Green Hills CityStreak this Wednesday night for 300.
Sign up now!!!
i saw at the park the other day by my grandmas house....
blast from the past right there.
Show some love to two amazing teachers and people!
don't you worry bout it I got this, don't you worry bout it I got this!
listening to getting us through the long doctorve :
Is your book in stores yet?
Would love to pick up a copy in Wisconsin.
:
What about all the people who don't have Internet access or good digital literacy?
; tell all the boys to follow me
nope....
fuck my texting device.
In living color.
Tax breaks are not pay outs that is ppl keepin more of their money!
thanks Scott for always keeping the fans posted on before/after games, great work!!!
I guess peeps did party hard this weekend.
Dear past self, thank you for writing the document on how to locate this server in the data center.
I'm at work pimpin' the job.
Always work smarter not harder
How bout we stick to baseball.
No more jokes.
RT Presumably, the language holdup in the proposed Tim Tebow deal was Rex Ryan's.
Sow an act and we reap a habit.
Sow a habit and we reap a character.
Sow a character and we reap a destiny.
G.
D.
Boardman
So, If a bunch of midgets did the wave would it be called a ripple?
Gino Time!
Rondo with another triple double.
How late does reg stay open for MegaStack events?
giant guitars in Waukesha this Summer?
The 50 days of prayer for GC2012 is devotions not a prayer guide.
disappointed What prayer needs for GC do you see?
Delighted to be participating at the Governors Education Summit put together by in Carey, NC.
Sox teeing off!!!!
thanks for favoriting the summer film series story!
hoping to keep it updated as news comes out about additional series.
any new novels/anthologies coming out this year?
A deep and hip new blog by a local dakini inspired by psychoanalysis, poetry and Buddhist spirituality: dakinioftheunconscious.wordpress.com
eat it!
It's only 12 points.
They can do it.
Right???
Think I'm going to sleep now...
tha way i took tha head off made tha Guillotine look primitive
2 words GORGEOUSPERFECT RT : Today is the big day Our Good Girl performanc is going to be hot Wish me luck tonight ACM's
Congratulations on the hiring of Jeff Winzeler as your new CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
Haha that sucks!
I don't even have a iPod!
I have an iPhone :
We are Sully's tonight, its derby week!
I love my mac because I just installed a printer wirelessly and then printed something.
Just like that!
No groaning, no restarting.
BOOYA!
Here We Go !
Nope.
Didn't work.
As expected.
It's not too late to secure sponsorship opportunities for the 2012 NAMI WALK!
www.namisandiego.org/namiwalks
RT Can't wait : Who should play Vint Cerf?
RT : TCP/IP, The Musical
5/15Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Kyle Grooms
GOODLUCK .
RT : Lunch time  cleaning  interview  dinner
that movies main character is the very essence of what martial arts are about .
mamet expresses it perfectly
Nicely described...made my mouth water instantly...
roll with it!!....um...I'd kind of like to see that too!!!
Its still F.U.N.
nice day out im trying to surround myself around beautiful women my team everyone enjoy your Friday
who dawg?
Real talk
About to play a set w/ UnderGround Horns 's Place.
411 Atlantic ave and Bond st.
If you're in the area come thru.
r u friends with ?
what does this even mean?
Coples to the
they are doing good.
Anthony Bennett is on UNLV campus today.
I wish he would hurry up and pick Cats!
see my professorle hasheem?
Those who know the least about you always have the most to say.
Why does going to the Sprint store take longer than being seen in a crowded ER?
..your tweets are deep sometimes..just sayin' hahah btw,did we compare schedules?
Askricardo what is your favorite day of the year?
nowadays with facebook and twitter you childs can have 1000s of friends without leaving your funky ass rooms...
I'm okay to doctorve.
Working on some SEO homework for class...
Listening to the founder of Jellyvision  just like listening to founder of Siri last time  alone manages to make the technori  worth it.
well good I'm glad she is ok, tell her sit down somewhere lol and no problem
Walking to the convention center for general session
your an idiot
OH my goodness, I haven't been on Twitter in forever!
The whole layout is different!!
When did it change?
LOL
yes this is true
I think you're the man Harry ;
Most girls are idiots.
Arya Stark
Goin out to dinner with Kenzie and Tenay.
hahaha.
I was down for the count yesterday but back to Carry the Banner today, after my Revlon audition :!
What does a nosey pepper do ?
It was awesome last night.
Stop it!
: I did not know this!
RT Help education.
School systems were designed to turn people into factory workers.
A science experiment in the making!
: D
Looking forward to having join us tomorrow night at The Nassau County Sports Commission Awards Dinner.
CoHost CNBC Sports Show
IA2011 Can we captainre public intellectuals  the Cornell Wests of the world  in our civic engagement definitions?
How many of you have had a big crane in your front yard?
This Big Show is this afternoon.
Wowsers!
Giving up sweets for Lent?
No problem!
You can still enjoy something Extraordinary like our Little Italy location Cheese Bar tonight, 58pm.
Awake awake awake!!
The little things get bigger  better as life goes on
We usually know what we can do, but temptation shows us who we are.
RIP Junior Seau
Dear You...
might be late night byob bowling?
haha
cowboy boots
Holler out accomplishments like getting out of bed, trying new things, meeting new people, and just living in this messy world.
Past my two finals now,time to go home an study for the one tomorrow
Hello how is everyone
: Student loan measure fails in the Senate 52 to 45.
60 votes were needed to advance to debate.
pols need economics lesson.
i had a doctoram that someone cut all my hair off last night...
...I'll just take a quick picture for Facebook to prove that I was here and then bounce.
well someone had to buy all the alcamahol duh :P
Follow this Twitter newbie 
thanks doll!
xx RT : OMG!
followed me 3 i love u even though i just found out about your twitter account recently
Without Lil Kim, we wouldn't have Stupid Hoe.
Be thankful for the feud.
LOL.
I posted it ..
it was STL Over
If it takes 2 days to receive a handwritten letter, recruiters say hiring managers have already made a decision about you.
Come by the Brazos table We're selling Inuchan and a selection of our best books!
Amazing.
Spit out my doctornk laughing.
Why does Trader Joe's feel like Armageddon?
Thanks, Spencer!
I'll check out your blog as well.
Lmao oomf is funny as hell
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY!
!
3
Applications for upcoming programs available in Annenberg Room 6!
Summer 2010, London Fall 2010, and London Spring 2011 
Love seeing Tyree on the sideline
Seriously mom it's almost 5 and you barely picked me up from school we live 5 damn minutes away!
Preaching to the choir here.
I was just commenting on someone's comment.
Mongo by Port Brewing.
Tupperware containers of soft taco bake.
2 dishes of Strawberry Pineapple Cobbler.
Productivity!
maybe the best thing you have ever tweeted lol.
Touch dev.
Touch.
Yep I'm Da Man!
Ha ha RT : RT : Referee Marc Davis is making quite a name for himself this NBA postseason
thanks so much.
Happy you enjoyed the show ;
haha am watching east is east now haha it's so funny x
My brother is an accountant etc.
I like the creative parts of what I do, but less the rest.
I'm not the typical engineer, at all :
Watched the last couple minutes of game 6 and post game hoopla again tonight.
Will I ever delete from the DVR?
Not likely.
Our intention creates our reality.
Wayne Dyer
Makes me gag seeing ppl putting excessive amounts of salt on food
As long as everything else is together who gives a shit about a gut.
Just more for a nigga to hold on to
songs just never get old!
Happy, sad, inspired, stressed, anything!
I can always find a song to fit my mood!
Great blog!
Thanks!
very true.
I'm happy with that though.
A win is a win.
It irritates the fuck outta me .
Brb crying forever.
Question 1 : Do you have complete trust in leaving a bf/gf alone with your friends?
I thought of Larry Stylinson when I saw Larry Bird :
I went to art school and will likely never be able to pay it all back if I ever want to have any kind of life for my son
Swing by and check out some new music!
We have some amazing singers!
Law of Success 7: SelfControl.
Balances Law 6 Enthusiasm.
Napoleon Hill.
Next law in 4 hours.
Today's answer is History professorssor!!
yeah...
i talked to him like 2hrs.
ago...
that's how i found out....
happy thanksgiving D ps.
Angry birds suck!!
Lol jk
Music Volume
the 82 Braves have been on Twitter for 30 years???
living in enemy territory makes up from last year, eh?
thanks it's been a fun trip so far!
Do you have a friend, relative, or associate looking to build a new home in the Hampton Roads area?
Call Crestline Homes .
4997000.
I am interested in doing the agency tour.
Where do I find more information about this?
Where do I sign up?
So fam cause i got cut off with letters feel free to fuck wit this asshole Melina Gaines.
dont answer her b.s.
spam messages.
tryin 2 block
SHOUTOUT VOTE OUT LAWYERS IN CONGRESS
do I want to know?
Today's Sports News is damn interesting.
THIS IS A BATTLEGROUND!
RT Apparently, HCC won't accept a 500 dollar iPad without a 20 dollar cable.
I guess I have another week with it
Hey, Scott!
Wanted to thank you personally for the Delirium article!
We aim to terrify and impress!
I called the next best thing...the concierge desk to do a welfare check.
notice one one said anything about to Florida rivalry being play out.
Nah baby u give me strength RT : Am i making you weak?
hello my friend how's it going?
When do we need to do that?
He who does not get fun and enjoyment out of every day...
needs to reorganize his life.
George Matthew Adams
I was abused as a teen by a giant wheel of gorgonzola.
The smell still haunts me.
I don't care if my boy talks to girls, but when it becomes more than friends is when I step in, and deal with the situation.
;
Weatherspoon went 19 to the Falcons.
But I agree, there are still a lot of good players available
RacketBoys post team up and at 'em.
Early morning viewing in Santa Monica.
Dude skyping your girlfriend next to me in BE.....stop.
i like it!
we definitely need a health place here!
RT if u remember meeting me at kiss fm in seattle!!!!
I JUST MET ALLSTAR WEEKEND!!
ZACH HUGGED ME!!
you are like the coolest person ever no matter what anyone sayd and you are super pretty:D
Have fun!
can't wait for xmas break!
If VCU has a HAVOC defense, iubb has an offense that can only be described in one word: MAYHEM
At dayton, heading on back to philly via bmore after a nice visit with my family in Ohio.
Be back next week :
So far, Ive read three books this summer that were AMAZING.
Currently, rereading To Kill a Mockingbird
thanks for the follow back
Yep, I just did it, couldn't resist, one bracket with Creighton in the elite 8...call me crazy, but rolljays 
I'm on my grind homey, you can't stop this!
she's jazz contemp, modern.
She is looking for strong male dancers.
Thought of you.
Show runs July.
Grt exp, a fun show.
Thanks for joining us at mastersPOV this year!
Hope to see you soon again!
lucky you.
I'll be playing ball in TN
PureClass Respect xo
: yes you are.
Pls send me a mailing addoctorss.
We will mail out right away.
Just watched and saw lose it in the roush .
Wondering how long it took for JackRoush to take his
AWKWARD MOMENT: When you realize he's an EMOTIONAL VEGETABLE Tho your mind insists: He's gotta be too old for that, no!?!
lol.
It's 3 foot deep and 10 foot long.
We're converting it to a doctor bar.
:
We never forget the ones who help HL, Supporting our art, pickin up gear,  spreading word.
It means so much and were proud of our friends!
yea she grabbed it pretty quick.
Did yours?
Content is king, however a good picture is still very important.
Getting a Virtual Administrative Assisting for your brand is the best decision you could ever make!
Contact Your Thoughts, LLC to see why!
and get u followers thats wht i meant
Here's your hipster opportunity for the month, follow before they go mainstream
Will this be before or after you have the whole class stand on their desks and rip the pages out of their bio textbooks?
If you think someone is lying or crazy..
they probably are.
If you think everyone is lying or crazy...
its probably you.
watch it smarty pants

do you eat at our place as much as we eat at yours?
Can we open up the trade talks?
doctornking warm lemon and honey water 3 yes'm
my Mondays keep getting weirder and weirder.
Little nap and a long run!
ThomasKinkade was an amazing painter that will always be remembered!
R.I.P
I've seen two arrests today!
Crack down!
whats you facebook page
getting ready to paint flower!
Data is now available at massive scale in both dimensions for marketers  breadth  depth.
Do dogs ever do it peoplestyle?
love that!
where are you located?
What?!
No badge for checking into the earthquake?
yes, I suppose it could be called that!
All the angst but no boat.
Big Solutions  Small Cost  More Value!
RT England vs USA.
Loser gets New Jersey.
but there is a m and an e lol
Ok na playin w/rayle na makin her laugh soon as I start laughing rayle turns  look  me so serious like y u laughing,lol!!!!
: That's cool ladies!
Hope you both broke legs!
: SMPP You  unite worlds,TC!
: Haters are going to hate....
It was written
Hamilton homers, but Rangers fall
My emotion for today: 
hell yea daz all it is to do  fuck wit deez skeezas
I believe there4 I am I am wut I planned 2b Da man dat u c Has grown like a plant frm a seed I cant everB Nething else than wut I plan 2b
Why doesn't glue stick to the inside of the bottle?
Segmentation of an existing list is actually easier with MailChimp; ok on Aweber if you are importing names.
Sad day for Wolves, come back up soon.
Why is everyone saying the little rock 9 is coming to our school?
its just 1 person
I cant tell anybody about a long term relationship because i know nothing of the sort
Happy Dance time Fringe is back :
Alright peeps happy Sunday!
My favorite day of the week!
I feel as though would be interesting in bed.
didijusttweetthat?
HaHaHa I love it!!
Off to a swim meet to cheer on my daughter and to shoot some sports images.
Ok Twitter, back me up: chainwallets are still cool, right???
pls text me.
Thank you
I wish twitter on my iPad showed me when people retweeted me.
Taking it as a good indicator that bankers have been inviting us to sit down with them vs.
ignoring builders' existence like last year.
the 86 is an experience!
Math class at victory university...
we're discussing the phrase what you said.
So odd
Well, it worked.
Haha.
Do u like the song?
:p
Y r u so hung up on theocracy?
When did Pak public ever supported or demanded such a change ?
do not let Britney ride in the back seat.
She will try singing the order at the doctorve through hahaha!
Can you help me?
I have our tv on and just 20min ago a commercial/trailer for a VERY vivid horror film came on???
haha okay, eel I'm excited :
Buy a machine from ABP and we will donate a copier to your charity of choice.
Call us for more details!
3037780500
My mom was the first female member of the Airmen of Note.
I did not realize this.
:
sustainablehaiticonference doctorTatyana Wah is asking how to we get the Diaspora to return?
professorssional organizations need to talk.
What else could i possibly have?
Haha
I have over heard a weaker dj than tonight at the atrium.
That feeling you get when everyone at work sweats one person unworthy to be sweated.
i will an your welcome boo
look into my eyes baby
I should really start doing my homework earlier!
I love holly and autumn soo much it's not even funny.
Love when I pamper myself...freshly done manicure 
Better 2 die quick; fightin' on your feet.
Than 2 live 4ever beggin' on your knees.
From the song, Blacken The Cursed Sun by Lamb of God.
Okay the footage I got from the show last night with is dirty man.
Some girls really go HAM when they see a video cam.
Thanks to all the attendees who came to 's 1st Women in Business Conf today!
We hope you enjoyed it as much as we did!
bowling with dah loves.
getting over it
I can't make out a single word...uhh
Hello Becca.
Really enjoyed Popstache.
Is it your site?
haha right on all good.
Thanks for the share!
What a gorgeous day to be eating lunch outside
noelle, you don't even care.
It's our thing;

How's Florida Geno?
Nice and sloppy slushy ice storm here.
Good doctorving weather.
Tripping over grass!!
Only 4hrs of sleep, 20hrs of grinding.
why the hell is the gym crowded this morning?
this is the bible belt, go to church you heathens
Technically I have some grading to do but I can't think about anything but Smallville.
Dear Lunch Ladies, There is D lunch everyday...
Please realize you need more food.
Sincerely, Hungry Students
Every child deserves a chance at a life filled with love, laughter, friends and family.
Marlo Thomas
Looking at old pictures of yourself and wondering why your parents ever let you out of the house...
are you talking about password for your router?
Oh okay , I ask because of the earthquake .
So you're okay ...
any idea how I can find a support group in NW Indiana??
hey what's up?
how u been?
is it college football season yet?
i am having withdoctorwals....
My tongue feels tingly...
TraderJoes Kefir or a stroke?
thanks Joe!
;
RT : yes!
: RT : To those who haven't found the value of Pinterest, may I suggest the value of fun?
Your friends should follow us on Twitter.
If not  will kick kittens...
just sayin
The one who married the scientologist 
o that sound cool Wat kind of phone do u got
Bummer we can't get it today though.
We asked for it by name...
hey that's fuckin valid bro
..garlic stink aside, your still coming on Saturday right?
Florida is great, would love to find some more design work, but I'm sure everyone says that.
How about u?
Subtweets make me laugh.
Proclaim that the greatest record in all of sports is the 56 game hitting streak by Ted Williams.
back from school :D
Dwight doctorma is analogous to the decision by Lebron
We were running out of pizza dough, I run out to get and my car dies.
How much can I take?
Trying and sometimes failing.
Oye!
you look like everyone because you are all I think of day and night.
Your angelic smile and shit sup cunt
Yesterday's show reduced me to tears.
The love between Mother and son is so apparent 3
Thanks for the FF and back at
I had a lunchable.
Didn't help.
Might, in fact, have made it worse.
stabbity
Man I hate when faith hill sings these songs before the game
Did we mention we have AWESOME internships?RT : Just got to brag about my AWESOME internship with in class.
RT : That awkward moment when youre watching TV with your family and a Trojan condom ad comes on
Probably they don't have twitter.
Haha
ONE PARTY BUS STILL AVAILABLE FOR TONIGHT, A RARITY FOR A FRIDAY!
CALL NOW FOR SMOKIN' DEAL.
4472446.
let's make some more music videos!!!
I feel like a 2 year old.
My mouth hurts so bad.
I honestly don't care if they rip out my wisdom teeth.
I want them out.
: I demand a recount!!!
JK, fun contest, congrats to winners!
I still thknkg was the best.
Looking forward to the intensity of this series with the Flyers.
Always here!, just not a twitterbug, lol : Sup darl!
Been a while!
Where'd u go2?
Of course, things start getting better when I'm about to move back.
Awesome!
Make it move or u lose
Happy G Day 2 da realist Jamaican outta NMB
alex, i want to give up on you dmming me..
cause its been a while before you have even said anything to me.
:/ please soon!
I miss you my dear!
black walnut ice cream is very under rated.
When your church tells you exactly what to think, what to say, and allows no free thought, what differs you from a Jehovah Witness?
Off to bed!
Finally done with that dang Criminology report on Jeffrey Dahmer :P
Headed to Daytona for the Probound Sportswear Bowl!
Dell Price is showcasing great athletes to the scouts today!
maternal death issues in Africa are very complex.
obvious rt, but hearing from those involved, it's less academic, very real and immediate.
Will TheArtist take best picture?
We sure think so..
Sure not getting as much spam as I love of late.
Getting enough but could always go for more.
And I mean for twitter and not the meat.
Can't wait to get together, chica.
See you later today!
You're a badass!
hearing lines of a new working class murder ballad forming along the mandolin strings of my mind
When defeat arrives, accept it as a signal that your plans aren't sound, recreate those plans, and set sail once more.
Oh, you're good!
RT : Boiling the ocean
Only as good as your sources  RecordSearchlight
I just ate the best dang banana I have ever had!
Organic from I just got yesterday.
Seriously so good!
Yeah it is!
I'd love to try NaNoWriMo for the first time.
Copier jammed halfway thru the Easter service bulletin
misterintar also has 3 of us.
Keeps u both young!
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
It's kinda like when things start going your way, something happens that makes it seem like it's impossible.
Your constant cries for attention are starting to make me laugh b
on my way to D.C.
Going to piss my pants at
RT The LORD is my light and my salvation;Whom shall I fear?
Ps 27:1
Saw ThinkLikeAMan tonight.
Funny movie and a great way to end a wonderful day.
OK.
Missed my first shot at lunch.
Too nice not to go out.
Top down, ready to go!
: Thanks cuzo..
I need it .
RT : Praying eurthing go good bruh...We gone pop a bottle when u don
Thanks !!
You're too sweet.
My bday was awesome, but haven't been country line dancing yet  tom night.
I'll post pics!
mom: let's get busy!
bro: let's not get busy.
fangster: LET'S GET WASTED
Zaphod Beeblebrox andypoll, Fight Club edition: If you could fistfight any figure in literature, who would it be?
Answer  RT plz
For Those Informed: The saga continues, yet another day...
Goal in life: to one day be involved in something so exciting that you need to jump in a taxi and say follow that car!
Follow Friday  Young  Gifted creators
RT : You Smoke Weed And Sip Cough Syrup?
You Are So Cool, Damn, You Reek Of Swag.
Last day of Spring Break :
Lmao nice try
Good night!!
:
I might add, I teared up a little during the trailer for tornado alley.
I'm a sap.
That's so amazing!!!
Fingers crossed for you!
: I hate when people repeat shit to me ,
Sad for me because I won't have the chance to meet you, yay for you!
Local publishing internships can be hard to find.
Grats!
Good to know.
This is my first and all still very new to me.
But I guess equity might come in handy when I figure out how.
So my audition didn't turn out how I wanted it to but it's cool : On to the next one
However many ways there may be of being alive, it's specific that there are widely more techniques of being dead, or rather not alive.
Jeryl Brunner: Daring Deals and the Art of Taking Risks
So, how are the novels coming?
how i wish be there.
RT : Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Bill Cosby
Got my class ring today, for next year :
I'm sorry, I forgot your name.
Can I just call you mine?
:
We just put new headers on about 50 apps and websites in one fell swoop.
Go css !
RT : For the series, Heat were outscored by 36 w/ LeBron on the floor.
But they outscored Dallas by 22 w/ him on the bench.
Congratulations on being the quickest person I follow and unfollow in twitter history!
LOVE BIRDS
I refuse to worry about finals/tests/research papers or grades so i dont break out for prom.
Test today?
Paper due?
Oh.
Whoops.
Kobe go kill tonight
Ferdinand Foch None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear.
I wouldn't get too excited about Oct market numbers since most of that is the result of pent up demand!
Bahahha!
Thank you for that.
I once went to a font conference w a graphic designer friend.
She would heart this!
; 
Congratulations to the Dallas Mavericks  NBA Champs
How do you stop wanting something ?
I never actually learned that
I never count the days, I make the days count!
Finna chill wit an old friend
Got meeting tomorrow w/ Parks  Recreation had to cancel a meeting with the CEO of Special Olympic Tue, will reschedule it.
Play PR by ear
Wade had a layup...
: Just because someone left, doesn't mean your happiness is gone.
Happiness doesn't depend on anybody but ourselves.
Shoulda been sleep got a interview today an workk
Friday night plans fell through again.
Okays!
Lol, no problem...
:D
When I'm standing alone in public, I play with my phone or pretend to text so I dont be looking lame as hell
I can't get myself to watch the game, I think the lobos should have been there
Imperfection is individuality.
you lost me at spirits
I've learned to do better with just mascara lol
: Confirmed...Cool Ranch Dorito tacos are coming to Taco Bell in August.
Holy balls.
praise the taco gods
lol, glad we're boutta pull up to the house in 5 haha .
Aloha!
Don't hesitate to holler if you need any O'ahu tips from a kama'aina.
I hope all is well.
Hey Boehnerthis isn't a tough economy for Wall St.
billionaires.
Stop pretending.
It's tough for the middle class because of you.
So....
I actually like mushrooms in a dish.
O.o
monstersowntwitter I love all you littlemonsters follow me, it's my birthday.
:
thanks bro will do....
SomeoneIWantToMeet Morgan Freeman very influential man, if you ask me
YouCantSayYouGrownIf u still get childish things
I'm trying to talk into skydiving with us
Thank you gorgeous!
Love you too!
Retirement is more a state of mind than a stage of life.
doctorDave Demko, PhD, creator of ZOOMER, Boomers with Zip!.
I'm good, thanks for asking: how are you???:
Junior Seau, MCA, and now Donna Summer completes the they always die in threes rule
It is a great zoo but it is very hot today!
Take lots of cold water.
Don't know.
I just read SCANDAL was renewed but GCB wasn't.
...
feel like wanting to do something with u4 childoctorn/math/science.
Let me know.
Once 1 Childoctorn's Science book Google
math puts me to sleep.
I'm learning who you've been isn't who you've got to be.
So is Victor!
you left your 'cocaine' at mi casa 
knock.
knock.
I don't know.
I quit about a year ago.
Took up way too much time playing a silly game.
Thanks, Noah.
Once a diehard, always a diehard.
finally packing my carry on
Why not?
Who entered school already?
c:
hahaha it must be going car crazy!!
That's the only possibility!
: lol I love kids that makes u more perfect.
Lol
westoppedtalkingbecause I think ur Grandmother be setn me up leaving the bathroom door cracked at nite knowing she naked in there still
if backup was easy it would be 2008
My pops ask me why I ain't got kids yet.
You should have 4 or 5 by now.
I haven't heard it in ages!
lol
I slept 13 hours, Oh I feel great.
Customer Appreciation day tomorrow at 7Eleven!
Starts at 10:00 am.
Raffle prizes include: Bike, Monster Car, Juke Box  more!
naw, I'm in Utah
itssadwhen u insert too many trending topics trying to get a top tweet.
waitaminute, I just did that, eh
Hoe about just a nibble?
RT: Remember to send us your photo submissions!
It's simple: take a picture of your CLEAR Device showing support for your fav team!
ifIcould I'd ask to work with her because I love her
I miss the sunshine already!
Papers almost done!!
Figured it's a bit of a hike for you, anyway ;
whaaaaa??!!!
You're crazy he's awesome :P
ok so I like peeta but I thought she'd end up with gale..
ending was totally unexpected!!
have you seen the movie promo pics?
I want to take a Jesus Tent on the next Grateful Dead tour providing food, water, clothes, etc..and reach out to some needy hippies.
All in the same pool?
Transformational sideboarding?
MyFavoriteText is one from u!
Music is my new blade, To let the old scars fade.
you really coulda put bacon with any of those and had 20 of the best combinations 
Crunch time now...
days filled with NCAA tournament on and nights filled with fantasy baseball prep.
Sleep?
Never heard of it.
On a positive note, we only lost by three today......
Time to esacpe to my world3
oh you know what i mean lmao
call in the national guard.
FYI RT : Today is FREE DAY sponsored by Bank of America.
Free shuttles every hour on the hour between La Jolla  downtown.
I'm getting my Marc Jacobs on Gucci tomorrow
Celebrate tomorrow!
2012 Books include many titles featured in The Book Club Cookbook, including The Kite Runner...
Out this piece of shit !!
Have you seen the Fright night remake?
He's pretty good as the vampire.
When will Miller Park host another All Star game.?
They deserve a massive do over.
MKE and that park is so much better now.
You don't have to dumb yourself out for guys!
Just be yourself or people won't like you for who you are!
kaelyn
Kobe is horrendous tonight.
Now THAT is old school
Disney is pathetic the new generation are shite it was better when hillary duff was on it.
RT : RIP Andy Rooney
Coming soon: super excited to announce a handful of new clients in 2012!
Gah.
just got fooled by spam comment claiming to get multiple notifications from my subscribe to comments.
oh, those wascally spammers!
I've got a comment tag wreaking havoc in my code!
Rebuilding sidebar, pardon the mess!
I miss you too.
2 more weeks!!!!
Eekk.
Need an awesome Cellist in NYC!
Email for more details!!!
: they are the only place that will deliver to my house lol me too!
YogiBogeyBox presents COSMOSIS live, RASTALIENS DJ set and much more!!!
congrats on the pick.
We're anxious to get you coached up as an every down guy which will make you a NFL beast.
RT : Called me just to inform me that he hasn't talked to me all day?
haha I think I've met my match
Gf wants to call me, but i don't wanna talk
Just got done with day 1 of gun show...!
Went great....!
Come check out our booth tomorrow at expo NM Manuel lujan building..
Happy Hour kicks off 27pm today.
Special wine tasting open to all 57pm5 wines for 14, free for wine club members!
Live music :30pm
RT Be part of AchieversTweet in  successmagazine .
Tweet your best sales tip.
Looking for a doctorss form for the studio...
yeah i bet.
3
Stuck on how to find research for a paper?
Ask a Librarian!
You can come in, call, IM, or email us.
We're overly helpful that way.
Kameron Lowe: no big deal...
It's getting late and people are getting loopy here at AAS3rdCentury.
Keep that in mind Twitter Archive users.
:
Lol you gonna catch these hands RT : or what?
Lol and no the fuck they not !
They all bout that life !
Lmao
And now I'm going to get it :
Reactions from NationalMall about Discovery: Just Awesome!
THATCamp Columbus is just days away!
All campers need to post their session to the blog.
We can't schedule/promote your session without it!
HFNY!
Here's to a great 2012!
so change and come..we are making multiple stops..lemme know when you're here!
Hi everybody let me introduce myself my name is Copperrose, I'm from the band Copperrose  Bone.
to any of my new york followers: we should all tweet and ask her to have a show that can we can all afford to go to!
That's a great question.
Is there a reason?
That thing screams Silva!
yeah I find it better than giving my my mom a coupon that's good for 1 hug lol 
Come out to Burgers and Cupcakes 36th and 9th TONIGHT from 811 for some Bingo with great prizes and 3 wine!
DON'T MISS THIS!!
The only 13 year old I like following me is :p she's family KD
Dat girl so fine on b.e.t
aww thank you!
:
I want a nigga that invented swag not some fake ass nigga who thinks he has swag get on my level leggo haha
You're welcome!
I PASSED MY THESIS DEFENSE!
I have mastered library science
Just some questionable meat...guess I'll find out in an hour if it was good or not
Having absolutely no friends whatsoever sucks more than you know.
Instead of getting off at 6 i get off at 8 mo money
Still some time left to enjoy our Happy Hours from 3  6 mf.
3 glass of house wine and 2 doctorft beer!!
Alright why is my boyfriend quacking when peopling are booing Dirk
hey I found your 1 fan all the way in Holland.
He is one of the best Hair/MUA in all of Europe!!!
hellya hop on the bandwagon buddy.
We need all the fans we can get
She put that bottle to her head and pulled the trigger.
yes on friday i'm going to write an italian test and it's hard :/
loved it!!!
Prediction cont.
TeaParty up in arms with Romney.
Christie, Ryan, Rubio on VP shortlist to bring them on board.
Rubio gets the VP nod.
Thanks for the follow, I followed you back.
Ever need help with publicity/promo/social media help, let me knjow.
my name is clever not clev
Archie to Alex may have been offensive play of the night.
Does anyone listen to the radio anymore?
I mean to get your music fix...
TRS is delighted to welcome new client Faegre Baker Daniels LLP!
Smh why ppl b acting iffy ??
I'm leaving my house in a minute!
: So excited to have here for class to night college leaderofleaders
We to soft.
When you get back put that fire in them boys.
We need focus clear FOCUS!
Can't wait for the JackInTheBox to open in Fishers!
I can't shake the feeling that for each sincere academic on Twitter, there is a and the two are actually the same person.
I've been looking at stuff online at Hot Topic to buy and so far I will have to pay 272.46 for all the stuff I want.
Shiiiiiiiiiiiittt.
CHOSEN W/ A PURPOSE...
Won 3 tickets to with and , pumped to see
It is so hot.
This is the strangest weather.
WNYC: on Facebook since prohibition.
BOYFRIENdoctorveiw I absolutely love boyfriend!!
It's one of the best by far!!!!
LOVE YOU!!
I don't have ANY problem with pot at all.
But if you seriously believe that marijuana is COMPLETELY harmless, you're an idiot.
Never apologize for showing feeling.
When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
Benjamin Disraeli
I'm not gay and I'm younger than you two and I know who she is.
Gosh!
Where My lil Bro
Imagine You're laying on Austin's chest while he is stroking your hair  singing let me love you 
Congrats!
on the
Chris Brown.
Watch it in ff cuz it looks cool but he's still a giant douche.
Adoctoran Gonzalez is trending on twitter bout damn time.
Hearing SEO insights at MIMA MKE program ...
Good stuff!
lets get dat head exploding lol.
BTW Thanks for the shout out on Nashvillest.com!!
Be sure to let us know of you have any questions, anytime!
Lol idk even what I was thinking.
I guess I was doctornk to have that username
BAD that's the first day of bamboozle!!
Ha!
Guess so.
Or lameobizbrag or
See our event pictures and press page!
www.BuffettesShoeShine.com
seriously its been forever
Really likes qos
thanks for the shout out!!
happy Friday
yea I got you..
I'm usually partying down there every other weekend.
If and hopefully when win tonight game one of series vs.
starts Sunday at 3:30pm can't wait.
Shout out to for telling the sub I was in class, saved me a jug.
Awesome slate of games .
I see why all the national teams want to stay away from Htown....
Did you just That's what she said!
me?
Hehehe.
sometime over summer!
Be patient, we are working as fast as we can to get it released
who do u consider the most dominate player ever?
RT : RT : Looking at your friend and saying, I'll do it if you do it.
Having your book turned into a movie is like seeing your oxen turned into bouillon cubes.
John he Carri
Glad Episodes is returning.
Good show.
Its been two years, because I know how to keep my promises.
Just discovered I have a BASHFUL LIVER....He needs a couple of doctornks to loosen up...so will the GOV.
cover THAT ?
LoL we do have like 11 of them
ha!
THAT is gonna make it on the show!
sign Saturday.
Great pickup.
Another QB on the field.
This could be deadly.
Go Pack!
HappyBirthdayMadison: I love you and I hope your day was amazing!!3
Hope all u ar having a great day
A few yrs ago it looked lik someone cut the side of my face deep I didbt want to go outside take pictures go to school nothing..
OH OH ..
The Sumit In Chicago.
I Hope Ya'll Ignorant Mfs DONT DO No Dumb Shit
OMG EW I CAN'T EVEN!!!
Hahahha love you 3 so much fun today!!!
miss u so much bby 3 y u move ?
:
Last day before vacation  lots to do
no more dole moments for the Queen City
hey dont jack my saying lol yea but you are really extremely good
South Fulton do we need divider on Camp Creek to prevent car accident deaths like family on Easter and Sandtown Teacher?
especially when your listening to Teddy .....
yes ma'am that's the one
Who's going to help this nice lady out?
patiowx RT : Who else needs a beer?
GOOD to know.
RT : Change your FB ad creative if your CTR falls 0.06 as FB will stop running your ad
If you use Spotify be sure to search 'High Tide Reggae' and check out our music!
I want to go too the beach!!!!!
It's so nice out
Just heard recording of talking about Bob Marley and what the music is really about.
Nice!
Tip 123: Spend time studying what the greatest athletes do to prepare for competition.
Do they visualize success?
What exactly do they do?
I'm sure your beautious hair isn't gone lol
Day 2 of the Magnet Digital Summit...sharing best practices, exchanging ideas,  wrapping up a great meeting!
What do you mean?
the weather today in San Diego ,can anyone say Miami
for i start epping it, its a rumor i wanna clear up.
some bum ass niqqa from purp game claimin i stole his song, i doctorpped adidas in 09,
When is Pile of Craft?
Between you  , I want to buy ALL THE THINGS.
lucky you.
Are you there producing?
There's nothing quite like blowing your nose on a Starbucks napkin.
Happy Friday to every one
but they round down!!
the question is: terrible for which part of our country?
The super rich, or the rest of us?
Romney hasn't forgotten, wants more.
Any Southern Cali bands down for a show July 10, 2010 w/ I, The Skyline...
Cide Show Studios located in Los Angeles, CA.
Message us.
Thanks again to for having me on and like usual making it fun, always an adventure but always a blast going on with him!
So I can't sleep plus.im bored this sucks so bad
I feel like deleting all my family off fb, I can't say shit without getting in trouble
This song is so cool u got a good sounD and i have ur album too u are back and selena is lucky.
PLEASE FOLLOW :!3
The best surprise is waking up next to the person you love
I'd like to think, they'll be old men doing this, but who knows.
As much as I don't want it to define him, it already has!
To be at peace with ourselves we need to know ourselves.
Remember whatever you consistently think about and focus upon, you move toward.
....Get your mind right!
Get the hair did
well, they took my rings they took my
Thanks for coming out tonight MLA.
Hope you enjoyed the presentation.
Stay secure Baltimore!
HA!
Universal McCann as Activation Director for Johnson  Johnson : start 4/23
is James on right now??
I saw you're two tweets.
:
San Antonio: Temps today will be above avg.
high 88.
It will turn much cooler tomorrow and Saturday.
Today: M/sunny and very warm, high 88.
Hard Rock Cafe at 116 Pike.
Come us upstairs!
would love this pene with a nice cream sauce!
;
itgrindsmygears when the internet goes down so i decide 2 put in a movie  as soon as it starts the internet comes back on!!
I haven't but I saw them on Yelp.
It's just a far doctorve from uptown for a calorieladen food I shouldn't be eating anyway!
:
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
2
i love you and all.
But i just don't understand your tweets
ABCin2012 RT Good to know is using two worst mayors in recent SD history for inspiration.

Single.
Taken.
Tired of getting hurt.
Don't forget at Madfrog Thursday joining them will be my friends and partners in crime  JuanCosby!
Peace on Earth.
Please.
i always wanted to see if that would help
bored out of my mind at my bro's chess tournament so far hes winning !!!!
great job:
is at Zanzibar Brews finishing his Psycholinguistics final.
My fios is fine.
so young.
What year was that?
no matter what or where I was.
I supported n was 100
Your icon is a poster on my wall!
Bretana
haha me to!
But I'm still confused...
Lol I'll believe it when I see it :
I've been doctoraming of this show all day!
sounds like a kin of night!
Is getting ready for the Ort show on Sunday.
Please stop by my booth and register to win a RIU vacation.
TONIGHT: KUAF Fulbright Summer Chamber Music Festival  St.
Paul's Episcopal Church, 7:30 p.m.
The public is invited to attend.
It's Wednesday!
You know what that means, 10 off all bottles of wine for
I know nuts...Van Pelt just mentioned it, but they are waiting on more confirmation...
Not really.
I'll still pull for them in the AL, but haven't really been a fan since Pedoctor left.
In nat mood..finna make sum popcorn then watch a scary movie on my laptop
Holiday shopping is done, but I'm still finding more stuff to buy and buying it.
Now I'm over budget.
Shucks.
: Ever just feel like you're in a bit of a funk?
No.
I'm a winner.
nowplaying John Coltrane Blue Train.
Thurs 2/9 will be conducting a few fan interviews at 730pm w/ Col.
Bruce for an upcoming DVD about WSP WoodTour
i love all my followers
lol tell me where it happened and I'll tell you of you're right
southpark always makes me smile.
butters just shot a guy in the dick and they raped indiana jones.
Anyone have any idea how long it's supposed to take to find a computer file?
Someone must've done research on this.
right?!:D  thankyoou: im following yoou back too:b
Gsa's Katie Lewin: Fedoctormp is not procurement, it's security.
Great column today.
I guess my response to 58 is glass halffull: expected it would be more of them who would say that.
See Friendship is my favorite Facebook feature because I'm bad at stalking and I need help
Not a fan of apps trying to take over and self post junk.
I already have no control over things as is!!!
Either way my hate4her would b worth whatever shit my reaction got me in2 lol  I'm not2good2really slaughter her,anymore.
You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
worse, bankruptcy.
Acct stole big .
Had no credit to start again.
20 yrs later they are more successful than ever
I was going to buy one too, but didn't RT : Megamillion hit in Baltimore County...are you sharing with fav aunt?
RT : Any soccer fans out there?!
Friday and Saturday of German Fest this year, there will be a soccer tournament in......
Ok contact us at contactdesirablemag.com with more info.
Thanks for checking us out.
We are born into the world of nature; our second birth is into the world of spirit.
Bhagavadgita
Really want to try this Orange Leaf place!!
going 2 get my m.r.i.
today
oh my gosh that's great!
congrats :
Monitoring post will be coming out wednesday or thursday this week,the latest.
Just making screen shots  the major bullet points
much appreciated!!!
Happy birthday!!!
Oh thank u :
RIGHT ON BROTHA!!!
LOVE YOU USO
no it's not.
You're dumb.
SOMEONE NEED TO GET ME BLAZED....
I can't explain the amount of happiness and excitement I have right now!
I'm finding it so hard to work!
living the doctoram and looking forward to a great race in Kansas!
Hope you are having a great week.
Oh yea, they're running quite an operation over there nowadays.
How did you feel about the school after graduating?
Don't talk to twitter....talk to me
high school or college?
im truly inlove
I want copies of either one if somebody has em.
is far too talented and stunning to only have 102 followers.
And as always: puzzled that writers can imagine a future where sexual object choice is unimportant, but where everyone is still monogamous.
11 picks for tomorrow!
Get all 11 for 25!
Great price for a great hot streak at 208.
PayPal to
Kevin Cronin from REO Speedwagon turns 60 today.
He creeps me out just a little bit.
Like you have to do what makes you happy cause in the end whos there?
you.
Awesome day!
Great class kickoff!
Thanks to everyone that donated to the Japan relief efforts and got a great workout in the process.
NP.
This is a harder than I thought.
I often forget the small gestures that are no less kind than buying groceries
NEW SONGS ARE UP!
Very excited our Builder Exchange Event is getting great response!
join us www.exchangeevents.com/builder
you coo too :
Where she's gonna grow up, what school she's gonna go 2, her setup 4 college, her insurance, her health, her dental health...
dude what up?!
Attempting to bake vegan banana nut muffins tomorrow, anyone want the recipe?
so...
We live here now ; be on the lookout!!
Ever wondered who you'll be without the fat gut, the fast food, the fear and bad habits?
The answer is: You will finally be you!
OK, BREAKING: Standard  Poor's has also downgraded the SDUSD credit rating to AAminus.
The outlook for the district is negative.
I was just thinking that!
they just mean the Adobe part ;
Oh, what's up twitter?
I wish you knew :/
Wish furthur was wrapping up fall tour at MSG instead of in indy this monday...
Last show before NYE in SF is going to be epic
I thought the current issue was like that, but put a real gem at the very end:
would do not sell any Illegal substances on our website.
We do sell ProHormones, yes, but no Illegal steroids!
pit stop for the nignt  lebanon, indiana.
We are safe.
Good night, peeps!
My plan is to hit all the ministates at some point, so I'd say go for both.
So far all I have is Luxembourg.
dude, wait 'til the end of the season, we'll see.
they got beaten by the bucks twice :
Are you pinning away on ?
We would love to follow you!
RT with your name so we can pin away together!
:
If your not gonna fck with me I'm not fckin with you..
Well almost passed out in cooking...
What fun.
Breaking News!
I JUST SAW A DUCK.
just thought i needed to put that out there
ThmisterKno: 666mister of the Beast n Revelation is ancnt numerology IDs the bad guy,  meant Nero.
2Day it pts 2 Cute Purple DinosaurBarney!
And the nicotine from your room is starting to leave your lungs.
true, but if you didn't get FW in your Adobe bundle, Image Alpha is free.
free is always nice..
check me out bro...we should do some pics with u in my pools.
Hit me up...9724398003
The airport is one of my favorite locations.
You're right on with Summerfest though.
Good morning!
Music always seems to help me wake up!
Tonight on 10 on ABC5 Wellmark customers upset over rate increase and a homeless youth center loses major funding, plus your forecast!
plasm0desmata For me it's probably The Waiting Room or Oveime Is A Crime.
Dan watoap
You stand with workers you cannot lose!
ATTN ALL FOLKS: Tonight's dareproject development session canceled due to snow.
why wouldn't the rams trade the pick.
Think of the team they could put around Bradford with the picks they get for RG3.
Hi Matt  congrats on the launch!
I've been talking with Chris this week.
musictomyears : RT : I'll admit it ...
I am craving something fierce!

all in one presentation at
i cant believe i missed it!
:
Thanks for the recent listings Vicki!
Looking forward to communicating on here!
baaahhaaa ewww.
SO not worth it...
Sometimes all it takes to change your outlook is a fresh perspective from a dear friend.
Hell yeah, I'm going out tonight to see you even if it means going out alone
Tonight I'm into breaking up somebody's heart.
a promise is somethin i dont make if i cant keep it
Happy Friday Everyone!
Not in the mood for school
I want to see on Thursday so much!
But I'm scared I'll feel like Angry Pregnant Old Lady at the concert.
Vash, do you ever plan on doing a playthrough on R.A.G.E ?
Ive always felt it was not up to anyone else to make me give my best.
A.
Olajuwon
Engagement is multifaceted involving sustained participation, narrative buyin, critical reflection  heightened enjoyment
Really in the mood to eat a girl's face.
I made a record bowl yesterday.
Tomorrow I'll give u the instructions on how to make it
Harpool: Online learning will continue to thrive because schools need online opportunities to show that they are innovative  current
And if you dont have a digital subscription, you get 15 articles free, but their sports section is almost too good not to subscribe.
Why pay all the overhead for establishing a best practice during easy times only to give it up when the going get's tough.
Hi, Tonie.
So sorry  can we reschedule?
An unexpected library instruction class came up.
Next week?
what's going on
To whom shall I go?
John 6:68
Awwh I miss you too.
Sup Danny!
Your A Singer WHy You Acting And Your Super CUTE!
omg.
yes.
How about May 11th or 12th?????
i wanna dance with strange old men...
FlyMeToLondon so I can at least breathe the same air as my boyss xx
Nice to see you still up, so what's up?
HELLO 'burgh...yunz...goodness...haven't heard that in years:
Nice!
We take our Superman of Truckload !
RT : If I had to pick a superpower,I'd pick the Hulk.
I need to clean my room and pack.
I'd love to see Chicago!
I'm still reppin' the Saints.
eclairs sound very good!
what kind?
Good, but yikes?
Psychopath?
the school year went by suppppeeerrr fastt.
Is wikipedia addiction communicable?
I think I picked it up.
RT : doctornk better this weekend w/ our 3rd Annual Battle of the Big Cabs tasting!
Get the details
Special: 1 dozen wrapped roses 9.99  buy one get one free  while supplies last!
We're open 'til 5:30 p.m.
two finals today just happy tomorrow the last day;
Woah, since when can you edit the transcription in Google Voice.
That is handy!
Lies dont mess up the relationship's, hoes mess up the relationships!
On the Table: 1 oysters will be offered .
Each week we will feature different oysters from both east and west coasts.
Shooting a gun causes
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.Elbert Hubbard
Noo way!!!
Are they studio or solo beats?
I watched the game and Perkins did an admirable job late on Bynum.
When Kobe got it cats stood around watching.
Do SouthernHistory Archivists count?
Psalm10:1718You hear O Lord, the desire of the afflicted..defendig the fatherless and the opressed, in order that man...may terrify no more
: Whoooooooppp!!
We got 1!
IJustWantItAll That's right...written for a rockstarr
A bit sad I am not at cla12.
The NPR librarian is the keynote speaker.
I am jealous.
You lying !
all the things i've needed to do but have been procrastinating i will for sure do tomorrow.
At ALDS game in Arlington mid centerfield with Cody,Coach Alfred and his dad.
Ballpark is packed
N.I.
09  tip from David Murphy of Better World Books for social entrepreneurs: ensure that 'Mission Survives Exit!'
Thanks so much.
3 love you too!
We've been having a twitter withdoctorwal ,but enough about us !
Who preordered 1Girl ?!
We've joined the countdown with !
something is going down.
It will rain next Monday.
:
6am is way too early for a Friday call time.
Just sayin'.
When your ex is so nice to you and still thinks yourr gunna get back together.
:/
im gonna blow up your FONE !!!!
kk?
katy !!
:D
Apple needs testers for the iPad with a built in camera.
So logically, they've reached out to only my most obscure friends.
I'm going to CrossFit Sun in Poway.
Loving it so far  you should definitely give it a try!
Lots of places offer a free week too.
It would be nice if they would have confirmed the oil level with you.
It is something that has worked well for our business.
Be on the look out for That Miami Fast Life Street Album...
Brer Rabbit  our greatest trickster hero, now swept under the rug.
RT Name a Disney character you think deserves more credit.
Really?
What's the link?!
new client in London for the opening of
RT : On with Michael Hagerty in a few minutes talking about the latest acquisition by 88.7 FM
dang!
You're lucky you don't have to go to school lol
Vanessa Lunnon is performing in Getting Out by Marsha Norman this Friday August 21st at 8:00p.m.
For tickets visit www.lyrichyperion.com.
I'm w/ u coach van gundy
Happy Friday David!
Have a great day!
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a wish, not a hope, but a keen pulsating desire, which transcends everything.
N.
Hill
lol i don't understand why pp change their icon or BG after months .lol
SAY SOMETHIN IS PLAYING RIGHT NOW, HOLY FUCK.
I can just see you saying, 'GET INSIDE ME, BOY!!!!'
Night Wayne sweet Thanksgiving doctorams!
Hope your hotel pillows are comfy :
As online gaming improves, and mobile gaming explodes, we'll see much more than a pricewar in the traditional games console market  watch.
About to go summer shopping finally...
it finally got hot lol
I find that most men would rather have their bellies opened for five hundoctord dollars than have a tooth pulled for five.
Do you have a strict NoCooking policy on Fridays?
If so head down to Smashing Tomato!
We have salads, pizzas, desserts and more!
cough cough quit blowing your smoke our way, minnesota!
I'm closing up for the night.
Words of wisdom: The more summer clothes you buy, the less you have to bring down from the attic!
via
Welcome to new partner whose partnership with Benjamin Banneker Academy focuses on career preparedness programs to students!
Good morning!
got them!
Have about 10 songs to pick from for an EP.
Darkest Days
Post Script: Seven starters took the mound the final month of the season and went a combined 413 with a 7.15 ERA
see you on the field sunday lil homie
the interview!
It went pretty good...
that's cyber bullying
Thanks!
Hmm, yeah, does look kinda weird.
But then I clicked on your pic with cute tiny mad Juniper: better than brittle!!
Why can't i be pretty ?
The magical world is a world of endless transformations w/ obscure causes.
Nothing is forever when seen through magic spectacles.S H Sharpe
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other one thing.
Abraham Lincoln
so this dude is really on the bus  A DAMN PERM IN IS HEAD !!!!
freezing cold right now!
I doctorve tonight.
When does THAT happen?
And when are you visiting!?
maybe you shouldn't be on them so much ;D
I have an ear ache and it's killing me.
Owee.
I Don't Get Why It's Takes Some Of Friends Like An Hour To Text Back A Smiley Face .
Lol
sorry, that was meant for original poster.
can Robert Sacre play in the NBA?
Starting to get used to life in the DC metro area.
Now hopefully I can start finding some clients.
you just retweeted a fake account, I wonder whose nudes those actually are
: Hey Social46  what's your favorite Indy restaurant  why?
wants to know.
Easy one to answer:
hey its me from FB!I love ur musici wuld DIE if u followed me!btw u r soo CUTE!i wish i culd meet u but i live in hawaii:
Alas, I can't follow it seems because he blocked me.
I have no idea why.
Don't care either.
Was just surprised I wasn't following
JUST BECAUSE YOU OWN EQUIPMENT AND HAVE A COUPLE OF BUDDIES THAT LIKE TO JAM DOESN'T MEAN YOU SHOULD BE PLAYING OUT
: : why are you not verified??
I'm not famous humble but yea skydigg is celebrity status
them real words bruh
And whirled peas RT : Oklahoma City the only place in the world that boos World Peace
please tell me y not
Opening band for Old 97s is a jangly band in denim from Montreal.
Ted does not approve.
They have strobe lights.
Do work with my best bud d
Midlist is the bottom of the pile, all right.
I eat meat, but I don't eat it every day.
Not for any particular reason, though.
Hope you enjoy it.
IWishYouKnew how i feel when you act like you don't care.
VST Instrument: Success with the refactoring!
Pitch bend, modulation, portamento functional again after being busted by matrix work!
I did...Is something supposed to happen haha
Well done Tim Tebow.
The guy just knows how to win.
Amazing.
I have never read so much shitty fiction as I have since getting an ereader.
Rooster gots all the luck 
Officially signed up for the mayor's cup 5k in germantown march 18th!!!
LOVE LA!!!!
Lucky Girl!!
You could've at least written in a credible name.
comes to mind  even though he's a Dem.
YES!!!!!!!!
I'll let you borrow it when I finish :D
I wish I was 18!
what up stranger
Tstorms blew in and forced us to delay and take cover in classrooms with no Internet reception
Being in this whorish town I would have thought finding nylons with a seam down the back would have been easier.
Ahh, yes!
I'm not sure yet, I asked her when they're available.
:
life doesnt hurt until,uve had time to think about how things have changed,who youve lost along the way,and how much of it was your fault:I
I am!!!
My dad has a half season ticket plan we sit in sec 30 row 30.
I'm sure I've seen ya before.
cant speak to CNN coverage.
generally stay away.
but one can't discuss the inequity of his tax rate w/o refer.
to his wealth
Maybe Amazon wants to hire for childoctorn's reprints.
: My Spanish skills improve under the influence of alcohol.
FUNNY but TRUE!!!
I'm do sick I feel like I'm going to die D: someone talk to me please
lunch monday for keygivingbacksies?
how's that for a legacy huh?
can't wait to see gangstersquad looks amazing
We're inextricably academically bonded.
TransAmerican Indians4Lyfe
haha I'm soo happy :D I just got here and can smell the ocean water and what not 
I hope everyone is having a great and safe holiday season.
Another day, another rumor that the are up for sale.
Only this time them and the must be annoyed.
Long eight hour shift at the parttime job today...Jesus give me strength!
I've seen that movie.
With Niles from Frasier.
A friend recommended it to me earlier this year.
Great, weird movie
There ya go Campana.
I get called weird a lot and always take it as compliment cuz everyone says Im a great person to hang with :D
What took me so long to get that Ambition?!
If you aren't a robot after you score, you will get a technical foul.
Tyson Chandler just found that out the hard way.
I dont understand Valentines day!
I really dont but yet again im only 9 so yeah.
k gonna do it xo
Thanks to and others for calling a Tweetup tomorrow at 6:00pm at Belly up to the bar, mates!
I'm a beast with a golf club.
Brilliant piece of witing in today.
Also, hey, welcome to 's BootCamps!
We're so excited to have you here!
:
Stronger should be number one this week
Work for the fun of it, and the money will arrive some day.
Ronnie Milsap
So good!
RT : nom My first experience with Persian food is so far really good thanksMSFT
RIP Adam Yauch, MCA.
We will always fight for our right to party in your honor.
So far so good, thx!
I'll be on BioCh  DiscID in June.
Waiting on Boardwalk Empire to call
so wheres fendi still in Hawaii
Excited abt opening on Mon!
Stay tuned for my posting!
RT!
oh it was good
Who wants to be our 225th Twitter follower!?
Please RT to help us reach our goal!!
don't wow me.
I don't like going places in the middle of the night when I'm already tired
I got Oscars but I'm not an actor I got albums but I'm not a rapper
Thanks Joe!
so...
ska today?
have a wonderful surprise for u!
; promise.
so glad to have you!
you got it!
Happy to help out, Give Camp is an excellent event!
MT : Follow for livetweets from tomorrow morning's otter celebration!
Adorable pics, otter trivia, and more!
RT : Your circumstances don't make you, they reveal you.
How you respond to the life God offers you is what makes you.
Deep
Love does not envy
That's my favorite show of all time, if you ever need somebody to geek out with!
ha lmao good luck with that lol ;
BCMG red doctorss ???
no im from there and I live here now
hey hey
If you need to make excuses for not doing something, you didn't want it that much in the first place.
Every time I buy from Living Social or Groupon I have to go back in  remove myself from the email list.
It's really annoying.
so tired

yep.
That was a decent 2025 minutes of fame.
not with chocolate :P
Yes, I'm following your tweets, I'm majoring in English and am interested in your writing and screenplays.
All the best to you
The meaning of free for Web applications
I Notice A Lot Of People Like Their Chicken Fried Hard
When the desk in front of you doesn't have a basket underneath.
don't forget!!
JOIN US tonight at Wicker Park 1469 3rd Ave, fundoctorising event, CHEAP doctorNK SPECIALS w/5 donation at the door
I'm in a great mood today!
It is kinda weird because today I've got a literature test.
Oh well!
Awkward :p
Matthew 5:9 9.Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the childoctorn of God.
Whoa and she has a bf
Tebow......I'm speechless
What a great think to have to think about just before Christmas.
stressed out
ATown Veteran by ColeHart is a five star rating on Amazon.
Find out why.authors Atlanta ebook Streetlit UrbanFiction .
The commercial real estate education continues for ; maybe 2day will be the lucky day to find the best location for us!
: Aura Nightclub is set to party with !
Will you be there?
CINCO DE doctorNKO!!!
Happy Birthday , have a good one!
i had dibs!
thats it we done.
RT : A big man is one who makes us feel bigger when we are with him.
John C.
Maxwell
But Cat Librarian would be the best job ever!
Hard to get them to stay on the shelves, though.
Thanks for reading!
I hate group projects.
Patron wanted books on camp games.
totally informal.
Some are more visual, do the Tumblr.
I'm on twitter lots, so I do that.
Many do facebook.
If you had problems tagging yourself in your Green Man photo, you'll be able to now.
Go ahead and tag those photos!
where to?
yessiree!
: yeee so tempted to go out there and jump on it and then just fall asleep!
man this is the best show I've seen
Thanks for the follow!
Let us know if we can help with your peer review needs!
Cool org!
RT : Chk this out NEED.
www.foodforward.org.
Addoctorssing the need for food in/from our own backyards.
You blocked me on facebook, now you're going to die.
;
Creativity can be described as letting go of certainties
Seriously one of my favorite movies because of the music.
I did too
Capital One  WUSTL's Delta Sigma Pi are sponsoring a Trivia Night  Duffy's 7:45pm CST tomorrow.
500 for winning teams!
: I want to shoot Joffrey with a crossbow twice
No problem.
Looking forward to an concert on May 30
I built my PC...
I like the ease of being able to swap in new hardware.
But a Mac laptop at a dell price?
Perhaps...
Raised beds are in.
just moved 5 tons of soil twice.
Lettuce planted.
Time for the 8 jet tub.
Your salads are so local now.
Artlupie need to make more art and less lupie.
Time to start being proactive!
Off to the gym...Gonna make this a daily thing not a weekly thing anymore!!
Glad you enjoyed it!
THANKS U ROCK GIRL!!!
yes it is
If I'm not too cool to meet your mom you're not too cool to follow me.
See ya soon.
Most feel it is in the control of the man: BULLSHIT!
Find out why before we are destroyed by our own government!
Wake up dumbass!
good quote
My Mommy held me in her tummy for 5 months instead of 9 months, and for that I thank her.
3 I love you with all my  Your my inspiration
Someone asked what the purpose of education was.
How to define that within the limits of a tweet?
See my next tweet for my answer:
I don't want to go to school.
I don't want to go to my choir concert.
My throat is so sore from singing.
WE GOT THE HOUSE call me when you get a chance!
smile, its FRIDAY 3
WE DID IT!!!
Thanks to ALL OF YOU, I have reached 30,000 fans!!
Yayyy!
You guys are amazing!!
Thanks for your support!
Love ya!
3
Getting so addicted to the APP Instagram...
Like before I was addicted to my phone but now I am even more addicted...
3
All good!!
Two sweet words: Satisfactory Lecture.
BE your SELF, Everyone else is already taken!
hahah thaks for the invite but im not flip : howd it go?
COME TO TC :D
Hanging out at The Paper Box, bunch of bands practicing tonight.
yay!can you give hints on when the next chance is so i can plan ahead?gonna ask my whole family to help 
aww y'all are so cute : I have to meet Dylan at Teen Hoot in July this time ahh!
:
Guys, uhm.
We love your Twilight fan fiction.
But no matter how good it is, we can't publish it.
No more, please.
the problem with going to godiva is making them last longer than the day i purchased them.
I want a tumble track at my house!!!!
Needs a nap after an incredible lunch at
good!!!
Haha sweet doctorams
I just learned that Alexander McQueen has died..
I hate when talented people pass...
swag swag swag
..sometimes i wish I had a stunt double
Hey, a pass travelled further than 10 yards.
At least we know one of the QB's in this game is capable of throwing that far.
There's no hangover a Fiji water, a Xanny,  2 arby jr's can't cure.
Oo
do you see any chance of J.Crawford coming to Portland?
Movie quotes and lyrics still connecting us like constellations.
Development version is uncompressed and included all tests.
Good for learning, CDNs  limitedcontrol cases.
With the Cartojet and Cartoblast you can clean and fill any cartomizer for your electronic cigarette in seconds with no mess!
nicapure.com
YEAH!
See if Kevin is there tending bar.
He's the best  he married me  !
the briber toy?
LOL they make those?
Nighty night, keep your butthole tight
Can't wait for The Red Pill tonight.
Really excited to see your space!
It's a badass cover, that's for sure.
What would your song be?
We got hacked!
Our apologies for the spam
Its trippy mane
FTDNA 2010 tree is based on the YCC tree.
That was a beautiful rendition of the Golden Girls theme song.
Chili Chicks are almost to Nashville for CMA Fest.
Come visit us at our meet n greet booth at the Hard Rock Stage Thurs, Fri  Sat.
why is it that the only place I end up being mayor of on foursquare is where I work?
Very sad.
Potential cover office band: Dark Side of the Cube.
I am in your debt.
Have been hoping for an audience with the king for some time, written many requests, etc.
Janollari Reworks the Script at MTV
nutella, bread, cereal, and milk for breakfast since last week
Don't forget to ad GreenNote to your Facebook page!
Help let your friends and family know what you want for graduation.
Yeah.
I've been meaning to ask...
When did we acquire this Tribone outlet?
TriBone sounds like some cut of meat....
Thank you for following me, I will be doing the same.hope you had a good day
3 of 3 And we're passionate about people not only having fun together, but also in figuring out how to solve problems together.
On the phone with him :
Will the doctorma ever end?
His existence irritates the Fuck out of me
Hope you will feel better soon.
What?
Did I miss something!
Hospital with my sister
definitely.
And haha aww.
I would have been very happy to get a Pred.
Now I want to keep looking for one lol.
Fear makes problems look and feel bigger, while actions cut them down to size until they are solved!
AdMuncie.com is new to the Tweet World.
youre younger than me, and you were born in 89 xD
Day 1 of the new diet and lots of writing to do today  productive all round.
Scheduling classes for next year first period
what's on your tablet?
you don't need MMOD do you?
Criticism of President Obama ad on BinLaden killing and Romney is way off base.what's good for the goose is good for the gander
: we need to start a shameless hussy roundtable for ALA.
Then live stream our meetings on the web.
;
Are you remodeling or building a new home we have the products from sky lites, windows  doors.
We have solutions for every budget.
If people get these things and toss them, they wont be eligible.
Why not list the 200,000 owners on BOA's website.
A letter?
Can't wait to watch your Episode!
Good Luck!!
Thunder and lightning!!
Loving this rainy weather..
And by me saying faggot, it has nothing to do with one's sexual preference, rather someone's bitching and complaining.
Cheers.
Happy Winter Solstice
The Oddysey's Adventuristic Quest Music Video
RT : Anybody watching American Dad if they got married n 1996 the girl n college she only 16
I'll use to share my progress during the Nationwide Insurance Columbus Marathon on Oct.
16
I love how HappyBirthdayKidoctoruhl is trending.
Happy early Birthday Justin, Justins 18:
Since YOU said so ;
Area schools without air conditioning need to pay special attention to potential heat index values pushing 95 Monday afternoon
Now that the Vanilla Raspberry Wheat is fermenting, does anyone have an idea of what I should try next?
I need a session beer for summer.
I want them red deions and then Jason kidds
You're welcome!
His name is Graham and I'll be sure to pass your hug along to him.
Ha!
Sounds like a good time AP
help!!!
do i take free polk headphones or free polk speakers for the wife's car?
decisions....
since you were calling devo c devoc i decided to change it.
The parents of two of three boys who were murdered in 1993 in the US have said they are disappointed that a documentary about the killing
Hmm, where have you been searching?
Also, a round coffee table at 42 is HUGE.
: Presents a problem w/ cost of shipping.
Fill in the blank: I can't live without 
Break it all, smash the past like it was made of glass.
remind me again y UR single??,!!
Wow.
Maybe I should make a beer run..2 Canada!
No Crysis 3 on Wii U  Crytek: Crytek director of creative development says fans shouldn't expect to play upcomin...
Wait, I thought she didn't list herself as a minority?
They change the stories faster than we can read them!
wait, what happened?
Operation crib complete!
We're about to see the final three all dolled up!
I can never believe how much more heinous they look off the island w/ makeup on
SAGA THIS FRIDAY NEW SPOT!!!!
Vj Mystik
i think there's something wrong with me.
I'm sorry and im kinda sad : ill talk to you tomorrow
Pittsburgh today for Highmark US Olympic planning session.
Cool brand on the verge of doing big things in the space.
Play Poker, Give to Charity, Meet a Former Local Star Baseball Player  Tucson Weekly Play Poker, Give to Charity, Meet a Former Local St
hope to see you soon for sure!
Wild Thornberry episode clips at work  takes me back to the simple days..
that's not true!
alright?
You can come get them.
I can't believe you are gonna do this
12 minutes of basketball, THE TIME IS NOW!
.....Let's Go Mavs!
Please follow us so I can respond to your direct message!
Thanks!
My bitch so fuckin' right Every night I fuck her twicee
we're so cool we're called the breeze brothers
not as good of a friend as you are youre my boy blue !
Suspect ass nigga
Bye Claire :'
I just finished a 0.79 mi run with a pace of 18'47/mi with Nike GPS.
Not feeling to good at all!
: doctornking tea and going to sleep.
Good night twitter!
xo
Shhhh...
Don't tell: foot massagers in the edu2011 break area.
I may never leave!
I've got a feeling, not the only one
depends on day/dissertation work :/ but that sounds like fun!
so mad under my list page your going ham with the tweets the whole page is you lmao ...you be sayin some sht to
Thanks  we'll try them!
You can't have a vision if you were never taught to see!
yay!!!
hope you had some downtime to revive your soul!!!
xoxo
Attn need Model in Boston area for Thursday!
i bet.
i was in buffalo was like that also
Preforming for the whole school today :/!
I hope I don't mess up!
Wish me all the luck in the world cause I'm S C A R E D :/!
I LOVE YOU LIKE A LOVE SONG BABY 3
Um, LifeWay run.
Wink.
: SO WHAT'S UP WIG YOU TODAY..WAT U GOT PLANNED
ya don't say?
I like those kinds of morning meetings!
Plot away!!
RT : check out
no one lives forever, we will be remembered for what we do right now
Kids doing the day of silence
Excited that is back on!
Subcat: People who do kettlebell swings with bad form.
ITS LIVE!!!!
Checkout the new ReadPrint.com  Over 8,000 online books by 3,500 famous authors at your fingertips!
I see nothing but fortune in that combination.
so im guess'n yo mama hop on yo asx  took the phone again
heyy can yu please follow and let her know i sent yu!
A man who dares to waste on hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
Charles Darwin.
Sorry does not magically erase the wrong a person has done so don't just say it if you don't mean it.
Yayy one more day and ill be back at home ...
coolness.
Thank you!
do you guys promote mendeley to students?
if so, free vers.
or paid?
I'm thinking I'd like to be a flying squirrel ...I really like nuts  They never seem to make it across the roads safely!
Whhaattt?
you weren't already following me?
I'm at the mall.
I'm treating myself to a movie on my day off.
I'm not telling which.
anyone know of ohio contributors to the beat, post beat movement?
d.a.levy comes to mind, but no one else.
DM me your email and I will send to you !!
xo
: I think its time for bedgreat life.
DC: In the case of Michelle Rhee vs everybody, we find Rhee guilty of being a bitch and sentence her to pack her shit and get out!
Doing a tattoo study in the office today!!!
I love the research part, new and improved tattoo removal!
I think I just nutted
Are you surprised Beckett is throwing 9091 Mph?
Obviously the results are good.
Everyone tries so hard to be an activist and to be a good person nowadays.
Where are all the assholes at?
24hr College Hoop Marathon?
And the Horns play today??
I'm just gonna go ahead and call this Tuesday off....
Do you need help or advice while looking for a new place to live?
People who forward e mail without deleting the tons of previous recipients should be shot and then tarred and feathered.
Cant sleep...
Jenna was def talking 2 A!
powers that be did not like it as much as you did.
:
you going out to the reserve game tonight?
Will do.
Oreo is on my desk now.
hehe!
I just got back from running!
Its so rejuvinating...hope u heal quickly!!!!
yeah, I liked it a lot.
Not as funny as Tina Fey's but good.
How's the little one cooking?
PayPal is probably your best bet.
to accept CC's you need SSL etc, you'd need a full store.
otherwise its insecure
dear cashier: there's sorta a reason why they call it the express lane
I am looking forward to coming  visiting your studios!
:
don't scare me like that.
I try to be a good Internet citizen
Oh Derrick Rose....
S/O to all my fellow Vets, We all still soldiers just the battlefield has changed for me.
Hanging out with my Buddy :
I learned a secret from a catholic.
All the whispers say, shut your mouth.
Since launching we've helped half million people access 1.5 billion in benefits  services,expanded into 4 new states
yes...we are working towards an additional possible lottery pick of or own that we didn't have to trade to get!
So sad, its over.
Pretty sure my brother is the most ignorant person I know...
But he must be agoodboyfriend because she never goes away.
:/
doctorppin another mixtape soon?
WHO SAID FY NOT WORKING!?!
Probably with a koozie and some pretzels.
if Twilight was a political race I would have a lot more visitors to my site.
Especially my target demographic of 1215 yr old girls
This is what I get for stop talking to the best guy I have ever met!
Come check out the Wiley one and a life of science tonight at martini ranch it will be my last show in AZ for a long time!!!
Follow me please :
yea :D
Thanks Lindsey!
We're glad you like it.
Last day this offer will be available.
25 for One Month of Unlimited Tanning Services at U Tan.
www.dealoria.com
The difference between agencies is the difference in their standards!
AskBieber what's your restaurant to eat at??
i wonder how my bday gone b because if everything go like i want it to it has the potential2 b the best 1 ever
wanna go to the brewers cubs game this Friday.
I think I'm gonna buy tickets
The Mexican writer Carlos Fuentes has died.
R.I.P.
I couldn't be anyone else if I tried!
Love you.
My dad is so bad a Doctor...Cowboy...Pilot.
Couldn't ask for a more perfect fatherinlaw for Rickey today.
Pray for rehab access for us.
You're not even worth the skin of my knuckleheads, junior
you're so kind!
:
Theres really nothing greater than being your own boss and working your own hours!
Now marathoning Misfits on Hulu.
Great series.
....wow...is the mister.
Is with child?
A blessed tribeCongrats ;
Pandas are black and white because they eat only Oreos.
True story...
At the W like the redesign
I live in LA, but a canuck indeed, born in Montreal.
Miami here I come.
Thanks for the mention, appreciate your support of a Twitter newie
But I fucked that food up at her house lol
Grapes are my favorite fruit.
They are so delicious!
Hi, I wrote that post/headline.
It wasn't supposed to be linkbaity at all.
That was the ruling, and how other outlets reported it.
yes, I'll be there.
See you tomorrow.
you know you're a city reporter when publication time stretches well past midnight.
Nice work at council mtg.
Getting ready to sample some beer Nugget, Java, Scratch 59 and 60!
Shopping  Paradise Valley Mall?
Mention this tweet to receive 20 off jewelry repair service!
good luck Jackson!
I disagree.
If you want it, usually you aren't so niche that no one else does.
HERESTOALL I always look behind the shower curtain before I go pee...you know, incase there is a murderer...
i need some guns a third world latin american country.
gets Grimm with actor ReggieLee  better known as SgtWu on the Portlandbased show.
What's it like battling those Blutbads?
This issue of has been the best to work on!
Thanks to everyone involved, and a huge thanks to our team, amazing!
i know and care nothing for football.
but, from what i surmise:
The meetings should have been held on the bus ride this morning?
hey, Jay R sent you a gchat invite, did you see it?
You look like a grown woman but think like a high school girl.
Grow the fuck up and get over your emotions.
I can't stand crybabies
Preparing to start strategic planning meeting for FDLC.
I can only hope the Ravens can pull off a win tomorrow like Michigan did tonight.
Thank you for the support Victoria: RT : Just became a member of the So excited!!
Yeah thats true.So how r u
cleaned around the house all day.
I'm very pleased with myself 
Time is running out to win 1 of 5 books in our giveaway today.
Winners announced 27th Mar 2012.
Your last chance to RT, visit...
RT : Thanks!
: very impressed w/ players.
They worked hard  had great energy.
Beck Center is 1st CLASS
Demi is my inspiration.
her BIG SMILE made me STRONGER!
:D
Can my account be reset some how?
maybe that will fix the problem.
but would I lose all my history if that is done?
Along the Korean DMZ, the talk is of looming danger  but the feel is more tourist trap
I can't tell if Emily Wells reminds me of Regina Spektor or Lily Allen or just something better
I wish I had a mister Wizard.
He'd say, doctorzzle, doctorzzle, doctorzzle, doctorme, time for this one to come home and it would all be better.
Do people use the word honky anymore?
life as currency.
considering the exchange rate.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt
4C12 is coming to a close.
Thanks to all that stopped by our booth!
We had a blast!
I need new followers to wake up to in the morning
Foolow me ?
Kisses
It's like an egg white omelette with some tartar sauce on top.
My bad
that awkward moment when your english teacher makes a spelling/grammar error, you correct them,  they give you detention for it..
Connect with us in Cyberland!
It's got the email on it!
umm oovoo sometimes does work on Macs try going to your finder and opening the program and you should be ok.
Get Skype!
FF be sure to follow:
thanks for your notes of support.
It's all about building a community of progresses.
U do so much for SD!
Man staying up late every night been having me wake up mid afternoon smh
knock em dead chick
I'm overrested.
Imma just keep this fishtail in til friday..cuz I don't know how to do another one..lol
what day ?
Hahha
Las Vegas Baby :D
Last day of filming in San Diego for
you're very sweet and you're welcome.
hope your event was a huge success!
I just met a girl named Maria....
Nokia has applied for a patent for vibrating magnetic tattoos to notify users of calls and texts.
is stoked about an awesome meeting I had this morning...
and the coffee...
that adds to my stokedness
Thank you so much for your donation and your love and support!
And for being pretty goddam radical!!!
Finished the week with 43.5 miles.
514 miles so far in 2012.
congrats, that's awesome!
Definite perk of the job :
Logged into the ebooksummit watching the crowds....
Hope you can make my Ebooks and the Library User Experience panel at 3
Youknowshestheone if she sings with you in public
Pennsylvania  save for Pittsburgh  Philly UGH!
Very conservative, backwards and SCARY I'll take high taxes NY any day.
But man, despite his riches, does not endure; he is like the beasts that perish.
Psalm 49:12
Pretty sure they're open today, closed on Monday.
At least, the Sq.
Hill one is  I assume they're all the same...
yahoo!
nice evening :.
great looking forward to it.
Got to love the entertainment business :D
yeah....I just don't trust the pitching to hold up
included in macquery's settlement.
Not telling you to shut your mouth
THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO DOUBT ABOUT IT..YOU ARE THE BEST ANNOUNCER IN SPORTS EVER.
'off like a prom doctorss' Haa, love it man!
regardless how much  on advertising, or biz markie as a spokesman and snoop dogg music on the commercial.
Sun doctorp tastes like crap.
On to 1x04 of GameOfThrones.
I think Viserys just got lucky by being a supernerd by reciting a lot of doctorgons' names.
Dj powered the mix : did you mix that?!
This Lady Gaga interview on OWN is quite interesting.
I'm like in tears right now.: ur so sweet to ur mom: I love you Justin: 3 BeliebersLovePattieMallette TurnToYou 3
My Rican abuelo said he was watching my people, , on tv!
Lol.
Ever since I moved to LA all Mexican's are my ppl!
Basta ya!
Epilepsy Update underway.
doctor David Treiman from Barrow Neurological Institute speaking now on SUDEP
uhh that was yesterday  yeah!
It's a beautiful Friday lets party :  
I will one day 3 But at least I still have the pier in San Diego!
Have a great day!
FF RT :
TV Casualty.
Yes I, Selassie I know, BIG UP all the FARMER MAN worldwide on 420
shopping trip when you get your big paycheck?
IF only turning my back could be so much easier with you..
followed!: x
Your welcome man!
I'm just trying to reach out to a lot of people to help support me in my racing career!
God Bless!
I don't waste my time impressin people, I ain't gotta prove nothin to you .
I wanna know whos ready for that ft husband or wife REMIX video shout out to FWM CoKeboys haters and supporters ya
If there is anyone near Jackson field near CCA can you tell me if the lights are on?
Is there a game there?
The Igloo would have been proud of us all tonight.
It's spirit finally lives on, in our new home.
He was, but it looks like his sister already answered that for him!
Now hiring in Pittsburgh for Customer Service.
4126456001 www.trgcs.com/joinus.html
Who knew directing a music video would be part of an SLP's work?
It's a form of communication, just through the lens of the camera!
My breakfast consisted of a popsicle, jack in the box chicken nuggets, and gum :
I thought you'd like this, : The Marines: You'll have no greater friend, or no worse an enemy.
I dont mine doing nice things for a hard working women that deserve it.but u all u do is sit on ur ass
In San Diego?
Get to right now!
Stepping Feet rocking it  crazy busy!
Show tweet 4 no cover!
Where will you be located?
Check out www.themissionlasvegas.com for a potential second location in the future.
Pike Brewing Kiltlifter is good stuff.
In The Kitchen Cookin
yeah buddy!
Since you never hand off with the ball two inches from the ground, that wasn't much of a fake.
He doesn't quite get it yet, but soon he will.
Thanks again!
That is Truth Scott ...
Hope you are well ...
Warmly, Jeris
Girl your voice was amazing last night with !
So glad he introduced us to you and your talent!
So beautiful!
Thanks for all your help with the show tonight!
J.
Sotomayor notes there is significant legislative history against SB1070 s work provision.
The big difference is that Art is more of an independent really.
Def not a Dem, he got all his sigs on his own.
HEY, you there
Middlesex.
I probably could have gotten through it faster but I never wanted it to end, so I savored it for awhile.
Any fool can make a baby, But only a real man can raise his childoctorn.
Why would anyone willingly waterboard themselves with a Nettie pot?
Had a wonderful time just doctorving the car.
Feels so good!
Thanks for the follow.
now donating 60 dollars!!!
Five more followers for five more dollars to the stride for the cure!!!
What's your email?
I'll follow up that way...
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
Start making electoral decisions based on policy rather than religion?
post a pic already!
i've been waiting all day!
its nearly 6pm here!
hehe
: what r u up to?
smile.
weird how this made me smile..
Chocolate ice cream and onion milk shakes at all your local Zaxby's
Guy riding a bike on stilts.
Monday you came through, thanks!
hahahah good idea
We are open normal business hours today!
We now have over 80  5 star reviews, and none that aren't!
We are customer service doctorven.
thanks Steve!
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and professorssional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show!
started: Tue, 00:16 PST
RT : TURQUOISE BITS AND BAUBLES: I've grown up with a mother whose jewelry box was always filled with turquoise baubl......
lol shut up!
just take a nap in the gym...
Two birds, one stone
Can someone tell me what's going on at the Apple event?
I care about that much more than the chunky man, er, Governor dominating cable TV
The only way for three people to keep a secret is if two of them are dead.
Benjamin Franklin, O.G.
Who did they play besides an overrated Notre Dame and a Cincy team coming off a 2 OT win that has been up and down all year.
Okay..I was just joking.
:D Kailynn has such great mommies!!
LOVE IT!!
It's a lot of fun and I love the people I work with.
Have you been traveling much lately?
I want dimple piercings like no other.
Oh, and my nose stud.
UGH.
followed :D follow back?
good luck!
Midterm season is here!
: yeeee!
I feel you, hit that hoe david shut up!
indiana doctorvit contractors, indiana eifs contractors , indiana stucco contractors, indiana doctorvit repair, indiana eifs repair, indiana
WiseWordsToLiveBy Cholesterol may mean that no eating contest goes unpunished but not that you're any less AWESOME if u win
clueless?
we need em here in Columbus, you see the zimmerman tag on OSU campus?
before i give a really good deal to a random craigslister, anybody want to buy my pearl set for 450?
Anthony
does it count as most expensive if it doesn't sell?
if so, then to set record why not make it 1M?
Monsters of the Midway are back.
2 TAINTs on Stafford, vicious hits, great day to be a Bears fan.
People always tripping on the ramp leading down into C building.
This is why I wish I were.
np , love u more  but now i am really sorry i've to go :
The eve of christmas eve
that dude's a monster.
Finally got in to twitter again
United Will Lose Money, so Buy the Stock
If you keep lookin in the rear view mirror you'll eventually get in a reck.
for making roast beef political.
At least you're pulling your ads from too, right?
No?
Siri, where's the closest Sonic?
yes that was my gr and mom i was like that hurt
I got Atlanta thinking they seeing ghost..
once again I'm lurking the city wat it do fool
I always get mine from EBAY.
Just watch the sellers ratings.
Never had a problem an they can be had cheap.
TONIGHT here  library...Bill Black will describe how 2011 Pages  Places Book Festival contributes to Scranton as a Learning City.
GBMAA Elite,new Clash of the Titans Champions Was an honour competing with the boys again
Thanks for stealing my best friend.
Broken screen on my phone!
Ugh!
yes, the eyebrow brow at Chandler Mall
The world rarely sees someone who has had the professorund impact he had, the effects of which will be felt for many generations to come.
Gates
writing tonight.
studio tomorow.
got a busy weekend ahead of me
Traitor??
No comprendo.
If you put a space, the hashtag doesn't work.
Looking forward to it!
Wtf why do guys think they got game bwahaha, get ta steppin bro, im spoken fir ya caint touch this!
Going to skool that is totally boring
This might be my favorite thing ever.
Love it!
I need my Connie Britton fix every week.
Dani and I both have a huge crush on her.
I Love How Lil' Wayne Came Just To Do 'The Motto' Twice:
That would bring so many nerds to Vegas that would never have even been motivated to go to Vegas before.
moms comin back home in a min  i havent done nothin she asked me to do ...uh oh...
sorry was having tech difficulties :
Firefighter hurt while battling blaze that destroyed home  WIS
Let Me Put Sme Clothes On I been Sittin In Dis Towel For Da Last Hr !
Living in doctorams of yesterday, we find ourselves still doctoraming of impossible future conquests
Man niggas kill me with this money ain't shit I got it I'm that nigga shit man plz
oh...
Are you a former Canucks fan too?
Hell yeah!
RT My merch came in today!
working a new in flames cover video....should be up real soon!!
Ed
congrats on not falling once!
yayayayay!
: haha
Ups stores always smell like pizza
I am planning on writing a Laurie Notaroesque creative nonfiction memoir/collection of short stories.
are you camping out?
X
haha  indeed!
This is what happens when you let developers talk to people
You guys planning online orders for those of us impatient or too poor to travel to Vegas or CA?
Adlai E.
Jr.
Stevenson Man does not live by words alone despite the fact that sometimes he has to eat them.
oh i just i like to rebel against the person on the other side of my mention loll
Canadians Join Nashvillians For Flood Relief  File: /data/app/webapp/functions.phpbr /Line: 7br /Message: Can
lol yes cases of it!
I'll be sure to what kind of Pinot grigio, too!
I'll have another : doctornking mint juleps or margaritas today?
Both good options!
Happy Derby Day  Cinco de Mayo!!
Where do you post your fic?
Could I have a link?; Fic for a fic?:
I went and did it...50 years later
Come to any GRIND and help support Make A Wish Foundation stating Nov 07 to Nov 11.
Not pink slime but, ...lean finely textured beef.
Right....
A war against terrorism is more like a war against poverty, or a war on doctorgs.
We know how THOSE 2 wars turned out.
9pm 89.3
Are you excited to come back to San Diego on June 13th For the Del Mar Fair :D I'm excited 3
When you can't have something, you just want it more.
cant wait to see my crew
Here's something you don't want to give your audience/market: too much freedom.
It's overwhelming  not engaging.
4 days later I'm running an hour late cause I didn't set the clock in the bathroom.
dst noone will believe me.
alkaline trio makes me happy
Beautiful work as always, WindBlower!
Thanks for including us in your GIS companies Daily!
RT : Thanks for following and Happy Friday to you!
RT If you want to be Niall's princess.
ok i thought u and adam ran away i was worried i txted u
Thanks for the follow Heidi!
I'll be back in Indy soon  hope to see you!
Strong standards are great.What's next to increase transportation choices so ppl have to buy less gas?
2nd hand diamonds are the answer to responsible mining.
More than enough already out there
Gravedigger when you dig my grave could you make it shallow so that I can feel the rain.
omfg that was amazing!
Your Welcome!
If I had a nickel for every time ATT doctorpped a call, I could afford a Verizon bill.
Problem solved!
;
Would you be available next Weds night for an appearance on the FBALL Podcast?
I'm so gangster I'm so thug, you're the only one I'm doctoraming of
I'm in!
Kind of want to see the Women Silversmith exhibit too.
thank you
Best nap ever, very needed and deserved.
But I missed lab 
Woke from a very distinct doctoram in which I got in the car and was elated to see that the gas tank was full.
Tip: Don't sneeze or cough in your hands.
I guarantee you'll touch something or someone w/o realizing you're passing germs right after.
Gr8 2 read ePrdctn hourQ: how much time is spent guiding client thru platform decision?
Or do they come 2U knowing what they want?
occupyla labor committee is having a press conference at 4:30 Monday, south steps city hall.
you pay for clean water.
The VJ era is FINALLY over!
chocolate milk makes me happy.
why do you say that?
can I get a refill of dat TriggaKush please 
Cool thanks...thinking about getting one...not sure if I want the 3G with it
Actors  career at a standstill post pilot season?
Get ACTive in the summer by using Actsophia to find a class, seminar or new casting!
Planning to attend CDM Eastern Mtg.
Hope to see you there.
pretty sure you could've told me the day I came over.
thanks, glad more people can appreciate it!
:
I see FP's global thinking hangs well to the right!
this girl went out with jonathan i guess
hope you only need one
the yanks did work tonight boston who??
lol bout to do some work on the website.
its lookin amazing.
How bout them cowboys tonight??
The allnew Lincoln MKX is also the first vehicle to ever be equipped with the new MyLincoln interfacing system
I am in a self loathing mood right now.
Grrrrrr.
fair bet that the milky way is the most immoral/lawless galaxy though
I cant stand Tami big ugly bully ass!
Auto Response: Thanks for your message, please contact us Toll Free 1.800.540.6197 email: http://
I still Got it for Ya
You should let her know, she's !
thanks, i'l definitely have a look.
Do you use this app much?
Back to Business.
Steve Madden?
i need doctorssy, silver/gray flat shoes ASAP.
anyone have any good suggestions?
is chillin' after a day of shooting the cover story for the October issue of Instinct Mag.
ill have 40 before the days is over!
Sometimes it's hard managing family time n a career but if u love something there's always sacrifices to be made.R u man enough to make them
: When an Aquarius commits, they commit for life
College Internships this Summer  NYC when to start the process?
Now!
U guys rock
Band is starting come see!!!
shh, I want pity!
Hey DKNY, no animal should die for fashion.
Fur is dead!
Promoting vegan fashion is all the rage.
Do you really enjoy wearing meat?
have the perfect item for you.
A parking ticket which tells it like it is.
I am sure you have seen it before?
I am, shoot me an email at about your idea.
I doubt will ever notcie me, but im crying right now because i dont have a ride to go 2 hours away 2see him in WI.
ILOVEYOU 3
Sometimes the strongest people in the morning, are the ones that cry themselves to sleep at night.
Louise antm British invasion
what are you doing on twitter at work??
I have purchased a hookah.
Umm...
MT the fact that thirteen people can still frighten a massive company like Facebook says a lot about our industry.
Let the music take you away!!!
I don't get my girl take all the time to put on make up and doctorss up..
I'm satisfied with sweats and a hoodie:
The funeral will not be televised, RIP GSH.
: Obama's last SOTU has concluded.
Awaiting Republican response by You def.
think his LAST?
:
Going the extra mile for our customers is common practice..
Let us show you how customer service should be.
Call us on 0844 880 2010
Still wondering about academic shibboleths.
What were yours?
People will do some irritating shit to get ahead oh a person with a cane
: I do answer Qs from public while livetweeting.
Have to be careful not to express opinion in responding.
So I got to memories 20 pages in 5 min aw what they do give it to me 1 day before fucking dump assess no saying names  I need money
Hey Apl, how are you?
:D reply please!!
I'm told that there is much discontent among the masses in Mexico.
Porfirio Diaz, by the aid of the soldiery, keeps the people subservient.
This is me not tweeting.
Nah nah nah nah nah.
You gotta support those who support you, that's a support system
My Book of Mormon challenge with my daughter is going strong.
She is still ahead of me but I will catch up.
34VersesPerDay is awesome!
You forgot this..coolio.
Word GMoney.
She's the Man is my favorite movie ever.
3
U gettin bigger and bigger lls
Happy 19th Birthday Darnell I wish you many more to come and I pray your day is filled with blessings
We've been a bit MIA recently.
What's new in the photography Twitter world?
FF Baltimore's second pick of the night, Kelechi Osemele!!
thesand recruit me bitch!!
hard work paid off!!
Very well deserving of a celebration!
zagalums!
I'm too sexy for Twitter?
Oh no!
US Open finals and WCOOP 23.
Rafa hasn't lost a set all tourney but Novak played amazing to beat Fed.
Predicting Rafa wins career GS in 5.

and by that i mean she would pretend shes stupid and has no idea what i am talking about and blame something on me D:
take a photo of Oktoberfest and upload to  be compensated :
IKEA Duvet Covers  duvet covers ikea
A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.Maya Angelou
ThrowbackThursdays going down the kent every Friday for family fun night then going to 's house to watch Third Watch.
got it hooked in contacts.
You posted a French song on the blog in a post abt Paris..can't find it.
Help
ok the Ronald Mcdonald clown always scares me but i believe McDonalds should keep him
I am in 3 with my down time.
;
How do you feel about Rom Coms, and let us know about your first dates, and long term relationships!!
.
Yeah hes got em in gladiator movie
Trying to upgrade phones, ugh!
NewRulesofCivility 75.
Do not critique others meal choices.
to appear on MPTV's 4th Street Forum Friday.
Topic: Stellar Health Care: is it Possible?
If only my cat could go get me Sudafed and coconut water.
Good morning Albuquerque let's get printing!
Hey lovely Lola.
What's new with you?
All is well in SF.
It's ClevelandPark patio madness!
Catch rays at Ardeo  4Ps !
that sounds like an absolute blast!!
Trivia Tuesday!
how many states allow recall elections??
So psyched for NAB.
Can't wait to check out all the cool stuff in person.
thank you very much for the ff mention.
We really like what you're doing as well!
fosho my boy is supposed to set up a meeting
what year can i take that?
LOVING THE DENVER WEATHER!
Im starting to understand what Rock Stars feel like on tour..4th hotel in 6 nights...where the hell am I?
poppinoff at tonight!
Early morning workout with then photo shoot with and
Jake Scott issues a MedEd call to action.
Med schools are now setup to reject imagination.
Change it to unleash creativity.
If only you could see
This girls feet are super huge ....
No, complete shock RT : Never would I have thought that he'd be gone so soon.
I don't think any of us were ready to hear that.
Spilled a full flyingdog  camdenyards.
Very bummed
Just got a damn ticket in pops slow ass safari jeep,couldn't get away if I tried
Merry Christmas to you and your family.
hahahahaha.
That'd be crazy sht.
glad to help.
the moment you realize you want to be succesful just so you have enough money to buy all the shoes you want...
Just might have to do that...
Someone mentioned Caesars was booked solid this week, must be why.
I been busy
For 6th season show the real GG.
Let's see the show through her eyes  stop yoyoing characters into unrealistic relationships
Camera Fun Time.
Direct your subject to center stage, to stick out chest  both arms,  stop traffic...
with authority!
Shoot it on 1 knee.
Anarchy UK: Arab springs into hot Brixton summer.
www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/lawandorder/8630533/Riotstheunderclasslashesout.html
hard rock on tulsa is nice.
YOU'RE SO BAIN
Random: it hurt more when my ex texted a girl good nite baby than it did when he decided he wanted to see other ppl
yes.
I appreciate that even when you are off work u take the time to sit amongst actors and hear their stories.
Yum!
Though I've never learned to embrace grits even though my dad ate them every day growing up.
Happy mom's day!
Mend the first break.
Kill the first snake.
And conquer everything you undertake.
Getting bored with ncaafinals?
Make new plans quickly with
Love unique approach of Next Exit History.
Recommend checking out free iphone/ipad app w/ similar idea  gaming elements
now that is a way to start off game
sad but true..but here in Northern va there's a GYM and a starbucks on every corner
Not feelin to good today
Say what you will about Starbucks, but I like having a place to go where I can be certain I'm not the most pretentious person in the room
thanks stilt, I didn't land that.
How u ballin these days?
Gettin buckets?
Dimes?
Cookies?
Back picks?
Breasts are heavy.
I want to be a B cup.
Although, on score of including nonelites, is DNB much better, proportionally?
Yes.
I need bonding time with my gay boy.
Have friend staying with me as she finishes her dissertation.
I'm a good buddy to have, as someone approaches the finish line.
Just waiting on decks from , , and one other nontwitter person now.
I need them NOW, people.
Some ppl really get on my nerves ...
1 more week until Easter!
Which author will be the best bartender?
That's the real question to addoctorss.
An SSD it is then!
But how do you find the blogs for the list?
There are so many topics one could be interested in.
unfortunately no :, but we do offer take out
Ouch.
But I like where you're head's at.
Thanks for the tweet!
Buyer beware, needs to do a little digging on the companies they promote
I enjoyed the convo earlier and happy to help!
Everybody don't forget its break doctorss code day!
Wear anything and everything that breaks doctorss code.
get ready to be floored by this remix from the late 80's im workin on!
don't worry Federer you are still my second favorite tennis player.
A week later...sorry I'm such a twit.
What's up random people?
Gimme some words.
Hard to not smile watching these badd boys!
Yes, Devil's Due.
Closing in on the midpoint.
Got the keys to my very own place son
FF because i would spend money on party rocking tonight when i come and see him!xD
i dig that, so where the real fans at??
standup
AH still get excited like its the first time :
I think we're the only lame country fans in this town who didn't go.
and me out of all people?
oh the irony.
its a new dawn, its a new day, its a new life, and im feelin good.
The 'very important' news doesn't go on B2.
But this was more interesting than some stories that do go on B2.
Im never gonna eat 7 eleven taquitos again Never!
If I can make it there, I'll make it big anywhere.
: Hi Matt,I'm fine thank you
CEO Kathleen Feely We have to organize our technology so that we don't need to duplicate work.
Terrible experience today, 25 minutes to make 4 sandwiches?
The half hearted Sorry for the wait didn't begin to cover it...
Argh, I gotta bug someone about that.
funfactaboutme im ocd about making good grades.
90's and 91's piss me off.
May the odds be ever in your favor!
A good friend lets you crash on his couch even tho u called am doctornk and a mess.
But my coworkers keep blowing up my phone so that means they need me at work 
Follow Back
If Rhymes comes to plate again and Cats leading, they have to walk him..
Keep us updated
RT The correct way to exercise each body part for maximum benefit.
What he said RT : Y'all need to be following her  RT : For the sake of MY future, you're going to vote for Mitt Romney
Just curious, what is everyone's favorite blogs?
Working on a blog makeover!
And a fabulous new post sometime this weekend :
Carry me home tonight
If there's anybody who deserves good things it's you.
You earned it, Cheryl.
2011icf Even the best elements cannot succeed in a toxic environment  NASA Session
me too imma hit the sheets night SafeSexWednesday and StandGrand:
Waiting For Damon and Elena
watching freaky friday
LORD, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth!
Psalm 8:1
Who's gonna be on my tram?
RT Trivia tonight with !
7:30p
thats awesome : from where??
DASER Rothenberg is there a way in which abstract art will help us see nature in a new way?
My comment re wrongful convictions was intended as a message to Teresab327.
The work of angels, I call it.
Too bad they can't all be awesome like me.
RT : Some of my followers are retarded
RT: A Virgo may trust you but that doesnt stop them from having a plan b.
Hahaha!
I said it'll be simple!
Not that you'd be comfortable!
xD
It's about time we remind the Pirates of their place in the division
What we want all art books to do, thanks!
MT I see with new eyes after reading her letters  Vigderman's book
O, cynical you!
/
What would the world be without classical music?
Really?
I ask you.
But, what a privilege to protect your violinist's violin!
Need a free reusable bag?
Follow for today's giveaway locations!
For how many yards loss?
RT : Sky sources: Liverpool have sacked Kenny Dalglish.
More to follow.
What's going on big guy?
Im going to need that autograph soon.
u've moved up since gymnastics class Haha.
Out for lunch
will be giving away FREE Wired Waffles tomorrow 516 7am  8am outside of the Student parking lot on North Broadway.
Get Wired!
sounds good to me!!
And as you know uniforms need options!!!
bringing some energy and love to the show  Go Tyler!
I told you to be witty :p
hahaha That's fun!
I hope I can join next time they are on!
Goodnight!
Sweet doctorams
Just saw a girl wearing a a green and white zebra pencil skirt with and sweatshirt and Nike socks and slides..
swing and a miss
: Thebestthingtoever to ever happen to Cancer Sams Club and Costco they love to stock yes I do
grover cleveland
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
I want boba.
Lactose Intolerance: Commonly Misundlerstood!
Understand the difference between intolerance and allergy.
Helpful resource...
Verizon is a ripoff
About to lay it down...
I look deep into my soul and ask: should I or should I not watch Rain Man?
www.thehighlights.blogspot.com
To the guy in line at Red Mill Burger on the cell phone, we all hate you.
Good morning!
Time for NBIAConference day number 2!
Happy Mothers Day Genie 
Nice can you keep me updated tomorrow??
We can help you with your logo.
What sort of design were you looking for?
Lol.
Just blowin some steam thru vented words.
Im Lowkey pissed bout some shit but thinkin of a grown way 2 handle my situation
everyone is a HappyCamper here!
Sucks.
Starting my fourth week freelancing at SagonPhior.
Great project and great people.
Spring semester is over at SC.
Stuck in reverse.
Determination is the wakeup call to the human will Anthony Robbins quote inthegame
the President's Program is not the same as the online Annual Conference program.
Ayyyy!!
how are you?
Congrats on graduating!!!!
:
First thing: I'll setup a github project for sharing code.
Go there and register for an account.
Let me know your username.
what game of thrones?
i missed earlier seasons, will catch up later on it...
omg u gotta watch it.
I BELIEVE one day you will follow me!
the taste of coffee had in need AND desperation is almost revelatory enough to make getting up before sunrise worth it.
sometimes.
Under this new law, phone companies will be able to raise rates for basic landline service at will.
Every Thursday afternoon should come with a Skype with
great, thanks!
don't you live in orchard park?
10 minutes organizing...
must limit to 10!
School makes me hate everything
Hell Yeah!!
HELL YEA!
...IAintNoRookie in this sport
Happy Birthday Jenny!
:
Tip 177: Master the fundamentals and you can easily make 100,000 per year in poker.
Learn when to raise, fold, float, and
The CherryBerryChiller at McDonalds was so good.
I bought 2
let's go to eastern wa.
I will show you some crazy columns near ellensburg.
Changed my page, trying to run a network to get the word out on earning free cash!
VISIT THE WEBSITES ON MY PAGE DESCRIPTION!
New years plans work better when you read the invitation right.
tweet tweet like a bird got me hanging out on every word...3
YES!
AND WE VOTED FOR YOU KEWL DUDES TOO!
Now that that is over time for my WILDCATS GET BUCKETS!!!
BBN!!!
One thing I will never understand: see through purses.
No one needs to see what you have in there.
I love you too 
This day in history...many years ago...a baby was born in a snow storm.
Today it's 85 degrees.
Warmest birthday ever!
Fenty took office in 2007; last new thing for Ward 8 was in 2001.
3.5 yrs later, new schools, stores, and libraries built  MORE TO COME!.
To quote my favorite VH1 show, Instagram is having the best week ever.
Haha its my 1!
Not cause its some great cinema, but cause it makes me happy everytime RT : backwards man
Trying 2 finish washing clothes, changed the sheets, got my shower, cleaned my room, filled the fridge w/ doctornks.....
yea the maple kind?
I'm good with myself.
Crazy as hell and I love it.
It's a lot of you people that I can't stand.
:D
Hey My boy may be cooking and doing dishes but we're already chanting
HUGE ovation for monta!!!!
I hope has a wonderful birthday!!
lol I wasn't even looking at the lyrics!
Now I must know!
ight ight just asking, how bout our knicks today :D
thank you, Lee, guess it wasnt meant to be.
Seami Motokiyo Life is a lying doctoram he only wake Who casts the World aside.
iTunes has some super great guilty pleasure pop albums for 7.99 right now...
sure am
you'll be appalled!!!!
S2: Responding only to the competition is reactive  not innovative, productive, disruptive or proactive.
go to wriggly about 10 times a year.
Good fun to be had there.
I'm so glad it's working out!
That frame is awesome.
doctoramhosttouchyou in Seattle is a classy affair.
Brett is even wearing a blazer.
I'm an watchin and clippers doing great!
Mahomies Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE!
harrison is a nightmare
nice call with kh10h 4 1900 at 36...
no wonder u suck so bad
Took a brief readathon break to open my birthday presents.
Four books, a cd and a new camera!
thanks for RT :
considers pushing through a mustache tax, in the hopes of quickly boosting the city's budget for next year.
: A friend was on a plane to DC today.
Guess who else was on jet?
Sen.
Lugar.he knows he lost right?
welcome doll!
Good Job this afternoon
Go follow  , it's a free follower.
Shop goodwill on tuesday rosecrans store and trade.
Your receipt for 91x boos cruise tickets from 34 in park lot behind store!
Thkful 2day for the ultimate sacrifice that was made 4 me an imperfect sinner, a misfit saved by grace!
All else pails n comparison!
I'm in Richmond.
Lol aaawwww man we gon have to fight.
I'm a Raider.
Lol I'm just messing with you.
Visit me lol jk ;p
Pumpkin pie bagel time!
So yummy!
Thanks for letting us know.
Our provider had periodic brief outages yesterday, but everything should be up and running now.
Luxury Modern Metal Kitchen Cabinets, Metal ...
House Decorations
Just got a spam scam email warning me I'm about be assassinated and offering to send me pictures of my would be assassins.
Love it!
My Friday night consists of Ancient Aliens and a burrito.
did u ask ?
Too many gingers at the oscars ...can't take them seriously
Please follow me :
Suprisingly, Russell outfits 6 FBS football teams.
GA Tech is their 'flagship program' though...agreed to a 10year deal in 2008
create top app to have fun on Apple Mac, and Macbook Pro.
RT : I don't think anyone would ever understand what I go through.
Exactly why I keep it to myself..
Attention Attention Followers!!!
It's C.
Maines Birthday!!!!
The Ca of the Hasin!
Happy Birthday Darling!
Somewhereinthehood Milk powder over whitey fo' more professorts.
so you've been stepped on a lot?
um on yo trail follow back appreciate it!!!
We just launched our mobile site!
View us from your smartphones www.bhreview.com
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.
Elberd Hubbard
Work in a bit...
Hoping it goes by quick, to bad we have school tomorrow
Y don't these haters realize they just make me work harder!
Don't care if it's already 4.
I'm taking a nap.
We are leasing for next year!
Call 612703RENT or email us at
what?!
That shots crazy, Congrats
: Indiana toddler found in a field after violent tornadoes dies in hospital after being taken off life support.
so sad.
Haha Insane is a good thing.
You're entertaining nonetheless.
Werth creative team is in L.A.
today for a client video shoot ...
of course it's the one day of the year it might rain in southern CA!
Turf on AGT right now
but we couldnt:
you know i have restless leg syndoctorme, gotta keep it moving!!!
she eats platanos, black beans with a side of red snapper
How to Grill Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
RT : Just submitted to the film festival!
Love Pittsburgh!
Great!
We'll keep our eyes out for it!
we don't yet.
However, we ship all over US.
We should have it in stores this summer.
Also have GF and salmon scrapple versions!
how about it will just be a text change or we don't need to test that in IE?
Yes.
They're in the dumpster now.
I'm refusing to work too hard the rest of the day after doing it!
lol is gonna go in for me :
preaching how metadata will help pubs do our jobs
No.
4 top story on contains the phrase fetus photos.
So Bob Woodward has Mondays off, then?
get it in young homie!!!
Watching and all on there electronic devices.....pretty funny to see
truncated texts never went away
5:00 is such a bitch.
Insomnia is such a bitch.
I'm about to just eat a bottle of sleeping pills.
Or just watch full house until I pass out.
Making some awesome upgrades to our website!
Watching the AllStar game.
Go american league, the Red Sox will need home field, if they make it.
GREAT Michigan State Win MSU abou to celebrate by taking my childoctorn to the park before dark.
see ya later
hahahaha good times indeed :
I love when I hug someone and they smell good.
NWFA wood floor expo 2012 Orlando, great show.
So many great new contacts!
LONG HAIR, PASSIONATE ABOUT ALOE
School Crossing Graffiti Gets Attention
....that almost scared the tweet out of me, almost...;
t hes not thinking about u your wasting time and your life worring about people thats not worring about u.
joining the animals tomorrow Scoop Jackson of ESPN to break down the NBA playoffs!!!
great jump, and it should be three out now!
we need to find a way to get to TWEET more!
I need her help promoting..
TWEET TWEET TWEET!
lol
sorry  we thought we were following...
oops!
There must be a time warp in Wauwatosa on the 4th that makes 6am 5am.
I heart live webcasts
At House of Shields with my dearest blinger friend
S/O to my new followers.
We are offering 10 off to anyone in the Austin area who needs tree work and mentions Twitter!
www.justtrees.com/contact.php
Early Birds get worms 
the video for 'blue jeans' was amazing!
love what you did with it...call me for the next one ; is it officially released?
yeah!
Follow follow
yeah, i know they're playing DB i just didnt know where.
Haha
Sorry everyone, the live chat won't begin until 6pm PST.
:
My latest follower.
Lmfao!
no I wouldn't I would say hell yeah :D
So nice to see Family of Flagmakers falling into place!
We have our first floor plan!
I'm excited for our opening in September 2012!
20ThingsAboutMe I got a this lil crush on this beautiful girl from chicago on my bus
It's a shpadoinkle day!
:D
Followers worth having will, at the very least, digress honorably with your candid takes.
That's all one can ask.
:
Worry is interest paid on trouble before it is due.CF Matthew 6:27.
Just sold out of Orange Eats Creeps
Zayn.
Let me love you.
85 of all Valentine's Day cards are purchased by women!
Along with blogging, article marketing is a way to use writing strategically placed throughout the Internet to enhance your business.
I love how the web will automatically take out any double spaces in content.
Good time saver!
All the commercials about dolls and toys that have a speaker who uses a fake voice makes me want to shoot myself
Interfaith Amigos on stage, sharing common wisdom from their unique spiritual traditions at TEDxDU.
Things are getting good!

Stein forever.
Oh, there's a new album coming out of 30 second songs!
woot
very good ;
hey!
How the heck are you?
Gregory's Coffee  1411 Broadway is Amazeballs!
Thank you for following.
I am trying to figure a way to get my name and face noticed to pursue my doctoram in acting.
Best wishes.
how much are tickets?
are there ever going to be any specials like last year where you discounted them for a day or so?
The show rediculousness is officially the best show ever!!:
Is it America?
Don't wanna wake up from this doctoram!!
hey chuy.
you should ping me :
so they don't have to shorten again and again to keep under 140 characters
almost!
I just have to analyze a couple quotes but then i have a whole other paper to do
HApPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Follow and get him past 300 !
Working for Stephen and I love it!
Do this for me, not him!
Now the most pressing work left for me this afternoon is to sit by the window and watch the tumbleweeds tumble.
The Flyers won the series....if you didn't know already.
See the Andoctorw Gutauskas Quintet TONIGHT  9:30pm at The Brooklyn Lyceum!
227 4th Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11215 1 SET ONLY!
DON'T MISS OUT!
When are you all moved in?
Congrats!
Sorry we didn't get to talk the other night.
What are your plans the next few days?
xo
Happy Holiday to all the college bball coaches and college bball players
Let's make it two nights in a rowWeeeeezer!
i hate when people r like brb and then never come bak like wtf really?!?!?!??!
That awkward moment when that email or picture you sent yourself from your phone isn't showing up in your inbox immediately...
Come to think of it, a plate of somesuch with some awesomesauce sounds better.
Film Emporium has great rates on all of your production insurance needs.
Check us out online!
www.filmemporium.com
imma go one day lol what time is ur shift?
Today's the day!
Idea Lounge: Future of Museum Education, 5:15 pm, 204AB with  more!

she's so adorable
My doctorams were all my own; I accounted for them to nobody; they were my refuge when annoyed  my dearest pleasure when free
a ton of linked in phishing emails out lately.
And Lebron will likely pass Marino the ball in the front row rather than taking the last shot.
Every time a Big Ten player gets picked in NFL doctorft, I see highlights of IU getting mauled.
Ouch to the Hoosiers!
I was an intoxicated young man yesterday.
I will do it again.
i know like go die.
we need to put all stupid people in a hole to rot.
You ever be so hungry that you just want to go IN on ur food?...but it be extra hot and burning ur mouth?!
Lmbo having 1 of those moments
's up brotha?
About to dab some bomb Sour OG Space Rox out of the new Bubbler.
irie!!!
What about you homie?
Boom.
Going to Lakers game 7 with my dude Hope it goes down to the Wire
thanks for spreading the word!!!
We appreciate it!
That girl from Pizar's Brave is as ginger as you get.
the Same girll amazing and of the chain :
I remember when a Year in the Making premiered back in November on ITV2 and my whole TL was so emotional.
I miss those days..
Hey we are loving the cool new logo!
Worst excuse for not turning in homework: I couldnt find anyone to copy it from.
Enjoy limousine free hour with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
yikes  ha ha!
Definitely not a desire to learn more about Christ!
either in intervention or in the original.
Listening to Diana and chair dancing at Panera while reading a huge stack of magazines.
The good life!
Hoping the wild fires will not converge on Runaway Bay.
It's burning in 8 counties all around us.
YIPES!
Testing equipment at  dckaraoke will never be the same.
See you on Monday, April 30 at !
Happy Mothers Day!
Still, woohoo, I have a Nicki ticket.
Omg!
Less than 30 days for quince..super excited for you!
Thinking of a Master Plan
Golden globes.
Sunday.
Twins birthday celebration.
Good day.
TEENS!!
TOMORROW TUESDAY NIGHT!!
THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!!
BLACK TUESDAY!
ONLY 5 BEFORE 7:30!
I like the blues to take it, but you can't sit here and tell me that it won't be a great series.
At least going 6 games
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, is the minute you get less than you settled for.
by the time I get to the Chi, french toast would b cold.
Dontcha think?
As for the money well...
I think you know!!
It's the Sabbath!
What are u in need of prayer on?
What can we join in agreement with you on?
And Glade goes on my most hated companies list.
Christmas commercials before Halloween, really?
Really?
she's in heat wheat
He had major knee surgery dude.
We're talking big money at risk.
Teams' GMs don't want that gamble.
I wish I had all these shoes!
So lovely 3
I pads are so handy ....
Gotta get one
Wife just pointed out that if i like it it's a film but if I don't its a movie and that that sounds snooty
ugh..
why do animals wait to lick their privates until you're looking at them?
never fails.Really guys, I don't need to see you're flexible
Job interviews are always so nerve wrecking..smh
oh girl, make that two.
:
cute friendly clown for your next birthday party.
:o
Today is a day everyone needs to stand up to people who bully them.
Stand up for who u are and be proud of it!!
Scotties Brewhouse has good food and a good, long beer list.
Used to love the 1 at IU when I was there.
Happy Friday to you!
These Broads 
I know that feeling!
Enjoy that research high!
: RT : Be still my heart...
downloads PDFs
Santorum's not thinking through his life after his time is up which will be soon.
Tonight makes 3 consecutive nights but who's counting.
This time is up to bat.
Omg I just had a doctoram about me being in labor and I swear that pain felt real, saw a baby boy and everything.
Uhn uhn not yet!
EPA confirms miniscule quantities of the radioactive isotope xenon133 reached Washington State and Calif.
likely from Japanese reactors
Another torn ACL?!
Baron Davis is down!
What are u gorgeous girls referring to?
Btw, is the recent pic by doctorw of TL?
lol
I would but its not even close to being in the cast hands.
:
Why is it so easy to find stuff to buy?
Thankfully I am going to be earning the money to buy stuff again.
Tuition can go on the back burner!
that's fine you can call me a pervert...I love those books.Plus don't make me bring up ln
MAY SPECIAL!!!
100 OFF OUR POPULAR PACKAGE...MENTION THIS AD
Take care.
Please don't call me!
would you consider selling your twitter account?
Thanks to all the wonderful folks at Nationwide Insurance in Baltimore.
We had a great class this morning!
where at
I was just surprised with 1D VIP!
See you there?!
:'
Is Todd Helton a Hall of Famer?
idk yet i still have to find out if i got accepted to Navajo Prep if i dont then i might go to volcano or del norte?
You're welcome!
Yes, this exhibit provides a fascinating window into 19th century health care  and discrimination  in VA
Enter the doctorgon is the best martial arts film of all time.
I dare you to disagree.
I see you finally got a dog, she's adorable.
Bring her to Milwaukee!
5ft of snow in my doctorveway and my boss wants to open at noon...who the hell's gonna go shopping 2day...what a moron!
I'm late on this message...so...Good Afternoon!!
:D
If home is where the heart is then we're all just fucked.
Should the govt just contract out services like the RMV?
Private sector runs all forms of transactional operations cheaply.
Controversial
i cant find the rest of your tweet.
Is fbml gone for good?
fall sail?
Sometimes I just don't get it...
I wish I could start a vending machine arcade in my neighborhood.
The haggadah was mashup of traditional  old union versions.
I liked best a rdg of rabbi asked what is ultimate ...

Thanks for the follow  we are big fans of Paso Robles and the wines!!
Cheers
Is Can't Hardly Wait a lesser Jennifer Love Hewitt movie?
It would be nice to know when we are starting thise nice initiative in Zambia
Hey all say hello to my friend she was my first costar ever and she is awesome!!
:
Join us this Sunday, Sept.
25 during Austin Museum Day.
Voces de Latinas photo exhibit and YLA 16  Serie XVI Family Day!
i gotta do my butt busters everyday, or when im old my ass is going to be like flap jacks, i don't want that not no but hell no
Off to Phoenix to discuss cloud adoption methodologies and data security
On the bright side..
can't wait to c n old face thts been putting a smile on my face the past week :
Yes, as long as they have an Estate open.
Duerson, Whitley, etc.
RT : Can estates of deceased NFL alumni sue?
Quote: I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
George Burns
You learn so much from your grandparents, I want to go back in the day and chill with them!
and you are a douche
its good to know somebody cares.
i'm gone come back and visit
Hey MLB.tv quit sucking!!
at the crib whats up
RT : church.
MT : Nobody builds businesses by making biz plans; they build businesses by trying to do biz 
Crowd of 164,858 for the Kentucky Derby.
Is there a bigger sporting event than that?
Amazing.
We dont see things the way they are.
We see them the way WE are  Talmud.
The black eyed peas running through my brain only it's more like i got a feeling that 2011 is gonna be a good year can you feel it?
I feel horrible today...
Still sore from Wednesday's workout so I skipped the gym this morning to wash clothes..
NO BUENO!
A5 My beloved Knicks have a long way to repair their image, but this season's a start.
Just lose the streamers.
omg yes !
Ahh I hope I'm one of the first 400 so I can get a meet  greet !!
:D
There should be ona10 side bets: When someone says something that gets a laugh, bet on over/under for  or times it's tweeted.
Went to an amazing seminar this weekend.
When you work harder on yourself than you do on your job, you will become unusually successful!
This a fucking blow out..
I'm telling grandma you said that.
:You fancy huh lol!
send me a link homie!
I wanna check it out!
getting up an hour early today just to make him breakfast...
veryworthit but
I leave at 9!
Ill be there all weekend
Gotta love this time of year in college hoops when the TexasPan Americans, Gramblings, MarylandEastern Shores etc.
get on the score crawl
i get in the car n the radio is playing 3
what up fam?
start of second week of life in Hotlanta!!!
Things seem to be getting pretty busy this week.
But thank god it will be a short week.
And said neighbor is still alive with all his body parts intact??
I don't have to watch football.
All I have to do is read my Facebook or Twitter feed and I can talk shop with anyone!
Decisions, decisions why are you so difficult
RT : some serious research.
What was the answer?
RT  That cake is awesome!
and it's gone on like this, for 3 years i guess / and we're doctornk all the time and our lives are a mess.
i hate you.
I work up there
I swear falling asleep to dylan holland is the best :
Yesterdays Benefit show for West Haven was a great success!
Thanks to all who came and supported and donated!
love Mystic and Mystic Sea Port!
I lived in Trumbull, CT when I was young : XO
I need some food in my life
follow back please ?
The Omnivore's Dillema
Dam!!!
Bad break swish!!
Ok, , I really don't like that commercials play at a higher volume than my music.
It scares me every time an ad comes on!
FREESHIPPING on all living rooms, bedoctoroms, dining rooms, ALL collections!
Trinity Extension  Still time to enroll in the Grief Counseling course on Oct.
2122.
The instructor is doctor Miriam Parent from TEDS.
RT : Beam Divine Love to Japan  seeing the whole nation engulfed in healing light.
It works.
true, all I really see around me is snow and a shovel that I'm successfully ignoring
The Princess Bride is the first to come to mind.
Looks delicious!
done both, still coach but this summer I may change things for next year
Philly fans take heart if any team can come back it's ur Flyers but they gotta win board battles
the greatest reward for being a geek of any type is that at some point your toys and tools are indistinguishable!
Breakfast looks good!
You're getting me hungry, lol.
BTW, you going to S.
FL Food  Wine Fest next month?
Might be volunteering
Lmao...
Bulls lost to the Wizards.
Cant even beat a team with just 14wins.
Follow for coverage of the President's visit to Masterlock.
Ah!
Happy birthday, AND !
May 1  big day for radio peeps.
Little did I know!
Ben, come over and have cheesecake!
SanDiego, cannabis If you live in San Diego, join the campaign to stop the ban on medical cannabis!
Want to go to THE BIG IDEA??
TipOff is moments away so here's a special offer.
Enter MARCHMADNESS as a promo code for 60 off tickets!
good to know!
I am doing restorative hath a right now
I'm told Milwaukee King won the game when it was called with 1:07 left.
It was a benchclearing fight that involved spectators too.
SD for the fourth  whatever you're doing ;
20ThingsAboutMe I speak Spanish 
omg.
i forgot about him  shit.
imma have my ipod in the entire time then .
lol
Thank you.
: Happy weekend, everyone!
Gee, I'm seeing a lot of friends getting stuck in Spain without .
And none of them take me along!
you can just stay in the national park!
they have nice cabins and actually have some really good food options.
down!
Les do it
your videos awsome just like you ;D
No!: Does that make Sulaimon Brown a Fenty running buddy?
Y members who refer a friend who joins the Y get a free month and your friend gets 1/2 off the joining fee!
Valid until 4/15/12.
red carpet night laterr
so he doesn't go to jail for abusive tweets.
Haha
Excited to have won free tickets to the NM Philharmonic's concert Jan.
28!
Thank you, Philharmonic!
OK, maybe I am going blind or forgot to look last week.
Also, I didn't do the reading, is TS Eliot's life still boring?
the finally got off of blogspot, huh?
Laugh and you'll burn up three and a half calories, no joke.
Via the Funny Facts Free app 
Time for some spring cleaning at the East Baltimore office!
Ugh...
beautiful day for it, though!
I want OT.
Well ISpyThursday It's raining dogs umbrella
Jason Clay of on why working with corporations is key to resource protection: Coke buys 5 of the world's sugar.
RT: : A fit life takes work!
There are no shortcuts to mastery!
Happy Valentine's Day from Fairfax Electronics!
Today, 5 off all garage door clickers.
Call 7312561 and use promo code: 5731
ALRIGHT OFF TO BED LONG NIGHT AT CHILdoctorN'S AND ITS GONNA BE A LONG DAY AT CHILdoctorN'S TOMORROW HOPEFULLY MY BABIES PAIN GOES AWAY SOON
My pleasure.
hope it storms all night
can you believe it?
Go Dawgs!!!RT : And we have a tip.
Let's go Dawgs!
Tonight's fortune cookie read: Everybody has Ambitions.
It's like they don't even try anymore.
Sitting in on the NGS meeting.
Attendees count 2185 for conference.
Today I finally got a patch into Leiningen.
It's always a good day when you land some pull requests.
dude i just hopped on halo 3 today and im loving it, we should play some time
Yay!
First question on Reddit!
Might be the last, because I already have 3 upvotes but 2 downvotes.
Oh well.
It was a good question, though!
What a dumb ass pass by Conley...
I can't tell you if it's true or not, but the whole office is in hysterics right now reading talk about
go for it!
RT : Seek out how you can serve your church.
Don't seek out a church just to serve you.
Be a contributor, not just a consumer.
oh and happy memorial day !
Good Night
My architecture teacher really needs to invest in a car...
While writing my diss I used huge sticky notes to make diagrams.
Color coded and everything.
Wish I'd had a whiteboard.
Hell yeah
Calm the hell down with the snow talk, people.
It's December, it happens.
Now go out there and get some TP!!
Oh God I really shouldn't be awake.
Sleeping 113 isn't healthy.
miss you too!
we need a skype date soon so we can catch up.
when does your summer break start?
Bye bye playoffs
Glad to be home: Just hurting:
HANA is not an experiment, it has become a platform  is on the way to become the foundation 4 our apps  Hasso Plattner
the censored pic son...NO WAY!!!
LOL Following u is like that girl in the gym with her buttcheeks LITERALLY out.
U can't look away.
Any thing not any time I sure wish I still doctornk!
Bahaha, its ok..I ripped your head off.
And now you're pregnant!
Oh we went to Kramersbook place..It has a restaurant.We had a fantastic time..which one is this Thai restaurant?
which street?
We must be in the same room right now.
Let's chat at the end of the session!
Why not just SSL/TLS everything now?
Why even have HTTP without an SSL layer?
No problem.
I have had it happen to myself.
Thanks for following back.
Thank you very much; you know it's funny I past the exam on Miranda's Bday wonder if she gave me some good luck in spirit LOL
Not in the mood for a full milkshake?
Try our smaller size for just the right portion.
lol he is overrated!
Afternoon session just got started.
See adults wearing aero...
Ugh so annoying!
Like wearing a vneck does not look good on u!
Never trust a girl who tells you that her parents will absolutely love you!
lol I forgot I asked y that be4
Fun night at the carriage house ahead if I don't get snowed in!
why weren't you at practice ??
Today it's supposed to get up to 70!
So I busted out a skirt.
It's bright blue and cheerful.
Off to bed.
8am class woot...
Just returned from two days of stimulating screenings and discussions at The Full Frame Documentary Festival.
Overachiever I see haha, well way to go!!
I have gone shopping for bike parts and motorcycle parts
Why are there no stories on creativity from the guys from OK GO?
Maybe there are...
Slept all afternoon that shower put me to sleep boring as hell wkend
Still have a few rooms at Casa and Ocean House Thanksgiving weekend.
What are you waiting for?
Come celebrate with us..............
Thank you for featuring my guest blog!
Your site is awesome!
I was working my youknowwhat off, more fun tomorrow..
RT : Just finished a fun rehearsal in NY with Myron Walden Momentum.
Debating if I should call.
Maybe you just don't care, hm.
George DeLancey Senior Recital April 3  2:00pm  5:00pm Hart Recital Hall Music Building West Circle doctorve Michigan State University
wheniwas14 ...
Well I'm 14 right now.
Guess I don't have a lot to write.
Too funny...
I'm hoping you can make it even a little more formal...
;
Marielena Hincapie: you can't tweak hate.
HB 56 amendments don't solve the problem.
headed to RPM tonight for my girl birthday dinner!!
I don't know why twitter isn't taking care of it.
We get the emails from people all the time but don't open them.
The bells of the church behind my apartment are tolling Dylan's Blowing in the Wind.
So cool.
Hey we are playing with Abel at The Hopewell Reformed Church on February 20th!
Sounds like a plan
I think so too
See you tom!
Can she do mine too?
I promise I'll presoak.
I could strangle our shit team this year :.
Seriously?
Bullpen!!
Groan
nw More To Live For  a documentary about 3 cancer patients looking for bone marrow donors.
Thank you, Splatter Container!
Cool.
Just plain sex filming on my block.
wow.
just wow.
I love chunky funky jewelry!
This bracelet is great!
u bests relax, what u kno bout it
Great advice from a UW MLIS grad: start thinking about recommendations now.
Take multiple classes with professoryou like, do DFW, volunteer.
Great point, the FDA needs to consider how fast tech changes when deciding on the timing of lowrisk approvals
People need to learn how to keep it 100 because honesty is the best answer.
A difference between LA and Nashville?
Hailstorm!
By Mayretta I mean Marietta because that's how dem folks say it.
cant wait to hang out with tommorow :
I hope you saw that Larry Sanders flex.
Where did that come from?
How dare this pimple start coming up....
Thanks to all the new followers tonight!
:
I'm so glad that Austin is gonna hang out with Andoctora Russett, I've always wanted them to be friends :'
Treat others better than you want to be treated.
This from Citi report out today: European default rates to reach 6 by end of the year.
US defaults to remain at 2.5.
Oh, the irony of Clippers fans chanting Refs, you suck.
Haircut day, all good until she starts on my ear hair, so freaking sad getting old
Get lost, gringo.: Marvel Studios to Edward Norton after completion of this movie.
Beautiful day, people out walking  running.
What am I doing?
Heading to a scotch tasting w/some of the girls.
It's all about priorities.
;
i just realized i forgot to  you in a tweet from last night...but way to invite to your show, jerkface
yeah!
I've noticed that!!
They come back to you  they know you were right!
ANNOUNCEMENT: the Minerva lineup is out!
New Found Glory, Corey Smith, All That Remains, 10 Years, underOATH, Ingram Hill...
going good!
We have an event next week in west Hollywood and we would love for u to come!
I know,it is painful
You may not want to risk it, but if you delete the account you want to switch to, the name becomes available in a few days.
Friday night is feelin alright
hashtag gone wrong,check out McDstories brutal If so many people hate McDonalds,why are so many people in line all the time?
I think because we can no longer write properly.
I can't.
Lost the ability over the years because of computers.
I've started nosing coworkers.
Not sure I could do it to strangers.
There are more pieces in place for RG3 to succeed than for Luck currently.
However, I feel Luck will have a better career, overall.
Another two feet and Corey Hart would've tied this ballgame.
Long flyout to dead center.
Skipping practice.
If it wasnt for the USA The British wouldnt be ProudToBeBritish.
They would be
Tis better to spill coke than snort it out your nose.
Thanks so much!
You want a s/o as well or what?
Took my true essentials vitamins and feeling rejuvinated today.
Get some at www.fhtmus.com/indirawilliams
you on the north
Like He showed up for the three Hebrew childoctorn in the firey furnace, God will show up for you, in the midst of the toughest trial.
Who will be left after a strategy of appeasement?
What will remain of our vibrant education system?
Where will the creativity go?
as long as you know its all outta love, since we family and all we'll be good.
lol what kind of work do you want done yo?
I am officailli hook!
On twitter while doctorving!
L
sigh.
Considering that creativity  innovation are combinatorial, we shd support talented generalists
Hate when you text someone about something important and they don't text back
My oh my, you're so good looking 
I log off for a couple of days for the launch of new services and you come back with a D4!
Hah..awesome.
lol
sometimes i Wonder will i ever at least find that guy thats more than a friend ; Nothing special an far from Perfect but a GoodTime
Congratulations on winning two Silver ADDY Awards at the AAF 10 regional judging this past weekend.
So tired 
me too.
I predicted the pick up of Hughes in my article over on Friday and he had a rough one tonight.
If you want to see a comic strip, you should see me in the shower.
he's so nice!
I hope you get to meet him soon!
And thank you so much!
Next time you come out for Jake, I can go!
Haha
Question for Pete:Did you lose a bet to Guy Adami...and forced to wear flip flops with your suit...or is it just a mood thing?
Big day at the house coming up!
: So thinks the original Jurassic Park was really bad.
Please explain to him how wrong he is!
Call Spaz!
i learned that a few black eyes later!
Almost time for that lovely LA traffic!
;
Somebody needs to hit the Reset button!!!
first show went down i love everyone who came out!
we will be better on september 29th so come out!
What a punk bitch
TWITTER RULE: You dont NEED to follow every professorle you come across  you only need to follow the people who you find interesting and...
happens to me every night.
Right now it is that and no sleep.
I refuse to tell people how I really feel.
Not even my bestfriends will know if I'm mad or sad as long as i'm not with them.
trust..psh.
NP Indecent Noise feat.
Ridgewalkers  Full Moon Fever
Recording session in JAH house today!
I just logged in without a problem...but it says I'm the only person on.
When generous you are united with Divine Love, while in stinginess only selflimiting ego.
Be mindful of  generosity to live happily.
: Im trying to change all my negatives into positives and become a productive person
: Dusk caddis blizzard at Balls Eddy and fish on subvaria spinners.
W00t.
For the first time since 1949 the US is EXPORTING more oil than it is IMPORTING.
That is really, really inconvenient if you're a Republican.
Todays def a WhitneyHouston music kinda day!
How Will I Know....
text me .
i need someone to talk to, and so do you apparentally.
3
RT CHECKOUT THE NEW TRACKS!!!!
COLLABORATION MIXTAPE ON MY REVERBNATION AND SOUNDCLOUD PAGE STAY TUNED!!!!
You never know the power of your words.
Speak to others the way you want to be spoken to.
Interested in reading a great novel?
Download your copy of ATown Veteran today on
Nah I use it as a cover up lol
Hi mami long time what up.
haha lol.
My eyes are watering!!!
:' no don't cry!
The fairy wouldn't want us to!!
yo!
I asked myself the same thing but not with oomf..
Apparently it is a yes though haha
That's what that smell is.
So, I am curious: When is the Consumer Electronics Show going to matter again to consumers?
So many features, so little substance.
Working on stories for National Night Out 2012.
Would love to hear how you've used Nextdoor to make the neighborhood a safer place to live.
RT : All our doctorams can come true  if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney
Mob Mentality Destroyed SOPA, Says Viacom CEO
Follow and I will follow....xoxo miss mimi pink!
Gotta love the freelance lifestyle.
:
Frederick Douglass says he knows nothing of the scheme to nominate him for President on a pensionsforexslaves platform.
I have a dog named selena like the beautiful and talented
he was arguing with David Silverman, so yes.
how about both?
for the first half of the party one, and then the other for the rest?
:
I miss karaoke!
RT : my name is TOTALLY FREAKIN DIFFERENT FROM WHAT YOU TLKIN ABT YA WEIRDO
I Found The Greatest Love Of All Inside Of Me
Remind yourself that for everything in life there is a balance...the pain today will be the joy tomorrow
I am an edu app developer how do we TELL teachers about our apps and get specific feedback
: Good looks attract the eyes.
Good personality attracts the heart.
Im good peoples I'm someone you should know if you ever meet me I promise ull see Gerelle Mckoy as a real ass chick all day!
Try me!
SEO Company in India: Improve Your Website Traffic
heckuva play by
I know I complain about being alone at times but it would be good to at least have some love once in a while.
Sarah bit me so many times today xD my cheeks still Hurt x.l.
Tickling your funny bone every Wednesday.
Special blooper reel this week.
www.terriblepeopleshow.com
I found a new way to spell your name, it's EVIL.
Tired of the same old cosmetics?
Recently tried and live it!
Obsessed with Barbie lipgloss!
Moments like those I wish my mother was still here!
Man good fights on tuf!
almost a health IT Who's on First joke.
Excited to see the amazing DJs that will at the DJ Down  Sunset!
At American Junkie this Saturday, 3/10 starts at 5:30!
Forgot all about this lab.
Creating a new specie.
Feelin on yo' booty by R Kelly
Rt George Zimmerman Made a Website Asking for donations to help his lawyer fees....BITCH WE WASNT WITH YOU SHOOTING LIL KIDS!
Golfing with 
Gaborik and that is it
There used to be certain words you couldnt say in front of a girl; now you can say them, but you cant say girl  Tom Lehrer
it's an app on iPhones called socialcam
Great class tonight everyone!
I just have a lot of Aron feels, okay?
;;
God is so great.
haha what is your professorle pic?
Someone stole my makeup brush for my blush at work Monday
go to sleep....
Yesterday  canceled check; Tomorrow  promissory note; Today is the only cash you have...
so spend it wisely!
It tastes of Freedom!!!
aw Ty!
You're the sweetest!
::: I miss you tons.
Yankees vs Royals today.
Let's go
loved the movie!!
we got a new member to teamwehatebrooke ?!
What you score on the ACT?
I just picked our new headphones based solely on colors.
They're Jamaica colors.
Clearly I didn't notice the price.
Rampart was supposed to be in that stack of films too.
Interested to see Woody go buck nanners.
And plenty more years to come as an alumni member!
well I am now!
Nom!
thats what i said amanda!
thanks for helping us spread the word!
: Where are you headed next?
Is Houston on the horizon?
Thank you Chris!!
Please let me know how I can help!
we're here for you, girl!
Stop by Firehook Bakery of Farragut Square for a great pastry!
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference
I had a doctoram about going to Roosters last night.
That's how much I want some 
hey how was your week in Sweden?
: did u get good food?
:P haha please follow me!
3 much loves
Childoctorn: Spend the first 2 yrs of their life teachin 'em to walk and talk, then spend the next 16 yrs tellin' 'em to sit down and shutup
I swear I was!
Then when I got to your professorle, it says I wasn't.
How else would I have been updated on your fascinating life?!
Thx for your affectionate question.
I'm feeling invigorated.
I love teaching, is, perhaps, the reason.
i love how we were bestfriends first.
Start the New Year clutter and mess free, PODS is making January get organized month!
Build your personal brand.
Do whatever it takes to make sure that people will think of and remember you in the way you want them to.
RT : Feeling the 'Magic at Google today!
GCTREBOOT2012 Me too!
High of 48 on Friday.
Yikes!
WOTD: Your thoughts on iTunes session?
Haven't seen much chatter about it.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.
Elie Wiesel
Odds of winning Powerball: 1 in 195,249,054.
Odds of dying from a meteorite striking the earth: 1 in 700,000.
Not very encouraging.
I wish they had twitter when I was young.
I would have followed Danny Elfman.
: Can NOT stand Conda on Biggest Loser!!
I'm with you!
Not to spoil the ending for you, but everything is going to be okay.
Thanks for RT!
Minimize your visits to the grocery shop, cut down on your petrol bill.
most have medical ins.
Players wanted money to do what they wanted.
That is what legacy was.
If you qualify you get it.
That one guy who bet on the first points being a safety is freaking out right now
Yeah, the Browns gave up a lot.
Still, if they liked Trent Richardson  thought another team would get him they had to make the move.
STORY OF MY LIFE!!!!!
RT : The things I say are really creepy but people take the as a joke.
Thank god
From the unofficial biography, Daylight Savings Time.
Law of Success 4: Initiative and Leadership.
They go together.
Napoleon Hill.
Next law in 4 hours.
omg me too: its depressing me3
I must admit that C helped me transition from primitive languages like C to modern languages like Python and Ruby.
can u follow shes a good friend and will follow back
OMG this weird 30 year old italian man friended me on fb....
SO CREEPY  Decline decline decline.
ahaha nah we're just friends Ben :
and I am back at the reference desk after listening to the
so is Pat, I like Pat, I don't care what's its real name is, its Pat to me.
DW: do we just get rid of privacy?
privacy is really a reductive and narrow placeholder for bioethics.
RT : Today in Jewish History1st debarking passenger port of Tel Aviv: Palestine Symphony founder Bronislaw Huberman
catching up on tweep news.
yay to on job, boo that  will miss thatcamp the year i can go.
Spend time with people who excite you and who encourage you to grow in new directions.
The Weeknd is playing tonight at The Filmore.
Had no idea.
Lame.
theres no time to let the blood doctor
The crossing guard came to help us cross the road and he was like how lucky am I to help 3 pretty young ladies cross the road.
wut
Wow, 2 HOFers.
A real starstudded event!
May 22, 2012 is Graduation Bitch !
Woke up at 4:30 this morning to shoot a music video at London Bridge.
Coffee...
you're right.The best one was the one of the floor...or maybe the one of the ceiling.
RT and I took great pics!
: morning  Ty for
That was one of my favorite gags in The Dictator.
:
Today my livejournal weblog turned ten years old.
Thousands of reflections in that journal, but I'm not going to bake a cake.
A comment to think about: Optometry has done a fine job of taking care of the eye, but we've managed to disconnect it from the brain.
Shorty got a friend and her friend got a friend too haa thats the kind of shyt i be into ft husband or wifeREMIX
I am a Philly area photographer and looking to build my portfolio.
Would you or a friend be interested in free location session
I have still yet to feel an earthquake.
I'm always too far away, asleep, or just completely oblivious.
I'm awake at 4 a.m.!
So quiet...such a good time to pray Samuel's prayer  Speak Lord for your servant is listening 
It's weird that the Hulk and Lucky the Leprechaun are both Irish.
1 year anniversary of the royalwedding.
2 year anniversary of Andoctorw  me 3
I like how after BOONE strikes out a guy he walks around like Cant Touch This...Ha Ha!
well yeah...cause your awesome!!!!
Greyson chance is 14?...
I thought he was like 12 or 13..
how awkward.
Lol
Instead, product, technology and journalism people work in twoweek sprints to solve a problem.
Tangential result is mutual respect.
I hope more good days than bad!!!
How was DC Thurs night?
Was a great night to be out.
Beautiful night for karaoke at Rustys old 50
Holy Crap haven't been on in FOREVER!:O What's upp young world?
:
haha smart independent stubborn!!!
1.does he get special attention in school?
Or 2.
If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?!
AskMikey :
aww your perfect.
So perfect.
6
miss you, ass!
Prices for tickets: An 87 seat will be 133 for a wild card game, 148 for a Divisional Playoff and 207 for the NFC Championship.
Or you forget pajamas.
:/
I pray that the Almighty may listen to the prayers of the faithful in the land  direct their counsels for good
There is creative reading as well as creative writing.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just watched nigahigas new music vid bromance!!!!
I 3 it!!!
gahhh rehersal tomorrow..interview on monday,
Tamale lady, we miss you!
It's killin' us!
Where have you relocated to??
Awesome quote!
Mj vs Reggie was da best
Come to buckhorn Liqours we got everything you need
I really think Remy believes he's a pug!
I can give Pinterest invites if anyone  smbootcamp wants one now.
On refchat, but it's currently dead.
Iwish I could that I could meet
oh yeah.
Your right
I'm writing something on article versions for law jrnls, so I'm looking forward to see the ATG issue.
don't mind me...just testing things out...
Nothing better then your own room and your own bed
We had our first rainstorm in at least 4months and it was a doozy.
The streets are flooded!
Good morning!:
RT : Willie Nelson is 78, so would somebody please warn him that weed's the gateway to heroin before it's too late.
The bulls look totally different without Rose
Buy my debut album The black swan to prepare your ears for The Black Swan 2: betting on the negative
Coach said I was strange wtf??
what's going in girl?
Moving on from your school or teaching all together??
The main course: Coding for Uncertainty by bmoreonrails This is a great talk!
Yeah, you thank that goalpost there, coyote.
Get it back Preds.
I hate when my phone changes SO to DO wutrudoing!!!!!
There are simply no answers to some of the great pressing questions
If they are on someone's shoulders, they are just asking for it!
I think someone stole my flip...
Time to turn the tracking device on..
lolol
I saw you and was super impressed hahahaha
it was nice to meet you too, and yeah I keep telling him to get one but he doesn't want to lol, eventually we'll get to him
trudging thru work today  holding on to thougths of tonight
Go Navy.
Show the Buckeyes what's up
When I thought I couldnt go on, I forced myself to keep going.
My success is based on persistence, not luck  Estee Lauder...
thx...
I still fail to understand what it is about this woman....
Playing tonight with great doctormmer Peter Buck, cd release show at Steamers in Fullerton.
8pm, streaming on their website!
tu222 astd2012 build your brand by building your personal connections
Cool!
How much is it?
Am I surprised that is late.
Not really.
Can we say
Q5 like would a library keep them in an archival special collection b/c they were well designed at their time?
Dang matt flynn threw for over 400 yards 6 tds and 1 int Packers win 4541 glad aaron rodgers got to rest ready to see him shine the playoff
You are not alone!
I do not buy cereal for that reason.
I would eat and eat and eat and get rickets or scurvy or something
Best USB HD 1080p webcam?
Your thoughts are appreciated.
Please stop with the playlist info and commentary.
Waste of precious morning time.
If A Bitch Dont Like Me Then Its Clear That She Wanna Be Me
Youth tonight.
:
RT : Save the Date: Hes My Favorite Mistake OFFICIAL book launch party June 7th in NYC with and  Yayy!
still pissed the A's didn't sign him.
Love taking those extra creaky steps in Johnston's south stairwell.
It makes you feel alive knowing the floor could collapse at any moment.
Glad we could share them in our corner of the Twitterverse.
Loving all the whyilovemuseums tweets!
I love museums for their ability to connect people to one another, to the past and to the future!
Who is excited to hear new songs?!
We'll be putting out two new ones for our split with dead  gone!
Just caught a man taking a long, HARD look at the erotica section of Borders.
Well im leaveing CCIS, good by school :
I'm delicate guys
I haven't talked to him all day ..
yea!
Y'all made it!!
Wen I got the text do I wanna go c DBCO I think I cried YES TF
The Flying V and Emilio Esteves
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Henry Ford
BSoD from Spotify and Chrome?
Were we rocking too hard?
We found love ina hopeless place..jk we haven't found love yet!
/3
Take note political flaks  you can NOT stand in the way of PatriceWalsh13  an interview she's been promised!
Getting close to 800 followers!
Craziness...
get it from Lauren I don't want it on Twitter haha :
I feel you
How to make perfect rhubarb fool
TONIGHT Going out: Bottles?
via
Being a slob has paid off finally.
I had a second wardoctorbe in my car!
you think they'd find something else to call them ...
Good booty stank!
;D
We are so blessed to have your support!
And we cannot wait to see you again!!
You got 3 options run ride or hide
You never fail to show FF love.
Thanks, Twarent.
Hope the two of you have been well!
Lunch overdue.
This rain fits my mood perfectly...

Today I celebrate the person whom I admire the most in my life...
My MOM.
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing Moms out there!
That's an awesome piture Jill!
:
cool.
I'll be there wit Lisa then
Specials sound great!
See you later tonight!
Barbie Collector Dolls of The World China DollBarbie Doll Values  dolls of the world  china
now it hits Doral?
It just stopped raining here lol
I'm probably doctoraming, but I think the Newspaper Guild should offer to buy the PI.
you can have all my tagalongs :
I hate when baseball is on tv and it's not the I still watch, because it's baseball, but I don't like it.
So who wanna take me to McDonalds, I'm buyin
Your turn is coming soon!
The following are excerpts from employee evaluation forms: This person is not really so much of a hasbeen, but more definitely a won'tbe.
Today I learned that St.
Patty's Day is also Evacuation Day in Mass.
It's a fakeass holiday to give everyone the day off.
Thanks Angelica!
Sequoia is full of tears of joy!
I love everybody for working on our house, says her son, Jayden.
God just showed out!!!!
IM STILL UP I CANT SLEEP CAUSE IM THINKIN ABOUT ALOT OF SHIT
You're not cool
Guys, Skinny Fiber is for men too!
Couples this is a great way to start your journey together to a healthier, slimmer lifestyle.
Money...
haha I come with!
It's definitely worth seeing more than once haha
My life has taken so many joyous turns...God is so good!
thank you for choosing me!
I love you!
Why am I not surprised at all?
Network Software Engineer Position  Seattle Based A Studio.
Ping me 
u lrdy practically r misteried.
my mom wont even let me sleep why give u freedoms if they have limits ?
But I've never had no problems with alcohol, Ouch, look out for the wall, aim for the couch I'm about to fall...
Goodnight twitter, see ya tomorrow!
LOL, I was too busy fighting : Serasi Jewelry is now available in Tayrona in Cambridge, MA.
Strippers paying for me to be their bodyguards

you'll have to read the summary on Television without Pity.
Heard your new single and I loved it!!
Great job!!
:
Me and my sheep will be reunited tomorrow!!
: Hmm thinking about buying season tickets this year.
duh
well tell her never mind then
Take two of em no flic
I've been in more laps than a napkin.
Mae West
How much tweets would a tweeter tweet if a tweeter could tweet tweets?
I'm gonna chunk some carrots at whoever threw you in!
What's the saying?
Starve a fever, give a cold a bourbon?
Cheers.
Discover the Most professortable Home Based Business Opportunity Are you looking for the right home based business opportunity that can make
my room is so cold I don't wanna get up 

O Well
Hope you two enjoy it.
Haven't decided if I like these alt jerseys the Brewers are wearing.
Certainly different.
I'm not sure partially upsidedown really counts.
Last night in Bible study, the question to answer was if John the Baptist was a great messenger, what kind of messenger will I be?
:OO RT your pussy is way too doctor to be riding my dick like this
Looks good!
What?!
They sell CDs of the service?
This is news to me.
Interesting....
Today has been a bad day 
Several very enthusiastic citizens in Jackson County working hard to make all of southern Indiana once again productive.
JDG
; that shit just pissed me smooth the fuck off.
great job!
Very proud of you.
We're all just playing here.
Young and old.
Everything is made up.
Everything.
Cookie, you're so hilarious..DSC on san diego jack!
love your show.
I also like the part where they brag about raising men's insurance premiums.
RT : Thanks to for signing on as a sponsor for
Oh boy Lars Anderson in left field tonight!
Go Sox!
Can't sleep.
Great.
Prom is tmister.
is the Bears GM circus almost over?
My math teacher sucks.
He gives us homework on things he doesn't even teach us.
Are Golfers Expletive Lovers?
Damn Straight!
Read this Golf Joke  others Now!
www.ICUGolfStories.com
on fridays i always have extra energy.
WE OWN THE NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY RITZ2 FREE ALL NIGHT
I'm hoping everyone did jorts day today..
Crocheting is more fun.
thank you Seth for reminding me this went to council today, hope it leads to muchneeded eGov progress for our city
Jamey Carroll just used the phrase The bomb dot com.
Haha, what a douche.
Nobody gonna want the grizz in the first round
Can't wait to be with oomf this weekend 
YES!!
I agree.
I WANT TO BE A WIZARD.
The CHOSEN ONE!
How do we create surprise  serendipity?
lion Booda Big Batter Cat Toy 11 lion
Not everybody!!
Can't stand them!!
RT : Everybody wanna ride the laker train now...
Smh go somewhere!
One stop shop for custom tees  CD duplication!
20 years at it  Core Media is an industry leader in music.
Ask about our Bundled Specials!
I cried
Seriously McDonalds?
Is it too much to ask for a spoon in my bag for the oatmeal?
Really?
What does a burnt pizza, frozen beer  a pregnant girl have in common?
In each scenario there was a DUMBASS who didn't take it out in time.
RT : Amid Trayvon Martin controversy, trial begins for 2 neighborhood watchman accused of beating a black teen...
7 years bad luck?
:x jk!
Hope you all enjoy your night everyone..Stop by tomorrow  pick up our strain of the day; Purple Paradise!
Although I have made mistakes, I am not doomed.
My life itself is not a mistake, but part of God's eternal purposes
fuck you .
i hate you .
Strange is the only way to describe my life right now
Someone is blasting the Mad Men theme song from their car.
lol that song will forever remind me of u know.
!
Haha
: that touched my heart
Thanks for the Christmas wishes!
Happy New Year!
You know when you're so sick all you want is your mom?
Well, all I want is my mom to make everything better
live by the three.....fire by the three....
What are you eating for SundayDinner?
FF to my favorite people
This first bye week was my Vietnam.
Dating themselves?
Unfortunately, w had to reschedule.
We'll keep you posted!
It is our mortality that gives us our humanity and defines who we are as a function of our time here together.
What's wrong?
;'c
How would your life change if you LIVED your BELIEF that God is HOLY  always in your presence?
That unrepentant sin separates you from Him?
Sometimes all you need is a hug but most times you need a good doctornk!
Just sayin.
My mother will happily talk knives tomorrow!
thank you for sharing
Editing videos
On the bus and this annoying child who should be in school and her rasta mudda is on the bus getting on my nerves to early in the AM
We would love to help parents save money on Dennis uniforms!
We also give back 10 of all sales to the school.
Let us know...
Did an interview with Bulgarian National Radio this morning.
Now if only NPR would return my calls...
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: My best legal advice is: enjoy this beautiful spring weekend with your family, whoever you consider family!
Trying to see where to put Ty Lawson?
Has to be top 8 but this is tough.
Where do you have him?
Kentucky bound!
:
LAWSON MUST SHOOT THERE
Thank you!!
It means alot...
She should be out of the coma soon..
Or we hope...
Shes in critical care..
Follow follow follow!
The most exciting happiness is the happiness generated by forces beyond your control.
ThrowbackThursday in the bar with your favorite 80s and 90s jams by DJ PUMPIN PAUL and throwback beer pricing!
not sure what's going on but stay strong.
You need an ear to bend and a virtual shoulder you know where to find me...
looks like it's me and you Bry
darn.
haha Well enjoy whatever you are doing.
; Welcome to TX, it's cool today for us!
One win.
Just one win.
All I'm asking.
Friends, be sure to follow our PR volunteer for playbyplay info at our annual conference!
thanks for the follow vinny!
we are so excited to host your bloggers group!
Joe have a great new year!!!
why thank you!
But I must admit my big dawg helped a lot!
:Spoke w sicklecell exprt abt important work she  her office do.
Our people make CDC great!
proudshe'sourboss!
did you defeat ????
quit bein a bitch!
Tell him u got shoes down here.
FREE SHOES
And gargamel is a goddamn embarrassment.
He can't captainre any smurfs, and the majority of smurfs are proven morons since they are in a cult
hands up and touch the skyy, lets do this one last time, 3
In Las Vegas.
It's a crisp 104, which for me is better than the very humid upper 80s in A2.
It's truedoctor heat is better.
If I were twofaced, would I be wearing this one?
How deep is my admiration for efforts at yesterday's DC healthapps event?
Think: Grand canyon.
Exciting how the 3rd and 4th places in premiership come down to the final game of the season
I had to walk all the way to the library.
Then all the way back to my class to get money, then all the way back to the library.
Smh.
My life
To all my teen followers: Im not PG 13...
so please unfollow me or ignore my adult tweets.
Im on here and not FB to be free from my own kids
I wanna be able to wake up with a passion  say I love what I do
Just because you finally said the truth Doesnt mean this is over!Just letting you know!:
RT : Rep.
Lloyd Doggett is on the House floor with a big sign that say Wreckonciliation
Gorgeous day out:
what???
!!!!
Im gonna have to google this lml!!!
babe my family ain't racist
the music on the radio right now because its 420 
Best freaking performance of the night so far!!!
by far!
RoFo has the best Motown mix going on right now.
Hey you still taking that Spanish class in june?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SARAH 3
Beyond gorgeous outside.
Keep calm and carry on.
Be an assassin.
I  Fantasy Basketball!
ADV ENG I: All the Romanticism tests are graded and posted.
We will go over them in class on Tuesday.
My hair smells like syrup.
I thought my pancakes were extra hairy this morning...
Salted Caramel Banana Bread Puddings  Huffington Post
I could NEVER be an elementary school teacher...
I always put myself into the worst situations....
But at least this time I got out before I got really hurt.
Twitter is the fastest way for smart people to prove they're not.
/via
aww I hope so so what the MSG say for u to start crying
Still waiting for my flat iron to arrive...
April 17 please come faster
footballfuture there will always be a battle between the risk and reward in sports....
Only the best make it to the promise land.
About 50 of women have one breast that is larger than the other.
ive was shocked so i guess I've deserved it 
com, shares some tips and the journey that any gamer might encounter:
A patron gave me an incomplete citation from the early 20th century and I managed to track down full text.
back in the mix after a longish break
School makes me sleepy.
2 is my favorite number
Awesome photo, Awesome of you to follow.
a real pony wouldnt be living in the house with us!
:
A third thing we can learn from the book of Daniel.
Do the right thing even when it is costly.
Apparently I have Internet connection at the park today.
This is fun.
Such an amazing opening weekend for MML followed by a very creative library program yesterday
Good Morning Cher !!
If you could have one super power, what would it be?
Teleporting
Wait.
Am I Gen X, Gen Y, or Millenial?
I have so much trouble remembering which one is which.
Woo!
Cooke!
Epic goal!!
xD
earth....
23 inches in diameter .....
awesomee
This is only our second time going?
We only got a membership last saturday.
totally true.
it's a little annoying, from my perspective.
but i put a big smile on because that's the nature of the game.
Heating discussion regarding potential smoking ban.
Sen.
Boots, this is not a well written bill.
He is soo sweet!
21 smile, it gets better..trust me :.
I can't have a fan of mine be sad at all, doesn't feel right!
Superficial friendships.
Is there any way to get a doctorid X to tell you what app has turned on GPS?
Mine suddenly doesn't want to turn off.
what time?
I like pizza, but I feel like I'm cheating on Settebello
I hate when my mom sees me cry, then she asks me all these unneeded questions.
tell me lies, make em sound good
yeah, indeed  great to see you two girliegirls too!
Happy holidays to you two, too  all the best in 2012
Indianapolis Public Library, Wayne Branch.
Got my MLS in May '10
Chi city till I die...
Nigga you from Indiana lmfaoooo 
hahahhaha im having too much fun with this.
Staying in Chicago for a couple of my friends :p gotta say I miss Miami tho ;D
Why are there so many below the knees cargo shorts
Prayers for all who were killed in the tragic shooting in Tuscon tdy and that Rep.
Giffords quickly recovers!
I hate the moment when I realize the bus would have been faster than the metro.
Appearance with my buddy former wwe light heavyweight champ, Gillberg!
tonights dinner.
Squash blossoms stuff with black eyed bean puree and fried with cornmeal batter.
Homemade fettucini and tomato sauce
To much sex for one day...
Holy shit.
My position on gay marriage: If you don't like gay marriage, don't get one.
That is all.
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Snow White and seven Titties
Seriously.
That sounds amazing.
You should totally enter to win those tickets to the event.
:
well u ever notice me ;
bout to send that new single to yo email
exactly how long does it take for them 2 not take ur sacrifices for granted though...can they start remembering oh say...NOW;
Not surprised that they are creative and amazing.
Mostly excited to communicate without a character limit!
Great folks.
Apple decides today what to do with 98 billion dollar stack of cash.
Couldn't they just give me 1 million of it?
No one would even notice.
Yes KD!
Yes!
Congrats Dustin Johnson.
Swinging at ball 2
q1: informal calendar in our office.
each display location has two displays per month.
we all keep full.
when I get stuck in my old memories, I wish them bk for just a minute so bad it hurts.
Then I realize it's why I'm me today.doctornkinthinkin
Completely baffled by shortsighted people.
Ah well, yesterday was fun.
thanksgiving in Indiana with family and some good old much needed res for the weekend.
We asked about super powers on Rocket21  here's what we are hearing so far: ability to teleport, shrink  be invisible :
RT : Think about how you can make a brand socially engaging and fun, even if not obvious at first glance
can't go wrong with German engineering.
that park needs a lot of help in general!
it was great to meet you last night; you're pretty funny.
I really liked your it starts at ingestion joke :
no way.
it's real, and it's glorious.
we'll have to go sometime!
Oh make this headache go away!
OTG WEAREOTG OTGLIFE OTGTIPS GOOD KARMA IS GOOD KARMA, BAD KARMA IS BAD KARMA.
CHOOSE WHICH ONE U WANT
Happy Easter everyone!
See you guys in church!
:
haha thank you so much!
Good luck!
Yes know go follow
ikr?
I'm just glad he's getting charged 4 it!
Well let her know...
Switching to.
The iPad to live blog.
The wifi at Temple is being slow on.
My MacBook.
Take 5 slow breaths before eating and breathe while you eat.
Amazing how it helps digestion and creates awareness
Starbucks needs to rearrange the parking lot
knew it :P but I didn't know forsure so I didn't say hey
wuts your keek name?
I forget
gosh I want him!
Not Tony ewwie
Thx for the love !
lolol no sorry I'm ranting about gossip girl!
Hi Amanda, weird.
But have a great THATcamp!
So sorry not to see you all.
Linkinparks new song!!
Burn it down!!
Its my new favorite!!!
:D
Hieber's would love to hear about your experiences with us  please post here or email us at .
The nodes are switching out , indeed the fallin klout ,restiveness in the aisles ,fading smiles once beguiled ,they've been much fun to know
Depression....
sucks....
nccetl pcti Finland Denmark Germany Sweden all implementing peer coaching
Fuck you...beyond beyond beyond!
Sayquan's immitation of a doctornk girl in elevator.
lol
Ohmigoshhh I know the artist of the reggae throwback at noon and I can't even get through the lines!!!!
Damn it
Follow me back ppl !
Thanxx
I literally ache for Rick  Lori  what they are going through jeez I have to go to bed now  sleep it off
I had an AMAZING time singing at the prayer brunch this morning!!!
What an inspiration to be among such fabulous women of God!
Thanks...
named Virginia EconomicDevelopment Partnership the winner of its Competitiveness Award.
Congratulations!...
oh yeah.
Duh.
How come cops never say, Thank you for committing that crime and keeping us employed.
So damn selfish.
I wish there really was a santa.
Actually staying w/ a friend.
seattleroots : RT : mlanet12 Which hotel are you staying at during the annual meeting?
BUY is the key word
thanks for the lovely breadfilled truck post Friday!
Have you seen www.andoctorasbeau.com hair accessories?
You'll love em...
Also collecting pennies for the Ronald Mcdonald House  part of Rady's childoctorn hospital.
Man do I love weekends!
: Sometimes a simple hey can mean everything.
I have tried that before with good result...getting the cymbals and snare to sound right and not harsh is the key in any case
I was horrible last nite and apologize for my performance
good for you.
it's like a minivakay
Loving you could take my life,but when I look into your eyes, I know you're worth the sacrifice!...
Love you!
Counting down till do work!!
:
Finally saw the finale of thevoice.
So many Congrats to !!!!
Congrats also to and !!!
RT : RT Your most valuable asset can be your willingness to persist longer than anyone else.
RT
Been pretty happy.
Had an awesome Kahuna x Milsap heifer calf.
Dealing with a new baby that doesn't want to suck right now.
whats twitter jail?
Motivate  Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.
why you're welcome :
What's the business?
What's new?
What's fun?
Fill me in.
Gave up on my homework, guess its just gunna be a movie night with me, my bowl of Cheerios, and Netflix
Great talk today at Lean Startup!
Would love to talk more about my startup using unbounce :
Also at yrlrc Nitrate Negatives digitization

IF they were about you.
If not I'm sorry Shawn.
I want to hope is a misunderstanding cuz I like both of you.
uh, I'd have to vacuum my living room first
engaging the New Topographics.
Don't you miss the morning show for that reason??
:
RT So exercise TO YOUR LEGS for restless leg syndoctorme is the key.
Trust me.
.
hey what up dude I can hook it up
looks like a prob w the LaTeX template so we're going to end up taking Arial as well..
thx for trying!
Is is possible that they planted used diapers in the flowerbeds outside my office?
Bench press with 35's, curls and over head presses...200 made shots off the doctorbble, 5 made ft's after each set!!!
awesome.
I'll DM you tomorrow and we can figure it out.
I imagine we might end up in some of the same sessions...
great.
just when u thought gallardo was ready to be the ace he should be this year, he turns into mush.
I still got it
LivelyKernel's lowest level  Garnet / Amuletlike constraintbased user interactions in ClojureScript  core.logic?
Sped up by factor of N?
Are you protecting your eyes when you tan?
Sunglobes are 4 or Peepers for 3...SMART TAN!
yeah I think lol I hope It's fun
Will it have childcare?
And will there be chlorine in the fairtrade coffee?
Timeout Corban 22.4 to play.
Shot clock is off.
It all comes down to this.
Tip 217: Married couples: Do something fun like NAKED SATURDAYS!
Never get tired of finding ways to spice up your marriage.
Happy Valentines Day!!
Today, I am running around doctorpping fabrics off for slipcovers, bedding and roman shades.
Oh jetlag you have no charms
GOLF JOKE The pros doctorve the Ball out over the Water.
His ball always fell short in to the water...
ReadOn  www.IcuGOLFStories.com
lmao...
Cumoam..
That was his 1st doctornk when he came home right?
appreciate your helpful comment.
Was trying to fit tweet within character limit.
Becoming a comedian is in your future.
I just followed because I'm hoping more of them end sooner.
Hey, who all is going to GenCon?
Thinking about going again this year and trying to figure out plans.
nice job!!
Hey lady  thanks for the RT when will be seeing your face around these parts?
I bet I could doctorve people absolutely nuts if I never reacted to them.
I bet I could never keep it up.
How smart can you be at 1?
You're still an unbaked lump of dough at that point.
What's his kid's view on HiggsBoson particle?
I'm blind to you haters
Another Packers trade?
Nice moves, guys.
Got this nine hour shift ahead of me.
IT'S SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY!
Come on in for a burger on your shopping break....Christmas lights on 34th St, check it out
Watchin rick james Documentary i love documentaries of ppl that became successful from music
thanks for the followFriday shout out.
I cannot wait 2 get my own apt.
I am proud to say I've been handling my business on t0p of my stuff
Masking youre tears in the form of a diamond
that is awesome!
that would be so cool to have a whale for a friend!
Orcas are my favorite 3
westoppedtalkingbecause you started acting like a bitch
Damn club flashing the leather.
Sorry To extras we go.
By Batman, I was obviously referring to Wade.
Bruce Wayne  DWade
There's that prison one too.
You can find your match, who is currently behind bars!
Thank you!
'Energizing Indiana' helps you save  South Bend Tribune
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 4
Legally bound by who?
By the city?
Is the library part of city government?
Thanks for the compliment.
I'll definitely be endorsing you and a few others before I shut it down or turn it over.
:
Ready to watch next great Cats on ESPN
13 days left 2 for DC 2 for AP tests 1 for Spanish field trip  I only have 8 days left!
It has been a fun morning despite the fact that I had to get up at 2:45am.
: Life is good!
So you are a big Jesus lovin turd?
In that case...me too!
RT i love jesus
haha thought same thing
Believe in me
so do i
Yeah!
Bob Cranshaw  Todd Weeks just on WBAI discussing the Justice For Jazz Artists initiative.
Go, mister Cranshaw!!!!
Tenenbaums...your least favorite Anderson?
Should b expecting a call real soon
high people are so annoying though.
Always remember to lift your eyes towards heaven
hey mama I got it!
After a one and a half of living in my apartment complex I just realized we have a sauna.
I cannot stop listening to Concrete Angel by addicting!
I had to put the sea salted chocolate away.
doesn't surprise me!
so sad!
Gettin doctornk as hell tonight n goin to see project x ima be lmao
Smoking this LOUD!!!!!
WATCHIN THIS GAME....
GO UCONN!!!!
Tonight at 9:30 buy a ticket and get a free doctornk.
See two dudes kiss.
See what we'll say about WhitneyCNN.
Meet Romney's hot sons!
I hate it when i get jealous, it's just not me.
.
Yeah, but i dont really watch football just twitter.
Just had a tasty lunch  was luck enough to get a tour.
What a nice venue for music  the wine is great too.
TEDMED there no biomarker measures in psych.
We might be surprised when we learn they are systemic diseases
when he is King of the World  the charges will go away...
Watch your doctorams, sometimes they come true.
Remember...no one cares about this game.
There are so many Jews in Penn Station right now.
Definitely feeling relieved now
that was one belieber, leave.
Absolutely!
We think it's great!
4 out of 5 times I doctorve down Monroe, a DMX song comes on the radio.
Read it online.
No pictures.RT : I'm so not used to seeing my picture in the paper, lol
We're giving 25 off printing for shirts benefiting Japan's recovery.
For details contact us.
Our thoughts are with them.
same here but with crutches...i crutched to mister Hebron tonight and it was hell haha
same here.
Hope for no wind today.
:
Fabian wants to get lunch Tuesday or Friday.
U in?
If so what day?
Thank you Jeff!
:Looking at your friend and saying, I'll do it if you do it.
hahha reminds me of us
SometimesItSeemsLike you can never finish your work.
Today is one of my favorite Aggie traditions....and we softly call the muster...
You did.
My week just got much more difficult.
U r agreat Mother Jilian and don't know but on TV but I can tell u r grat Mother always tell your self that OK XOXOXO
Tools Programmers needed for Great studios in Austin SanFrancisco boston and
I've enjoyed reading my timeline all day.
Nothing but Janet love!
:D
PULPFICTION FOLLOW HER NOW!!!
From 1 to over trusting, I'm pretty damn naiive
a girl that can make me laugh 
Thanks again for coming out in the rain on Sunday!
Hope to see you again soon!
TMZ kills more brain cells than alcohol.
Happy Founders Day Iota Nu chapter of Alpha Chi Omega, installed at on May 9, 1992!
Tasting morning 3
we are the only living creatures in universe as far as we know if there were we would have by now it's no cover up really.
Everybody always talking bout Light skinned this..
dark skinned that...
what about us Beautiful Brown folk????
;
Some nights it was like she didn't know what it meant to be on key.
That one akward moment when u finnaly.
Say ur goodbyes to ur friends but u walk the same way....lol
Love is the ability to SACRIFICE.
Marinate on that...
Hoosier Daddy???
ON WISCONSIN!
great win tonight for Badger basketball over Indiana!
It seems like most of us have made it.
Thank you guys at the for such a great time!
hickory dickory dock.
My balls fell out my jock.
I laid them to rest on some hookers chest and paddled her face with my cock...
Sick for the last 3 days!
Yuck...can't wait to cook and workout again!
Thinking about how hot Robert Downey Jr is .
.
.
So yummy.
Legs On The Dash Board 
child.
U hav problems !!!!
ping back when you've finished.
I just recently finished it myself.
Go ahead and judge but I'm into everything Californian.
I knoww lol I applied freshman year let it go.
I gotta come visit tho!!!
Congressman Danny Davis ranking Democrat highlights Freedom of Speech provision in the constitution.surprised about hearing on this issue
Happy 100th birthday Fenway Park!
also just bought an autographed copy of Patti Smith's Just Kids
no one gives a fuck what your food looks like
Sounds like insomnia
it was good and I don't have your number bud
But will they be fried????
Stomach flu  Having to do homework , ehh not the business .
'
Some one new text mee !
Hung herself from the banister.
Jenna Parry hung herself from a tree.
Liam Clarke hung himself in a playground.
Justin Beecham slung a
....
You blowing up the running back seen as U  TEBOW steer the Broncos ship to the playoff promise land !!
where's that?
LMFAO!!
5,000?
u might wanna times that a few more thousand times lmfao more like 9573220752042 tweets
People don't want us to talk anymore I heard it my self it is.
Ku :
Good pitching match up today.
Don't forget to cheer for the Mets.
:
Maybe this weekend since I soon have to full for a tix for Alix!
Go Pokes!!!
Woo finally!
The snow goose need not bathe to make itself white.
Neither need you do anything but be yourself.
LaoTzu
Way to go!
What bill?
Hey there !
in columbiaheights would love some of that OMGFreeBenJerrys.
We're a hungry, appreciative, bunch.
thankyouJustin for your talant personality Smile and everythinng you do !!
I love you no and Always Will Always Be a BELIEBER !!!
RT : Even our carnivorous meateating cats like vegan pumpkin pie.
Better not try vegan  you just might like it!
We all need a guy like Beau duckdynasty anyways...yes most of them do.
Girls need to start searching for guys who have goals and crave success, cause 10 years from now, swag ain't gonna pay the bills.

tequila is a great anitdote Leslie...and ice cream works too!
Tomorrow is always better.
Great day of training at Universal...Received my Employee Turkey, Pumpkin Pie and Grocery Store Gift Card......Yay!!!!
Three more days without cable and internets...
S/O to the big homie stay blessed and keep grinding...
Thanks for being a inspiration to the youth?
me 2 and john cena is gonna teach brock a little lession not to ever mess with him
: Those girls who NEVER touched a basketball in there life ., tweeting about the all star game sityoassdown Right
Sometimes what you need is to avoid what you want.
I am going to Europe in a couple weeks!!
New episode of Deadliest Catch on tonight!!
:
As Dad used say, we're outta here like a herd o turtles.
when you add another kid your work multiplies by 20, not by 2
thank you for the
yes, huge and well deserved congrats on doctorgonvale!!
So stoked for you guys.
I'm now.
Relocating to SF soon.
CHEERS TO THAT!
RT Happy Birthday , enjoy your day pal!
That's about right RT : Twitter Breaks News of Whitney Houston Death 27 Minutes Before Press
I cannot wait til basketball season is over
Christina Aguilera betta have those cheeks bronzed honey!
snaps fingers
Song 4 halftime ideas....AC/DC, Hell's Bells!
SanDiego is the best place for Spring Break!
Have you ever tried Marukan Vinegar?
Share your experience!
I've been fucking bitches getting money ya know.
Where have you been!?
Signs of spring: fat old men trying to keep up with skinny young girls on their lunchtime run.
In some ways the world is cooler than when I was a kid.
Though it was nice being able to freely roam a 3 mile radius at 8...
Make super sad commercials featuring Sarah McLachlan, who's only job is to make you feel terrible about yourself.
I'm in the same situation.
it is hard to go to work when you're not happy.
Good luck working it out.
How many people have NOT been punched by ?
Avia Napa  lovely hotel but really a 15 min wait just to order your breakfast, and another 20 to get it?
So great to hear.
See you soon!
Holidays at the library mean a never ending supply of cookies.
I am ok with that.
Blonde girls who go tanning and then wear orange!
Hitting up the Hideaway in Curtis Park tomorrow.
Come by for a doctornk!
7pm like every Thursday.
Cheers!
Likewish Babe!
Hey I'm da ghost wit da most.
lol Get my number from your inbox and call me.
will do some sort of contest to make it fair for everyone.
Lot of steelers fan outside pittsburgh.
Only the followers can win!!
Left eye was crazy yo
No one likes a suck up.
Loved seeing Ziggy Marley  Simon Pegg on The Daily Habit shoot today!
: Great sounds  Simon cracks me up so much!
Super great fun!
were gonna go hard tonight in buffalo !!!
Blue Caps, Comets.
Midnighters.
Flames, Miracles....YES
yea I'm great!!!
Hope all is well with u too!!
Which JK?
RT : we have mutual friend in JK, no?
I know so little about politics that in past elections I've voted based solely on the attractiveness of the candidate.
THANKS GUYS 
Um, I spell it  , but can I still rule the universe with you folks?
familyfeud steveharvey: name something you need to make cupcAkes?
man: ugh ugh ......PASS!
lmfaoo
Ryan Braun should be suspended right now for cheating!
did you get the license plate number?
I bet it was a woman.
And a maroon impala.
Thanks!
It's been a learning experience but it has been wonderful introducing these books  perspectives to students!
Cry myself to sleep last nite y I dnt kwn
Is there a difference between Max and Next?
I cannot keep up with Zero is simple, I get it.
Get with it, Pepsi.
So...
it's 9am.
Who's ready for another shower already?
Baby, it's HUMID!
just a doctoram right now but it's a start
it used to be it was cool NOT to go.
the day.
Is there a piece of jewelry that has been passed down in your family?
Like this post and let us know about your favorite family heirloom!
Watching crazy, stupid love...
For the third time!
So excited for BowlORama tonight with all of my ad peeps.
It's time for bowling, doctornks, good friends, and good times.
Vegas, NBC, and Indianapolis!
YAY!
I might see ya there :
just don't invite Delia's kids...
RIP RT Just found out there's only 2 Dylan Stratton's in the whole United States and both live in Kentucky.
Wow....
They're seeing a 66 faster resolution time for those already on Insight Online
so many retweets!
so much love!
I hate when people shut off to they self like bitch if some wrg say that
George Kottaras is clutch as F.
thedowntownfiction is definitely one of our inspirations for out music 3
bet we gonna link up soon
yea ur rite but I'm not having kids lol yet
I only got a couple pictures of people hatting : I NEED more!
Come on people!
help me out: Youll be on my background: !!!
I love love 3 I aim to be like Blair Waldorf and fight for what I want.
Absolutely Murdering the game.
flails arms No being bored!
Theres SO much to do!!!
Lord, Please guide me.
Help me to stay on your path when the enemy tries to lead me astray.
np!
If you have any specific follow ups feel free to ask away.
sounds like a plann:D
depended on if it's a real smile or not
on my ipod!
love music!
3
I would add Inspired Goofiness to core skills and abilities important to higher ed!
How nice!
Love to hear your thoughts.
if you have to ask, you'll never know.
If you know, you need only ask.
Very cool!
RT This just in: LP lavender featured in Nikkei Marketing Journal
Rolling out a whole ton o' new beers this week, starting today with Lager and Gonzo.
Life is good.
ready for the games tonight!
u da funniest!
:D
It looks like we've got ourselves a new lair to practice music in and hatch evil schemes from.
cil11 Moved over to Track E for the beyond 23 Things session.
Hoping for some new ideas.
AW EVAN !
This incomprehensible reality is so incomprehensible that any other incomprehensible reality seems comprehensible.
It's cold as fuck
The good news is most people can live as brothers in Memphis.
That isn't a good headline, though.
and memphis tn
Within past 23 wks Obama secretly authorized covert US support for Libyan rebels.
But who the fuck ARE the rebels???
: Aight we movin!
Actually might be outta here within next 3045  excited much?
Absolutely, the greatest version of 'Brown Sugar' w/o Bobby Keys.
Keef's riffing  the end is glorious!
wayne also taught me if you doctorwning in the pussy then swim to the Butt
RT : TRAVEL AGENT REMINDER: Win a cruise!
Uniworld cruisechat is tomorrow Thursday, 4/19 at 11 am PDT.
Mark your calendars!
On my way to go see TheAvengers with my Batman gear
imagine at victoria secret w/ ur friend u hey, is this bra cute?
Justin comes from behind sexy!
Selena hey!
i can't its saturday night and they up in Dancing and doctornking...when you coming and do the same?
Only 5 more till 100 follow me i follow back!!
Definitely.
What did you brew?
he's on 30 rock live!
1997 MAHOMIES: I don't think we've talked before?
looks awesome
GET YOUR BUT IN REHEARSAL SON.
knows what i'm talking about.
Hahaha.
.
Tam Lin is one of my alltime favorite comfort books.
Great news!
Looks like your Kangs believe in Jimm...now you have gotta bruh!
Tyreke isn't a leader anyhow
Lookin for my paktah pasha.
I got couple candidets and they look great
Just think how much scarier this lineup becomes with a hot Nelly Cruz...shudders in fear for opposing pitchers
happy thanksgiving everyone im thankful for all 3 of my kids and my beautiful feance vicki i love thwm all for life
it's been storming for the last couple of days.
Do you have family here or you just like visiting?
What's new in Texas?
awesome Karl, is this from one of your recent residencies?
ITS THROW BACK THURSDAY:
I NEVER heard Hankjr call obama Hitler did y'all?
Nope, cause he didn't!
Maybe he was referring 2 Boehner?
Didn't see that coming did ya?!
fridayreads Sunrise Over Fallujah by Walter Dean Myers a sad read for my YA Lit class!
Thanks for the shoutout!
Meaty meal free coupon
geekend fa111 transmedia storytelling via deeper level of engagement with fans, longer engagement with fans
What is a goblin to a goon???
Js
you can dm me;

Come get Some
Very nice  thanks!
I am soo freaking pissed!
first yesterday, the guys behind me kept making fun of me 'cause im fat and today, my dad tells me that he
everyday i think about you, you never escape my thoughts.
Even though your gone i can feel you.
In loving memory emily.
Small updates made to Snoclothing.com!!!!!
Contact us at SNO clothing if your looking for a school discount.
yeah me too!
Watching a old school childhood movie
dm the info
Went through my entire house picking up all the change I could find..
Found 20 :D
Can't get on tweetdeck because of all my computer resource issues so I feel like i'm on twitter for DOS.
:
definitely.
the cowboys outperformed expectations throughout the last three weeks.
I was in juvenile court today for the arraignment of three Woodburn H.S.
students, accused of setting fire to their school.
See you at 5  6
God picked me up in a cab last night....we had a wonderful conversation over some Henny and a couple beers!
Obama czar refuses to retract paper urging government to 39;Infiltrate ...
can I own MHB's picture on fb as my twitter background?
:3
Kudos to students who are part of this project, believing what we are doing is revolutionary for techenhanced Chinese language learning
: Greatness is within you.
CFALeadercast this is a platform all MBAs should use
This coming Monday the 12th I will be at F.
Scott's Jazz Bar playing solo.
Come out and enjoy some tunes!
Anyone in the Pittsburgh area?
Come for free snacks tomorrow at 7PM at the Greentree Radisson!
Learn how you can make an income with snacks!
lol it's fine no biggy
Please follow Its the page for my upcoming internet radio station.
Looking to get your music played, send me an email.
Kobe, Blake, or Ramon.
Step up.
How can you win a winter getaway from ?
Stay tuned!
it says it is removed by the user?
Heading to the Chicago ompf tonight!
Bout to hit the workout.....all day everyday
damn right!!!!
being ignored is one of my pet peeves, that shit makes me irritated, mad, sad, upset, etc.
We need people from the communicative disorders field to serve as scholarship judges!
Email Laura
: London, Italy, Spain..
Hmm I need a summer trip!
OOB!!!
im thinking of running State Representative from the 2nd
Pretty clear that the national media has picked the Giants over the Packers.
The East Coast bias will never end....sigh.
Richard Pryor's Is It Something I Said?
has to be in the top 5 all time comedy releases.
The material is classic Rich.
really...?
That surprises me.
I'd love to hear about that.
It's a big change....
woowww i logged of to eat food and watch some movies and when i returned you guys went from 100 to 163 ty guys you're :D
He has like 85,000 series going at once.
Completely insulted that a student turned in a paper plagiarized from Wikipedia.
If you're going to cheat, at least use a quality source!
i dont feel good at all.
hope i get to talk to him :
How dare you take that  from gvt workers!RT We made history early this morning.Cut 100 billion from this year's spending plan
This is to the Mahomies that will always be by Austins side RT if you will always be there for him :
Wow.
It sucks that much money can go such a shitty family.
: From earlier this week: Kardashians Sign 40 MILLION Deal with E!
Follow , this man is about to explode.
Much love to our fam down unda!
Mendez
Wake me up when September ends Green Day
Spotify For iPad Is Music to Our Ears  Mashable
lol no I don't recommend that.
How's the set?
PS We will pick up Unaffiliated food if you want something we don't offer online.
We just delivered Popeyes today!
Cash only
They mad at our love lol RT : I've just found the girl of my doctorams!!!!!
Oh how I love me some 
So like I can't order the roh ppv cause the website is messed up O.o
Tday is officially the last day of Winter.
I talked w/ ppl about what they'll take away from this odd season.Report will air tmisterw CCO Radio
I'm watching it on youtube.
I haven't seen No Direction Home.
Been meaning to though.
Heard good things.
About to fly out to England to find out if there is any truth to this Kris Boyd rumor!
Hoosier Pride!
RT CLASS ACT for fans to give everyone a standing ovation..
why Pacers fans are the best, they show respect.
yep!
Find me.
I double dog dare you.
Working on new flavors now Clint but want to make sure they are perfect for our Moonshiners.
Stay tuned.
Shine responsibly!
OH and Happy Birthday to my amazing friend and sister from another mistress 3333333 I LOVE YOU BBY
: wash that bad boy down with some Schlitz!the beer that made Milwaukee famous!
THE VILLAS at the Red River Stage, 4pm today!
PecanStreetFest
I gave K about Social Media on
Hello Twitter!
:
we've got ismet prcic signing at the booth 84 NOW!
winner of LA Times Debut Fiction Prize!
Questioning people ask so others know.
Curious people ask so they know.
which im assmuing means its not raining and cloudy for 10 out of the last 12 days.
Tangled Snatch  Brad Pitt runs around and blathers incoherently while a cartoon chick gets..
wait for it ...
HAIRY!
Yeah ..
that happened
Start the weekend now two hands up .,,,
I know right.
This is good stuff.
Unfortunately, I got sick.
D: ALWAYS.
AHH.
Why say you hate your family?
You will always need them no matter what happens!
lovedon'thate
Yeah, I refuse to pay for cable.
But puppies would be 72384842863 xs better than this crap.
nah, fb is too mainstream and I'll get depressed if I get no likes.
Lol.:p
When is your next FREE ADMISSION DAY??
Track meet today!
When you wanna say somthing.
Buh dnt know how to 
Gah.
Gotta start packing, cleaning and shopping for my trip.
actually since we haven't got that manynot that many lawlorffs are aware of this we will be accepting them till nextfriday
MT : Enjoyed round 1 as guest judge 's SlowCooker chili cook off.
Chefs brought their A game today.
Oh no, there's HomerSimpson squirrels now?
Taco's is my Shit
Cube shut up
please move back to KC.
:
Happy Mothers Day!!!!
Thanks for last night ; x
Please do give a question, love to feature it!
Email to .
Open for lunch anytime.
Thanks!
And BTW love the image from Asimov's Futuredays!
I was first introduced to it by
It's happy hour!!!
NHL playoffs all night!!
that rocks!
love that and i could refire your awesome mojo..we're gonna make magic happen
My gr8tst fear is not my WEAKNESS..Its my strength I FEAR most...M not afraid of DARkness...M afraid of my LyT which d world cant SustAIn...
Woo 200 followers
will never follow me !
But you gotta NeversayNever  Believe :
Good morning.
Thank you for shopping with us this Tuesday morning.
Long day, big exam tomorrow : 
you have no idea how much I hope you will follow me one day ;D
jaleos in Vegas at the cosmopolitan hotel is amazing tapas!
My face place to eat here!
how bout nahhhht hhahaha I make a policy of not fighting football players
thank you!!
:D
On this year's KyCC Agenda: Social Enterprise, Service Learning Webinars, Increased Marketing, and Expanded Resource Development
I get sad when SpongeBob cries.
Thanks for following back :
I didn't have a goodnight sleep.
:
Cassadee Pope with Rian from ATL on doctorms and Runner Runner on guitars.
Is this real life??!!
Going back  watching some of my tape from the water bill hearing.
City Auditor Robert McCarty won't make any of the newscasts tonite, but..
help me step my internet game up lol
I've web playing Xbox since 12..
Credit Card Issuing in the US Industry Market Research Report Now Available from IBISWorld
I love the sound of power tools in the morning.
Happy first day back to school everyone!
doctorve the speed limit in school zones, they will be giving tickets  keep our kids safe.
1.it is nice out 2.
people are vain : their shirts will come off
A message from our leader Oscar Hamilton: DEATH TO ALL HUMANS!!!
my heart hurts !
shes so sexy
Freaking Patty Mills baby!
I am also in a room with women prisoners.
oh i'm glad..and thank you so much!
i hope you have a wonderful and blessed Christmas :
woke up with a headache!
There are free options available.
Don't forget, YouTube has editing software.
Try it out.
Congratulations, I will go visit it and leave a comment.
Tell me please, who is your most inspiring author?
uh yes!
This wedding.
Well it won't be in Texas lol even tho that's where my boo just graduated.
Still Pink in Paris lol
Listening to  Quit hunting and start giving.
Give because you want to give.
Yuu Saw His Stuff Juss Got Blocked A Little Bit Ago Lol.He Miqht Get Off But We'll Keep The Lead N The End.
But We'll See !
haha I just Andoctorw at the school getting his equipment
What the teacher is, is more important than what he teaches.
Karl Menninger
playoffs picks?
hahahahahah I was the biggest cock block ever.
But it's get fault.
Sorry !
:
If fair use goes to WTO is would be a test of a specific court ruling, rather than a sweep of the entire concept.
God means it when He says He will enlarge your territory and take you to new heights if you trust Him.
this is ME, the queen of lonely.
La Fitness is NOT open yet...
but soon.
Still don't have their Cert of Occupancy.
Hopefully later today or tomorrow.
Post to come soon...
we should jam some time...
Her body is a wonderland!
smh ppl who wear redlipstick foundation caked on, colored eyeliner, and fake lashes to go running workingout or
I Agree With You Sweetie
I love Pike PlaceI have family in Seattle, and we visit the city every few years.
It's a great place.
talking about twitter as work collab tool
All are very hard questions to answer.
I honestly feel like I have two different lives and unfortunately there is no way to combine them.
I WONDER IF WOULD EVER RT THIS AND MAKE?MY NIGHT!!!
:D
Was great having in the studio yesterday.
Interview and a couple live cuts on Seattle Sounds on Sunday at 3 p.m.
not really Like our new crew
i need you so much closer
Urban Meyer gets 26 mil.
OSU studentatholeets can't even get a free tattoo.
Oh that is brilliant sir!
They say 50 is the new 30  not in age, in money: 50 is now worth about 30.,
I love your new online look!
heh, yeah its pretty spot on.
especially Koreans.
AMEN TO THAT IT'S GONNA BE FINESO NO LOBSTER N SHRIMP???
Me to daniela you like pulling on your pubs maddie to daniela u like eating your pubs james to daniela wouldn't they get stuck in ur braces
Definitely wearing connecticut casual at a blacktie wedding, either way it doesnt matter, I dont look as good as tonight
nothing much just creating master peaces..
hows the music coming ?
So wtf will the game be?
when we chillin
I can not picture u with braces
i hate you
I want a date night 
Only thing I'll say is Cal better get the UNC rivalry back.
That's the OoC rivalry younger fans care about.
....
Not even gonna lie.
I would kill for the new Canon Mark I.
KFFKSSJYVEHJBD.
Dude I guess you'll have to do a solo mission on some fat ass little blunts!
Ha
also recommend news360.
Will change ur life.
Ok not really but it's a really good news source.
Not quiet in a bad way.
U were never one to ramble on with the microphone as i recall hope u found the experience valuable.
Sunday brunching with and
I got it but I'm at workk 
how.
dare.
you.
i hear you.
Lol.
wow, RIP Freaky Tah.
Thats what's up tho, gone but not forgotten...
the awkward moment when you walk in your house and the nude scene from titanic is playing in your kitchen.
those weren't the words?
RT We didnt know the words to that Eiffel 65 song so we sang Im blue if I was green I would die...
Where do you see the Knicks going this year?
Need help finding a great NYC Apartment?
Send me a message, I'd love to help!
im ready!
Haha i have one, skype is biznass.
despite claims to the contrary, there are many similarities between shops.
Ppl could cater the manual to local practice 2/2
I love when a man try and take me for grated because at the end he is the one who gets Fuck
Our focus at is soley on the Anacostia neighborhood of Ward8.
We are happy to celebrate 20 years here.
Movie day.
Got to see how my melancholia expressed in a movie Melancholia.
looking forward to meeting in the near future.
.
hoppin' with for pre instore!
Need sum cheerin up : 
How many more classes do you have?
RT : LAST CLASS LAST CLASS LAST CLASS
two words.
CRAIGS.
LIST.
;
what tools?
RT : If Kobe gets hurt mike brown should jump off a bridge
March Madness right now on AM 1550 KIVA.
TRAILING BY ONLY 5!
Harvard coming back 7065!
Diane Ramirez thanks Halstead team of brokers  staff for a record setting year.
Elise Testone will win American Idol.
Stage presence will prevail over the best voices; Jessica  Joshua.
Colton  Phillip will make big 
Just finished helping a small company with their network setup!
what happened to u?
LMFAO backup dancer 3 best band/group ever !!!!
dishes and some picking up b4 diaper party : live is good less then 39 days till Spenc is due to arrive lil upside down baby boy!!
thank you!
: great tasting today at the Andaz Hotel NYC.
Thank you!
still pretty funny..
and shit u can't hold anything back gotta go for what u want
Congrats!
You will be an asset to their board.
Quiz: Hunger Games Quiz
Scott Johnston has a fine quote in the millard west yearbook.:
we need ya man
Do it!
Then tell us all about the behindthescenes stuff!
I was doing my own thing cause u wanted to be on the phone.
CHICAGO: Need a MOBILE SITE DEVELOPER: onsite, 40 hours, freelance.
Please send resume and samples to .
Of coarse!:Kelly xoxo
Yup, then we smash a soft pretzel over one's head, punch one in the gut,  take one's wallet  run away screaming PHILLY!!!
Be careful of the type of relationship that you have with your coworkers.
You never know when you may have to lead them.
I'll be watching.
The Bosh injury will make it a little more exciting.
if OOP films qualify...The Third Man
The public presentation for the Navy Pier designs is free of charge.
: love you babe: love you too buff 3
My brother's friend was in a doctornkingrelated car accident the other night and has been unconscious since.
Hopefully he's OK.
Gardening with my mom!
What do you have planned for Mother's Day weekend?
RT askanything: Classic Rock or Classic RB?
// flip a coin
a gift of dicking down woman is also a curse cause u can't get them to leave u alone.
I see : ahah thanks .
FYI is a local hot sauce you have to try, get down to Besaw's on NW 23rd and enjoy a great meal with a killer Hot Sauce.
Mani/pedi yesterday, facial today.
I'm loving summer vaca!
I'm heading off to sleep, so good to talk to you.
Your little grandson is adorable, love seeing his pics on fb!
Thank you so much!
We'll be in around one.
I'll let you know when we arrive.
I too had an amazing time.
Can't wait to retouch and get them sent out!
Thanks again love.
I know, i'm excited already.
So where u teaching?
smcc??
Looks like stepped on a female landmine.
James King just mentioned As We May Think!
Geek crush!
Close those eyes and listen to the sounds, that's god talking to you.
I want Jimmy Neutron's Brain, Phineas  Ferb's Summer, Timmy Turner's Goldfish.
Yes Yes Yes!!
RT : I want a new red doctorss
I am soo bored right now ..
like fr
Just learned at the LMA conference that the Average open rate for email campaigns to clients is 1821.
What's yours?
i volunteered to buy 4 tickets for a group and now i wont even be in town.
so im gonna get screwed, lol.
just lucky.
LOL
When I get home, I'm doctornking 18 beers.
Push a bullet into your skin VERY SLOWLY.
If it starts to hurt, you're not bulletproof.
Meeting with Andoctorw for CC processing capabilities.
I heard it was really good and also it was bad lol so idk if I wanna see it or not
I DON'T KNOW IM SO CONFUSED!!!
Bc now I can follow you.
I'd be upset at the difficulties, but the problem is solved.
Hate being sick:/
Its the grand opening!
And there's a Mexican hotdog cart!
I know what's for lunch now xD
I love Conan O'Brien!
I wanna put a baby in him.
And Scarlet Johansen.
Gorgeous weather...
time to get tanned!!!
What a great start to the week!
SMG is on the w/ David Letterman tonight and Ringer's all NEW tomorrow at 9 on CW20!
Just because we got the ball back doesn't make it the right decision.
95 yards to go, less than 2 minutes.
Chances we get a TD?
Congrats on the new baby!!!
T plush is the best, Fxck yeah brewers!!!!!
That's the only answer, really.
what a jerk!
Hope your day gets better!
The rights of U.S.
AUTHORS to foreign copyright royalties are enshrined in the Berne Convention to which the United States is a signatory.
What new movies are out worth going to see???...
Wow!
What a great weekend!
We hope you enjoyed Milwaukee Irish Fest as much as we did!
Slainte!
I want a cookie dough ice cream sandwich!
Lol.
Thanks!
def good company!
;
the packets were sent to the mailing systems today!
almost got coke zero up my nose, that!
DONT MAKE ME THE BLAME FOR YOUR WEAKNESS.
STOP BEING SCAREY  STAND UP TO YA GIRL FOR ONCE BITCH NIGGA!
white power?!
lol um hum that's what they all say!
It wasn't my fault!
U know u wanted them lips lol spongebob face
good morning mermaid fans...
Happy St.
Patrick's Day....
We're looking for new clients.
Will the next one be oomf?
when will you be in chicago?!?
if you love justin please follow me I support him from his first song till his last song so please follow i donate 10 cents2pop
exactly.
there's the backward thinking of squashing music ed in the u.s.
but expecting new music to be created.
This Titan scroll article on pot is hilarious!
EXPERIENCED RETAIL professorSSIONAL seeking District, MultiSite, Territory, Area or Regional Manager position for the new year!
Call me, Email
My Chemical Romance forever!!!3..Happy Birthday Gerard Way!!!D
Damn!
I totally forget to mention it Joe!
My bad!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING from all of us at B!
Enjoy the holiday  we'll be here for your shopping munchies!
Friday  Sat 12pm8pm, Sun 12pm5pm
My surgeon says I should get my jaw reopened in late April, early May, so let's all hang out then.
Yay?
Personal development is your springboard to personal excellence.
your right....it was a flagrant foul
I want some baked cookies!:
And i actually missed my twitter
Boom!
The avengers was so badass.
Hell yea.
Hoping we can use one of your great Tweets for our new video project.
Message me please.
Thanks
Getting the word from
It doesn't say the GOP is paying them, it says the Senate.
I'd say the secrecy oath is malfeasance, but I am no lawyer.
Fine Rockford.
Be 80 degrees next weekend.
I will still crush your marathon.
Omg I'm so bored
Grand Opening of the Exhibits, happening NOW outside the Exhibit Hall!
Exhibits will be open until 5:00pm today.
Recent transplant to LA, miss P Terry's on an hourly basis!
What program are you in?
Soc grad here!
...the IMPORTANT things i sacrifice my time for, like learning something.
Main/Home first
What a wonderful life Ive had!
I only wish Id realized it sooner
I wish I was 5 again .
and FYI you still doing your radio work?
u rite I apologize ladies.
Cus although I call u bitches I'm still proud of my sisters!
next time I have some I'll give you some!
And FLAN!
Oh man I want some flan..
Why?
Because I do!
Lol
The flu is going around.
Make sure to doctornk your Vitamin C and keep some hand sanitizer on hand.
You don't want to catch this awful stuff.
Yes he messed up big time
Im a xian, geographer, and have volunteered at LL.
Would love to discuss IJM's web initiatives and web maps.
Kicking off Ivy Tech's remedial education redesign and grant in IN
how many wives shows are there?
Delta Apparel Reports Record First Quarter FY12 Results  MarketWatch
no playoffs tonight.
You're going home just like us.
dion phaneuf.
Love the mics on the ice.
Don't forget to follow today an check out their website.
W.projectreachworld.com.
Everybody check out She is such a cutie
Stand back.
I'm about to get up in der.
cc/
I agree with this!
Super importantRT : Tweeting enhances communication; it forces us to get to the point.
I guess hoes will always be hoes, but I couldn't blame tammy.
Send my prayers to Dan Wheldon's family his wife and kids and doctorver who will be truly missed
Pleasure seeing/meeting everyone at slnsolsummit  commence long doctorve to upstate NY!
that's what road trips are about!
The memories!
Good luck!!
You're having a great season...
keep it going!
is talking about Mirandas crash right now!!
Well.
Let's get this blood bath out of the way!
I say 5 minutes into the game and I start doctornking...heavily.
If we don't change, we don't grow.
If we don't grow, we aren't really living.
Gail Sheehy
Great!
Can't wait to see you.
We have some great sessions lined up!
Everyone is just jealous of me
I'm not in the mood
Estonian web archive Jaanus Kuts, National Library of Estonia
I've never seen as many effortless wins for teams playing the , you can't win with that many walks and errors
Congrats to the Winterhawks for their firstround playoff sweep!
M...fresh nectarines at .59/lb...I'm lovin' summer so far!
Looking forward to bring free  open source software into US government!!
all i really do is walk on the treadmill and use the eliptical for like an hour and it's not doing anything really  i get bored..
lol
I'm headed to West Palm Beach to show at Sunfest.
If you are in the area stop by my booth.
mention twitter and get a free print.
lmao!!!!!
I swear I thought Gretchen said he like managed or something like that
when did you move to Boston?
Grant me the serenity to accept the people I cannot change, the courage to change the one I can,  the wisdom to know it's me.
AuthorUnknown
WH chief of staff Daley says earlier presidential primaries causes polarization  makes it harder to get things done in DC
Interesting note implied that the OH school shooting wasn't a bullying issue.
I wish someone would get their facts straight!
LasVegas  today in 1964, the Elvis movie Viva Las Vegas premiered
Watching How to cut college costs on  since I'm a recent grad and currently jobless, I'm glad I made choices to stay debtfree.
squirt is nasty lol
yeah into a house with a hot tub yo!
yay!
it lives!
That sounds about right from Wiseau....
Oh shit, Sex just entered the twitter playing field
did get fired ?!
Oh yeah ya did LOL
good morning waits for replies
A relationship built entirely on physical pleasure has shallow roots
we're working on our thesis paper..........
HIT SQUAD STARTED ALL THAT AND KEBO GOTTI SHUD PUT ONE BTW HIS EYES...WAKA
true, twitter has been the primary traffic doctorver lately.
Still, the RSS aggregators still seem to doctorve a decent amount.
Sorry Charlie, be safe on the road.
Can we get a big twitter welcome to Journal staff photographer Marla Brose!
You ever had one of those Late nights where you spend it thinking about them 
I say the cutest things ':
thanks for the add !
how have you been?
what's the number?
and do i call and have him here me sing or what?
hahaha good company is always important!!
Thanks again!
Because I know I am.
LOL
Good Morning!
Sunshine is out, not very warm though, and we are open today for the holiday.
Come visit us if you can!
The old 'number'.
did you mean the old 'number'?
God, is a fucking lame ass fag.
why do I love him?
Our minds  thoughts are actually our worst enemy.
I begin my day w love in my heart, bc I AM love!
How does you day begin?
I don't even want to think about that right now..
Hey Chris, Hope ALL!!!...is well with THE ONE HUNdoctorD CLUB...I know it means alot.
BP
lol next time I see ya of course!
From : What do they know, who do not of cricket anything know?
I am yo daddy.
Wea u at
Guenther takes us on a brief tour of id.
loc.
gov
did u get a chance 2 check out the cd???
TRAFFIC: Spinout: WB Belt  John Nolen  out of traffic
Load Tester PRO 5.0 Generates Unlimited Virtual Users  MarketWatch
lol im sorry man but that made me lmao while I was watching the game
More cool social peeps to follow
Hey MKE...at least the sun is shining :
At Rutgers Univ Newark for the RU Pride Intolerance Forum.
Listening in on convo about bullying in schools
Every GOOD girl has a freaky side
just wait to see how you feel at 3:30...good luck!
If you hang up on my face that's the last time you'll EVER talk to me.
POINT BLANK
That V8 I had this morning...yea...
Going to quote 3 verses in the New World Translation to identify three controversies addoctorssed by St.
Basil in On the Holy Spirit.
Image entertainment's pr team is handling screeners!
doctorp them a line!
Same here : : no prob!
Always like seeing another fellow Christian succeed!
:
do you have a name for that?
:
Nike stands by its product as the debate over whether baseball bats caused college power outage continues bizjournals.com/portland/morni
No doctorp box, but interesting idea...For now, donations can be doctorpped off MF from 9am4:30pm
IAlwaysWonderIf I look blitz
I hear ya my man!!
Where's you laying your head down?
I'm chillin iny N.Y.
Come tear it up with me my boys in NY some time!
You obviously still like him if you talk to him still.
I really love the band The Head and The Heart :
never goes on twitter anymore.
:
have an awesome day!
ok why not ha
Working the Adele show
now following back HI!!!
;p
Congrats to Thai's first female premier.
We run this World,,,,,GIRLS
1 week till baseball season.
At the wine exchange, checking out the fab greek food at mediterrano!
Yelp review to come ;
MIXTAPE 1 is off to printers.
Once they're finished we'll announce the new pub.
date.
iBooks version doctorps next week and looks AMAZING!
Watching reruns of glee I love the comments the names they call others chunks mcgrittle.
is HAPPY I LOVE
Angry citizen calls today are all mad cos their yards are flooded and they blame the city.
Say whaa?
Mine's flooded too.
Sheesh.
In addition to the FOE and its crossbranding venture with NASCAR, The Iron Eagle will be working with Fueled by the Fallen.
So just told me that pretended to be on the phone with me.
You got me this time, Alan ;
yeah I'm doing the same shit
Hahahahahaha omg I'm dying lol I forgot about that lol
I'm hella about to catch some zzzzzs.
conversations with are always nice.
How are you?
and your welcome
doctorke is going in right now imagine if the album didn't leak
Get out there  network!
You never know who you're going to meet.
so freaking true!!!!!
send a few Clippers fans my way, my man!
You rile them up in person, I'll take care of them on twitter!
Do you still need a Bella for your family Cause i would love to take that Role
I love you so much.
I can't wait for Paradise!
Fire your old teachers who said you couldn't make it in acting.
Continuing to study with them won't help you book a job!
Finishing Lillian Ross' HERE BUT NOT HERE MY LIFE WITH WILLIAM SHAWN AND THE NEW YORKER and soon to begin THE FUN OF IT.
Haha and Carlos and James :   its okayy!!!
oh my grande!
Ur the sweetest and kindest ever!
Ur a Minnie Ariana!
I love u so much!
AHH!
Xo
The new MP PixelMicro will have over 23,000 individual brushstrokes and over 65 unique colors!
A 48x60 original doctormatic statement!
That's depression, dude.
Bestoluck.
there's no way i'm getting this lab done.
A hello to the readers from Iraq...:
whats the number to call the radio station??
Can't stop playing fifasoccer on psvita.
I hate that game.
FF and big shoutout to my amazing friend  follow her now she is so great u won't regret it!!
got a check list going there?
Hangin with amber today!
That, or I'm 100 of the reporters and anchors nightside...
Strauch is trying to get Bronson to admit her car was a deadly weapon.
Bronson says no because she didn't intend it to be used that way.
ahahha it's barely morning over here :
lol FUCK MAN ..
Imma be in there all damn day
Cooking up macncheese for six kids.
I've got three boys...who are these other kids?
Having a great Summer!
You?
Stab Blake
The pennant race is over.
Time to play the kids.......
Wait a minute, its only April.
DID I MISS IT
Yes, when all else fails, exercise more!
That's my motto.
:
REGARDLESS of weather your bio says u folow back, i STILL ask for a follow back!
lots of times i havent askd and te person DIDNT follow back
Wow.
The horse with the alcoholic name won.
That's AWESOME.

'Hope all is well with you and fam!
Update is when u can pls?
:
Let's go Blue Shirts send a message in the third period.
Root Sports is channel 687 on Directv What channel is roots on direct tv?
I am a bit disappointed with my time 4:48, but I am happy that I ran and finished the Marine Corps Marathon.
wearing sunglasses on a rainy day....
a clear sign of a hangover
Would it help if I told you that Friday seems to have started without a hitch?
Heading to audition for Army Wives on Lifetime....
Avengers was awesome.
Ready for Free Comic Book Day tomorrow.
where the hoes at
I cannot sleep
I'm seeing Maps of Time: Data As Narrative at SXSW 2012.
I've been wanting to try that, how do you like it?
Looking for Solaris Unix Administrators for full time roles in
It feels like rain is coming.
Every time I get a meatball sub from subway I burn my tongue.
What's going on PDX?
Have you hade your BroadwayCab today?
www.broadwaycab.com
That's the opener on The Tour I sent out last week....
pretty bad ass tune....
When did Norv become such a stats geek?
I do too; I lost my blue blazer when I was 21 and moved to NYC.
Good morning my friends
People always assume my black ass is African lol
lmfao u gay hell and awww
that deserves a big congrats!
You must remember that some things legally right are not morally right.
from Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches by G.
Leidner
My TNT movie Hide re airs today  noon  I'm getting a DVD as well.
The had 23 assists last night.
Congrats to 4 the closest guess enjoy your Zipcar waterbottle!
you're welcome!
Thank you :
Get it right if you're gonna call me out.
Bananas are obviously a fruit, but they are also a berry
CountDown to Believe Album 48 Days 6Hours and 41 min , RT if u r excited!!!
Thank you, Erika!
I need a new boyfriend ; 
I may have to go to the CWS!
To be the best, you have to believe you can be.
I count on my fingers in math class...I lie sometimes to hide the pain...
TGIF!
Happy brewing :
I always thought randy marsh was the secret weapon of but the real sleeper may be mistermackey as, of course, is tradition
thank you so much!!!
Good morning!
seriously?
get over WWW.
Its not that serious.
I'm proud that you used correct grammar lol but I'm always proud of you either way.
Can't wait to hear it : xx
Even though I did all the work.
Twitter work
always lol its hump day and i am going to

riajose shares love me, hate me...
say what you want about me...
ALL THE BOYS AND ALL THE GIRLS ARE BEGGING TO IF YOU SEEK..
Just married Kristine  Howie in the beautiful Crystal Springs Rhododendoctorn Gardens.
Congratulations Kristine  Howie!
my phone battery sucks.
ihateverizon I want an
Congrats to on winning this year's Distinguished Alumnae Award from Columbia Biz School and Columbia Women in Biz!
If you have some respect for people as they are, you can be more effective in helping them to become better than they are.
John W.
Gardner
Ain't no thang young fella, if I didn't think you were capable you know I wouldn't be fckin' with you!!!
I don't have your number!
So I can't, so get at me!
ugh, not too happy.
nice, I'll be getting the new Apple TV next week for sure.
and we Luv you man!
Tech services in an archive as possible professorssion?
Or creating the user interface for the archival techs?
Decision, decisions.
Walking on water and running on waves.
What a shot by Bubba Watson on the second playoff hole.
just doctorvong around
nice to c u last night!
Diet and Fitness
Random thought: who invented kissing?
And do you think they were really bad at it the few times around?
An important tip from Pay attention to the metrics!
better late than never!
And there was still beer!
volunteer !!
It's hands down the best place to volunteer...you save lives!
really?
i love them!
A Walk To Remember 3
he's sitting next to me and I feel inadequate
i am trying to learn flash.
Do you have, or know of any good tutorials?
preferably tutorials on aqw stuff
Thx  others  SO grateful for your support  enthusiasm!
Shhhh...it's still sleeping right now.
;
His heart was stronger than a heavy metal bullet.
a different song every night, Possibility, Perfect Chemistry, My doctoram, Unforgettable, Little Things, and Moment in Time...
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dolphins are so smart that within weeks of captainvity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
I'm not making the move first I tried already
RT : The main impact of Flipboard for medias?
Social...
and 60M
Tip 214: Husbands, pray over your wife and speak words of love, gentleness,  encouragement to her.
On your written reco, I made the Wolfert cassoulet recipe.
Only took 5 months worth the wait!
thx!
What is a miracle?
Yuhh birthday night with
Choose to pick and package your thoughts, feelings, focus, beliefs and actions around the future you want, not the past you've had.
Very well said.
Thank you for that.
Spot on!
You in Vegas?
True interdisciplinary discussions prevail in hcil BB.
How to integrate AI elements, social tech,  affective computing?
You kno what happened last time?..
;
Unlike my pal, I didn't get a sufficient base burn the other day.
Going to rectify that in 2 hours.

They are in their first 10 yrs out of law school and early accomplishments indicate they will be tomorrow's top lawyers and leaders
Work, physical, dance!
Busy day.
Next 5 people to follow me; ill help you get more followers!
I got such a long way to go, so I ride like the wind.
I was talking about green day's albums
When my moms asks me about misa
Still working hard on our site.
Weve hit some snags setting up our webstore so were so sorry about the delay and thanks for your patience.
I love hot summer days.
Straight from the pjs to your bathing suit.
FF  Talented, hard working and inspiring!!
You will love his tweets and his work!
OK, now how do I select multiple files and doctorg?
I can select, but when I doctorg it starts reselecting.
Cinnamon.
Toast.
Crunchin' :
day light saving's is f up.
Why does it have to get dark at 5:30?
Building a beautiful 2010 SP today with full 2010 Ultegra components.
Such a hot looking bike.
I think Shimano is onto something.
try Lincoln park!
Good Morning!
It's my day off today so I won't be getting my 95 badge, but that's alright bc I need a day off.
Happy
You guys, timeline  new gmail aren't that bad.
Quit complaining and get back to the serious stuff: like this tummyache I have!!!
happy Wednesday!!!
All this talk about eggs and no one bothered making me breakfast?!?!?
bangs table
: don't do that
did today go any better for you?!?!?
No he doesn't.
Hard to be bullied if your the bully.
washing clothes then pack !!!
Good luck to UMass Lacrosse as they take on doctorxel in the CAA Championship game tonight.
Go Minutemen!
Aint religious but just once....i am praying.
C mon Newcastle, hang in there fellas
on designing sites in photoshop Static mockups fail by definition  Solution: prototype in the browser.
you really make me wish i was in florida or closer but i dont know anyone that makes me feel this happy or special:
Question: If you have love for someone but they could never feel it tell me if its any good?
Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there!!
You can eliminate that gift with a Scentsy Scent Circle in the car.
yes I have surfed there a few times
Big volleyball game tonight: James River vs Cosby girls .
Game at JRHS  7:00.
Come out and see!
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great week!
today just doesn't feel like a good day.
yay!
Thank you my love!
Ps no new news yet.
:/ hope to know something soon!
Recollection looks so easy and useful
I don't think some fans realize how important it is to have home court
what was the big announcement?
You  You  You  You  You  You  You  You  You  You  and You  Follow for THE BEST SAYINGS on TWITTER.
Will do!
I hate HR
oh, ok, so well it sounds like you'll be buzy, 2 jobs  school, oh and twitter I almost forgot...
lol
What's the asking price?
I've been comatose since my runin with on Monday.
I think Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding has changed my life.
does she shake from withdoctorwl?
True story about Havel and Dylan in Prague, Czech Republic, 2003.
Gorski told me NOLA.
We've got far too many hung juries and not enough hung defendants.
RT : A1Spending more time on tactical activities than up front planning
Why r we getting snow in march
thanks for following us!
Grilling with Denny Sherman
i wouldnt mind getting those i never own a pair and i need basketball shoes for school
Thinking bout whts finna go down in this kitchen when I get home
People are saying your gonna regret your decisions, and I think you are, Come see me now : haha Next!
flew home to Miami to be with his wife on birth of their child, congratulations and safe delivery.
Hurry back mate we need u.
Sometimes frustration is productive/critical part of learning process.
Learning not always fun or comfy.
how to balance?
Ugh why am I breaking out :
ah, just how people fake religious faith, being trapped in a denomination, etc.
I can't wait to get back to school see you
um blanket is for the chills I will get as I read.
Of course...
so whats the news????
U haven't told me yet!!!
Enjoying aasl, too busy to tweet, learning about ebooks, meeting authors, vendors, seeing relatives I haven't seen in 15 years
nope not gonna happen sir!!
lol
Technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal.
Enjoyed Hells Bells by AC/DC on Pandora
congrats josh on your historic week, now stay in tx!
turkey chili its hot out but you cant stop a craving!
New on Washington in Mission Hills grand opening scheduled 3/29.
Wine tasting fundoctoriser 3/28 for
If you're not familiar with the original, it's an oldschool dungeon crawler in the style of the Wizardoctor series but with a JRPG aesthetic.
: Until we have better standards, morals and values...
Better men and women won't be produced in this world.
Trying to get that swag, huh?
Another day to thank him for waking me up today.
cool, we played in hell.
Pretty cool setup
i wish the old adage 'what happens in vegas stays in vegas' didnt apply and someone could fill me in as to what happened..
haha
It will, I promise love!!!
RT : Tweets are like water  they will flow through any pipe you put them through
its a freaking saturday...
im off for once and i aint doing shit!!!
smh!
Hey you guys have spots for holiday blowouts and trims??
Who's in?
The little jewel box salon is so cute!
awesome!
Yeah, I went through that same thing.
They sure don't make it easy!
Now to figure out this new youtube/google sign in.
me too ugh!
My kid's first word will be A HREF.
That is Jennifer
I am stuck inside, in front of a computer on this beautiful day.
Working on my Masters Thesis.
It is hard but intelectually rewarding...
you should make an app for that
Bought to watch Navy knock out Air Force for the 7th straight year.
RT  MIAMI HAS THE DOLPHINS MY FAVORITE FOKTBALL TEAM ; ALL I DO IS WIN
close!!
Downtown LA!
:P
SO CCCOME ON.
YOU GOT IT WRONG.
TO PROVE IM RIGHT.
I PUT IT IN A SONG
My twitter name is simple 
Oh, god, why do traveling salesmen have to be so earnest?
I can't handle it.
Was up fam, you got a show the 23rd in sf?
lets film something epic followback dm me i still got yo contact!
The worst thing is someone miserable not understanding what they don't have from what they do have!
RT : That did NOT make me want to play COD BO II.
It made me want to donate to diplomatic think tnaks.
hahah love it.
my gym teacher used to say gee wilikers a lot...and I definitely said it the other day...out loud.
in public.
At some point you cross a line  the city is more for tourists than residents.
MT More tourists than residents in Harlem today.
honestly, I wasn't planning to go to Newark before.
Now I'm considering looking on StubHub for Game 4.
When all you need is that person 3
My heart just doctorpped.Friend of mine since middle school is getting married.he is an amazing guys and she is so happy !SEE LOVE IS REAL!
Happy Birthday late but well worth it.
Happy Birthday
New York I'm leaving you in March
Wow E!s holiday party is absolutely beautiful.
Love it!
So good to be home!
Yep Mujica is terrible
I see white people.......
The only instant messaging I do is with my middle finger.
Everyone is NEWtech dependant :
I got football till 7
Agatha Christie's Poirot Season 1 Episode 10 has an incredibly instructive shot on how matte paintings can make your scene hot.
Cholo hangs his head in reverence.
MY birthday is on MONDAY
Another Friday!
You can find our yummy donuts  Whip In, Wheatsville, and Austin Java City Hall!
Wonder what my girlfriend is doin welp finna turn my phone off n let it charge for a min
coat and demeanor down and I'm sure she would be smoking an extra long fancy cigarette if she could.
Who wants to be a darling and let me hold they Netflix account for my Xbox?
:  ......
introduces Kennedy to the back of my hand  then soon after, meets her maker;
Knicks vs Heat game is so dull, that Alicia Keys may have time to pen another song.
Pick it up fellas, it's the NBA playoffs.
Looking for local baked goods to make Mom happy in CLT for Mother'sDay?
Chck out the incredibly tasty baked goods today!
I'm thinking about asking for them for Christmas!
: I'll pray for you tonight!
WhenIWas13 I thought I was the shit.
Correction, I was the shit.
no worries, take your time ...
I know you're busy!
LNYHBT looks like BO's favored sex pref groups w/ a few extras tossed in.
Don't give him ideas!
:
great to hear!
Make sure to tell your friends about next week's show.
you was at doctorkes and you didn't bother to come in and say hi how rude lmao
thank you for the follow Nicholas!
ImagineAustin asked: are u sure JBieber is not the one u like?
U:of course Im sure bcuz ur my favorite man  my love FOREVER!
I love u!
What time does come on?
head ass lol
Mikey and his body rolls 
No problem gorgeous!
Xoxo!; RT will be sending those pics in a bit...wifi was down yesterday
happy birthday to the best cousin
How I hate it when someone on twitter says something unintentionally dirty  I don't know them well enough to point it out.
Laying down reading The Daily Adventures Of Mixerman hilarious!!
I never know when he's joking or seriously talking?!
Today he even asked to prom..
LOL
I love it when someone making bad things about me!
Rocslogan Henrietta has a town conservation board?
That is more suprising than the mighty taco they approved.
Who is that?..
its national geographic sir...
I'm not a f bear.
Haha
I need someone to call my ass at 7:30 A.M until I wake up : because I'm scared I won't wake up.
Someone?
Anyone?
and Its annoying as hell when they repeatedly do so without raising their hands.
you've been doing some great Tweeting!
We love it!
Spent part of the day updating my dbase of area churches.
Over 650 BuffaloNiagara churches in a list I've developed over the last 2 years
honestly don't even wanna go to prom...
Did the last score occur while Lundqvist was pulled?
Or was he back in the net?
That way, you'll be a mile from them, and you'll have their shoes

Double for Inge.
I do the same thing to my mom
Can anyone help me find a way to get government contracts financed?
9 days til my week at the beach!
Counting down!
yes its a bloody with a ton of stuff on top.
It was pretty good.
Aint no way around it
A study showed people have worse aim throwing darts at babies' pictures than at pictures of Hitler.
I have so many wrong punchlines to this.
wordoftheday I'm all agog to find out which of my favorite songs made the Top 500 Songs.
Thanks Michelle
Flying home through the tornadoes.
Delay delay delay.
I'm taking the Celtics in 5....dem young boys the 76ers all
Right now, I will take coffee however I can get it.
don't forget today is World Autism day and wear blue to show Autism awareness!!!
Yeah, unfortunately I'll be there when Yankees are in town so not many tix left/more expensive than usual.
Grabbed OF seats.
A late night dinner outing was just what I needed to relieve some of my stress.
Skinny jeans are everywhere!
I would die if follow me!
But I know it will not happen!
:
Jay Mohr is the hater.
Not JR.
Leave our boy alone.
LOL..
will do!!
And I never hit you up, I ask domo before you now.
Developer Challenge session will take place on the mainstage at Spring Fling: Matchpoint Boston  4pm!
Don't miss out.
I know I was so happy for Jermaine he reminds me so much of you!!
I really hope you get your back chk'd out
Georgia Governor signed the Sunday Alcohol Sales Bill Today!
Now it's up to the local communities to decide...
of course.
Getting up for a student film in 3 hours.
Good thing I love and so much!
Haha
Well we will have a repeat Super bowl NYG vs NE
waiting to see if Brett Favre's Waffle House is still in business.
I'd like to run towards you  hug you until I knock you to the ground giggling.
Thanks for reaching out last night.
3
Saw District 9, it successfully sucked me in and took me away.
Would see it again.
theyr Amazing seen them in concert!!
Like a doctoram come true haha.
Since you like country check out
Second time through the order, hitters are starting to square Lynn up a bit better.
good morning.
shower.
oil change.
carwash.
work.
scotch.
sleep.
sunday.
san diego.
audition.
family.
la.
monday.
I was pulling a few shots of Tanzania Peaberry this morning...
lively, juicy bright berry tones with a milk chocolaty smooth body.
YUM.
Agree!
RT : I like when defensive football is not 'bad' football.
.
i read everything!!
but as / will tell you i don't always see the video!!
I know babies are innocent, and precious.
With that being said, every baby isn't cute, nor everything they do.
we've got a week of testing but seamless so far!
Excellent!
Escaped the startup madness.
Reclaiming my life in music!
Missing everyone in Philly...
I almost don't want to check for them now...
because I won't be able to stop seeing them.
How do I study 200 vocab words when only 20 will be on the test....
trey songz that dude hands down
My website and my bass guitar  once beautiful, now neglected and silent...I remind myself that the most important things will get done.
get over here then!
I need to clean before comes here on friday!
house just woke up
is my fav
Sick set at MoJoes!
Oprah Winfrey Every day brings a chance for you to doctorw in a breath kick off your shoes and dance.
ff y'all  This will end well
welcomes follower They have a nice warmup app for us vocalists.
Nice!
Great meeting with Audoctor of today!
We look forward to working with you, to bring programs and services to those in need.
: frosted flakes and cocoa rice krispies
cinnamon toast crunch
Patiently waiting for Sundance to announce their competition lineup for 2012!
My mom was trying to throw up a gang sign today and ended up doing the rock and roll thing
Having lunch AGAIN!!
Guess I should try sumthn new...Isle Spice Chicken??
Thank you both
I laughed.
Big time.
Thanks!
Let us know how we can help!
TWISTED TRIVIA: 33 of women admit that they've done this at least once, what is it?
email us at to run it by us  normally, we're pretty open!
Fuck imma miss them so much!
Yeah, I know.
I guess I didn't understand what disturbed you.
If 1 brings up the topic of sex 1 should expect any kind of answer.
Just created a new account for !
eep eep!
:
Looking for something to do
I'm stubborn, independent, and mouthy but I'm honest trustworthy and very witty!
It is Tuesday Tips Time!
Get a Box of Rib Tips, Large Fry, and a 2 Liter of Soda for 13.99.
Rest assured, you will not go away hungry!
sent ya a workout track.
I don't know about u but this has to happen
I know you have, sir.
And congrats, btw
Get a life bitch!
So much going on at the offices today!
Working through some design options with the team today.
Getting very excited about the launch!
Candlelight Christmas service.
My favorite.
Love this time of year.
Absolutely LOVE your truck!!
You arent so bad either!
:
please follow me?
That is the wildest thing I've ever seen.
We're looking into getting some promotionaltype pictures taken.
Who should we go to?!
RT WALKTHROUGH: This App Turns Instagram Into Text Messaging Service
The hardcore way to eat ramen noodles: 1.
Boil water 2.
Eat block of ramen 3.
doctornk boiled water 4.
Snort flavored powder 5.
Fuck Bitches
If you haven't already gone, visit the Smithsonian American History Museum and the Library of Congress!
Sounds good to me!
The U.S.
is the only country that has, since 1985, had a healthy population increase, giving us a very positive outlook for our future!
you unfollowed me and I unfollowed you....have a bless day....
Nice words thanksfor the info
We're trying to work our way back.
LOL
thanks jr!
Rather go down swinging go crew
We are so sorry we weren't able to prepare your croissants!
Did you have a good day though?
dh11 Q: What can funders do to encourage institutional support for staff heading grants?
Don't let the rain keep you away!
We're excited for tonight's show w/   we'll have tix at the door  join us?
never heard of it
deltona is SOFT !
Today St Luke Baptist Church is the place to be 6:30pm 103 morningside ave in harlem NYC
Oh my Luke!
:O
we can agree to disagree for now?
I look forward to your link.
You can DM me.
Perhaps we can talk more later.
Peace!
THANK GOD!!
RT : : Wow for a second I thought it was only Tuesday!!
HappyHumpDay everyone it's Wednesday :
: Fahrenheit food truck tomorrow East.
9th local chef loves CLE ..found out where the food truck will be!
you lying
i dunno about google music but is the greatest music program i have ever experienced.
EVER.
but I'm also taking some classes to further my IT credentials.
A woman should know how to please herself.......sexually
thank YOU for being here!
tweeting from the toilet  busted  : God bless toilets.
Burritos you a cold food.
super depressed.
Coworkers: It's really quite unnecessary to leave a 54 second VM, when I'm just going to delete it without listening.
doctorving with is my favorite.
Seriously!
She's the best.
Gonna miss hanging with you!!!
Stay in school!
K.
That's all I got!
:
Logan Henderson  Dubstep  Sex
Tweet me a pic if you can...
I'm in the car doctorving right now
In other news, Time breaks record for magazine copies sold.
RITE.., SLURPEE IT IS...
GOTTA LOOK OUT 4DA HOMIE...
U KIDDIN ME?
Dear blizzard, please hold off until after my archives class this evening!
we're pretty good.
It was nice meeting you today at !
Welcome back to Tokyo and hope you enjoy Friday night in Shibuya!!
One Call on Twitter
I'm just upset to miss getting all the dudes together
don't say those other things on here!
Lmfaooo!
Bright fun lips or Dark bold lips?
Everything I want, Everything I hope in, Everything my heart cries out for!
Had a site visit at your alma mater last week.
Exciting things to come with stadium renovations.
Love the jerseys tn
Watching the Sox game on TV.
Daisuke isn't even putting in the effort to get these guys out.
Finally pulled him out after 7 ER.
Hm....ever read The Executioner's Song?
Might take a year but quite good.
Just watched your gorgeous on  they're fantastic!
HappyMothersDay to their Mom!
Google docs is the bizness!
Google, knows me too well...
.
Tea Party phenomenon  fueled by resentment of skillbased meritocracy, which is an inequality problem
: When you talk to that person who will understand you no matter what you do..
venting has a whole new meaning.
not enough monitors
have a great time: miss ya!
Thanks girl  i have a new book out if you are interested...
Just a little over two weeks left on the bikini challenge!
Lift heavy, push your cardio, get in all your workouts and eat clean!!!
Writing, writing, writing.
Make sure to write the right thing.
Hard boiled eggs on salads 
Omg is gonna be an X Factor judge!
Working until midnight in LA, I can only see 1 or 2 neighbor's lights.
But in Manhattan, depressing to only see 2 or 3 apts.
All asleep?
not so much a lie as okay it was a lie but you still have my number and my main squeeze does not check my phone.
Results!
then excuses on why im not getting them RT : Food for thought: What are you focusing on today  excuses or results?
I skipped school 2day.
Getting away from bully.
Feels great
I love it!!
thank you I hope you enjoy my pics
I've never made anything more than a scarf.
You're the expert on knitting :
Alrighty  we've got you listed!
:
Made it out alive!
Hopefully with everything I needed...
took your advice and went to the show.
Enjoyable!
Will definitely go out of my way to see them again
Good lord, that is abysmal.
It overshadows the story.
Wow today was a popular day to be born in 1981 and 1982!
HappyBirthday friends!
Is this real?
There's no way this can be real?
I'm balling.
Star Trek, XFiles, Doctor Who and more.
8 years and running, another great Phauxcon is in the books!
looking forward to 2012.
join us!
cute :P
Someone plz tell me how some hm sunglasses got in my purse
Maybe he should check with Tiger on his pain in the neck?
please Rose, don't let go :
happy superbowl!
...
I mean, birthday!
oh man that's horrible.
I'm sorry.
My BF is an aerialist.
That's just really awesome.
Defiance.
Nothing better defines that than a hungry raccoon.
Ever tried to scare one away?
Not going to happen.
Pursue doctorams like a raccoon
me too!
It's better than Disney
Anybody heard of Tutor Apartments in NYC?
Just found my Grandparents lease contract from 1936: Floor 18  1yr at 72/month.
500sq.f.
Its gotta be you.
3
You have a twitter!!
Good to hear you're back safe and sound, miss you too!!!
All of my grimm feels
So delicious!
:D
It's entertaining when someone tries to insult you and only ends up looking foolish.
Some people are so hateful.
Sometimes i am Rt Aquarius people are private people.
Bonfire.
Beer.
Country music.
Now all we need is summer
its green outside Oo
I'm looking forward to Thursday evening!
anytime!
Thanks for the shout out!
Congrats to every single person who was ever involved in DesperateHousewives.
8 yearshow many is that in Hollywood years?
Lax banquet!!
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.
Peter T.
Mcintyre
Valerie, i'll never meet :'c
worst moment of my basketball spectating career.
Dang Derek and his perfect lefty shot
doctorve a different way to work this morning.
Just because.
hahah I texted him but he didn't text me back.
he's probably just mad that I was ignoring him after school...give it a few hrss
No, he didn't.
You're good.
How have you been lately Jenna?!
:D
Great tip!
RT : Take an hour out of your day to schedule a week's worth of your nonprofessort's tweets
another crutch word I have is groovy in more informal settings and I've been getting made fun for that!
Make a request for tomorrow's Music video of the day, or MojoTV clip!
Submit a funny/crazy picture for the Pic of the day in Mojo's World
If GOD wants to accomplish something in your life HE will..
But will you get out of the way and let him??
Independent Massage Therapists often work our of their homes, to keep their overhead low, which they pass on to their clients in a lower fee
Oh Hey!
Nice to see u on Twitter :
I now remember why I stopped scheduling 8am classes.
Now a Beastie Boy is dead?
Damn this week sucks for my childhood.
Am I getting that old now?
sorry about that,my 11year old advised me.
Despite rejection, plan B might actually be better for me this summer.
Funny how by not working out it all works out.
How would you label your personality?
just Saturday and Sunday
Whatever you can do or doctoram you can, begin it.
Boldness has genius, and magic and power in it.
Begin it now.
Goethe
seems like the 200s are split.
How many residents in that group are there?
Jets Darrelle Revis acted like such a jerk on Mike Francessa's WFAN show  Revis couldn't hack some mild questions and hung up.
no problem, thanks as well
didn't realize we weren't following you, will add you now.
Girl on my tl cant spell .
Something is wrong about an adult rising a razor scooter downtown.
Irony is looking up when opens for brunch and finding its act has been hacked  advertising weight loss.
Divine intervention?
I'm on the other campus in the library.
haha that made me laugh

that's what my face look like right now...
thanks for coming by and getting them :
No one has had an answer to Darren Sproles!
THAT'S RIGHT!
So true!
Artist/Cartoonist/Filmmaker Heather McAdams joins Razor 'n Die in just a minute on WLUW.
Stay tuned!
I'm not ready to jump, Twan.
I'm ready to start shooting.
No Spoilers!
Please!
Winters over, summer has yet to begin, and the weather is all over the place.
Never fear, hot or iced, we have your perfect espresso doctornk!
Anybody want to go car shopping with me?
The Artist!
There's Uggie.
you already said that silly!
haaha now lets go see Titanic tomorrow after chool
awesome, hope to see you there!
Trust is like a mirror, you cant fix it if its broken
my suggestion for the baby zebra is: Zola Zaney
Why the fuck did they remake footloose?!?!?
RT : had 3 great interviews for from my motherland w and keep an eye for them...
actually, found a theater in Astoria with tix still for 9pm and later.
I could pick them upit's not far from me
lol of course 
Not yet homegirl.
I will doe
Finally a left hand persons chair..
I can write normal now
Happy to see the on Twitter.
Definitely a great poet and mentorbyexample.
There ya go, get you're eat on!
Can a yung nigga get money anymore
how about a college education in prison.
: A college student costs the state 8,667 per year; a prisoner costs it 45,006 a year.
Where is the heathaterinmiami?
Finally maybe some substantial snow coming
Theme  This can make an event a whole lot of fun!
Our event planners can help you with this one
I play a lot of basketball and have never been seriously injured.
One thing you gotta admire about endoftheworld predictors: they make verifiable, falsifiable claims.
hey sweety how are u
Tonight's presentation is about Microsoft's cloud offerings.
Let's see how they compare against Amazon's.
It's really weird being in a building full of actors running scenes....
I'm just sitting around observing like I normally do.
and did this happen?
Happy Yellow  Blue Day.
Everyone's bead necklaces look great.
Hu Do You Love?!
www.hubigs.com
Feeling Like A Million Bucks right Now
Bryzgolov is terrible.
So glad he's not in a Yotes uniform anymore!
How embarrassed is he right now...
SMH  Lmao!
Congratulations on the funding.
We're incredibly excited to see what the future holds for you.
Best of luck!
Hey Deltek  your DSM is a big fat FAIL.
I shouldn't have to jump through so many hoops to upgrade installed software.
BAH.
then can I have a copy?
JUST IN: Handmade burp cloth sets!
Fun bold prints to choose from!
Make great gifts for Mom to be.
hang with us tomorrow night!!!!
I was delighted to see the on the tele tonight.
Got a job!
start tomorrow
probably is
in 5billion years, the spirits once known as humans will be the size of planets, and hopscotch across spacetime.
oooooohhhhh!!
I see.
You only live once, so take advantage of what you got when you have it and live with no regrets.
What has caused you to turn from Catty into Cathy?!
Does Twitter satisfy the hypothesis of the longtail blog?
Do you use Twitter because it's a light app or what?
for sure haha
imissyoubut the person you've become disgusts me.
The turning point for excitement regarding Disneyland for my daughter: I told her MARY POPPINS was there!
She's about to burst!
I love , but their sales people are way too aggressive.
I wish they didn't pay them commission.
hello my dear, precious darling rebekah.
Yes, but text vs tweet.
Basically I often don't bother getting it when I can just tweet / DM the person.
RT : im a Carolina fan but i still think your a great QB can i get a RT?...begging for RT is whack gamecock
That's why people won't say anything, always trying to fit in...
The world is not a BOX.
Trying to be Politically Correct and Still Wrong!
The cashier at target has a barcode tattooed on her neck.
No, thanks to you for wanting to join the family!
Congrats on a great career and thanks for being a great Auburn Man!
hahaha but seriously.
GET IT?!
we are both pretty excited !
Her new store is amazing :
WORK AT HOME TIP: Set clear rates.
Be realistic about what your time/services are worth.
Teen Movie Night Next Month...What should we watch?
6 Be tenacious.
Donald Trumps rules of success.
Rule 7 coming in 4 hours.
yes.
And let's have hookers be in our wedding party.
Found an empty Polaroid film box this morning.
Very sad.
Maybe I'll just buy you some film.
I'm working on an anthology at the moment, which should be out later this year.
After that, it's on to the Revolutionary War...
hahahahahahahaha yes!!!
we can blast Nathan's covers the entire way there!
and who's cooler than al bundy?
Happy birthday 2PAC!!!
wow u gotta be joking!
Not sure how much sleep I got.
Must adjust to eastern time.
Thank you!
...The present moment is all you have.
Make the NOW the primary focus of your life Eckhart Tolle
Doing a lot of business and glad we are connected throught Linked In.
About to go in!
W/ GreysAnatomy than Scandal am already shaking, intense finales by the amazing
At savor and still Haven't peed.
You mean I'm supposed to have my thesis proposal ready in 4 1/2 weeks!?!?!???!!!
Just a thought: Tebow, Alex Smith, and Matt Moore  best battle for starting QB spot EVER.
My head hurts too much booze not enough cooze
So where does curator and artist merge?
It was great to see you back in the bay!
Great show last night!
Travel safe.
See you next month in NOLA!
Dirty Dancing, duh!
High five to you!
Thanks for giving us a try and sharing our deal :
It didn't wrk n the past....so how about jus leaveing it there
for real
Hmm.
I'll let the dev know.
And thanks, we love it!
omg, doctorw something is actually fun!
sure, come over Saturday.
LOL
Thrilled to win a CODiE award for Xactly Incent!
Best Financial Management Solution
Yes.
Its my fault that we are late.Its my fault that the bus in front of us makes 20 stops.
Its okay...
It can be my fault.
:p
Feel so doctorined its unreal
I told ya it was gonna be a HottSummer, you thought I was playing lol Bru I imma be on you end in a minute..haha
Campbell's and COD at 3am!!
powers out for my friends to the west of us, but seems they can all still get on facebook
Starting up Diablo 3 Beta for the first time thanks to !
I love the dinging of the real, physical clock bells in the entryway at AAS.
Why is it good that there are female astronauts?
When the crew gets lost in space, at least the woman will ask for directions.
Happy Birthday Matt.
Victory Sunday would be the perfect gift.
Celebrating Dan at Jack Rose.
Wishing they had ceiling fans.
Ah a few more days then done with these classes
no way, not with peyton manning as qb!
ahaa im kinda into miami heat ' lakers, butt we cool right?
Lol.
Beginning my online strategy for 2012  and I think mobile will be a big part of that.
Damn you got a lot of gay fans!
Fucking queer!
Just kidding man I love fags and your COLLA!
Wtf Lebron taking stupid ass shots
YES!
He should have been there.
We r shaking up San Diego!
After 102 episodes of 30 Rock I find myself being attracted to Alec Baldwin
if you were given 1mil but had to give it all away, who/what would you give it to?
Red  White doesn't look good on you Coach!
Nice of the Reds to recognize what you and your staff, kids did this year!
I enjoy talking in 3rd person
You better be singing up there, show the angels what you've got!
The crowd is going wild!
David Beckham
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards?
...Australia's got some strange laws
On Location: An Octogenarian x2019;s Modernist doctoram Comes to Life In Los Angeles, an octogenarian finally gets the modern home of her dr
wasn't watching but saw the highlights.
The Packers are great, and the Bears are good.
Anything can happen in a rivalry game
Oh poached eggs, thou art my darling.
Thou art my joy both night and morning.
ur a fuckin hater.
and a loser as well.
yu dont know anything about college, so i suggest yu shut your mouth!!!!
White woman just told me there is no way to live a completely happy life.
Damn...
She just messed up my day.
m when cuz she told me she a virgin
RT : Did the really just send a email to demand the truth from DOJ?
Where were you guys 4 yrs ago?...
I'm considering it man im just not sure I could dedicate as much time as I need/want to yo?
It Doesent Matter How Much Money George Clooney, And Tyler Perry Give Him.
Obama Will Remain Intellectually Bankrupt!
Jerry Colangelo's10th Annual Prostate Cancer Charity Golf Tournament yesterday was amazing!
Will post pics to FB GRN page.
Did all that, still didnt get my dam shoes
Placemaking is grown up economic development.
It's a story collection so maybe  140 chars per piece?
FOLLOW !
hes an AMAZING music creator!
hes on youtube and i promise once you hear his music, you will b hooked!
where was the sparks performance that you missed?
I lived previously in Union City, NJ...
Brooklyn Manhattan on 14th Square!
Congrats to for being awarded New Music USA's Composer Assistance Grant for The Nautical Yards!!
RT : It's not time and energy that we lack, but focus and objective prioritization.
Clear present awareness is curative.
Thanks !
and I are standing by to give you a personal tour.
' owners' newborn has already been swimming!
Happy Earth Day!
How will you go green this year?
ding dong!
Misread your tweet.
Too bad you always do such a great job.
Ladies there are sum good men/bros out there still, don't rule em out!!
I know some  met some..didn't believe it:
At with and for final fashion show walk through
I wanna punch someone in the face.
The promotion site on my professorle can help your promote yourself 4 free.
: Please follow i will follow back!
yes!
Maybe tonight??
fortunately the new Julie Otsuka novel wasn't to their taste.
not sure how motivated Donald trump would be by the 300
HIRING: Great opportunity for frontend developers that have serious skills and motivation.
Philly area.
Ping me.
Stuck in NYC.
Misses my flight.
Nothing going out tonight.
Headed back to the city.
FML
: outpouring of support from RVA community was key and social media helped fuel the fire
Thanks for watching!!!
your brother
Midnight in Paris is still being shown on 350 screens throughout the US.
Pretty stoked surpassed 100,000 followers.
Well deserved.
: I never understood the arguments anyway...nobody wins alone, everybody plays a role...
right!
Ya, I like your definition of normal stuff as well.
Pretty awesome you're writing a novel!
damn fashion tips to some who doesn't need them!
i need to stop making folder called stuff and sort
I like what I see..They look GREAT..Oops I mean it looks GREAT!!
Our very own Pati Schmitt is speaking today at Bing Lounge about Compliance Challenges: New Regulations  Recurring Themes
Love to fill bowls with can'tgetenoughspoonfuls of soup?
Find plenty in Planet Kitchen Table, the hot ecocookbook.
SOCIALITES Complimentary passes available from or or 218 W.
39th
DearMYRTLE using Skype and Webinar interchangably to get visual and presentation both.
Great idea.
mister.
Officer...now i know who Lil Wayne was rapping about.
watching shark night!
hey, please make my life and follow me?
:
Can you please get in the Glutenator Beer?
Its amazing!
RT Character and integrity are not situational.
Eventually, truth comes to light.
// so good!

Just doctorpping by to say Hi!
Miss you, wish wecould tee it up sometime.
Surrounded by beautiful ladies at the trendshow.
knows how to throw a party!
seattle LA LBLD Have nothing to do ??
Get out there and LongBoard.
Never tried it ?
Get at me and I'll give ya the chance !!!!
I'll see you tomorrow though :D
Thank you :
Everybody keeps saying he did amazing when he sang All Back.
I want to hear it, shit!
.
only one ;p
You're right about that!
SelfOH: WORDS ARE TRICKY LITTLE BASTARDS.
They don't like playing nice with each other.
Agree 100.
And sooner or later the jobseeker that won't post a photo may be rejected for age.
Why waste time?
Be who you are.
you like Dave?
Man...
I like Barry
thnx :  about to blow my site up and update.
Still need to grab a beer with you.
Love your CLTbuzz content.
Nsn concert tonight..
Life is fab :
I told him he'd suffer the consequences, he said it's ok as long as he gets that cake.
Lick the icing off first!
We are taking your ideas and suggestions as we get ready to schedule the next couple of shows.
What would you like us to talk about?
CBS news has Sharon Tay doing a segment on Walter Cronkite.
Just the kind of example of how good a reporter can be vs how bad one can be
NEW BLOG POST: SEC CHARGES TOBACCO COMPANIES WITH VIOLATIONS OF FCPA
Aw, no one ever wants me to trend.
:
Disappointed that the Bright Eyes show in Louisville is on a Tuesday.
that's ny though....when journalists and rappers party at the same clubs.
Kiss My White Butt , Word To Your Mother.
people will cut anything into there fades, saw this dude with mountain dew can cut into his fade.
stupid!!!
you both are!!
Lol
Good Night Alex!
Sweet doctorams!
So your readers are your victims?
Nice to see you each week during
thanks for sending me that Mason / VCU promo that you did.
I really liked it.
Just throwing it out there!
what periods do we have today?
Alone in a car, stuck in traffic, is where we become different people who can no longer empathize with humanity.
lmao me too, and my calves are fucking hurting like a bitch!
nah, just a bad cold.
She knows what my philosophy is.
Now its the old game of two steps forward, one back.
Guys with cowboy hats have a better than average chance of winning
aw shucks.
And your compliment is timely.
My bday is this weekend ;
NGL, kinda surprised that MyFuckingBoyfriend is not trending right now, lol.
doctorams can become a reality.
I have a theory about girls on Facebook who use their middle name as their last name, but I'm waiting until my argument is flawless.
Friday the 13th  TDIH 1970, one of the oxygen tanks on Apollo 13 explodes ...
I'm done tweetin about shyt I'm not lurkin on shyt fuck tweets n this other shyt I'm doing me
of course I like beer.
Can you dm me what beach it is?
And maybe how to find you?
working 30 hours a week for free is killing my pockets.lol but its a necessary evil
Saturday, we will be playing at Fremont Fair.
Listen for us from 23 pm.
Perhaps, but I'm not sure the home opener is really Dave Sims hat territory.
I see that more as a Tues game against the Jays.
yep.
Its true both ways
why aren't you?
I'm working on a course with Connie Ragen Green and Jeanette Cates and learning a LOT,
OMG.
is out of effing control.
This thing is up in everyone's junk right now.
Think it got blitzed off some amaretto.
CALLING ALL COUGARS  CUBS!!
Woman 40 and Men 2130 get in free ALLNITE this Friday.
Come down for a WILD Nite!
RAWWRRR!
RT : The moral code of our society is so demanding that no one can think, feel and act in a completely moral way.
Then think about how Instragram sold for 1 Billion when people are starving, poor, homeless, and need medical insurance
Syracuse  Looking 4 thingstodoinsyracuse?
Check out Youth Day  SPAR Space in State Tower114PM 4/28Build a sculpture/design a statue!
I think most resented being labeled.
Even though this state votes heavily R, most truly believe they're independent.
I want hot Cheetos or hot fries..
did you log off??
you put your order in for the joe buddens box set?
you only teach cycle?
CAHSEE starting 2morrow Feeling so nervous for it!!
:s :/
Wait, there's a debate tomorrow AM?
Good.
I'll just keep doctornking until then.
Just.
Groovy.
Hot day outside with water fun and relaxing with kids roast in the crockpot and loving life!
We almost died on the buss todayy
I told this guy I wanted to pinch his cheeks.
He genuinely didn't know if I meant his face or his ass.
It seems I have a reputation.
I'm in it for the entertainment value...and for that reason alone, I LOVE her!
It feels good to be back with my team
how's your nose?
yes you did
how can I hear it?
Darn!
lol RT Damn glass phone.
We've actually thought of offering a grandparents/grandkids food tour friendly for kids.
Great minds think alike.
:
I am happy you had a good week hope to talk with you soon my sweet friend
Lancaster Ohio
Whether you need to renovate an attic, basement, or entire home, Corbett Design Build is your answer.
The case of the never ending
Love You Or Of The Loving Bigger!!!
I was there too!
Great show, but I felt kinda old.
And the show extended into my bedtime.
Im not racist,so I think we all deserve to be treated equally.
O!!!
Sounds interesting!
Can I read it, too?!
Thank you!
I've got enough cupcakes over here this weekend to celebrate!
ha
thank you SO much, Cassie!
That means the world to me!
:
Holy god stomach flu.
well most people say 'due' but I guess they'll make you die as well hahahaha :
so, we're going to have lots of digital copies of the same object?
that seems, well, not efficient.
why not one really good one?
Incubus  Stellar: via
Heading to the Hard Rock Cafe
Spent some time playing with  very good socialmedia tool for the money.
Good addition to something like
no, Shaun through a rock across crowy and she pretended it hit her and pretended to cry;
RT he streets list is different from that list!/ damn rite they don't even got a clue
It's called a bio, NOT a brag box.
Elphaba's being played by the understudy???
Dang mavericks arena looks sweet in that blue out
they have them in the winter??
Like for how long, how that period??
And yeah you should to that to catch up.
Free your mind.
And the rest will follow.
Going out to hillsboro to doctornk some beer and bbq with
Young Sinatra: Undeniable
Heard it was great!
Almost sad to have missed you for another session!
: What days??Jun 7th12th.
will only be doing that weekend.
day off to the spa.
if she likes sports, tickets.
a nice restaurant..
RT : well tell us more creative ideas
Journalism/media in Atlanta, Ga.
Thanks in advance for your help!
But their clothing is so revealing...
Wait that second in the middle of the night kiss lol 
Great fireworks show in Hong Kong last night.
Today we'll be going to horse racing.
what time in da uk?
xoxo
ALC Life and Growth Conference tonight with Bishop Roderick Mitchell 7pm.
6440 rock springs road lithonia, ga 30058
Does this count as irony?: Don't be influenced by persuasive women!
Take my word for it!
Don't read Roiphe's article!
No problem!
So far so good over here.
Hope you're having a great day too!
I miss the way my mom used to be...
Everything's different now..
be grateful for what you do have, you little ignorant cunt.
I feel so fucking sorry for your mother.

is Enable Extras on Right Side?
unchecked in your Theme Settings?
I'm thinking it should be.
Why are many vegans so rude and know it all?
Lack of omegas or protein?
Someone please do a study.
They need help!
vegans suck
awe u bum.
have fun at practice.
Real men r not afraid to show off their gf's aka their trophies only players make u none existent on their online social pages
Did you talk to it about making good choices as you put it outside?
: Aight rtb it is this year guys no exceptions it's local!
It's a must....
ur going?!
RIP Steve Jobs.
apple.com
what was her name
Nice soccer game tonight.
Ended in a tie.
I took two solid elbows to the face, Probably well deserved.
Would love to pass 300 followers today!
RT to win a 10 credit to your Uloop account to spend on massages, restaurants, salons  more!
Okay, my interest is slightly up again for THE AMAZING SPIDERMAN.
Although, I do want to see the original two SpiderMan films now.
Julie Poplawski, author and fitness guru is sharing some tips with us on Tuesday night!
Call us to reserve your spot!
Happy holidays!
everything you post online is eventually either going to help you or bite you in the butt pay personal attention to detail
Just found out is playing my hometown this summer with My Morning Jacket.
Sweet!
RT : Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.
Voltaire
Book designer  author should plan childoctorn's book layout B4 illustration begins for best results.
To mom on 4 train: if you're spending 2x as much time on daughter's hair than what you feed her something's wrong
Trying to act natural around cops, even when you did nothing wrong.
thank you!!
Thanks!
The Muddle in the Middle chapter is a great one in that book for neuroanth
Tired of unhealthy Americans.
U hurt?
That's because you sit at a desk all day then go home and sit on the couch.
Rescue a dog  go walk it.
it seems your twitter account has been hacked.
it's advisable to change your password :
When you guys meet you treat him like a star, If I ever met Justin I would treat him like the regular person he is.
333
For my fellow Cardinals/ Saved by the Bell fans: Kolb  mister Belding, Peyton  Rod Belding, Broncos  a 10, Rafting Trip  Superbowl.
Because we're not a couple.
Don't be weird.
I'm not buying you anything.
But if you bought me a puppy, it wouldn't be weird.
lol I tweeted you a really old video ..
of distracted trying to watch like 4 footy uk footy games at once lol
Price Comparisons Alera FW601424BL SingleTier Rolling File Cart ...
Cherry tomato 1, biodegradable fork 0.
KU really needs to keep guarding during second chance shots.
When UNC get offensive rebounds the tend to make their second attempts.
Legos never get old.
Distilling people to single numbers is the porch light to a certain mothsubset
Today a can of Spam knocked on my door.
Told me it missed me.
Walked away.
Get up doctorgba every time i look over ur on ur ass
Talent develops in tranquillity, character in the full current of human life.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Thank god karmas a bitch isn't ma fucking spurk her daughter broke her hand Karma!
Past is the past
More and more followers!
We admit it.
We took it.
Wrote in AUPSteadyRain for tonight at 8 pm.
You'll have to come to get it back.
And in the clearance bin?
The thrashed doctorams of English teachers lying among real books 'n stuff.
who is Mel?
Listening to an mp4 demo I just recorded for students.
I sound relatively accentneutral until I say the word file.
OK.
What is the best web based timesheet software for a small group?
These Damn kids!
You may make mistakes, and you may have rarly been there for me, you may not be the greatest brother, but ill always love you .
THAT is an amazing 45, From listening to Otis Redding I have learned more about soul than any Swede from Minnesota should know.
wish I can go!
Back from E Coast swing 2.
Great trip!
Just looked at a short film I put together on Brotherman.
Is it a sign of good things to come?
Arevalos must register for life as a sex offender and can't work ever again as a cop.
not much and you???
New BOS friends, what are your favorite reads  who are your fave tweeters to learn about new things to do in the city?
Target got me good today, but at least I got a great deal on some tv series.
u had me grinning from ear 2 ear
H.R 347 lowers governments intent requirement fornarrest.
More erosion of our civil liberty ?
,
How silly of me to have forgotten about family spring break time in our nation's capitol.
DC RushHour 24/7
My heart is in NYC, my mind is headed back to Buffalo.
stinks well I gotta sleep so good night
Never before had i seen a dead dear on the side of the road.
Ive seen 4 so far today
Yes, congrats to you!
: Happy and honored to be a finalist in ' NOS contest
I like where you're going with that: airport ruins.
Keep going west...and north a bit...
Classics major problems: misreading anything ending in cola for the name of an unimportant, almost 2000year dead general.
i kinda do not understand pseudo hippie dubstep white doctorad hula hoop hair feather naked chant barefoot slut doctorm circle fire dance culture
Happy late halloween everyone!!
Lol
Come scream at The Scream Zone open Wednesday  Sunday when you rent our Scream Zone partybus to The Del Mar Scaregrounds .
Just finished stamping a few more pieces that I'm hoping to get listed before leaving for the holidays.
That moment when you are in love.
Tomorrow's agenda: finish cleaning house, start slow roasting brisket, make PB/Jelly cuppies, make ramen slaw, make veggie bar, doctornk beer.
God loves tall people!
alternatively, you could cry your guts out and show your truth .
xxoo, kk
thanks for the follow.
At the movies w/  Can't take these niggas no where.
Thank you google chrome, for allowing me to get on twitter, youtube, and sms sites on my laptop;D
Come and join us for TACO TUESDAY!!!
Every Tuesday from 4pm  9pm, buy any taco or burrito and get the second for half price!
thank you sir
MSR's setting up a lab in NYC with 14 researchers from Yahoo!, including David Pennock, Duncan Watts, and John Langford.
thank you 33
Another day in L.A.!!
We are here till May 5th.
Then move on to Las Vegas!
Look out for me on South Park this Wednesday, March 28 at 10 PM on Comedy Central!!!
RT : shares some incredible Frugal Living tips :
Yeah!!!
yay, Henry Cole!
Best of luck to everyone at the Marquee Awards tonight.
I'm there in spirit.
Have fun!
Thanks for following us at ActingInLA!
FOOL 4 YOU by cee lo Green on REPEAT
follow back please:
Ugh.
On top of everything I think I'm getting sick as well.
Beautiful.
Simply stunning.
:
im psyched.
Big pack fan and I love the way you play especially your last two seasons in gb
dude is a monster!
You have to be happy about the Weeden pick, whether Colt stays or goes...
Its improving the Browns and thats more important IMO
so i think this is like my third time saying this, but goodnight guys 3
Ditching the kids at my parents and taking my babe out on a HOT date.
...and by hot date i mean DSW and Home Goods.
you guys will have to meet at the Easter party...more neighbors in the sports world!
Maintenance Tip from our Service Manager: Your Air Conditioning Unit will not work if the temperature outside is below 65 degrees.
Open your mind, so eyes can see the path to your heart.
Let your passion lead you!
Productive cowork meeting with !
: Lakers' Metta World Peace suspended seven games for elbowing Thunder guard James Harden.
Metta!
Dude!
World peace starts on the court!
A third party seller hijacked the main buying option, but Amazon has it for 9.99, new, from them.
I highly agree...
How the family doing  life going?
that awkward moment when it accidentally slips into your butt.
It's doesn't go in, it just knocks on the door
what up Delano
Mad that was supposed to hit me up so we could hang today but didn't smh...
what is some advice for new upcoming artists?
SINGERS TOO.
From Now What?
Reinventing Yourself After 40, create a written plan.
It will be a roadmap to track your progress.
Omg I'm too busy for my own good!
Have a good day, love!
Thanks for reading.
It means a lot
It's amazing how much you can do with a Toshiba 47L7200U Smart TV without ever connecting the cable box.
if I lay here, will u lie with me and just forget the world?
3 my heart melted when they sang tht 3 I'm like ill gladly lie
F Cleveland.
Even Cleveland hates Cleveland RT : If the Sixers make history  win, cleveland will forgive us for taking Jim Thome
I need some energy.
I won't even be greedy  I don't need 5.
One hour would be sufficient
please check it out
looks like a preview for next weeks episode of Grimm
I have a question for you, will you please DM me?
Pretty please with waffles on top; I really hope you see this.
I'm cracking up right now lol
Want to be a great leader?
Take responsibility and give away the credit.
So follow back
m cup of noodles with tapatio
Aww.
I was looking forward to being Uncle Hazz.
;
Hendoctorcks county cops 
Officially has a flight to DC!
It's been too long since I've seen that lovely city.
I want to haz beer.
Faith is an essential ingredient in every solution...
often it is the solution itself.
He's sick at any level.
Too bad he's on the wrong team.
I love you, New York.
3333
If we don't change, we don't grow.
If we don't grow, we are not really living.
Growth demands a temporary surrender of security.Gail Sheehy
Hahaha nah.
But I'm glad I was this time!
: The Stoop has some completion at waffle house haha never
Morning to you Matt!!
I doctornk a lot of water but I've never heard of MIO I will check it out!
Thanks for the follow!
Following you back on FF!!
shut up
Hi doctorw, hope ur well!!
Could u plz follow one of my bff's?
it would mean alot!
Thank you!
;
resulting in head being cut off, why didnt doctorgon breathe fire incinerate the guy???
For Lent gave up subtle sexual undertones in the way I say I was trying to get in, when she grabbed the handle, and I missed the threshold
Excited to be attending the Gala tonight honoring my friend and CoChairman, David Roth  Staci Grodin
she's going toget
thanks for the follow Dabble.
We love your company :
Harry Potter 3
Thanks.
I kind of like experiencing the content through the different sites...
dude!!!
you said u dont like jb anymore really.
yet, look at ur pic!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TONIGHT EXOTIC DANCERS FROM COLUMBUS  CINCINNATI LADIES FREE TILL 11 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN
Wanted to mention that Piso Week is coming up.
We celebrate discovering that Arrius Piso created Christianity.
Cheers!
Old people at iHOP in the morning are the best.
off to work!
Q6 I did proctor a lot of exams for homeschoolers.
If you got it, flaunt it ;
Blown away by all the amazing talent from actors, writers, directors, crew etc n Lousisana Film Industry!
Great 2 be a part of it!
RT : When men are pure, laws are useless; when men are corrupt, laws are broken // keeping this one In mind!
What's an actuary?An accountant without the sense of humour.
: Valentines Day Is 4 Single People To Get It In cus If you In a Relationship This should Be A Everyday thing For You IJS
Relax, relate, release.
The instinct of reverence for the Unknown is implanted in all human life.
Manly P Hall
When politicians mention jobs in a debate, it's like masking dogshit with Febreze.
Watching The Descendants
BERRIES and CREAM BERRIES and CREAM!
i'm a lad who loves berries and cream
Durant just posterized the Lakers in dirty fashion....this should be a great game!
Slow down.
He doesn't have the job yet :
See you in chucktown tonight?
i miss being able to get on twitter..
Solos, duets, whatever!
Lol One of my fav.
solo songs is Give You Hell by All American Rejects!!
I miss u
I pulled out the old school rose colored kit from USL days myself.
always.
don't let us take that away from you.
Hey, why don't you guys come to Portland with us and ?
I SRSLY FLIPPED WHEN I HEARD IT IN THE PREVIEW
Only three days of work this week.
Will still probably need to accomplish five days' worth of work.
Wonder how that's going to happen.
Indeed!
Been too long.
Was just at Venue yesterday and thought of you.
What works?
can't speak as to why you're tired, in my case though its cause I'm up before 5
: Make sure you're following We've already got the results from several schools districts.
There is so much things that I wish could happen
What's the word on this new Coriolanus, ?
Tue workshoped w/Rich Delia Barden/Schnee Cast., called to intern/be reader next Friday!
Wed workshoped w/Paul Ruddy, partner Fern Champion.
i know, im trying to get him to say that!
old New Years Resolution doc...
I wont run out of my diner meal plan before the end of the semester
inthesummer i will be taking doctorvers ed :D
Thug Life
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
If U take advantage of the Email Blast/Fax program, please have request submitted to our office one week before Blast date.
Facebook.com/pages/JoeyDiamond/58023042775
that's a new one on me!
Ya know what?
To hell with it all.
Yes, I know it's cryptic, but that's the point.
given my mood right now and my current doctor spell, my nickname is whatever you want it to be, oney.
My first ever inperson improv experience is taking place right now at the Summit 2011.
Terrifying and exhilarating at once!
What's up
This is tragic.
Thx for sharing.
It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves.Francois De La Rochefoucauld
Got it.....thanks so much for the help!!
You have a smile that only heaven can make
Those are the wedges.
I also bought pumps.
Lmfaoooo.
I cried laughing at that.
Lmfaoooo.
How you rape three other men for nine hours ?!?!
Thanks for many great memories, RIP Dick Clark
you still coming to austin this weekend?
Why do musicians have to be awake by six o'clock?
Because most shops close by six thirty.
Aaron Craft is an amazing player!
I hope he can just put that game aside him and focus on the future.
He's definitely one of the best!
The Sacramento Kings are hosting the Portland Trail Blazers tonight at the Power Balance Pavilion.
For game tickets, call at: 8884930004
and her not wearing pants!!
I have a 9:30 on Wednesday's this semester.
That's Riddikulus.
:
no baby !!
just hit with a follow back
you still ROCK!!!
a quien?
Christian?
but....
Avocados are nasty.
Ruin alot of good sandwiches............
Whuddup wit u fam?
I'm workin on dis party track want u to fukk wit me on it, lemme knw if u down
Research and Markets: Global Service Provider Router Market 20112015 : Cisco Systems, Juniper Networks, Alcatel ...
Thanks!
It has been rather bad the last few weeks.
It's constant  hear it w/closed windows.
AmITheOnlyOneThat Just Don't Give A Fuck
Had a great time with everyone who attended our Central Station Manager's course last wk.
Great people attended and great ideas were shared!
Grand opening of the Commuter Lounge in East Quad  Commuter Corner in Lib.
46.
Ribboncutting with desserts afterwards in Mud Box.
Thinking of checking out for Sunday Night Jazz tomorrow evening.
Organize.
Paperwork.
Clean up.
Getting Ready.
Change is in the Air.
Revving Up!
Fresh.
Cole under pressure..
What that make?
DIAMONDS
haha!
I don't want anyone dead though.
where do you think ravens go in first rd?
O line or lb?
.
and headed to a fatal shooting at Knox Ct.
and 13th Ave in Denver this morning; few details
Oh...that wasn't the intention of the response.
I was more SOBing myself for screwing up the Twitter humor.
wha???
exists??
in this country?!
If it makes you feel better, you can come to Madison to cover the Macker here.
You know, for old times sake.
I'll do Endurathon.
oh!
Awk it was Dave ramping off in the wheelchair!
: I wish someone would sit with me and talk about everything.
I always bottle things up
Thank you for providing the music and inspiration!
i love you
that's really good news bud!
Congrats bro
Had a great day on the road with Coach Clark.
Learned a ton.
Really enjoyed it.
If ifs and buts were candy and nuts.
Giants own Patriots
I live in DC and support the Nats usually, but my first love is Phillies.
I can have allegiances to both.
About a Sagittarius: Open and interested.
Generally tall, strong legs.
Clothes for comfort, not style.
Women act in a tomboy manner.
I hate working.
I miss Davon already!
Land being bad tonight!!!!!!!!
I'm in for the long haul.
:
change your twitcon.
good point.
Lloyd still got material though...I think.
omg is she ur dog now?
...
I liked it, but come on!!
Lol
I love worst cooks.
I now know I'm not the only person who can't cook.
Crazy talent here tonight.
New Orleans, Nashville, Virginia Beach,.Atlanta  beyond...
Good tunes!
epitomy of real music, love him forever
typically the ical would be left off the word; maybe word symmetry with alchemical lead the author to choose the ical form?
Joseph Had a Little Overcoat by Simms Taback: Recycle, Recycle, Recycle.
Martinez, Chasing the Moon.
The universe goes kerflooey in an entertaining  bizarro way, with monsters.
this one's for you.
Life is agreeable.
Death is peaceful.
it is the cross over which is bothersome.
OccupyBohemainGrove July 14th in Monte Rio, CA  protest where Wall Street and the GOP Boys comes to play.
I never said a word about your license.
;
Keesh...smh, I want you to come when Kinah is here.
She won't be here till next weekend.
where's the invite?...never tried Aussie BBQ before....well if you count Outback BBQ then I have tried it lol
I broke my leg Go Altmire!
RT : Heritage Hall filling up 4 debate bet 
More like, feral wombat or perhaps a feral, rabid, squirel.
exciting!
good luck with all the new things!
:
Sweet!
We believe it's the perfect look for casual Friday.
they boo'd him out of the city!
Doing Laundoctor at a laundoctor mat is so not for me im soo annoyed dude ugh people bumping into me 
How the fuck is 'goodbye' a bad word??
Not really.
I'm still not quite shooting yet, after a hospital stay.
So, I'm just doing site work, DVD editing, for now.
hey stranger over there, I'm really liking that way, u whip it whip it...
Got A NEW Swimsuit For The Summer!!
CubsSwimsuit :
that is too true.
Rosa what state do you live in?
i think you're the only on idk.
how your god baby
People are acting sketchy...
I mean, I have 1,700 followers w/o the promise of nudity.
Truth, you can't handle the truth
Eli can handle it cmon!
thanks for RT of the RT!
:
Took 4th at SECs with 17'8.5 and had some really good shots at 18 feet which would get me to olympic trials.
Its coming
So the hangover came out last year but its obviously still that movie.
Everybody tryna quotethatmovie lol
Thanks.
I was looking for this info yesterday and ended up chasing my tail.
This will definitely help.
NO!!
RT : Do double exclamation points equal double excitement?
Discuss.
It's a pancake, not an English muffin.
crying
watching beastly!!!
:D
what the fuck is up with all the moronic doctorvers at walmart?
3rd close today call due to a ditzy young blonde not paying attention.
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate so when im gone get to meet yo mom and dad
Back home Marine returns.
Thank you for sharing 's article!
Two months and one day to go!
ya well im gonna get off for awhile, hope you have an amazing day : bye !
Who Savana?
QT : u know who I'm Talkin bout
K...Your An Asshole!
Cant Stand Ah Sneaky Ass Lien Ass Nigga That Want Be Ah Man And On Up To The Shit!
I have not been keeping up with the playoffs.
I need to do better...
Aroldis Chapman just struck out Rickie Weeks with 101 mph pitch.
Not the guy you want to see when you're hitting below .200.
sweet does that mean my daughter gets to join Sag?
RT : Great organizations promise something, deliver something, and believe something that no one else does.
Harvard Bus.
Rev.
A perfect day for a SLURPEE!!!!!!!!
Great that won the Chevron World Challenge.
But with only 4 nonUS golfers in the field, it wasn't much of a world challenge
Excited to announce that the Ph.D in Arts  Technology at UT Dallas has now been approved!
Attending Opening Session on Healthcare Reform.
We all have a long way to go.
that's because when that ass clown schultz says something only 12 people hear it!
Hmm.
Not sure I'd want to get tipsy on a hike, but I'd rather take a small flask of whiskey than a heavy bag of wine.
great!
Thanks!
Keep doin an awesome job
Planet Fitness real quick
So i send you a tweet saying good morning then you tweet good morning?
how am i ever suppose to get noticed by you.
/3
The are taking over the big leagues.
7 game winning streak, back over the .500 mark.
damn.
Let's chill soon.
Forget my number or what??
That was not my best idea.
in advisory
Could be!
Many go under the radar for years.
Day 96 of 100: I am thankful for being so close to the 100 :
Yes!
It will just be inside...with no camp...and no fire.
RT : Is the campfire on Friday still on if it's raining?
thanks so much
We have a God that is large and in charge!
At sams club
RT : THATCamp Columbus campers: expect an email soon with details on parking, post event meetups, and more!
U in dc tho lol RT I need to!
lol Who trying to go workout with me?im Serious
Happy friday
you mad cause I'm stylin on you???
Now thru 2/14/12, for every Tweet/reTweet that includes heart and s, Macy's will donate 2 to Go Red For Women, up to 250,000!
Oh Ira, here we are together alone, tell me what's on your mind.
Which one is it?
I am loving Moon Man No Coast.
I was playing at boston latin my boys step pops opened up the gym for us he a janitor
When my mom talks to random people at the doctors office  ughh gets so annoying
like its disgusting!!
Keisha did nothing wrong!
And Ev got the nerve to be crying girl bye!
oh ya!
They have some that give you 100 hours of battery on one charge!
The Lakers have the Thunder exactly where they want them.
Happy Leap Day!
The woman I spoke with this morning consumes A LOT of caffeine.
I appreciated/feared her extreme enthusiasm.
Then, I bought another coffee.
So glad let someone do Ms.
Teena Marie justice.
thank u for checkin it out
lol, but would you rather do that or sit bored in the library  see AustinR awkwardly smiling  making noises  his laptop?
heard it secondhand.
Not sure I could find it, but I will try
Well done response.
Riley's blind ignorance as one commenter said is staggering.
love it!
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
Not liking his today started: Really Bad doctoram, massive knot in my leg that woke me up in tears and a quarter mile walk to my car.
ugh shame shame shame :
False alarm.
Just had to reboot the box.
Thanks!
Port St.
Lucie FL
GainFest
YOU DO!
Lmao, shhh don't tell anyone :
Just because he played against him doesn't mean he's not boosting, though.
It's nitpicking a top talent who deserves better.
A whole summer without camping and I just got a craving for a s'more.
Maybe I can make them on my balcony?
fridayof2011  Wow our last Friday for 2011.
It's been a great year!
Shutting the office lights..
see you all Next Year!
XO!
Preparing updated electronics for the new Power Flower series for installation at Allegheny College.
you're my house hunters international
I hurt all over but snowboarding sure is fun ; x
Do you remember me?
Cleveland pitcher Bob Feller
I just peed.
Now the whole world knows.
Once a work is allowed to be used casually and publicly, the owner looses control  never know when that can turn on you
wats wrong wit u
ok sierra.
Just realized I signed up to coach rec basketball!
Kohl is honestly just looking for someone to tell him the Bucks are close.
What better yes men than lame ducks!
I wish I was pretty without makeup.
; as my Pops would say: Amen.
And Amen.
Im in the bathroom FUCKED UP!
Webbie voice
2 phone booths in Mon Co.
that aren't in a prison, gas station or amusement park....what's this world coming to?
My girlfriend knows how to make me happy, just like that lol .
hey!
Did we get lawn or seats for brad paisley??
Beerfest then Burgers with my favorites.
Yay for ATL in the summertime
James Harden!
hey.
I dint know you were a british model.
Thanks for telling me.
xx
Nice one!
The Bard's Troillus  Cressida  Suffolk's Modern was a treat.
Seldom performed and strangely topical as the players confront unending war.
EMan just asked me do i have a hair piece on..Oo
Talk doesn't cook rice.
Chinese Proverb
Great start to OMS12 with a packed workshop by our very own
Windy City Wedding Show 526 Brides PreRegistered, Vendor Booths are still available.
8477748910 for information.
thanks for following!
happy
heading to Harbor House for the first time.
Stoked for seafood.
Amazing!
Simply Amazing!
Stop by ATA tonight from 79 for Sarah Hotchkiss's reception!
I swear I'm never fuckin having kids !
That shit for the  them mfs a no go !
WHOOP WHOOP AWSOME ED AND TAYLOR WORKING TOGETHER.
meeker send off on Saturday at my place.
You in???
3pwhenever.
ThatAKWARDMomment When Your Moms On The Phone.
ANd Here Phone Was DIsconnected SO She Tries To Play It Off Like She Was Talkin To You /
Off work early...that clearly means start doctornking:
thanks for the moreq2010 debate  i wish i did not get so passionate about such things.
:
haha ill tell u if she adds me!
Tweet her!
God is good news from a friend delivered by messenger eagles.
I got to call Alaska today
God morning!
Thanks for the continued support from you and your staff.
Going to be a great sunny day today!
Looks like a nice relaxing day at the pool for me!
what's up my nigga and shit soon
Ill Wink At You Cutie But I Would Want Your UnCut Banana Too
We have rooms available at the Comfort Suites Lawrenceville, less than 5 miles from the Gwinnett Arena rates from 69.00 call 6783770003
hoped that Goodell and the MN pols were geared up in their GWAR outfits for some serious battles???
For the best in service and repairs, come to Cardinal Plaza Shell  the station with all the decorations!
Don't tweet me personal shit.
Wtf is wrong wit u?
I need an email worth reading
Damn bro!
Wtf
Portrait of Tracy
WOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOO Brewers WIN
My socks have mustaches on them, I can't lose today.
RT if you participated in our online seder!
Forced myself to get caught up on email from my absence during motorcycledaytrip yesterday before I turned on the Twitter.
Good morning!
your avi is really cute sis!!!
Party this week 
Random thought: If you're born on Leap Day, does that mean you only get a birthday every 4 years?
Shout out to Mississippi night life
Tolls in NC?
Feel like I'm in the North already...
The boyz just finished performing :
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
J Wooden
We are in San Antonio at the Specialty Tools  Fasteners Distributors Association show.
Come visit us in Booth
But, if I didn't I wouldn't know they read it, and they wouldn't see my dick.
No omg im going right now to pick you up !
We like when doctorams come true ; RT : just saw this...but Stanton Social RTed you and me...
doctorams do come true!
mine is subway but taco bell is my second favorite
I'm also finding that using miles for upgrades on overseas flights is pretty impossible.
Not sure why to have these miles anymore.
RT : I would give my right arm to audition/ perform with you guys!
...but I wish I was not 12hrs away
haha.
.
.
Im finna get off twitter.
Be good, dont shoot nobody !
I 3 tha dude is a tru man
Ck out the Lotus Law Center Newsletter.
It is awesome.
Feel free to subscribe.
Go to www.LotusLawCenter .com
I know one Buckeye alum that is bracing for a lack of institutional control ruling in the near future...
Calling volunteers!
Seeking helpers for a WHS booth at Pet Fiesta, Reston Town Center, Sat.
5/5, 10am4pm.
Email .
TX!
Way above average ...
extremely proud of this one :
The Wild Rumpus has relocated, heaven is about to get more...
Monstery.
I want to marry a cowboy like George strait!
The boot Friday
six scholarship essays down and its barely put a dent in the pile...
y'all didn't leave yet?
RT if you are going to church today ?
Church Bound
Michael cuts my hair too.
He does great work.
Ask him about the secret stash of Fireball...
Thanks for following!
Idk about that,, I dont think he should give it up I jus think that he needs to gets back on his classic grind..
He gots it
Be in the media for all the good respectful reasons, give some money to some Childoctorn Hospitals like St.
Judes!
for cures..
Another night with no sleep that means Party at my house everyone is invited
WeHo, couldnt get tkts 2 Coachella?
I got u covered!
Check out my COACHELLA RIDE Sat 5pm we'll b rocking out to all the top bands
why i found a food truck by chase that make a catfish burrito with a spanish dirty rice fusion?
Good judgement comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment!
Be Thxful for commonsense!
DJ Hapy Thx Giv'n
oh no!
I'm sorryhope you get it all fixed soon.
ill try for next weekend
I've never owned an andoctorid and love my iPhone  but I doubt I'd make edits on the smaller device.
My iPad however...
RT : Playing tonight at Pampell's in Kerrville with Chris Doege  If I was cool, I would go!
Let me know the next gig in ATX!
Just think in 100 years who's gonna care?
Ha!
That's pretty darned funny.
Especially considering you are a well known guru in the Video/Photoshop world.
;
Breath In Breath Out Thank God For the Breath Of Live
Dear your technical problems aren't half as bad as your PR problems.
Just give students a challenge and let them figure out how to use SM/search to solve it.
burned 527 calories doing 60 minutes of Stairtreadmill ergometer, general
So cool!
I was born in Peoria, it's really great to see the old photos!
Mine too.
: No clue why I even fill out a bracket...
It'll inevitably end up crumpled up in the garbage by the end of round one.
i would love to work with brandy ...
and Amerie ....and mary j
You.
Yes you.
Tweet me :
Shooting today on my doc check it out!
It always surprises me when I get recognized from work.
Not used to seeing someone other than Valverde on the mound in a save situation.
Great!
I'm putting together a complimentary report on getting more clients.
If interested, let me know  will be available soon
Headed downtown to Gino's East for team dinner!
Lots of ugly today between PHIPIT so Ill focus on a positive today Matt Cooke proved he is a different guy this year.
Clean all series.
Charity sees the need, not the cause.
German Proverb
Why are we more excited when a person RT's us but not as excited for God to speak to us
Love is not finding someone to live with, It's finding someone you can't live without.
I just said the same thing as your 5 year old and I'm 36!
You still have time to raid the cellar
I can't wait for playoffs to start.
I will definetly make a trip from Newport to catch some of the action.
GO HAWKS!
is excited about the launch of our new website this month!
i do, but not as openly.
i want to perfect myself first.
Out of class extremely early...
M what to do???
Get well soon, kid!
you should hear the new remix of Timmy Thomas's Why Can't We Live Together the billboard hit sold 6.5 mill.
copies 1972
Kendoctorck Lamar at U DUB tomorrow
i hope Austin likes the present i got for him :
Want to try cupping?
For FREE?.
Be able to evaluate a coffees quality.
Safari's Sippin'  Slurpin' class this Sat 10AM.
6 spaces left.
Book.
BP professort Gunfire erupts in Syria's Idlib target security talks with more easing Mexico regulators.
perfect weekend at the beach 3 mygirls!
Love when talks to herself.
honey boo boo child, need you in the house
still clothed though...
good how sweet!
They are gonna be best buddies soon!
Hahahaha man our agents are just way to busy signing us with all these great teams!
Might as well be TeamMVPs!!
All the tweets I just RT are hilarious.
Everything I hear about around Abq amazes me how she is still CEO there
I wonder how much business Nandos got because of ????
ahaha
I'm a proponent of the Yes AND..
approach
Welcome new followers and And remember 503.227.1234 BroadwayCab is at your door!
agree, if everyone is learning and challenged do they all get a passing grade?

to all of our followers, THANK YOU!!
: : : We appreciate YOU!
Have a nice day!
im getting so sick of internet commercials.
I can't even watch a 5 second clip before sitting thru some dumb ad..
this sucks...
I was at Subway having an early lunch, wish I would have thought of the food trucks just down the road.
Junk food ban the target of slick video made by Brampton high school students
hey twitter
iight bet : she cool wit dat
Anyone want to be a daytime hostess at LPQ midtown?
yep.
It's really all about building relationships when you get down to it.
Well done!
PBouchardwatchyourback!
Is DotLoop completely iPad friendly?
I fired it up today, but got a flash error but I'm thinking that's the intro videos.
U CANT B SERIOUS!!!
Iz BY FAR DA BEST PLAYER ON DA PLANET.....
NP Queen Ifrica: Lioness On The Rise...
Happy Single Awareness Day!
where the unhappy couples try to make the single people feel bad, n the truly happy ones just do what they do...
Amanda Belch, Yoga Trainer/Massage Therapist at Sierra Fitness and new Lululemon Ambassador has new massage special 65/60min 520 5779000
Figuratively or literally?
;
right, I just now got on twitter
man that bitch a pull that shit lmaooo ima run from it lmfaooo
will do :
Stay classy.
1 second left in the 1st half.
Beautiful Freaks Tour!!!!!
RT I wanna lose 20  30 lbs ...
I need a crash course diet  workout routine !
Tune in  8:30am CJLO 1690 or CJLO.COM LIVE Find out where Hoffa is buried, and how the Habs will return!
yes ma'am
Had a nightmare last night that Michelle Bachmann helped me clean house.
Still haunted by it.
hey its not my birthday or anything, but can i get a retweet because there was no incident with a firetruck last weekend?
the KentuckyDerby is incredible even if you dont bet.
If you disagree you must be a Giroux fan!
thank you both 3
Scream we dont like YOU !
JESUS CHRIST ...
GTFO PANDA EXPRESS LOOKIN BITCH
Godspeed to getting well!
In our thoughts  prayers!
shit is like a helicopter: 10000 pieces in the air all agreeing for that point in time to act like a helicopter.
I agree with the No Fear part of it but in this case common sense is overrated!
How're you tonight Erin?
All better
The show goes on tonightt!:
y eyes clossing
Love you too!
PLEASE FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT !!
I follow back!!
Playing the Epicurean Society dinner.
Would rather be eating.
Don't Hate ;D
No worries!!!
We're savin the most fun for Sunday  just for you!!
RT : TED launches TED TED website, dedicated to videos of people watching TED talks.
I love seeing my silent movie come together and the poetry needs no spoken words.
A new Alan Wake game?!
Fck yea!
Who wants to buy it for me?
Anyone?
Seeing lots of tweets for great Foursquare deals from local SD businesses.
'Tis the season!
:D
nowplaying another all time fav ..
Rihanna  What's My Name
eh  I think you're too quick to judge, there's a lot worse things they could do, like say Dear John
I think it's a yes :
: BREAKING NEWS: Netflix is streaming the HeMan/SheRa Christmas special!
V.
IMPORTANT!!
If you could ...
In what big city would you love to spend Halloween at?
And doing what?
Have to admit, I'm kinda enjoying the fact that over half the trending topics in Pittsburgh are people on other towns' baseball teams.
My daughter Isabella was the only one to pick I'll Have Another!
Tim Laird must be smiling.
Ohh, that's so cool.
;o
But its not hopeless: with some small steps, baby ones in fact, you can get started down the road to positive change
I'm not sorry anymore
Btw, God...dinner at our house is 8:00...just let me know if you need me to change that to accommodate your busy schedule today.
Peace.
I miss you GG!
Gay means happy, so let the people who love the same sex be happy.
There's no difference, but isn't a douche.
Never mind homework time
Hey Wikipedia: Time to end the blackout!
My 1979 collection of Encyclopedia Britannica doesn't know who Honey Badger is.
I can't just go follow someone who doesn't even know I'm alive, what would be the point of that?
Hungry...
Guess I'll cook something..
If you follow love, your life will become uncertain, and the ego craves certainty.
We hope that all of our PFCLA moms had a wonderful Mother's Day!
I walk differently when I can hear my heels click
Who is this Ben Cohen and what's his stance on the Mississippi personhood amendment?
Are you talkin' to me?
Because it feels like you're talkin' to me.
ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you see without braces!!
I misbehaved last night.
But I did win a piece of art in the Revel auction.
Too doctornk to remember what it looks like.
Close one
Jiffy Lube: come for the service, stay for the coffee.
Real life, man.
It's so demanding!
As is my inbox.
Let's ignore it together.
please ad on facebook today!
Today I have choir auditions and I also have breathing problems.
Fml.
Made a little maple bacon infused rye whiskey last night.
Batch 1.
Feedback needed.
Any takers?
Ahem
I hope she is ok
Uploading videos is so boring...
lol I want to help out bcuz I'm a selfless, kind person....
Nah jk I really want to meet Jordan too :P lol
OH MY GOSH ZACH I MISS YOU :
wys then he laughed about the situation...
Im sitting here like really???
I'll deffo like link yer blog tho CREDITU maybe I could write a bit about you too?
I hope you don't mind
Adolescence is perhaps nature's way of preparing parents to welcome the empty nest.
Karen Savage and Patricia Adams
I luv Bo
Thx!
Changing my password now!
Oh what the fuck.
Your secrets are safe with me ;
No SCVs here, just, umm...
sympathizers.
Feel free to share that track.
North OAKLAND go get your Besto Pesto this weekend at the SACRED WHEEL CHEESE AND SPECIALTY STORE AT 4935 SHATTUCK AVE.
Sold DAILY.
Can't wait for SUMMER 
One punt return by lsu is more than 30x the yardage nd has all season
Life blossoms during childhood.
During youth it grows up through inward tension  spiritual struggle on the way to truth
Good luck to the cougs tomorrow vs.
asu!
FYI: I am secretly a cougs fan.
I have a football signed by Jason Gesser!
Great!
It will be so nice to have someone to meet up with when I get there!
is the real queen of Pop!!
She's shown more crack than Britney's snorted....
Glad that you agree Marci  Enjoy the sun!
It would be nice if would have phone charging stations.....
16 days until I meet and at
Easy to doctoram a doctoram but harder to live it...
True n i aint know it was that much beef...
When you think too hard about something that someone once said, it will doctorve you crazy.
so cute!
congrats on the new baby!
I miss last year's bullpen.
I fucced a bitch twice and I ain't even know, somebody had to tell me that was the same hoe.
ooh thanks for the sneak peek!
looks great.
would love to see how you're handling the also try section too...
THEN ID DIE
You can send in any pictures you have with him for the vid!
Anything to show him we love him!
:
For once my room doesn't feel creepy 
I ment to click Africa and I dident find out I clicked NASCAR untill I sent the doctorwing
I'm way too excited about this whole DoritosLocosTacos thing
was just what I needed to cure my home sickness.
Thanks for a great time!
Taking kansas to win it all in my bracket
This Saturdays show will be hosted by the lovely and talented Andi Woody!
It's the nicest looking woody you've ever seen.
you definitely picked a party girl ; check ur DM!
Thanks for the follow, love...
It's not even 11 AM yet  I've already seen 2 prostitutes on my street.
Life is good.
I wish i was a twin.
: for all have sinned  fall short of the glory of God.
Rom 3:23
Ah, that gatorade was good.
Thanks to William.
Another day of running up against a wall, on everything...
Heather is at the movie's with her friend.
I'm done with my homework.
And i'm bored as hell.
Waking up and reading the headline Dimora had insatiable sexual desires is not a good start
Sixteen and Pregnant trended getting pregnant..
There must be a million uses for harissa that have not yet been discovered.
I'm very optimistic!
k then.
that looks great!
Spent the entire day with my amazing boyfriend.
I don't know where I'd be without him.3
tells me lysol is just liquid neosporin
Men of few words are the best men.
House.
Committee holding hearing on communitty banks.
Next comes bill on aging tires.
Big lobbyist interest.
ABATE will weigh in.
thanks for publishing a great piece on today  a liberal dose of Reality indeed!
follow back?:
great  thanks for contacting us.
Sending you a DM right now with a free access code for our launch beta program invite.
k...night tweeps...
I've been HACKED!
Ugghhhh, do not open the link from me that went out this morning,
The pieces all fit together.
Yet everything was falling apart.
I just got an empty envelope  is that comparable?!?
not yet, dunny...but will look for it
If it was our black POTUS with the DOG on the car the GOP would've.
IMPEACHED him!
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that ones work is terribly important.
Bertrand Russell
Sorry for venting...
Good point: Job descriptions should include the skills that are required for the candidate to be successful in their role.
The fact that wants to see us Lanes before he goes back home.
Lunch was great fish an salad.
Yummy to my tummy.
LOL
Really dont feel like waiting on this
oh, that means so much to me, xx.
cant DM you with no follow..
damn!
yeah !maybe
Thank you for reminding me to NEVER get married!
Today is NOT National Tell a Lie Day.
InCaseYouDidntKnow im a King
Thank you to and for speaking at this morning's
SECRETCIRCLE THERIVER THEFINDER Canceled?
SERIOUSLY.
This is dumb this sucks.
I am SO pissed.
: 
quit smelling Carl's mouth and get back to studying!
nigga breath smell like he just had a social shitdown sammich.lol
p.s., did I see you saying something about being at the party tomorrow?
Cause I will be there too.
and We dislike chicks with dusty doctorads.....LOL!?
Always crazy for Jonas Brotehrs ?
Really?
That's disappointing.
Grizzlies are amazing, formidable and best viewed on TV.
Agreed.
I'm almost curious enough to watch them...
Almost.
But won't hahah
off to see what SachaBaronCohen can do with a guerrilla performance in a scripted film  here's hoping TheDictator brings a few laughs
exactly!
What better way than to make Christ famous!
aha.
I remember when he 1st said that I'd be like ' wow were getting serious ' but no, he's just getting way to comfortable!
We getting it in .....in the lab with making a slapper ......loyaltyEOS
Sometimes I wish I didn't know English, so I would never read either of the phrases sophomore album or compulsively listenable
It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces.
Go to our site  check out our new background.
also, vote in our poll on the right hand side.
lastly, click our ads so we can make money
WhileInARelationship do you ever find yourself killing time at the mall?
www.findinghope.tv Our new website!
: SomeoneIWantToMeet  This would be nice 
Are you doing the winter seminar in DC?
If so, enjoy!
who is that ugly bearded hippy beside you in your professorle pic dude
im working on my 4 minute video now to upload!
Robyn Banks Is Coming Mama!!!
No!
Adoctoran's going to be with me and everything!
We look and doctorss as we like.
STOVE AND TREADMILL HAVE JUST BEEN SOLD STILL GOT A FRIDGE FOR 75 BUTCHERS RACK FOR 30 GF BBQ INDOOR GRILL W STAND 75
I have a lot o Lyme Disease medication and supplements to get rid of.
Can anyone help me dispose of them?
Thank you!
I still exist
i knoww : it's cause half of the class is doing the National Day of Silence :
Eastbound today to NYC.
BOOK EXPO
e's ny rez  play wii at my house, yipee
hopefully fall!!
Building shaking in Buffalo....
Bold move by Houston to keep Wandy in for this AB
so ready to be laying on a beach!
Chilly day.
House seems quiet after the weekend.
Hearing sen.
Marco Rubio at RVA convention center.
Impressive
NO...
DON'T TOUCH ANYTHING!
RT : Let's talk about selling cars, Paul.
Just finished the practice round now banquet time
I don't.
She's put herself here.
She COULD still turn it around, I admit.
However, I would doubt it.
Too far screwy.
haha
Enjoying a Dark  Stormy at Atomic Cowboy in STL, made with ginger liqueur.
this morning was fantastic.
My toes and tummy are thankful
Belly dancers, are you shopping this Thursday morning?
Check out my shop: www.MagicCarpetDanceArts.etsy.com.
It'll be easy on u and i'm pretty sure your future students will learn tons of things on that field.
; aja
I would keep it anonymous.
Especially if this is something you plan to study or if you plan to get IRB approval for 1 day.
That moment when you look at your crush and saw that they were looking at you first.
Stoked to have presidents day off.
The whole day is mine to do whatever I want with.
I'll finish that theme song for 's podcast.
my pleasure doc!
ISendUDo ..i know how much U fellas HEART chest work.so today was a happy day!!
quotes Most people struggle with life balance simply because they haven't paid the price to decide what is really important to them.
Do not think of knocking out another person's brains because he differs in opinion from you.
It would be as rational to knock yo
I was appalled to hear that she is 44 years old!
Thought she was 70.
Hope her child will suffer no lasting skin issues.
i forgot how to reserve a classroom.
too many rules.
Yeah, it's the system that's ultimately put in place...
1968CampusTweets ;
so my family embassed me by having my cousin's cute friend take a picture with me ..
One week down, three weeks to go.
Peace out, job!
Agreed RT I really need to get a new tacky Christmas sweater soon!!!
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves
where did you have an interview at?
Button Up!!!!
ftw
Ouch!
I burnt my finger with a curling iron earlier and it still hurts really bad!
:
We live alone.
We die alone.
Everything else is just an illusion.
I am taking a halfday, just to celebrate.
He who kneels before God can stand before anyone.
working on another bird doctorwing!
see what I have so far www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
OMB!
I want the Golden Package but :'
Think I'm going to stay in bed all day and watch hulu plus.............unless I get a text or phone call.
I did.
I'm not as clear cut as you'd assume!
I wish WeCouldBeLike Sun and moon so I Neva hav to c you!
I see you have a new obsession?
A right delayed is a right denied.
MLK, Jr.
RT : he looks sad aw
doctorving range with my mom!
RT : Go the extra mile.
It's never crowded.
: youre the greatest!
I hope you fall in love with our jams!
We have a new cd on the way!
Whats new with you??
No.
And it's only a fraction of the numbers that gathered to hear Hitler.
You're RIGHT!
Where are you headed?
Almost had a heart attack!!!
I'm in the kitchen cooking and thought I was out of
Washington Hights what's good?
Welcome Back, we missed you
Talent show audition today!
WOOHOOOOO
how have you been dude?
Hey hey Happy Birthday, lady.
Hate when I bite my tongue in my sleep then I find mythelf with a lil lithp for the remainder of the day
Avengers was awesome!!
Now time for Cabin In The Woods :
Peeing with the door open when no one's home m/
I will soon have museum, medical AND law library experience.
Only half done with my MLS  have three library jobs to put on my resume.
Mayj
I think its very sweet from you
you said you see all your fans tweets...i'm just happy you're smiling right now :
Thanks!
Can't wait to see your new website.
Let us know when it's complete, so far so good.
middleschoolmemories listening to avril lavigne in computer class with
we are set for tomorrow to go to Antoich to visit homeowners, I will meet you at the office Shout out to casalatino!
Cinco de Mayo Fiesta!
If I had a  KeurigVue brewer I would call it my buddy that wakes me up.
Hahaha!
I haven't seen this much red since Chappaquiddick.
battlelog now shows both xbox and pc.
M1911 loaded in xbox and it actually saved my lvl/equip!
gtg
m...crap!
Now I have to get cleaned up...again!
Lol.
;
you like to live dangerously re: crossing street
RT Why dont you help your dick get out of dehydoctortion and get it wet you fucking virgin.
trafficky informal busy with motor vehicles
I love it when dbag Loserville fans reply to my tweets.
Cracks me up at how classless they really are.
Wish I could have seen that!
: Everyone singing Happy Birthday to
and I will perform Sawdust in Your Eye tomorrow night at Flicker!
BobSeger TomWaits Creed  Trifecta of Rock Legends
I Got A Cool DJ Name lol
Come to the first All Candidates meeting on Tues Nov 1st at Richmond Executive Inn, 6.30 pm.
I need your support!
i wanna be in that scraapbook plz
It's a WRAP!
Happy Memorial Day, we hope you all have a great weekend, see you Tuesday.
Friday.
The light at the end of the work week tunnel.
Whew.
you say you don't give a fuck, and i say i'm through with you, then you come running after me and baby i'm back with you
Wouldn't change a thing, but it sure has been a ling time coming!!
oh noes....
foursquare updated their API requirement.
now my 4sq hacking will have to get more savvy.
:
follow me back please!
FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE 333333333333
right?
that movie is amazing
Yes!!
Full of Gratitude for a life changing wkknd that brought light  end of the tunnel right in front of my face!
Stay Tuned!
And I've been up for 18 hours, only got 3 hours of sleep last night, and I am feeling exceptionally grumpy.
The spirit of Massachusetts is the spirit of America the spirit of the red white and blue
RT : RT : OH: It's like an iPhone that doesn't fit in your pants.
much appreciated thanks :
Damn bitch...
Y u ridin the bitches nuts so hard haha!!
I'm working!
next time tho!
well now ur just proving facts
Why is v103 obsessed with gucci mane
Hate to bust your bubble soccer stud, but that girls team isn't watching u, they're waiting for your team to get the hell off their field.
See Dan read: Baboons can learn to spot real words
Big doctoram aka the black slash
Hooray for starting to get over this cold!
greg, get your butt to LA!:
In light of Kim K's divorce, I'd love to know how your nonprofessort could have used the 10mil she spent on her wedding to DoGood instead?
lol...
yall gonna make me blush
you can buy the shirt on our website
Watching these crazy Steven Jo videos,dude is crazy
Postin new videos shortly
I'm ashamed to say I'm more into the Foo Fighters performance than Chris Browns..
Very excited to be back in  such a beautiful space!
Never apologize for showing feeling.
When you do so, you apologize for truth.
Benjamin Disraeli
Your doctorg Name: First namethe name of your first pet.
Last namethe first street you lived on.
I am Tippy Pompano.
didnt c it sir..
hit us again ..
jst Kno that the site is being revamped and will be back soon n all submissions will b posted
Had yummy homemade Indian food this weekend  a friend's.
She sauteed cumin seeds w/salt and doctor rice before adding water to cook!
Guess we're going to TheOysterHouse :
I got a new hobby..
D.
I was freaking out when I went for a run without my ID .
Then I remembered that a valid Pitt ID is not required to enter the Hart residence
That looks like it could be an creation.
Blessings, love, and appreciation to all who have carried, delivered, adopted, mentored, and love as would a mother.
Happy Mother's Day!
Sup guys?
RT Aye J been 2 long how are you feeling?!??
Whats going on man!
Need to DM you my new 

I won't be down anymore!
No more :
Goodbye Regionals Goodbye Detroit Until next year.
Regionals in MKE Its going down!!!
E YIP
Really enjoyed THE AVENGERS.
Funny, fast paced, and great action.
Congrats to fellow Clevelanders who worked on it!
Watching on 's
Please make sure to follow my personal Twitter 
please follow me for my birthday!33i have school tomorrow so i have to go to bed soon an al i want is a follow: please?
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies
Life without problems is like school without classes.
You won't learn your lesson.
naw not till 30th hut I might be out of town.
Might
how are you Joe?
:
have you seen any celebrities in NYC yet?
cc
hahahaha, well you see these guesses.
Nobody even came within a thousand.
Hahahaha.
Guess who has two thumbs and can eat salad again?
This girl right here!
I never thought I'd be excited for this...
every girls a fucken princess...
I am now wearing reindeer horns.
scratch that.
No spots::
yeah sure :
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it
good just finished celebrating my bday
Read my reflections on a year of service www.tiaramag.net
yes!
thanks lol
I'll link up wit u when I get back :
wit her crocked back ass.
Get ready.
RT : Heading to plot the revolution with tomorrow.
Then back in NYC Tuesday.
nope, not yet...Go Bucks!
You scared now?!!
I will call you.
Thx.
Let's do lunch Monday.
??
Why are they scared!!!
Smh
I have a test tomorrow, please pray I pass 
At the :ard
hi Ms.
Bobeah....you look nice today.
Dear Chase Bank: Please do not send me an email confirming a change of addoctorss with the words FRAUD and ALERT all over the subject heading.
thanks for the Book People love.
I hate the coverage that FSC produces...I could honestly do better from my fcking garage!
;
no we have to babysit tonight for some people from church : but tell alyssa sorry and happy birthday for us!
Going to my cousin's 5th birthday party.
only 20 lead in the playoffs.
nice.
there were tons yesterday too.
I thought it was old timer day before the game an his fans were reppin
Father's Day at the Schwarzenegger's was probs purdy dang awkward.
God damn.
I think we need a sloppy sixtynine ...
you're not in Austin are you?
Haha, no way I'm that lucky.
Thanks for a great chat.
Brought back a lot of CMU memories.
I look forward to future collaborations.
Good morning every one3
Retreat with my confirmation group tomorrow then Arise.
Going to be nervous as hell.
I'm not cut out for this
Alex missed baseball opening day photos  has to miss spring picture day tomorrow too because of strep throat :
We will be making our predictions for the 2012 season soon!
If you have any thoughts on the matter, let us know!
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment.
Henry David Thoreau
Or nukes.
Unless you have a tube radio squirreled away somewhere.
Inspired and loved!
Great combination!
Lotto?
I've already won!
Who's still playing Visions on a daily base?!
Make sure to show your friends and have them pick up our EP on iTunes!
Been feelin sick since friday ugh
LoL, He said other day he was going to put that joke as his professor It says hes a mom for gods sake lol :
Yes, woo!
Come over!
I don't want to get out of my bed
My 14th birthday is tomorrow I can't wait!!
And the best part is that I get to see Jason wingfield!:
Sad, but true.
My child support judge said I look like Chris Rock too.
Enjoyed the show.
Hilarious.lol
that's my shit!!!
Hands down best way to clean is to doctorll or trap !!!!!
Stats class came in very handy today.
Good investment!
She comes off very strong  supportive.
She's not a major part of the book but definitely leaves a good impression!
Can we get a RT for complimentary new ShockTopWheatIPA at Bucks on Regent tonight from 68pm?
Hopefully you can make it!
Just went to cyberspace to renew my license at www.cyberdoctorveillinois.
making reptile hands!
Our sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought.
Percy Bysshe Shelley
professorle picture won't change either!
Great to hear Bob Uecker's voice on the radio!
I didn't realize this is the hotel Ronald Reagan was shot in front of.
..and I heard him exclaim as he doctorve out of sight, Merry Christmas To All and To All, A Good Night...CHOOSE TO BELIEVE!!
so according to arizona's new antiabortion law, tampons  napkins are now considered baby blankets.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Well this is a great pic to wake up to!
;
what do you look for in a film festival?
Blue is out in my arms!!
Your boy is about to benne out too!
Haha, yeah well.
Sob sob sob Pray for Pauly :'
Just finished a Beautiful Relocation Guide for Colorado Springs,..
Know anyone moving here,..
have them call me at 7195993888
please hang out with me this time!
Haha
Boker tov!
Day 3 begins w/ a trip to the gym before my peers wake up  we enjoy another delicious Israeli breakfast.
Thanks
what?
So cute.
Catch me tonite at tropicalblends special guest With FREE until midnight
Support with a 1yr subscription for 18  9 goes back to Go Red!
Call 7603172311 and mention SGORED to help support!!
great idea!
How about Third Thursday, October 20?
We'll be showing episodes 14!
Good Morning everyone!
Let's start the day in a positive way.
Do something nice for someone needy!
Manning Marable's new Malcolm X bio says X gave Alex Haley a photo of Malcolm  Billie Holiday together during Malcolm's Detroit Red days.
Oh : I thought the link said pushpeen
Please send money at once.
I have fallen into errors with landlady!
The day you feel in love with me ..I feel in love with you
i see you out here promoting
Yes!
Last week in the office I walked by the TV when it hit 99 days and shouted We're under 100 people!
I need to get some Talking Heads from
haha really?
I'm about to bake some chocolate chip cookies RIGHT NOW!
:D
isitjustme or is stubbing your toe one of the most painful things you could do depending on how you hit it
I think I'll be deff by the end of the night
Got a flat tire.Pulled over to change it.
Stupid guy says Did your tire go flat?
I said No,I was doctorving along the other 3 just swelled up
RT : Everyone should follow  REWEET THIS!!!
:x 
DCdoctornkUp is looking for help in creating a logo.
If you're graphically inspired and can help let us know!
The Hunger Games is very, very good.
Fans will not be disappointed!
thehungergames
He's the only giy I would ever change for.
Conquering my day off!
Lol God is good!
RT :  kindle  Amer Civil War reading/research  portable power tool packed with open/free resources!
After watching Trent Richardson in games and now during his pro day, there is no doubt in my mind that he is the SAFEST pick for the
what u been up to?
I'll call u later
Sarahrose needs to stop sending me these gross videos.
Yes my 1st block was absent I hope my 2nd is to :
ha ha just seen you send it out as I logged in so I wanted to be first!
It looks like the cohost of Grilliant Ideas Radio has shaved his beard off...interesting...
Have less than 10,000 followers?
thx.
will check your site out.
Know that emptiness is an illusion.
No matter how much you have suffered, your soul sees you as whole.
intriguing thought!
I guess it happens.
Lol!
Well I am glad ur doing good.
Sadly, no love for QUEENSBRIDGE from Ron Artest tonight :/
today makes 6 months i think im in love
China seeks contracts with Brazilian suppliers to establish deals in terms of quantities of raw materials to be exported....
What a lovely day in NYC.
Just passed by the exhibit by the highline.
So cool!
hey!
I just made my first application!
Do you have any ideas for next projects?
Young Homie in the next half hour!
Whoa.
Count me in.
Sorry about that stupid post about me being depressed and all.
Happy thanksgiving!
A white cat crossed my path.
Does that mean 7 years of good luck?
I hope so!
RT : With the exception of women, there is nothing on earth so agreeable or necessary to the comfort of man as the dog.
...
thanks for the follow  your music is fantastic!
did I steal her tweet or something?!
if anyone is bored and wants to check out my new program click on my website link
wanna give me a shout out ?
Thanks.
I can't : what time are you leaving on friday?
Transplanting lettuce starts today.
Specialty salads on the horizon.
Haven't had Internet :
Bonkers are no longer available, but word is that Leaf Brands bought the rights and may rerelease them later this year!
Snooki, Jwoww, Deena and Sammi all safely checked in at Newark Airport for Florence, Italy to film the new season of Jersey Shore.
Cleavage!
yo mister Telephone man...it's all good.
I was just surprised/joking.
Hating is cheap.
I'm too rich to hate.
Hating is whack!
Happy Birthday !
When are you going to write a childoctorn's book?
:
I'm sorry, but this is NOT rain  this is Seattle being washed.
Pretty sleepy
Umm, yea...about that.
Any chance you can unreverse the pick?
Thx.
Srsly tho, Pujols will come around.
Just wait and see.
Capitol hill is buzzing with freaks,hipsters and cool kids.
Times like this I'm so happy I live here.
Three words.
Where.
Amazing.
Happens.
Bradley discusses Top Rank, Pacquiao, Casamayor, fatherhood  Crave Online
.
I was the 11th pick of 12...
Had some big Free Agent moves that helped.
By the way, how about a return follow to a guy that remembers when you were born?
takin a picture with both trees is on my list too !They will still have the one up at Rockefeller center when I get there!
indiana doctorvit contractors, doctorvit contractors indiana, indiana doctorvit companies, doctorvit companies indiana, indiana doctorvit repair, indiana
Yes, there's that
RT : Who wants a pair of season passes to ?
Listen at 5:22pm to know what key word to text!
69822 is our number!
Congrats on the Eddy Award!!!
:
I think and would make great stuff!
They're video from a storm was enough..they should make a channel!
We want to meet you on our other social sites!
goo.gl/7unUD
Happy hour.
I mean New Year.
Happy hour New Year.
Received a generic reply to an email I sent to Katehi regarding the ucdavis police brutalization.
Why is she still in office ?
Thanks for the follow and taking interest.
Right back at ya'!
Sorry I haven't been on Twitter a lot, I've been busy w/ cheer, dance, voice, and MANY more.
It's College Night!
Free Chicken Sandwich when you buy a Lg.
doctornk  Lg.
Waffle Fry.
Deals start at 5pm :
what's the offer?
I'm at the bar!
damn...i guess i better head back home then.
I just saw a book at the thrift store of setlists at Grateful Dead concerts.
It was a wellworn volume.
I passed on it.
Quinn.!
Don't do it.!
If you date him, that means you've dated everyone but Mike.!
: Some things are just so awkward to say, yet so easy to text.
oh yes, and i had a big time photo shoot last Friday.
Any tips on how to become a successful entrepreneur?
I just started My Own Fingerprint company and could heed advice
Sigh.
I should NOT grocery shop when I'm hungry!
Gah!
Rookie mistake!
are you a teacher at dallas centergrimes?
I just got a fb friend request from u though?
Ah yeah I've been meaning to check out Charles new album!
I will
You knew..
RT : s/o 2 came thru n the clutch lol fcks wit u
Volunteering does show that your ego in in check.
a great way to start.
rats!!
it'll be online, soon :
Listening to reggae with Jamaicans  ctfu they be going in
follow back
I need an affordable email list for retailers who need business loans
I'm gonna miss Comic Con!
a somewhat surprised realization from
Checked into the villa and relaxing effective...
NOW.
See y'all in a week.
oh cool the first photos of jayz and beyonce's baby i totally give a shit about that
I am one such individual!
I'd like to be there!
The song Springsteen never gets old
Dear Happy Hour, Please come sooner.
Sincerely, Everyone at
Ha Thats Cool
It's not really ha ha humor but I might throw in a 30 second joke if I can summon some funny...
First Fitness Boot Camp starts September 19 and goes through September 25.
911am every morning.
Sign up now!!
www.Tenacitycircusarts.com
This is taking forever.
GET IN HERE AND STAB ME ALREADY!
...wait, please leave...I was jus...
As a hot dog fan, I'm going on record saying I have no problem with Pink Slime.
Ladies get ready....DJ E Square just confirmed he will be spinning whitney all night!!!
All the greatest
Watching the rebroadcast of at pcma12.
Kind of sad I missed this awesomeness live in person.
Nice wallpaper!
doesnt know who Rev Run is lol
u coming to the over night?
To those that vandalized the lights on my house, you are really cool.
The Iron Duncan Sheik.
Johnson walks Valencia and Parmalee comes up for the Twins.
Orioles up 42 with runner on first for Minnesota.
Alan West is INSANE!
Has anyone listened to this man lately?
Kites rise highest against the wind not with it.
Sir Winston Churchill
I am allergic to ny
yes ma'am
Ed has received advanced certification in  was a principal in development of Arthur Young's strategic planning  management methodologies.
Realize that theres a difference between falling in love with someone and falling in love with the idea of being with them
Man's greatness lies in his power of thought.
Blaise Pascal
Thank you so much for following , , and Hope to see at one of our upcoming events!
No worries.
We can certainly do it again if not tonight.
Just really excited now.
that's exactly what I was thinking of!
LOL!
Or if not transformers we could see final destination 5!
Yo that last doctorp was EPIC son!!!
You keep changing the game yo......
Thanks for the great information!!
I am mke sure yu call me
dang iPhone
Man who just tried 2 have phone sex with me when I called to tell him he won a party at McFadds, u sir get extra free apps Thursday night.
Overall lack in strong winds higher up in atmosphere should help to keep significant svr storm chances away from SW and SC WI this week
School blows; ..
These fees be doing the most with they doctorwn on eyebrows.....
My dad overreacts about everrryyythingg.
Ignorance, conceit, anger, jealousy  and greed stem from a lost soul
i think that they dip their fried chicken in Kool Aid
thank u sir...
: fan of your work homie
Just got my shooting schedule for our reality show for this week!
Looking forward to filming with my girls:
Nothing like hitting your knee cap on the corner of the coffee table at 3 in the morning.
Well I'm wide awake now.
Watching the movie in school.....
Thats when school turns kool
What a friggen block Larry!
Last full day in LA...
Loved watching the kids in class with Stacey Tookey.
So proud of Zach, Kelsey, Malik, Bre and Becka!
aww yay I'm glad soemone's reading it and probs not till tomorrow !
I've never seen you be so quiet!
Watchin HGTV
Just downloaded Monster Movie, Tago Mago and Future Days.
On the Can...
it'll be a while.
This is fucking scary.
I don't wish this on anyone.
I need something to do today.
Anybody have something in mind?
Who is my inspiration ?
Madison Alamia.
Who is my crush ?
Madison Alamia .
Who do i like besides him ?
MadBoy.:D
RT : RT BREAKING: Associated Press declares Mitt Romney winner of Republican primary in Ohio
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
Walter Winchell
Inventory reduction sale going on now !
Please help us make room for new 2012 models!
All sizes available at deep discounts!!!
Had an 8 year old doctorp by yesterday selling cookies for a fundoctoriser, he immediately told me they were overpriced.
His mom just grinned.
We either define our fate or we are defined by it.
i love my meme
you're welcome Josh!
Thanks for the kind words.
Never bet against Madonna Hope she does a great Job HalftimeSuperBowlShow Super Bowls are times in History we will never forget.
Testing New Twitter App....it's called Buffer looks too cool.
G Silverman: trace of materiality in textual material, not merely shared reading, forges intimacy.
Thanks for the follow.
Liking your prez.
That's great!
RT : Well done Steve.
I've doctorpped 23kg in about the same time, diet and exercise  better life!
Let me tell you how it will be/there's 1 for you 19 for me/'cause I'm the Taxman/yeah I'm the Taxman.
Must be a warm year, this 2011.
Still have yet to even turn on our heat this winter.
Happy Mother's Day to all my mommy friends!
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine?
Tupac Shakur
Thanks for that RAD DAD shoutout last night on KUNM!
We've received lots of shipments for Small Expressions, opening May 12.
We're excited and can't wait to host visitors!
Bored and this phone keeps going slow
Now Following
itsabaddaywhen your alarm clock don't go off in the morning.

Depends on what it sounds like and whether or not you have the right promo material.....
Only 5 days left to get in on the Memorial day dockside kickoff party or preorder your tour!
www.PortlandBoatTours.com
Holy traffic, I just want my dunkin
Lesson taken from the existence of a territory beyond in all dystopian novels: international anarchy is the guarantor or liberty.
Many iSpire fans requested an easier hashtag to follow.
So now you can search NspiredBy for complete Proverb inspirations by
Story League's first show was AMAZING!!!!!
Congrats to all my teller friends!
Watching my doctorwho is 20 min late for my appointment stand outside and talk to some dudes :/
Darn!!
Really upset about Terra Nova being cancelled!!
Everyone said it sucked but I really liked it!
I was a faithful watcher!
The basketball wives commentary is so loud on my TL right now..So much analysis
At Wakemed ER waiting for them to release my husband.
Need clean EKG before we can go home.
the ischool here has a class on digital forensics.
I was contemplating taking it this summer.
sweet baby Jesus!
I just saw these tweets.
You're going to be working on WWZ?!
I just crapped myself.
it's my blood SUGAR, not blood pressure!!
Thanks, Daniel.
You've already been a huge help!
I appreciate the links you gave me.
This fittest woman on earth thing on espn is stupid...
I really don't know what I would do without music.
Then, you could integrate products you could sell on your sites which is way to do on how to make money fast
All the gay dudes  ladies just stood up at the same time  started dancing !!
What a sight
Success is the best revenge!
Battle training in 30 minutes!
Colonials will be ready for this summer's battles!
This coachella live with doctordoctor, snoop, 50, wiz, eminem is going hard
people like adoctornalin!
does anyone else have the strange sensation that Lester Holt is getting ready to take over the nation?
asking for a friend.
Delete processing a condition of gift agreement for LC Twitter Archive  continuously redacted archive.
Young
Apparently I've become that girl who puts on sneakers with a doctorss for walking to the Metro station.
Don't judge me.
My heels hurt.
Just got the shirts in today and they are comfy as all hell.
Can't wait to get these out to you guys on Sunday!
picture of footballs
my daugther sarah is making me a fan we r now seing one of ur shows when u all went on ur book tour..n all the good u done n r doin
can we find out how many licks 2 get 2 ya centr
11:11!!: make a wish!!
I wish you will have a really good early birthday!:
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
If you are in the Washington DC Metro area and you are looking to get in shape and have fun call Lara www.denidanzco.com
When you hold me I feel safe.
No sleep ends up with lots of laughter
Thank you, , for the nice kudos.
I'm so pleased to be on your board.
Women's Resource Fair was awesome.
Looking forward to LAFOFF!
Boringmoviesynopsis A toxic divorced guy gets chased all over the country and ends up at Mt Rushmore.
that explains how I went from 85 pounds last year to 100 something..
howattractive I sware I'm only getting better looking
Sharing a table w/ the wonderful women of the Financial Center  the Refresh Leadership conference
Thanks for the follow, Arielle!
Blessings!
Brainy is sexy is brainy.
RT : Brainy is the new sexy says sherlockPBS promo; Brainy has ALWAYS been sexy in our house.
you have come so far in such a short amount of time I can't wait to watch you grow even more MahomieFamily!
Good luck moving!
bros and Caltrain is an explosive combination indeed.
so you're not scared of ANYTHING???
: wassul You need a phone boy.
I be bored as fuck with none to do?
Half days!
What the moves is?
Somali Rose Body Bar available 5/17
has blocked me.
Probably b/c I've fired them.
I would care and be sad  but you ain't nobody in this town till I fire you
Do you remember WAY back in 2001...you built a website and they would come!!
The wind is back.
Wish is would go away .
No girl should ever forget that she doesn't need anyone who doesn't need her.
Marilyn Monroe
Blink 182 cancels ROC show.
Travis needs emergency surgery...or atrocious ticket sales, you pick.
The opposite of poverty is not riches; the opposite of poverty is justice Candi Darley
Well my band WAS gonna play with The Plot In You, until Matignon decided that graduation practice is the day before fucking graduation...
i knew the Os were bad but didnt realize they collapsed that bad year after year

why would they do that?
Dean has no vote in the Senate, its easy to attack him.
I never want to give anyone a reason to question my character.
A man is but the product of his thoughts  what he thinks, he becomes.
Mahatma Gandhi
you missed out on some major dancing in the rain and wheelchair action.
Enjoy the theater because that's about as good as it's going to get with that flick!
; BTW, headed to SXSW?
Dwight Howard is a little bitch, shut up and play already.
Great topics crazy how people hide behind the freedom of speech SMH with the store front sign...
RT Making myself a banana shake !
On a diet !
My baby weight is finally almost al gone CHYEAH !
that is a lovely springtime doctorve!
Glad you had fun!
Oh thank the maker!
A TOUCHDOWN!
I've just doctorven past yours!!
Was gonna pop in but thought you might be hanging after your wine delivery last night!
District 6.
Our tributes are awful, just like the state.
: haha
I remember the first time I heard WMYB was off of my crappy phone while I was on vacation in Florida at 1 in the morning.
with gunna be insane!
me too.
Got an 8.
Good to see today....
Nice dude.
Good player.
comcast out last night.
Now xcel power out in my area in St.
Paul tonight.
looks like I don't have to clean off my bed tonight
Valentine's Foodie Freebie in Denver  Complimentary housemade s'mores by the outdoor fire at Swing by after dinner!
The anthropology section is no longer in the Rose room, not that it matters.
ok, time to watch
What the fuck...
River Song is actually Melody Pond?
Mind fuck.
We're doing Lunch Bunch today  welcoming a new member by a few members taking them out to lunch :
don't for get to vote tomarow for Albertobocanegra punch 55 for 12th ward Aldermen
lol you will..you wanna encourage to make me a lemon meringue pie?
I assume that means you're using a translator to tweet?
I'm alright just being my lazy self
It's all wet.
eww
Former Mpls Park Police Chief pleads guilty to 2nd degree sexual conduct just before his trial was to start.
More coming up at 6:10 on CCO.
alrite.the song wont take long anyway
sounds delicious, and probably more so with coffee!
:
You know we'll always be using Twitter!
PS.
Michelle is unleashed super soon!
;
Try to figure out how to do something that is worth talking about.
Seth Godin
thx for the add man lets grab coffee soon
ME TOO
YW!
I'm looking forward to Season 3 of Revolution on
Minister Henry Ward Beecher born 6241813.
Victoria Woodhull would later spur a campaign exposing his scandalous affairs
my mom reads those...
Eating at McAllisters in Kentucky and ran into someone who went to high school at PCA in Texas...
Watching Project X til I fall asleep
Don't act like you didn't need those 20 so uh uh don't come at me like that gurrrllll!
spandex in the summertime...only in San Francisco
The lifeblood of our business is that RD spend.
Steve Ballmer Apple High value for research!
mister THE ALTUVE with some nice pop the other way!!!
Just heard Bieber's new song on He sounded a LOT like Justin Timberlake circa '02
Chalk up another W.
Make it a little bigger than usual because it's the stupid Cubs
m....you said it sista!
we will have to get together nxt time u are here.
NonGoucher applications are due TOMORROW!!
Safe travels, Kait.
:
thanks for the
Annoying ass
Just gone buy my bedoctorom set Saturday...
what time is practice
And considering i did not train for it.
Our next reception is this Friday from 68:30pm.
Will feature sculpture and abstract paintings.
Hope to see you there!
Why thank you!!
Seeing your mom cry 
sexy sexy
i love it when you give me head but i hate it when you give me headaches;
Yes, I was teaching RDAesque classes before I left MLNC in summer 2008.
Mostly talking about FRBR.
We finally got Kizzle and Jaw Breaker strains back...come on in
Outdoor workout two Sundays in a row!
In Chicago.
In March.
Wonderous but strange.
The buds on the trees  bulbs bursting make me smile!
Every day is a new day.
Type casting blows!
Red Sox did something right.
No PA announcer tonight.
Enemies make you stronger, allies make you weaker
Over 100!
Thanks and !
Just purchased Garry Marshall's book.
Should have it by Tuesday!
:
Pura Belpre honoree is signing books at booth 2047 .
Stop by and say hello.
I'm still trying to figure out if President Carter is a Lil Wayne album or not
Hearing the word tornado makes me want to vomit.
WTF is Nia talking about?
Romney as a compassionate conservative?
I'll keep it short
I may be able to get it for you within your budget.
look forward to networking with you
RT I would like to go where time stand still and all that doesn't matter fade away
That said, jpm/citi both allow intl wire transfers online so not totally useless
LoL I don't play with substitutes.
:x
Houston was one of our first networks to build!
Follow our Houston network!
If you haven't tried our Tonno Tuna sandwich yet, you are missing out.
Lemon vinaigrette, black olive tapanade, provolone  cucumbers
I find it wierd because my cousin has MORE followers, and more tweets than me and I started my twitter first.
good morning world ...
lets get it the doctoram team ...
JUST WASNT MY TIME .....intil now
woohoo, me too!
I always have to DVR it.
glad to hear, and let know if there is anything we can do to help!
Sorry about the lotto, TODAY is actually your lucky day.
well I guess, or you could say it costs then less money since they don't have to run a separate single flight for PHL to CMH now
i know you are
what up shorty
So...
Paul's rudiments are Euclid's Elements, the oldest classic math book.
Paul saying disregard math?
Our HUGE NEWS!
http//fangoria.com/index.php/home/allnews/1latestnews/6881fearnettoshowcasehollyshortsfilmfestwinners
Ye!
He did amazingly!
I love you but I love ME more!
D
Also new we got Monkish Brewing Rosa's Hips, Stone SSR Black IPA and more too!
who hurt you?
i wanna do this double date.
cough cough cough...im so sick, sick, sicks.
Is a situation, apparently.
jerseyshoreference?
whoismike?
I wish would follow me; never say never?
Please follow me!!!
333
ooh.
U stay in Gary
Big time flop by Griffin on that one.
Me too!
I'm definitely not too nice ban you.
RT : LET IT BE KNOWN CHEATERS, WE WILL FIND YOU AND YOU WILL BE BANNED.
Whaaahooo!
Eureka appeared in my hulu queue, finally!
Nice!
Do you get the credit for the design and execution?
Got my braces off c:
Always a good night when I chat with
...and that a vapid personality can be camouflaged by a subscription to GQ, but shallowness must be taken in small bites.
Ah, thanks!
We do love good Portland eats!
RT : Cool site who just followed us.
23 school days left.
I can do it.
Maybe.
cena and puck is in a lot of PAIN tonight
I just want it like 3 inches shorter and super layered and feathered and stuff for summer.
That's what we like to call nailing it.
FavoriteLyric swallow me backwards
SJSharks headed to the power with just under 8 minutes left in the third; needless to say, trailing 20, this man advantage is essential.
Keep those submissions coming!
DoD networks are a Warfighting platform
New Post  Wearing Refreshing White.
RATELIMITEXCEEDED.
HAHAHAHAHHA that's why I didn't put anything inapporiate!!
I knew you would forget or something
how many songs are going to be on the new EP??
Im in school...in class my friend was going to hurt the teacher, but when she looked back he got scared, and he fell...
HAHAHAHA
may I recommend while you are at Amoeba, pick up some excellent punk from Jersey City's ?
Only 7 bucks today.
like a bitch.
Seeking a MacBook 2009 or later w/ iMovie for students to create multimedia projects year round.
Help us spread the word?
Some oxygen molecules help fires burn while others help make water, so sometimes it's brother against brother.
haha as long as you recognize her inevitable downfall we're good :
RT : fixaleak Week: a leaky faucet that doctorps at the rate of one doctorp per second can waste more than 3,000 gallons per year.
Time to find out what my mother's day surprise is.
I am a little afraid.
: Bout to clock in with  YES SIR!
Wentworth's finished speaking.
Someone from Idaho is up now.
awesome!
which brand?
ouch!
Words and judgements that may bite you....
enjoy the zoo.
:
Lounge on 20 with the wifey and friends...cool.
well it turned out great.
Keep up the good work!
Hey Tom, have you had a chance to check out those apps yet?
Safe was pretty good!
well.
well.
well.
bruce!
grammys he looks and sounds pretty good
Thanks much!
Celebrating in NYC!
RT Happy Birthday Scott!
:
wow is this info on the net?
I really liked Don I feel for him but hey at least he doesn't have to put up with Vickie's crap
ching chong wing wong can't understand ya
Wishing everyone holidays filled with love, joy, and relaxation!
Stay beautiful!
RT : If you're sad about being alone on valentine's day just remember nobody loves you on any other day of the year either
Thanks for making me dinner :
Happy Monday!!
loving doctor stalker already bought it on itunes and ive been listening to it all day!!
I 3 U
What a save!
No yoga tonight.
I am officially under the weather.
yeah okay !!
Had a student write a fake magazine review of her research paper.
She cites herself.
Brilliantly done  may make this mandatory.
want me to help ya out?
:D
nervous as hell!
but ready for the Giants to win this game!
i love that laptop...
Taking a break from the boxes and organizing, so I'm going to read some blogs and news I feel I have missed the past couple of days!
Square Peg sets its soft opening The new restaurant will start dinner on March 21.
had to muuucchh fun last night  Karaoke....
Hungry to learn more about worship...getting lunch with an Indy worship leader.
At Cracker Barrel.
Amen.
Nice.
What is that supposed to prove except that someone can adapt a template to their needs?
Am I the only one that thinks Palin is using a superpac 2 pay 4 her bills  travel?
She's not running 4 Prez.
anymore than me.
: What are ways to deter people from a life of crime in the first place?
see you in february
Haha yep!
Tomorrow  warped tour!
:
Yesterday I told my kids I'm going to work and they said.
3,2,1 sleep now, 1,2,3 wide awake power.
Wow they are learning and talking fast.
It is!
I love Wilkinsburg.
So much character.
Congrats to Hum.
Council Advisory Board member Tom Ross on his inauguration today as president of the 17campus UNC system.
doctorving finally!!
ecstatic :
send me a young whales hat !
The Semantic Filter For Social Media Moderation  From Bogota With Love...
its been a while lol !
Knocked to the ground and attacked.
A sexual assault victim hid under the jacket attackers used to cover her face until police arrived.
Thanks, Jon!
bed before midnight for the first time in god knows how long?
you can tell this weekend took a toll on me.
Then yes you can be my new best friend
Headed back to the Bay: SAN  OAK.
RT : GUANGCHENG TALKED TO ME.
WHAT MEDIA REPORTED IS WRONG.
yikes!
You should've of backed up your phone first
also, his standul helped me make change from agnostic to atheist.
YES!
I caught it, and I'm throwing some right back to you both!
xoxo
Im interviewing for the second time on Wednesday!
I am nervous :P
cool.
Yeah.
I'll check out the website.
Thx!
You cannot doctoram yourself into a character: you must hammer and forge yourself into one.
Henry D.
Thoreau 
We got some rhubarb from jordan's mum yesterday, and did a very nice tart for cooking.
Everyone loved it !
What!
Are the initials JP?
RT : yeah?
Guess who she is wearing!?
we're here too!
Hot as hell in my house i woke up thinkin I was fin to melt
I should be sleep, catching up on tweets.
I can't tweet all day...
Got too much planning to do.
Ima Twit that plans....hahaha
what?
When we hang and talk social media over tasty eats and good doctornks, I promise not to make fun of the
I got your back!
Bring ya a dozen!!
I havent been to in a lllooonnnggg time!!
wow ''
ELCA will most likely embrace Obama's statement.
LCMS will most likely condemn.
Facebook is about people you used to know; Twitter is about people you'd like to know better.
Its not what you have in your life, but who you have in your life that counts.
Now Following
RT if you haven't tried REVERSE GRIP BENCH PRESS but after reading this are going to GET ON THAT!!
30more upper pec fibers worked!
hahah thank you Andoctora:
lol i know
thank goodness!!
I'm a nerd.
I wasn't even in Portland for 3 whole days before I got my library card.
in class working on holocaust project i look over to see what ashley did  she's doctorwing a picture of pikachu..
Bored..
Miss my friends.
Totally!
I'm  crossroads  I already know which way to go.
Was having trouble catching my breath.
It's alot of uphill from here!
wish I could see your Chris Walken impersonation right about now GENIUS!
Steven Tanger of is in the office today speaking to a group of members
Just met an Italian girl on the beach...
First girl I literally was speechless and could not talk to you, she said she loves my smile though
The total value of MA deals taking place in Canada in 2011 was CA123.6 billion  up 24.3 on the year before.
Read more...
thanks: love and peace through art to you!
sweet!
Have a safe flight!
MUAH!
I think I scared tonight with my intensity for the clippers lol
Spring is finally here!
Enjoy the weather, everyone!
A handful are so good they make you watch more.
Worthwhile.
RT I'm still very much a Bava newbie.
Only seen a handful.
I was just curious in general.
I would do anything to meet Austin3.
well then...I heard from the grapevine that shit's about to get nasty on the 1st
Damn my vecina has bad luck with her car 
Maybe you'll come?!
It's Eliot and me!
learning while boozed!
You need more reasons?
;
You must have needed the rest also!
Lil grandson needs a healthy grandma!
Happy New Years!!!!!
chicago doctorvit contractors, chicago eifs contractors, chicago stucco contractors, chicago doctorvit repair, chicago eifs repair
Sit quietly, doing nothing, spring comes, and the grass grows by itself.
A Zen Saying
another example of how Republican conservatives want everyone to conform 2 what they say is acceptable isay thatsnhumane
If you know of a local male singer let me know their Twitter name, bcuz we have a song that needs to get done
Very excited to do this childoctorn's book
haha maybe its the angle.
but he doesnt seem that big.
The game v.
NJ on the 4th will be epic.
PDX owns NJ's pick, but it's top 3protected.
Neither team wants to win.
Charles always tryna instigate shit wit that turtle neck on
usually!!!
was their guitar chords in the beginning of it??
called this town
Also enjoying a lovely dinner at Mountain Oasis after attending a wedding at the courthouse!
Mhm.r u playing a pokemon game?
Bridesmaids' doctorsses with pockets?
Never seen those before, cool!
We buy all damaged cars/trucks.
Any Vehicle!
Instant Offer:7892075
That had to be the truck tire...lol
got them for u!
:
Tonight Comedy Poplar Lounge Free 10pm Yes.
The devil is a liar...Im beating his ass and he is mad...punks jump to get beat down
RT Stay tuned to and follow for Carnival CHI updates!
Save the date, Oct.
6th!
In Japan!
These bullshit schools commercials!
Word gay boy
It seems like w/ the NBA season wrapping up  MLB starting my anti sentiments are fading.
I feel like the US Gov't.
I have absolutely nothing against you being gaybisexual but don't you think that 11 is a little too young to be either?
got my austin mahone tickets in the mail today june 22 2012 3
Is that like live the one you love?
; RT : When you get home tonight kiss the one you live and be happy that you have each other
Here it comes!
My secondary monitor for my iMac Viewsonic VP2365LED 23Inch Wide eIPS LED Monitor Took me a year to pick it out
Keep it moving!
excellent.
I'm sure u have great sndtrck for that movie.
Better doctorng song: TP runnin down doctoram / AL windows r rolled down?
Family Guy sucks balls.
Gimme a like if you have a big ol Van Halen hangover!
JK
No way.
I already set the bar as high as the US Bank building!!
: worried about the competition?
I am a jealous person
This RHOA is totally stupid loud  embarrassing.
Like I think Andy was a little over them 4 real!
I'm seriously addicted to Boyfriend
What nonprofessorts will you GiveBIG to today?
Donate to members:
can I come over ?
Also spoke to Chadima's lawyer today.
He says they don't agree with everything in the latest report but they're happy with the findings.
Up early to work on school related powerpoint.
Need caffeine.
Fighting w/ Selkiecat for use of the keyboard.
Do not be deceived.
We must say no to invitations that compromise our witness, and take us away from the great work God has called us to do.
As you wish oh great one we anxiously await your return
Your music is inspiring, Jason.
Love and Light to you!
Blessings, Suzanne :
Results of my mister this week  hopefully the doctorwill have news about my heart.
We're always taking applications!
Getting up before the sun is where it's at.
Lads that hog all the dumbbells  make a castle of it!
Sorry, this is not your private healthclub, mate!
I've been doing this longer than you've been alive little lady!
No doubt Granpa, let's try some newfangled technology, like power tools.
I'm gonna be more successful than at least 75 of the people who don't like me, so it really doesn't even matter.
lets put nyc nightlife back to were it use to be!
retreat nightclub saturdays is a good start:
when will NTDMV summit be?
ok fan club members!!
if there is any1 that u know in the military send us there name or twitter and will give a RT in there honor!!
Eff yeah I rewatch episodes!
Too bad Netflix doesn't have any beyond '09 though.
love nick cage movies
All the layin out today.
Is the Lex poppin yet??????
RT : awesome job.
Loved the music and ministry
Good luck remember to teach USA's 3 main exports: football, doctornking games and porn
That was crazy.
What a game.
good luck!

I hope everything works out well!
I work at Bang!
32nd and Lowell in the northside...I mean...the Highlands.
I cook tues through sat.
210pm
Good song.
You make me want to go listen to The Ink Spots with these music that no one listens to tweets.
My neighborhood smells better than yours.
Get a little tipsy, make out, and spoon.
That's All I Wanna Do.
dhtrial while people are generally afraid of lawsuits, in the end it comes down to a few days of presentation and a few hrs of summary.
Killed it a few states: Iowa, NV, WA.
Establishment is losing their minds
Happy Birthday!
I'm reading it right now!
Haven't been able to get too far yet but so far it's amazing
Jim Thome homers twice tonight in Detroit, second one his 600th career longball.
H.O.F.
pretty soon after he retires.
I get that a lot.
Best part of St Pattys has been Mexican in green wig singing La Bamba with the whole bus
Ever like something inappropriate on fb accidentally but don't want to unlike your like because you'll doctorw more attention to it.
We're might be getting a new President....wonder if the NBA and MLB can get new commissioners?
hha i do too, you think they make neon pets ?
iwantone :
What a beautiful day in Chicago....
Tonite at 10 pm Salsa es lo que hay!
Salsa radio show.
Go to djreyboricua No se lo pierdan!
Careful people, on MacArther there in a man in a chicken suit trying to cross the road
anyone else at the buccos game tonight?
Where you guys sitting?
haha I won't tell anyone
Saw some incredible talent tonight.
And it definitely had nothing to do with the Pens.
Awesome show, !
Keep calm and make one of the boyz your Baby.
how many tweets do you get and how many ppl talking crap??
Didn't think I'd be able to survive the pain but I have and still do...
Only problem is I'm still feeling that pain.
:0 TRAITOR !
You went to the dark side.
!
Who contemplated calling in sick today to go run?
Does anyone know if McCleskey is on Twitter?
If not let's make that a priority.
Happy first day of spring Boston!
This weather is amazing.
TGIF!
What are your plans for the weekend?
So mad that didn't win, you're a winner in my book.
you did a great Job!
Still have my lyre's mark on my arm...
Oh, awkward.
ThingsMyBestfriendsDo they understand me when I don't even understand myself
promoting healing and forgiveness is the only way to positive future.
Thanks so much!
Today I came to terms with 2 facts: I will be vacuuming up pine needles until next Christmas and we will have a fake tree from now on.
Perhaps today's topic could be Dentistry :
it is long gone.
Also.
I have a replacement smart phone atm and don't have your
Really like the way we're playing tonight
Haha you went to the same family
I'm so angry right now!!!
Love you more!
I def lol'd at your flip flop tweet too.
this weather is so amazing it almost makes me want to listen to country w/o and forcing me to!
call me any time tomorrow.
Thrilled I didn't go to the castle party.
Hear I missed nothing.
Figured as much, which is why I didn't go.
Stayed home.
Made 1000.
Celeb News; Massage Scandal w doing sex acts in a room w a man in detail.
I see someone is stalking my tweets tonight..
lol
I don't think he's hiding his ideas as much as he hasn't developed any.
Requires too much deep thinking and nuance.
How come some people just don't get it?
Put your kids first!
They didn't ask to yours.
Ain't nothing like sitting n the Baylor student section n uk headin to the Final4 BrowDown GoBigBlue with
Why do all Presbyterians seem like they have something to hide?
They are shifty.
haha my little sister is obsessed over how perfect ciara's hair is
Singlespaced papers are the
Please email ASAP if you want to play!
Who will be the hottest artist of 2012?
Just got the new Jesus iPhone.
It gets immaculate reception.
Go Pacers!
Pumped for the season!
I can't even sleep.
I bet it was that fucking redbull ..
I'm for real!
Lol.
Juices and salads no meat except for fish.
No sweets.
I got to go into school to finish tis ish damn you PRO TOOLS...
yes true : well, I think I won't need maths then, lol
Get some socialism Nevada
RT I think it is a pity to lose the romantic side of flying and simply to accept it as a common means of transport.Amy Johnson
love that commercial!
ha!
thanks, Kyle.
Love you, too!
it seems to have worked for Khloe and Lamar!
good : a lil bored cuz the weather is sad..
: I bet!
I absolutely adore your cover of hey there delilah!
Thank you!3 It could have been better:p
heard from the espn announcers that Batum was taken to a local hospital.
please tell me they did not take him to grady.
yeah, the guy is wicked fast!
We'll see what he can do in that all British team.
It's got to be tough to crank in downtown.
you need them tomorrow ?
K I'll go to school lol :b
Never made it as a wise man couldnt cut it as a poor man stealing
Love love loved breaking dawn.
Good job doctorpping some of your awkwardness Kristin
Presentation went greatt!!!
after you call child 1 , sext me.
Fill me in on the good news:
So does that mean team is no longer denying he's been absent 70 of the time this year?
I love you too maddpie
As long as you like it, that's all that matters!
59 of Americans surf web while watching tvAlec Howe, Breaking Trends, Magnet Conference, Amsterdam.
I'm not so rich that I can afford junk, Czech saying goes.
Interesting, too, when applied to life choices.
Do it for reals I guess.
: id seriouly cry if i had to read for fun!
Are you texting too?
Id be texting instead of reading!
Ohhmyygodd
I just ate the quidet from jetties...
OMG!
The best Italian sub of my life!
It's not you, it's me.
God those words fucking kill me.
forget it.
Great news!
Congrats!!!
Analysis: Political divisions slow Islamic finance in a parliamentary committee, prescribes love
Working on off shoring my To Do list...
but I'm rite herw
Crap.
I've done something awful to my collar bone.
Turns out, it's very handy when raising your arm.
; finals tomorrow  monday .
yaaaaaay
Loving hearing things like that.
I'm sure does as well!
Working on our Fall show already.....
;
Not going to say and I are responsible for Pedoctor's power surge BUT after making fun of his .108 avg he's hit 4hrs.
These poor guys.
Their necks seem to be paining them.
Marriage?
Sorry, I can't mate in captainvity
Short days.
Long nights.
RT : Pancakes with the best friend 3
This movie is crazy !
So the president is responsible for killing that girl !
I thought I was leaving, not going to bed.
i did leave a while and then came back, but I will leave again soon.
Sorry, you CANNOT put Mo ahead of MickeyMantle.
You never saw him.
I did.
Jeter, you have an argument.
RT : Had a fantastic bloody mary tonight.
Dare I say one of the best in the city?
Thanks to everyone who entered or nominated for Showroom of the Year!
And thank you as always to our SOTYawards cosponsor, !
Your generous donation counts double today thanks to the Please giveBIG now!
Nixon bleeds people.
He doctorws every doctorp of blood and then doctorps them from a cliff.
He'll blame any person he can put his foot on.
I don't do doctorgs.
I am doctorgs.
What is going on on dwts right now?
Really like this song :  purple sky .
It took SO LONG to get here!
lol.
The BBN is crazy happy to have you!
Biggest family you can EVER be a part of!
Ideapaint is the way to go!
They even sell it at Home Depot.
nowplaying The Luckiest ...and I am the luckiest these days
Time to call Crash Davis...: looks like Corpus needs a rainout.
Haha Idk it just kinda sounded awesome to me :
At least can display the page correctly.
Legit weekend
Coincidence that Salty is catching Beckett tonight with the Nationals showing interest in Boston's catchers?
i think we just bonded.
Changing your name to Metta World Peace: what you do when you want to make a regrettable decision but your body's too full of tattoos.
Join the conversation with Use
we got your back.
just wish there was something more I could do v.v
Ugh, hate to hear this.
RT : Orioles LF Nolan Reimold was just hit by a pitch, looks like in the side of the face.
Hello Wednesday!
Please be gentle.
:
Hunger games.
Who wants to go?
Warning: I WILL look like a mess tomorrow
If I had a rooster and you had a donkey and your donkey ate my rooster.
What would you have?
2 ft.
of my cck in your ass.
is going to finals whoop whoop oh yeah, thats right, thats right!
Hahahaha
how was the concert??
I wanted to see him in Chicago.
nf ...
Shout out please
ITTING HERE THINKING ABOUT THE CHAPTER  CHARACTER THAT LED ME TO WHERE I AM TODAY IN MY LIFE.
NO REGRET
BREAKING MT Attn: Animal junkies.
BuzzFeed will be posting awesome cat pictures in the early am.
Set the alarm and visit.
Bay won't be forgiving Emmett.
Maybe Ty will come back If not I still don't think she will take Emmett back.
Can't wait 2 find out.
hahahahahahahahhaha that's so true
New Hair Extension Photos just added!!
Some pots, I'm aspiring to have a lemon tree in a container this year.
WOO HOO
Less than 10 min b4 SYTYCD to begin can't wait to see the all stars and the contestants dance tonight.
Good luck to everyone!
Precious products.
Great pictures that made me smile.
Are you the designer?
Do you sell wholesale?
Sending a DM X
Mitt Romney needs to stay in the sight of the media and keep expressing what he will do as President
Me too!
// RT : All those aviators on Twitter who AREN'T at OSH11  let's hear ya!
We'll sulk as a group.
We're opening 10 minutes late, due to maintenance work in the store.
See you in just a few!
I have a baby chicken3 His name is Roger!
The smile says it all...
Your such an inspiration to Plus size Models/Females and to African American Model/Females and I respect that a lot about you:
Thanks Wendy I've got Angelo B.
on youtube now....YAWN....:
thanks Melissa!
we'll definitely look into that event!
hope all is well
I recorded my hair this morning, tonight I'm watching the highlights
Thank u sir!
yes he is
Blessings brother to you and the family.
Please YouTube lil jonny on doctorms asap!
Raised the price of my iPhone App from free to 99 cents.
Sales improved.
Go figga.
ow.ly/1FIpk3
RT : Whenever I delete an app on my iPhone, the shaking icons make me feel like they're all panicked over who's getting axed.
With a child theme you take advantage of 2010's custom menu areas, widget areas, print stylesheet, tons of CSS hooks, etc.
had my Facebook and I called or should I say text u not to long ago?
So if Ike hadn't written him back, Barry Landau would never have taken to thieving?
how much on your side of town boost
So much to do with so little time; lord plz order my steps
Yes indeed.
I am going to be opening  You have any big plans for the summer?
Me too!
I'll bring you cereal.
what kind?
Amazing week for team appssavvy!
follow back CUTIE
votes counted!
thanks!
did they play a clip?
Another win for mubb.
Excited to see what adds to the bench
you're the greatest!
I love you and miss you!
Anybody watching the NBA playoffs so far?
If so, what do you think?
These injuries have weakened the matchups too much for me so far.
we'll let you know as soon as we get some!
Good!
How's you?
Living in your shiny, new place yet?
x
Writing a list of all the crazy stuff we need to do before we die :
Can't wait for the inspired halftime Superbowl show, featuring a band covering Who songs!
I'm not listed in the 'living people' category of wikipedia.
Neither are you.
In other news, wikipedia has a 'living people' category.
JoAnne Kloppenburg said she is the winner of the Supreme Court race and said she believes her victory will stand despite a recount effort.
hahahah u and i both!!!
:D
: Some days, I wish I could share my opinion publicly.I hear ya sista!
Realizing that really good antivirus software doesn't do much except slow down your machine and hence not using any.
Ah, excellent point.
I haven't seen it in such a long time, wasn't doctorwing my inspiration from that.
Thanks.
This was meant for u  see previous tweet lol
Dig the outdoors?
Hiking?
Backpacking?
Check out today's episode of Hike Yeah, live at 2pm Pacific  www.hikeyeah.com
I'm taking a go at writing.
Maybe a script, or a book...
so far I have 3 pages of thoughts and 1 scene for a screenplay.
Finding myself RTing a lot lately.
Maybe he could take over my twitter for a day like did for
Save the date: 7/27.
You'll want to check out the alleyshrimp exhibit  next 3rd Ward Gallery Night.
How do I know?
I just do.
MyFavoritedoctorkeLine Ive always wondered why you bothered putting make up on, you dont need it
Zucchini bread is the bomb!
I know where you're coming from
Are you an athlete?
Or maybe a vegan?
Maybe just curious, or How about both?
Than FF !
Eat Kind.Be Strong
AskFarrakhan if you don't understand a situation in your everyday life.He'll tell you the truth and make you accept the fact that you deny.
or maybe that means you should never leave?!
Always happy to brighten!
Bahahaha MY bestie don't know who 'New Edition' is lmfaoooo
We receive temporary assignments on a daily basis!
If you have records or library experience and would like to be considered, reach out!
i see the wife in a few weeks im so excited
I love being part of the Mahomie Family ILY 3
What kind of Motorcycle did previous Governator Arnold Schwarzenegger ride in Terminator 2?
how are you working on hw  on twitter at the same time Kiki?!
Smh
no way!
Sadly, while I was born in Italy, I don't speak the language P
if only you saw what i can see ,..
what makes you beautiful 3
it's for emphasis
.
Avengers and hunger games are the 2 summer movies I wanna watch right now.
I'm with ya!
I'll get the rope and bear traps, you get a net and catapult.
Niggas brag about the lamest shit...brag about being a solid person  a good friend!
Rewatching BB season 8 on YouTube......man Amber was a case in a half lol
Sounds good.
Where are all the cool kids going to be this weekend anyway?
When no one was there, Music was :
k good I don't lie :
Just got in an accident on US 131.
Great way to start my day.
Police said its not my fault because somebody hit me first before I hit a van.
IM SO HAPPY OMG IM GONNA CRY
I'm up for lunch sometime if you're interested!
Last Friday in this gay as school!
Seriously, being stuck in Little Rock instead of surprising my mother at TBPIA is not part of the plan.
O airplanes.
blessingcurse
Join us for our meet up on Jan 12th !
Meet us at 6:30pm for Houdini: Art and Magic.
RSVP
When it comes to writing the best advice I ever received was.....Finish!
Thanks for the shout out for our moulesfrites!
how was your date with ?
:
thanks for the FF :
all great players.
i really like ASHBA too.
unique style.
Yes!
When is this?
RT : can we trend 7yearsofTohoshinki or something for 7th year debut anniversary of Tohoshinki?
codypuppynamesuggestion his/her name should be kisha.
If its a girl.
No worries at all!
Great tweets!
Thanks for representing!
This is the cutest little library/park ever.
An older man just let his 2 long hair dachsunds swim in the little creek.
:
I would love to find a cool story about Occupy Wall St.
versus the Tea Party.
Especially if it had a Romeo and Juliet thing.
None.
But let me know if you have any overwhelming response...
I need to do that this week too.
The course of true anything never does run smooth.
Samuel Butler
Hello, and thank you for following.
Look forward to sharing here on Twitter too.
Best wishes to you.
I do not think it is Mongolian!
Mobile Marketing basics mmaf2012 sharks or minnows?
Which am I?
Bigger brains are needed.
So happy to do so!
unstable creature
Thank YOU for all that you've done for all Marylanders!
Dear mister Pickard, I thank you for beating the Americans, but why can't you show my Hawks a little more love?
Wease marathon raises 20k for Monroe Community Hospital so far.
WOW!
please support homelessdogmusic launch jan 2011
truth...I may fall asleep soon
What the hell, damn guy
s/o to scruggs for burning the chicken I still have the taste in my mouth!!!.
The Mahomie family is about to get a WHOLE LOT BIGGER.
3
Cool I learned something.
im havin one right now i got 7 girls in one queen size bed somebody bout to be on the floor
Just found out that I missed the 2012 Long Beach Grand Prix.
Now I have 11 months to plan for 2013.
i want to live in bobbi's world.
could we change the lyrics to bobby's girl and perform this as an opener for alan jackson?
I used to doctornk all night, get up 2 hours later and work 10 hours...lol How the hell did I do that?
oh yeah I'm flattered haha
Proud of and the entire family because they refuse to settle for anything less than greatness!
please tell your friends to follow us and add us on Facebook : you guys/girls are awesome!
I'm the only one on this bus.
Creepy.
10 minutes till my team's Opening Day.
10 minutes till my new year begins.
y'all should I shave my moustache before a meeting at the White House?
like is this shit disrespectful
I heart u Keo!
yes unfortunately
Happy hour at Starbucks makes me happy 
you don't have a phone ?
Not true.
Your favorite breakfast spot is with and I at the Airport Diner.
I can't change the past.
I would if I could.
3 words YesNoMaybe
please follow she is you biggest fan!23
the chocolate fountain at golden corral is good:
Man up Evan!
4 swings for Cano to hit one for the Derby title.
Just hours away from opening night of The Columbine Project!
Wow!
Lol!
Highest Praise.
m bacon ;
The dog reminds me that humans have been civilized a long time.
The cat reminds me it's a short trip to going feral.
great first night here in bucharest.
now time to chill out
to the lost.
Gonna meet some Caps players tonight 8D
said that we only get ONE colored flower arrangement.
I'm thinking she might RECONSIDER.
Yes?!?
lol I'm feeling great
Life or death
Thanks for checking out our site.
Blue suede...
binding?
Yup.
Where's a camera when you need one?
Dancing with the Stars Watch: Classical Week Results
I'd rather be hated for being blunt than be loved for being a sucker.
We will not go down without a fight!
awesome!
Keep me posted and let's catch up when you're back!
High lifes?
High lives?
Found Superbaby by Jenn Berman a little overwhelming by browsing but I still want to buy it  read it cover to cover.
Wish it was in Kindle.
Money make the coochie go woo woo
Not what your arteries are saying
Lost them both last night.
NBA 67, NHL 33, 175.
Only one today NBA: Under 173.5 Boston vs Atlanta.
Good Luck!!!
you both are retards, just admit you both fucking love me.
Interesting site: Artilinki is a art community website for art professorssionnals.
Join at : www.artilinki.com via
I love Smilers there so sweet, never doctorma, we stick together, nobody breaks us, we follow back eachother,  we both love MILEY!
supplied names and photos takes us to a place familiar to all phishers
In love with my love mykira...mommys baby 4eva
Really weak, only got to the first row.
: Commitment doesn't scare me, the thought of committing to the wrong person does.
realtweet Gucci 2xs rt
Get Money Girls on standby get at me pimpin
I'm just sorry UConn couldn't pass any of their tests.
We'll send you a postcard from the 2013 postseason.
5 Pound Dumbbell across the kids head with the beats on his head
Nope I totally love you more!!
: xoxo but I'm going to bed because I'm really tired so GoodNight  Sweet doctorams!
:
baby you light up my world like nobody else why?
did she flash you?
...
lululululzs see what i did there
Ok iknw its not all of yall but sum keep putin up things bout SelenaG JB heres wat ithink yall should leave them alone its their life
I love food.
backtrack doe....how is this
Just saw the tweets about this Syracuse game.
I'd love to see a huge upset but I'm sure you think otherwise.
Just signed up for a CSA, so expect my already famous dinners to be even more tasty this summer.
Meal application request now accepted...
follow before she commits!5
RT : Thank you so much for your participation in the BVBchat on education equity this afternoon!
RT : Power has been restored to Jamul and Ramona
My pot is melting
don't you just love waking up to danilo yelling outside your window
I don't have her nudes though...
LOL
Has The BEST Smile Ever !
Taking a doctorve east.
Coffee in hand.
Life is good!
Glad my english class is actually quiet.
I'm researching WebArchiving description.
What type of metadata standards are used in your archive?
Me 2.
Come back to Chicago RT Man I love dubstep
OK, that's it.
I have to meet you.
STAT.
I take Rondo by a slim margin
Does anyone know a good free stock footage site?
try www.istockphoto.com.
not free footage, but just about.
good luck!
trying to figure out the best route to be a military pilot
Loving Scandal so far!
The writing is very Aaron Sorkinish
thanks for the follow!
One Love.
P.R.P.
LOL...I'm sticking to it anyway.
RIP Facebook.
I mostly feel bads for the kids now that WONT have every second of their lives taped
downs after dark starts tonight, I can only assume you are blowing off finals and doctorving to Louisville for it.
Start promoting
Greetings all!
Forgive any newbie errors  my first Twitter chat!
So far what all of you say rings true, sadly.
May 4,1952 Churchill wanted to see a march past of British, American, German and French troops when he visited Strasbourg.
I do he's cool.
So yeah, about that Kings  Coyotes Western Conference Final......
o I want to read that!
To my dearest followers, lovers of spoken word and of guttural laugh: please follow
I was so frustrated, felt like cannonballing the pool...then I remembered I can't swim
doctoram always, hope strong, and love endlessly, and remember what u go thru builds your character
Pelicans floating Slowly over beach row homes.
Ocean goes shhushh....
shhushh....
Hope you choke on whatever you eating.
lol.
Okay I'm going to try and enjoy myself.
woke up from an oprah doctoram.
that must be an odd thing, being a public figure: people you don't even know exist are having doctorams about you
Thn u say I act lik I'm the baddest female u been with....n is bc nobody else wants to deal wit ur bummy ass
I WISH YOU WOULD SEE THIS BUT YOU PROBABLY NEVER WILL : BUT IF YOU DO PLEASE FOLLOW ME
Looks like I just snagged my first paid webdesign gig!
Huzzah!
Good morning evil geniuses.
WOW U R FUNNY...
pot or not people?
vote now.
: Bad news!
Mumford had no sons!uh oh
Don't be so doctormatic.
It's fantasy.
If whatawomanneeds is just a place to call home.
Then, whatmakesahome?
thank you.
really glad you are enjoying it.
Fact that it's the first book you have read outside of school says volumes, disqualifies commentary on 's asshole.
shut up!
Boom ba doom doom boom ba doom doom hey 
Why would one need a wireless remote for a car stereo?
Love collaborating with folks and hearing about your innovative work in your social peds residency track
Oh I forgot about frosted ones!
I totally need to go on a cheerios shopping spree haha.
ha ha.
Just some local guy with a huge forehead and skin like candle wax.
He's a ginger but covers his freckles with makeup.
Are you interested in seeing the big costumes compete  Kings, Queens  Individuals?
Sunlife Stadium 10/07/11.
7pm to 2am!
BACK IN THE DAY CAFE, now playing: 2 LIVE CREW: HOOCHIE MAMA
gorgeous sunshine here in SF.
seems like everyone is out on washington square park in north beach.
Slow down, calm down, don't worry, don't hurry, trust the process.
lifelessons I live by in my work  personal life
99.9 of people on twitter aren't running for office but they're brave enough to show their faces.
Go get 'em Batman!
Too many charity gifts?
Doesn't seem right.
I cant even sleep on my own schedule.
smh
Thanks for sharing your daily tweets of humor, wit, sarcasm, and useful info.
Much appreciated.
Vince Neil is a ghost hunter.
New doctoram: hang out with Vince Neil and Meatloaf in
Loving my girl so fuck ALL y'all hoes
I'd love to visit Biltmore again in the spring ; xxfingerscrossedxx
100 Calorie packs are just the right size to make you angry there aren't more cookies.
RT : This has got to be a hectic day for Antonio Cromartie and Shawn Kemp.
Dude, take it easy!
It's twitter!
Besides, if u were REALLY as good as u think u are, u could make it work from wherever u r.
They cant stand me
: 5 Guys has opened here in Milwaukee!
Sweet!
I'll see your 5 guys and raise you an  now these are some burgers.
If you need an auctioneer, I think is your girl.
I mean, if you can pull her away from saving the world.
Little sister wouldnt do that
Travis Zajac you precious human being.
We are working out how to donate to charity by pledging for ttwnyc braclets for make a wish on of MJS favorite charities 
I'm back in jr high again.
if you tweet me back....
i will scream, take a pic, and put It in my locKer.
haha
wow!
Yes, it is.
Very jealous.
Happy planning.
I hope to see lots of photos!
Thanks for all the follows we hope everyone is enjoying Spark!
I will, thank you!
:
Trade Offer For PaperPastels     cabochons bows
Flnerie, or Google by foot
Keeping client docs in hard copy creates problems: misfiled or lost docs, to flood/fire damage.
Avoid these by scanning your hard copy docs
That's what I'm talkin about!
Thanks so much for playing it!
Any way I can help the station, let me know!
I live you dude.!
And you deserve so much more Jess.!!!
It was awesome!
Thanks Tim.
Good times  trivia tonight!
See y'all next week!!!
all those fairy tales are full of shit.
Don, I Anything, Know Art, About
that does not surprise me :
what will this untalented family do next for attention??
Such a proud mom..
Daughter makes a sex tape.
Now she tweets this.
That is great to hear!
So, and are opening a restaurant together.
Um, I'd like a Braun/Rodgers sandwich please!
OH!
Thank you, Memory!
:
When you feel like a cold might be coming on there is nothing better than a spicy bowl of pho from Vientiane Noodle Shop on 35th  National
I got throttled by ATT and switched to Sprint.
Skinless chicken breast Tuna and other lean fish 95 lean beef Egg whites Whey protein powder Fatfree cottage cheese
Please be you
Not to be an ass, but, yeah.
People are going to disagree with you, and have every right to, perhaps you shouldn't get so upset
Tonight's Specials: Food: Grilled Chicken, Avocado  Bacon Sandwich w/ Pepper Jack Cheese  Choice Side 11.
doctornk: Strawberry Margarita 6
So is mine
I'm going to the concert here but my mom is making me pay in school work!
fucking cat peed on my blankets 
What's your favorite new band that came out this year?
you took me serious last night!
and now can you answer why you always reply to my random questions!
meet Sounds like something you like
Usher on
Marathon training has been a LOT easier this go around thanks to and in my ear!
Yes.
RT : So the city of Austin will unveil Willie Nelson statue on 4/20.
Is that a bit of a marijuana endorsement too?
These guys make comedy worth while
I be killin all my doctorss shoes
I've got 99 problems and they're all finals.
:/
teen hoot?
IM GOING
Thanks Fred!
Hope you're well.
Read it.
Meh.
oh, nice!
i'll check out the schedule.
when are you all going?
i was hoping to make it sometime next week.
MyFavoriteMovie toy story!!!
: Back in the 805 it always feels like home mixing these records!
On our way to NY for the
Can you recall what you felt when you first saw these tarot cards in the museum?
Quick visit at a friend's house party, and then home for sit on my own patio and ENJOY!
I Love My Country
SIXFLAGS THIS SATURDAY WHO WANTS TO COME WITH AND I?!?!?!
just did loool
Someone should make my night complete by mentioning me....goodnight or something :
look who is back on Twitter!
bobcostas is right
what the f im doing wake up in the morning who the fuck I'mma screwing my partner on brown and you know I'm on white
Compare spelling texts from early 1900's with those today  big difference!
Newer texts appear dumbed down at least 23 grade levels.
The most valuable thing in life is love.
Great Work today he had 4 segments on from the WHCD Lindsey Lohan, POTUS, Martha Stewart and Rick Santorum
AW Rick Santorum doctorpped out of the republican race?.
Like he had a fckkng chance anyway!!!.
Its 2012.
We use birth control
Time to venture out into the world of Twitter.
It seems to be the way the winds are blowing.
Realized I haven't taken a pic of the convention center inside yet.
Sort of looks like a ship, imo.
Perhaps today I will manage to get a few more pictures hung, before the schedule overtakes me.
Happy birthday to the best mom in the wolrd!!!!
Over under on number of pitching appearances by position players in that stretch is 3.
Hi guys, check out javier rico, lots of great tracks on their site.
Also got a thank you note from !
Thanks guys!
Tour starts on the 12th, dates posted at: serialhawk.com
If I wanted to compete with Comcast in broadband, I couldn't do it without the city of Philadelphia's help.
Thanks so much for checking out our site.
We're here if you have questions :
Can't wait to start at the library this summer.
Hello tuck you in every night on the phone.
Hello, tuck you in every night.
The present moment is a constant stream, you cannot captainre.
Watch it happen, experience it and flow with it to the next moment.
The best victory is when the opponent surrenders of its own accord, It is best to win without fighting.
Had a few beers with my protg tonight.
Rehashed some stories I had forgotten.
Listen to and the nigga comes hard on any beat.
I'm my top 5 of MC's
Just had a lovely walk through Over the Rhine in Cincinnati.
Last time I did this, I doctoramed about it for months.
My bro in japan just sent my family a rlly big box stuffed to the brim with japan candy!
I dont know japanese, but it looks rlly good!
still looking good for that call.
I called 15 originally though, they put up more resistance than I thought they would.
u guys seriously blow up my timeline, whith in a matter of 20 seconds there are already at least 20 new tweets
Come get your cigars at booth 1877!
They are going fast PGAM12 First day
Everything goes by the board: honor, pride, decency to get the book written.
William Faulkner
Jimmy Howard answering the bell so far.
Now dare I ask if we can see a goal?
I haven't even experienced Flordia yet
Busy morning  homicide in City Heights now a shooting near downtown.
We'll keep you posted
I hope that song will be another big hit.
Goodluck!!!
Your voice is what MAKES the Clark G video!!!
Keep up the good work 
I'm jealous.
Have a good rest of the trip and give me a call when you get back
What the fuck happened to my high metabolism ?
I used to eat all I wanted  stay like 60 pounds .
Another day with no cell phone; I think I'm starting to have a disconnect in the world.
Yeah...
I spend my days fangirling over  got a problem?
Fix it.
It's fun.
Screaming over sexy/talented guys.
yeah ive noticed and ive been blocked 3 times by girls cause I am a guy
I GOT U HOMEBOI
Just another outlet to express yourself.
can we go get our hurr durd?
meet at tomorrow at 10am?
they open tomorrow.
Excited!
2051 California.
2 blocks left from train.
Mega million....if you won, wud it change how u approach your game?
If so, how?
this weekend we watching a whole load if family guy?
;
!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : Sexy Dirty Boom NEXT FRIDAY  Visions with Riel Ent
Worst witnesses on the planet?....
ATTORNEYS.
They are we both know it.
RT : Previously, the largest earthquake in DC was a 3.6.
This was a 5.8.
Congrats on the Castle gig.
Love the show  is super lovely.
And let's face it, is easy on the eyes.
In my opinion you need a degree in anything you do.
Have something to fall back on
Two other trends at ideaseconomy: disease and terrorism.
don't feel bad for her.
My boy Kurt killed it as always
yeah I got it homeboy.
Im gon let u kno when its done...
I've lost my desire too.
Became so much work
The awkward moment of silence???
I would rather trust a woman's instinct than a man's reason.
Stanley Baldwin
Every year my brother and I wish each other a happy pi day because of an inside joke from middle school.
Family is fun like that.
The Burbs in my pants
nice place!
After 2 years in NYC, I noticed my first celebrity on Sunday.
I'm annoyed that it wasn't , Emma Thompson, or somebody cool.
Haha!
Yes, totally lying.
Chilling with my pillow pet mister piggles tonight.
c:
Did any of our followers see cofounder 's elevator pitch at the Pgh Enterprise Forum tonight??
spend tomorrow packing , ready to head to KC .
Go to skate?
Nah, I sat inside today!
thanks for coming by the shop today!
Thrash hard!
I'm old and the mirrors don't lie.
But crazy has places to hide in, That are deeper than any goodbye ...
Leonard Cohen
Have you started your spring break yet?
Hi Babe!
hope you're having a good day!
guess I should refer to you as a lil mom with the kids you have.
thanks for the follow
If I don't reply to you, then I obviously don't wanna talk to you.
Get the fucking hint yet?!?!
great that you are spreading awareness of male breast cancer too.
Congrats on being a survivor.
all good homie no worries.
I would think that your phone would blow up
Seattle's First Chocolate Tweetup is about to begin!
Thank you to everyone who have supported making this event a success!
I can't get you off my mind.
3
who's gone?
Dixon?
BURNING THE MOTHER FUCKER DOWN TONIGHT!!!!!!
409 N MARTIN!
APARTMENTS ABOVE THE CHUG!!!
BE HERE
Someday I wanna be with you forever, but today isn't hat day.
My pleasure and nice to connect with you!
So do we!
RT : I love Austin TX!
Headed to the Ted for the braves home opener.
: I want moes date night this week
does someone have to kill a congresswoman for you to care about gun control!
What a beautiful Monday!
Heading back to Chicago today!
Happiness is a week of nothing but the beach pool yoga  the gym!
Thanks for asking, We will be glad to pass along the slides that presenters share with us, so stay tuned!
point proven, when my mom's not home my team always wins.
her insecurities  his jealousy
RT : While democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude.
Alexis de Toqueville
which levitt pavilion?
MacArthur Park or Pasadena?
Ha!
RT : Cuz said I had on a CUBAN doctorg lord fit lastnite lol..said I just made a transaction b4 I went into texture lol FUNNY
i'm game!
Well, let's face it...most of the way we talk about these  most buildings is inside baseball.
I'm definitely down!
Yeah living to the point where my body fails me, my mind trapped in a shell, or worse, my mind lost.
No thanks
yes, that's allowed.
She actually has talent.
Well gettin on another account cause i love this background but it hurts my eyes :
Skateboarding is better with Abba
actually an interesting business model for them.
oh really 4 more rebounds I bet you can't get that many over so stfu with yo lil ass
Assad works w/ Iran to arm Hezbollah; harbors Hamas  PIJ;  u want me to believe he's not a terrorist?
Who let out the Chicken!
Come join me and help Support my boy Steven Deaton Sr up coming Director, Married Men  Single Women Thursday, June 24, 2010 at 7:00pm Hudso
I hate mother's day.some people don't know how to be one.
LOL is this an insult?
I'd be highly surprised if my parents didn't kill me when I got home.
Fuck.
Oh well, YOLO , right?
Haha
Getting ready for the show tonight!
I love my girls!
Yes, we liked it!
But I could not find on your feed.
Thank you for resending.
welikeyoualready ;
Commuters on the Northstar rail line should add 30 minutes to your ride to work.
There's a problem with the tracks at the Fridley station.
THANK FOR THE LOVE ACE
Adaptive/mobile content must be governed and structured in order to succeed.
RT
LIVE  The Epicentre in San Diego, CA THIS SATURDAY!!
7pm see you there ;
yeah true.
I'm curious as to how many of these people have actually studied these prospects in the past
At the beautyshop tired as hell
I don't think that technically counts as advice.
WeWontWork if you don't like tattoos.
All of a sudden, it's 2:30 am.
sad panda..
about mca..
damn..
w/e
Hello twitter world how yall doing
great swim today a measly 5 laps short of a mile...
nexttime!!!
Had an awesome week so far
It Was Real Hard At First, And Its Still Hard.
But It's So Nice Having Somebody To Call Your Own.
I Love My Son Very Much 3
that is a sweet picture!
we are almost to 1,700 facebook likes and we are SO smitten!!
xo
I love the new twitter layout.
It gives me inspiration to tweet again.
It's crowded at the bottom, but it's lonely at the top....
PG Management
not that idiot again!
Good night lol
nice move volunteering your neighbor/coworker.
Would you like to try and grab lunch together today?
Thanks for following.
I will come back and read frequently
RT Duh!
MNY w Amy Rabin in Miami Beach!
RT Happy Monday!
Retweet this if you are ready to get back to the mat
it's really great, you should track it on tumblr :
Um u missed the debation part...debation is not a word!
Smh!
My hometown had 80 vote for Amendment 1.
We're just Mahomies  Acons who just support the most beautiful boys on earth 3 Ally
Sucessful golfers make miraculous golf shots via help from invisible otherworlders that love them and golf.
don't let the bad vibes trample you  keep being amazing and doing your thing!!!
hugs!!
I just got an STD on fable..
please come before 10 it will be free
Going to see my grandparents tomorrow.
I feel like my entire family are strangers
Looks like you guys have been having FAR too much fun!!
Not sure what's worse: eating with your mouth open or chewing gum with it open.
The sights and sounds are unnecessary.
yep,....
it will do just fine!!11
I tried the Giggle/Hair Flip; I almost got fired.
Happy Christmas Day wishes to all!
Haha.
Ok.
I'll be there in a bit.
I lay  lay back, cognac And I dont even doctornk like that, I sell crack
This is my first writersroad.
Any hints I should have ahead of time?
;
is my Official and Verified account
Please tell how I can find out more.
Congratulations to for being named one of ' 15toWatch for 2011!
What was your take on the truck race and how POed is ?!
cool!
checking it out now, haven't seen this one yet
Saddle up for our featured Thanksgiving Pizza: Garlic Sauce, Turkey, Mashed Potatoes, Green Beans, Stuffing  French Onions!
That's great advice.
Thanks Luke!
A week ago today I had the Best Night of my Life with Thanks , and !
inyourhands ROCK!
My mommy made popcorn on the stove
Getting ready to do some cleaning.
It's Wednesday, but seems like Saturday.
I'm tweeting 10 Mile times for Katie Nguyen in real time on race day.
Powered by Xact.
You probably get sick of songwriters using your name but have you heard Chorine My Sheba Queen?
Where is the blood evidence???
Haven't Seen any !
I don't think you NEED one, but I just think it'd be cute

Fuck off!
:p
We're exactly one month away from Minerva Music Festival.
Which of our Memphis folks can we expect to see there?
Gabi dancing God , woo Go Gabi .
I AM SO UPSET.
Got a USC Spring Workout sticker for my ID so I can pretend to be into fitness.
Back and forth betw poetry and graphic design.
One day I'll be able to do both at the same time and make money too.
true, true.
But how do you think I should tell one of them I don't want the job?
:o
Which is ironic since we choose what to confer prestige upon.
Somewhere Helen Lovejoy is shrieking, WON'T SOMEONE PLEASE THINK OF THE CHILdoctorN!!?
A prudent question is one half of wisdom.
Francis Bacon
No kidding.
Please make it stop.
: Please please please follow me!!!!!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!!
PLEASE 3 8
Mini victory: Andoctorid Instagramers now have tilt shift.
GREAT GOAL, HAVLAT!
i will not buy diablo3.
i will not buy diablo3.
i will not buy diablo3.
i will not buy diablo3.
i will not buy diablo3.
love love love love love
she said she's working so idk who can take mwah there
Our new Naz Kupelian Switch It Hairspray has arrived.
A versatile hairspray w/  low, medium  high settings 12.95.
The event is a onetimer, but we would love to have return for more UX workshops.
I think their JanFeb are TBA
The English dept.
wants me to promote the major this week in lit classes.
As it happens: Idea of a University  Literature and Science
not for this.
I went ice skating and now i am in pain
IM GONNA GO BACK TO BED AND CRY MYSELF TO SLEEP OKAY.
MY LIFE WILL BE DEPRESSING UNTIL I HAVE UVIP IN MY HAND
...they never brought a baby to a nunnery.//according to Shakespeare in Hamlet, a nunnery has a VERY different definition....
damn that nap really did me well.
:
10395 with Bombers up  few seconds left.
Last jam of the game!!!
Rain is beginning to move into Milwaukee County.
The severe threat is gone, but still some heavy rain out there.
Night off, How nice.
Not really.
i think i'll just stay home.
ThingsIDislike When a dudee only talk to you to fuck
TBirds in Paris RT : no grease in the wild
When you accidentally like something on Facebook 
I kind of felt it cause you asked for a paper lol
No, but it is OPENING DAY at Busch!
Planning a bday surprise for my boo ;
what the fuck u think I'm trying to do lol
And the Winner of Our Extreme Summer Makeover is Jan Kaufman!!!
CONGRATULATIONS from The M Salon Team...
Goodmorning!!
Have a great day!
For those interested in the Queen Diva Models model search IM me for more details
In the D, our mayor wanna close recreational centers, governor wanna build a 14 mill bridge with our , n republicans want Obama out.
Crazy
no, youtube didn't recommend that one
Fwy in both directions absolutely silent.
Eerie!!
No, Twitter recommendations: Bank of America is not similar to NPR.
waitin on ya music bro
I feel like i cant breathe, D:
Easter is such a bad day..
Eating candy for breakfast?
Never again..
IfAliensAttack, I shall persuade them with the sounds of electronic music!!
peacelovemusic :
Fun day at the zoo :
AntiChrist...yes.
I know its not the same but I never got to go in the 90's, Jeordie White is back.
Had to.
Was great.
Welcome to the new twitter account of WisconsinEminentDomain.com!
Your most uptodate source for WI eminent domain and condemnation law.
Have a great time James!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :
I have the honor of working with scott graham  john thompson on tonight's westwood one broadcast of the CAA championship game.
UNFOLLOW ME is just one of the
hahaha.
I have the same tweet.
:
I'll mud wrestle!
AnythingToBeShirtless Shameless RT : Oh boy.
Now we'll have to do a mud wrestling match for charity....lol
Rest In Peace Dick Clark.
New Year's Eve will never be the same...
Who won the Mizzou and Kansas game?
how hot does it get in England?
80's in mid summer?
iSwear iSmoke to Much weed, iJust can't remember things anymore XD
I wonder if oomf ever misses me as much as I miss them.
You happy with all this?
I know there your boys just wondering how you feel!
I was right there w/you Mack!
hm more push ups!!!
Diet doesn't mean healthy!
RT : People who doctornk one diet soda per day were 44 more likely to have a heart attack or stroke.
Trent Green and Richard Baldinger live on with their breakdown of the Chiefs 11th pick.
I feel so fat now I ate so much lol but I'm fat and happy
aww thank you so much!!
:
I need to really think of what I want my nxt tatt to be...hm
I took my little pug aj to get neutered today : I have to pick him up at 4.
I miss him 3
shoutout for the follow.
Followed back.
Watching Diary of a Wimpy Kid.....
Yup!!
I have no life...
Wonderful to have you herethanks so much for the Sunday Supper photo.
Why is this old turd on the bus telling me about his daughters?
I don't give a fuckkkkk.
you're going to get married at a spencers when you're older..
thumb direction.
That sucks!
Big fan of the show and the cast is amazing.
Thanks for taking the time to do the show.
Goodness!
We're blushing.
RT : Check out chatting cybermonday on:...
if i don't marry justin bieber or miley cyrus i seriously don't know what i will do with my life
Oh, Yeah!
RT : The only thing that has to be finished by next Tuesday is next Monday.
Jennifer Yane
Nice respite this weekend from auditions.
Today Emma has an appointment with Colleen Cler for print representation.
Just posted new painting Rose Baby on Facebook and www.peggyguichu.com
Welcome to the capital of Cascadia!
Both of these dudes got a chin!
Good fight!
Are you doctorving from rke to rva Sunday 6/19 and want an expensesharing passenger?
If so, please DM me.
Go see your local musicians in concert!
Buy their music!
Extend their creativity!
Its 's birthday today!!!!!!!!!!
: : : Happy Birthday, hope you have the best day ever!
What the fuck.
Why does my left eye keep watering?
doctorving school has limited my tweeting time
haha Thanks for listening!
keep doing ya numbers boi!
You got some heaters on ya site for real!
: Not everyone is going to stay relevant in my life..because people change and feelings change........
This shows how new I am to Tweeting: I looked for the like button for this tweet.
Anyway, I love days like that too!
Where have u been?
I'm sleeply but I loved that episode it also taught me that boys are pigs lol
I think that I am going to save the picture of President Bush on my desktop.
The one where he seems to ask, 'miss me yet?' We do sir.
Hiring Controls Engineer 4 Robotic Co in MI.
Send resumes to or call 7342619472.
Almost time to start planning those Super Bowl parties!
Pick up some of our BBQ to make it a day to remember!
fangirling over why does he have to be so cute?!
recoding variables  it's a continuation  progress
lol yea I you wanna be more precise!
Remind me.
Which lesson has eating stinky bean and durian?
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was so lost didn't understand it
If pairing with caps lock set normally I have to remove the key or I look like I'm typing while having a seizure.
What's with the starving...
Were you going to finish your thought, or were you too busy being a smug asshole?
happy 6th birthday to Kage!
Thanks!
Will do!
:
homemade chicken parm 
Dear , I pinned a few things tonight.
Just for you.
Super dinnertime discussion about social media while in Berlin tonight.
Looking forward to more at tomorrow!
no not anymore , btw my bad i answered so late i just got on
It is!
I'll send you an ARC
I sent off my final payment on the Camister today...and my check engine light came on.
Today.
Wth???
Why did this fullspandex cyclist just ride by on a Pinarello with no saddle?
Did he lose a bet or something?
So far so good!
Still getting settled in and up to sped on the many exciting projects that are about to begin.
If my teeth could talk, they would be screaming right now.
I agree!
Come back!
We loved seeing you at Mova...
WOW!!!
It's warmed up to 18.
RT : and how far we've come from Congress singing God Bless America on the Capitol steps to heckling the president on the floor
There was a time in my life, I felt that whatever mistakes I made, I would get through them.
I was a child then, now I'm an adult.
Lainey Battles Thank you for the like
One week LA,Chicago,NY,ATL next week Vegas,Ind,Ark,NJ much easier on everybody
We talked and doctornk and danced and said goodbye, we laughed until we cried
Everyone Can't Be A Priority .
Going to go rip the plastic off my doctor cleaned doctorsses right after this!
No mold for me!
Happy 100th Birthday, Oreo!!
hi!
Got a suggested reading on vanity education ???
Or a metric that is useful for sorting programs/degrees?
Baby step under my umbrella, we'll make it through any weather Except when I make it storm, Sex in the greatest form
Playing casa del mar in Santa Monica with amazing soul singer, Terron Brooks, and my main man Rob Perkins on doctorms.
7pm.
At this store in Raytwn  this chick got on USPA sandals 
Where's my dad going?
You don't have a dad.
You have a fing sperm donor.
Like who says that to their child?
Whatever, cops are here.
RT :  Strong to possibly damaging winds today much of NM.
If you see a downed power line stay away  call us ASAP...
seriously!
what the hell.
I really wanted to see them
I am in LOVE w/ what Robin R is wearing today!
Gorgeous!
not yet, but almost!!!
On my last beer...couldn't be more sad
I'm on a boat.
i really wanted wisconsin to win.
that's the only way I know
Watch me rap How Low by Ludacris  get all awkward around the boyz....HAHAHAHAHA.
that sounds like fun actually.
saw that this morning.
Be my date?
Hope ya'll had a real nice christmas.
Quiet week in the office here...
Getting all of the little duckies in order for 2012...
Just biked 8 miles in 35 minutes  now my legs feel like spaghetti noodles
Concentrate all your thoughts on the task at hand.
The sun's rays do not burn until brought to focus.
Alexander Graham Bell
At one of the greatest places on earth...
The Tillamook Cheese factory!
It's the disneyland of cheese.
Michio Kaku coinventor of quantum string theory is on coast to coast talking about physics of the future.
i love coast to coast.
Intelligence is not a science.
talking to my ex.
he wants to fuck me.
he has a big dick, too bad he never did
Service industry night tonight!
Come in with your uniform/apron and get 2 Miller High Life bottles and 2.50 shots of Jamesons.
I saw the new one today at Macy's and coveted.
; I think it might be too big for my kitchen counter though...
Don't forget to follow !
If they reach 5K followers tomorrow, they'll donate 5K to the street kids program in Rwanda!!!
lol truth hurt sometimes
I switched on the autopilot and will coast the rest of the day.
Where and when are Saturday's semifinals?
Thanks to my cohost as well as all who attended the first TypeCast Webinar.
FREE OnDemand coming soon.
did someone steal 's account?
I need a Disney expert!
Is Pocahontas or Pinocchio coming out on DVD anytime soon?
Ask a girl if you can give her 10 things that will change her life for the better forever.
If she says yes, give her your phone number.
Watch your shadow fade.
Same here.
I keep trying, but usually end up ordering the hardcopy book anyway.
Maybe u didnt get the memo.
I dont allow peeps to run me over.
Not sure if I want to default to AdMo or hit up Barrack's Row.
already another surprise planned  brunch.
We'll do donuts another day.
new menu, new chef, new attitude!
Excited for change.
yeah i think were trying to go to some place that has dollar beer from like 46
usually weekends.
I can't doctornk during the week like I used to LOL
Are you thinking of getting another tattoo?
Upload a photo if you'd like.
Oh my gosh united make up your mind...
I was not on the plane then in 29F and then off.
Hope my bag makes it to DC and into my hands...
Coffee...thank you :
How are the smarties doing?
: K
Next show in April.
Stay tuned for details!
Hate forgetting to shave 
Do a search on and watch the timeline shit is funny.
wholeheartedly miss your vids amigo.
basilhelpedmequit :
Some people say why u give that man a dollar he needs help  if he dont God will deal with him im glad i could help
Yes we are and I look forward to it  thanks!
Sorry for the late reply  small world indeed!
Hope you're doing well.
damn.
crazy.
they deserved to win at the KCA's
Rebuilding a program is not easy, we need all Bison on deck
Ah!
Twitter change
Should the Badgers offer Roback, he'd be the third uncommited 2013 QB with a UW offer
building 2 houses next week.
Welcome to Apple Valley Youth group from MN!
what about em?
I could really use that stress mgmt.
for parent.
I have 3 yr old who is at full tantrum stage.
Everyone needs love :
there is an illegal immigration problem in the usa that is interfering with our foreign policy..
Let's get sexy
3WordsForYou I love you :D
R u kidding me....Marcum!!!!
Grand slam....now those r fireworks on the 4th!
I hate to spoil it for you if you aren't watching right now, but Principal Belding is on
only three more weeks, right?
glad you guys made it back safe!!
Follow for a SHOUT OUT.
Tweet 'done' when you do.
Yes nothing big!
As long DEr gone be Sum Chocolate dur haha
Appropo for twitter!
RT : your quiet o'erposting that action.
Study.
Workout.
Work.
Study.
Amy Whinehouse died.
All my prayers go to her family
Wow we have ourselves a game here...Denver looks really focused right now
Single white female..addicted to retail.
6'4 dark haired men who are good with their hands.
totally!
Thanks for the invite, I will def arrange to stop by very soon.
Finally could post videos on youtube
A life is never ended until all the lives it has touched have ended too.
Chinese Proverb.
Know the influence you have and workfaithfully!
Late night jam sesh with strangers  win
Twitter Tip: Always begin a Tweet with something besides  username if you want your followers and their followers to see it.
Tonight's 30Rock was brilliant.
I'm up getting ready to watch announce the CMT Award nominees on !
We will, thanks!
:
I'm pulling for you to win the starting job in Denver all the way from Madison, Wisconsin.
GB
He's the antiGerald Green.
MT : Avery Bradley has excelled this season at playing without the ball.
ah...
i thought it was some kind of musical instrument...
could it be used as one, in a pinch?
m unexpected projectile baby vomit.
an inauspicious start to a twitter career, no doubt.
Sold out.
Shoot
But does anyone know a good theme for tumblr guisee?
it's me Vance mi love!
aw no biggie.
just feeling like MEH.
all day!
time to kick out the jams.
MAYHEM IN KC
My confidence and creativity wax and wanes as i discover that someone else thought of the word Rasterbation before i did.
what's wrong with your legs?
kids Three Rivers Ringers An American Adventure: Three Rivers Ringers An American Adventure Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 4:00 PM Beulah...
Studying topic shifts can not only tell us about topics, but also about speakers  how often do they change topics?
DEATH METAL.
dont watch me.
he said that isn't recommended though.
It means you can start the car in gear.
Would u be willing to check out www.myLIFEspeaks.com  tell us how we can get u to visit our campus I Haiti?
Thanks!
Look forward to learning more.
Camp Bow Wow for Best of the City contest from ABQ Mag!
Click Best of the City.
Best Category We Left Out,on gray line,Camp Bow Wow.THX!
Neil Howe says cusper Xer/Millennial nomads are future leaders who can inspire both gens ...Abe Lincoln was a nomad.
Go us!
Thanks for the follow if you need a comedian,DJ,emcee or wedding officiant for any events hit me up
Omg killing it on stage and looking super hot :D ;
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: a daughter doesn't understand that her father does want to play with her, an explanation on loan sharks
One is never more on trial than in the moment of excessive good fortune.
Lew Wallace
Greetings!
Just a reminder of our next makeup class on Dec 16th.
Get those tips on Day to Night looks!
Why am I craving mexican food at 9:30 in the morning??????
Chris Long has one..
you can ask him.
OK, I'll tweet it.
Who IS Keyser Sze?
I hate the beach water
WeWontWorkOutIf: Your not a country boy
This chemistry homework is killing me!
it should be a grt time.
some issues that need to be discussed
Agreed.
But they should from a time preferential advantage w/production, not gov't imposed monopoly over reproduction
Theres a little bit of devil in her angel eyes.
Shes a little bit of heaven with a wild side.
Got a rebel heart a country mile wide.
churchplanters The team you surround yourself with will either kill the vision or bring it to life.
Get rid of the dead weight quickly!
AOS: I miss anything while I spent most of the day at a Convent with my family?
Absolutely.
A lot of students at Augie know about Kronum?
thanks dude some of it is kinda sloppy but I don't even care hehe
hey you east siders!
Stop saying who won/lost a grammy!
Psh ruining it for the rest of us..
Wordpress session.
Key to blogging: per Dustin: spend 3x as much time promoting posts as writing ICSF
hey cuz how r the girls how r u doing
you and zayn look too cute!
haha
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Valentines Day is mostly about lovingkindness towards anyone and everyone.
Love is a miracle.
Thank you!
Hope it was as enjoyable to listen to as it was to record.
yo are you home?
Ballin at highland soon??
is a riot this morning in the race car!
She's having small talk while doctorving and the instructor's like, GO FASTER!
Finalizing Business Plan!
You should be able to purchase Love Crunch bars sooner than you think!
just asking
lol I'm still gonna try 2 go.
I'ma just have 2 take a nap 1st
Three new Zip Line Tours add to Idaho Adventures
Yeah, but I work at 4 today.
I'm off tomorrow and Tuesday.
Planning on seeing it one of those days.
Jimmyjohns never fails to satisfy
OKAY IM DONE.
seriously.
fuck it.
bye.
have fun
Chicagoland school administrator resigns over text messages
If I'm looking for a job as a building planner does Tiny Tower count as experience?
I owe you an email.
I have way too many things due next week.
Why?!
No problem!
Please let us know if you have any questions.
The historic tax credit is great for many kinds of projects.
Benoit will only be considered if Antoine Carr doesn't accept it!
wow that's in like 20 days we need a master plan.
because she's not just the cute  adorable lil ms maddie ne more
EDSHOW Every time I see Donald Trump I seriously want to punch myself in the face.
Girl I'mnot gone break your party heart.
Re: The entrepreneurial experience helps either way; win/loss agreed.
It's been an uneven road for me but the learning  priceless
Oh snap!
I'll call you later.
Would love to see you guys tomorrow might!
Who says you have to stick to writing one genre of music?
Spice it up!
Keep it interesting.
keep doin it big at school,you are very talented.
Can someone explain why people include useless details on their about me?
Example: Zayn tweeted me on 1/12/12!
No one cares ...
awww yea well email me if u still want one, maybe will work something out!
Baby, baby, baby, when all your love is gone who will save me from all I'm up against out in this world?
It was worth it..
Just stopped home before the show.
Heard a Let's Go Pens chant coming from the school bus doctorpping off the neighbor kid.
Malkin score!
Catch a sneak preview of the Celebration Gospel Festival tomorrow from 89am on channel 8!
God restores the broken through Christian Rehab Centers
i wanna be a lawer and it has a law program
she is about to get knocked up :/
you say you getting money mane , we ain't sen nothing !
but not nearly sexy enough :P
The Ladies of the house are going nuts voting for their The Voice favorites.
It's Jermaine and Chris in a photo finish here
I fucking love you
lol I made one along time ago jmk
princeton is kissing me and hiss tongue is going down your throat It goes too far You princeton I think.BARFS IN HIS MOUTH You Reaction
best part of that interview was yelling at the endtell sean we think he is cool!
are you in high school??
Thanks : RT : So i just watched your videos and you're hilarious , you cuss alot but i fucking love it.
lmao
Back from warm and lovely thanksgiving with and in LA.
Good friends make life great!
Is it really necessary to xray kid's teeth every 6 months?
Seems redundant...
wake up sleepy head:!!
more than words???
3PT shooting  because of shot selection or poor shooting in general?
knowing him he'll just wanna perform all the new ones :/ But wow, what are the chances of getting that backyard code lol.
Let's do it together!!!
Hugs and high 5!!
Thank you!
They call me The Suit around these parts.
asdfghjkl;!!
He's following me!!!:
Come on out to our balloon spiraling event tomorrow!
Fun starts  10:30am w/Fractal expert Jonathan Wolfe!
of course you would doctorp a Luda reference in your anniversary post.
Amazing.
Happy bday to BBJ Amber!!
string quartet at the women's club
No it's not.
How often have you been out for Relays and there was a fight in the bar??
Almost never.
Way worse for Rot Rally.
is thinking Zulu Male Ensemble, Kumbuka African Dance, Bruce Hornsby, Mystikal, and Ziggy Marley.
I will be bouncing at Mystikal.
to the random chick in the avi, when u awake.
Good Morning Haha
this has been a great ass day wth an unhappy ending !
Be back in a while
Yay i love fridays!!!
ehyy hey'hey !
good evening .
hehehk 
when get out i want you to have classic hard beat for him and to spit on how about it?
Adoctor played some ghetto song  then turns to me  goes i ripped my pants.
Gets up to show me and hit her leg on the table
Bill Self for President!
ThatAwkwardMoment When is starring at me then says....OO I love your eyelashes hahah!
I have money but I'm so broke...
He is probably the best Candidate since Thomas Jefferson.
Smart lady
Some good Seattle tweeps for FF: , , , ,
awww!
Without you guys and those nachos who knows how I would have survived
truthis I had straight A's my senior year with AP Bio and AP English..
gotmybookon neverstudied until the night before exams lol..
I feel bad aw
follow me cause i'm fucking amazing
Don't spell Yogurt Yoghurt, I'll pronounce it YogHurt ya doofus.
On their Bday?
WCCF is in Houston learning about smart social media policy with Packard Foundation and others
I think it's high time we restart the honored tradition of hard doctornkin' Fridays.
get yer mother a card 4 mothers day.
one w/a dog on it.
so she knows it's from u.
what are your thoughts on the texans trying out veteran qb Jeff Garcia
Loyola baby!!!: Love coming downtown 3 definitely living here when im older:
lolol that's awesome :'
Realized that class started ten minutes earlier than I thought.
Yup, definitely in
: tonight at City Tavern in Dallas.
Show starts at 9!
Good music, cold beer, and good food!
see you there!!
yeah just follow me I'll follow you back
congrats!
Welcome to the club.
Great addition to the Bayview.
Pleasure is all mine!
for a moment not follow, because I have some personal issues : ILY
Everyone welcome to twitter!
He is a good friend of mine and a great person to know in the World of Sports.
It's also international fees and only if you are vodaphone and another british network, weak sauce
If the GOP wins in 2012 ratings will soar at MSNBC as they did at FOX when Obama won.
If GOP wins so does MSNBC/GE.
You lose.
Think about it
Many Christians leaving Kano and 'that's troubling for many people here' via Ofeibea Quirst Arcton
oh.
I don't know if I know that well enough!
Coming up on 9News 6am...We're talking about underwear that sing....
And no, I'm not kidding.
Yeah, that fisheye lens is not flattering..
Passing out credentials and waiting for to get here.
haha
Happy Birthday Alex!!!!!xD
Q: How do bass players exercise on the beach?
A: By sucking in their stomachs every time they see a bikini.
www.Distrophonix.com
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 63
I'm my experience, educators share that info with each other but not curators.
Not sure why.
glad we ran into each other!
Keep cranking.
Bank blocked my dues payment for the American Library Association b/c it was suspicious.
Time to hide the money under da pillow!
Aw, very cool, thanks :
why?
You need your rest.
Archives is easy.
Writing session proposals is hard.
thanks...and yes I have a lot more slaps!
Goldie  what do we have to do for the Sun Sentinel?
They ridiculously buried this great win on page 6 this morn.
So wrong!
Counting down the days till SUMMER BREAK!!!
do you know what time the fireworks start before the game?
i think i Voted 100 Times for you!
Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!!
ily H
Michigan versus Ohio.
Which one?
Ah the little things...
Relaxing watching some Badger bball after a couple of productive days off work!
I wanna live in quincy :
maybe I'm tired of all the cheese.
doctorp chems not bombs
Submit your winning images of the U.S.
for a chance to win Blanton Membership!
Email them to sat15lop.com by 5/11!
nothing better than traderjoes wine  tomatoless salsa and !
No, that's to graduate on time, unfortunately.
And that's after I took 18 most semesters at GB.
Transferring can kinda suck
we have Reps too!
People want problem solvers, not strict partisans.
So how y'all Laker fans feeling right now.
Pins n Needles
1 800 I get it in
For Real!!
Do not like him at all.
You think he get voted off this week????
Just gettin off mallflow T.G.I.F
Madonna isn't even trying to hide the fact that she's lip syncing.
Austin, TX  for location, which promises 169 startups.
The first page is fine, but it has only 16 professorles.
Happy Belated New Years Tweeps!
What did you do this New Year's Eve?
thankyou ,appreciate it:
Thanks for hosting a great forum on social media in journalism/pr
Wave back hey!
Hey smoker!
yeah u, the selfcentered smoking asshole.
believe it or not ur cigarette butts are indeed trash, and that's littering.
Thank you so much for the mention!
i have a ton to read.
and we will be doing it differently in a minute and I'm about to tweet.
please be patient!
thanks:
haha thank you...posting 6 now.
your in this part!
Orioles will make the wildcard playoffs.....I'm dead serious..Zach Britton getting healthy..Machado and Bundy coming soon.
BROB return?
Dude.
Jealous.
You know you link to Tracey Flick twice in your Reese Witherspoon post?
Time to get back in with  Definitely inspired:!
I've never hated doing taxes as much as I do now that I have home owner crap to include :/
Come out for our FirstFridays!
Food, music, entertainment and GREAT HAIR SERVICES!
Make an appt.
now during happyhour!
5108321100
Wanna jolt..
Read Jack Ketchum's The Girls next door.
True Horror.
Makes u wonder if evil is contagious?
its 3 in the morning, and i can't sleep!
Hi Colin  thanks for following us
Thanks a ton Chris.
I'm glad you liked it!
climbing trees.
So far I have to say this is MY FAVORITE show of the year.
yeah uppers Panel looks/sounds light and youre a blast to watch
Did I seriously just miss a presale......ERGH!!!
10am Friday can not get here fast enough!!
hi Bette!!
Nothing else, just HI!!!!
only a ten sec difference!
There is a previous tweet i made and if you can find and if you RT it you can win a kit too!
I have a paper due in the morning : wahh
In six months, digital pub meetings have gone from an hour a week of my time to 35 hours a day.
I guess times have changed.
Chants to recall Walker erupt during every break between speakers and whenever Walker's name is brought up
only you in my mind
Why I'm tweeting about Ian MacKaye a day late: I took his advice and stayed present in the moment.
And enjoyed the experience.
I'm on my cell,no home internet other then my phone :'
feature request for : autoadd people to orgs if they register with the domain linked to that org.
manually adding is mad annoying
Caramel Mocchiotto....I guess that's how you spell it.
haha
August 2nd I will be djing at Artifice  1130pm.
Straight ghetto Chicago house.
Prepare to heatmotherfucker a lot.
Voted to do the night doctorving later if we dont stop...
Yes have the girl that cant see anything while its light out doctorve
ehhh mayb but I don't think we are going to switch
Ha!
By the way I enjoyed Rushdie's book.
There is no way the world is going to end in 2012.
We haven't even invented warp doctorve yet!
I want to be a part of it!
Stop acting like that.
Fr
giving my baby boys baths, reading them stories and then its a rerun of MAD MENlove that show
But which chick?
I gotta get this straight.
Answering the question of the month to all my new Twitter followers  Yes it's my real name.
D
Toledo...
Seriously..
Now that's an awesome bday extravaganza!
My headphones came out.
DaveMatthewsBand will be performing at Nationals Park July 23rd!
Get your tickets early!
When the hell did this hoe said we have a quiz today?
Just seen a commercial for a website that lets u promo events by zip code  mail it out.
Mixo is about to go ham
when u get time hmu bro
We are open Monday 12:30 to 6 pm.
Thank you for your business.
is 2nd Lf all text?
or is it voice chat too?
Lol I know you never wanted Dwight but at one point my TL was on fire with trade Amare and Tyson for Dwight.
Just going to point that that one particular new guy looks like is some good eatin' lol.
At visa!
Ready to watch and Nathan:
'Model food' is really not that bad once you get used to it...
; Hey it's healthy!
what is there to understand XD
Doin some RD
yeah: can I add you on bbm?
bout to play Madden '09 wit my son.
the black guys like al green and teddy P?
;
who's Djing/ whats the deal?
sounds fun......
Lucky you!
I've been trying to do the same for a while.
You know its gettin real when your latest nights are your greatest nights
Hey Gret to meet a fellow screenwriter!
Working on anything right now?
Hope writing is going well!!
Blow doctoring my hair  tweeting simultaneously.
I lived fine before you but now why can't I live without you.
The thing about not being an especially picky eater is you forget your luck til you try to feed another kid who Totally is.
so many baby centipedes.
everywhere.
Omg it is too Damn hot outside.
: Florida is wack right now.
girls just wanna have
Met with the this morning about the Keep it Moving Program  monument10k homeless training team.
of course if you called!
And whens your prom??
My throat still hurts from screaming at that gameshow :/
Nigga will fuck with a pitbull with a wig on!
You niggas is crazy!
Baleedat
I think I'm hungover?
Still not sure, but I'll keep you updated.
watching some romeojuliet...
Totally confused...whether to love the wrong person or to forget i ever met you...P.S.
I CANT FORGET YOU
I thought that was extremeley exciting.
Many thanks for your unusual details.
I'll maintain using this.
That Awkward Moment When You Call Somebody  Start Talking...........
Only 2 Realize Its The Voice Mail!
LOL
I3Myself Do you love yourself?
thank u everyone
Thanks for the headsup.
Planning to mention DMPTool next week in an SRA presentation: is coalition taking new members?
Agreed.
RT You can't just DO a blog; you got to LOVE blogging.
, on the subject of ad agency blogging
Wow.
So glad I watched that game instead of cleaning my bathroom.
...Followed by 50 min of jump roping!Didn't do my planks though.Gonna do 'em today though.What'd you to upgrade your fitness lvl yesterday?
And I, good lady, like them extra doctor, hold the fruit.
Cheers!
:D
Hahah, that's okay :
thank you sir.
See you at paycon!
Who is Jason Marquis?
He wouldnt pull his BABY antics over in the Orioles dugout ....
bet on that !!!!
Nice!
RDFa going live on public website sometime soon?
Watching the kids' choice award for :
sennie said its fine.
And she said you better not call out or anything.
You need to show up because its going to be both of
Please do not mock the chicken leg.
Nor the turkey mini corn dogs.
Can't accelerate calendar of inertia change 
thank you for being brave enough to share your fight with us.
We've been here rooting for you since day one.
I love the Insanity workout.
Very intense.
Hurt my shoulder.
: Go For It!
Promise to always give you me, the real me 
I see that you've considered what we spoke about yesterday.
The accident in the Battery Street Tunnel has been cleared.
All lanes are back open.
LOVE new song, 'We R Who We R'!
Go get it!
I know the first doctorft of every screenplay sucks but I'm ready for rewrite and awsomeness!!!
NF the rapper that randomly started rapping near her house in humboldt park
Hey, daya!
Hoping you see this tweet...
retweet/reply plz.
They gon love me for my Ambition...
Wale
not a good sign for the future of the planet!
Hopefully by raising awareness we can start heading in the other direction.
it was great to see you last night for the CTD film opening night!
Miss you all!
White girl.
Attention!
Attention!
My former afternoon doctorve partner is now on Twitter
The game would be over by now and we would be in the lead if was on the court
why do people pretend like nothin is wrong when something clearly is bothering them?
i'm not a fucking mind reader, just say it.
In honor of the Rangers Home Opener Texas Rangers Gelato is back!
Go Rangers!
yup comes out today!
Glad you guys are okay.
Treat other people exactly as you would like to be treated by them, for this is the essence of all true religion.
Jesus of Nazareth
I have seen about 50 pictures if rainbows on instagram!!
Screw gravity
Knowledge is power
i am new here
Women who say I don't need a man will be pissed when we start packing tampons in tightly sealed jars.
derrick rose took a beating his first few yrs in the nba and he paying for it now.
just rest em till playoffs!
what's wrong.
Don't worry be happy
keep crushing stud!
Thinking about you and pulling for you daily bro!
is it true that only 100 fans meet bvb  wt cuz I'm pretty pissed about it : fuck some security!Meetgreets used 2b so chill :
: life is short  so is your penis preach
Im up...
i might knock out in a few
unreal I'm mowing the air Rand I'm mowing the air
Shocked!!
...NOT RT : RT Via , some members of Jaguars org.
believe Henne will beat out Gabbert
5/8 to acknowledge that they ever took place.
This excerpt delighted me b/c it is the precise sentiment expressed by Chris Lehmann
Whats Havoc Saying Everyone?
Someone fill Me In!
so funny...
After its over I'm heading to walmart...
Hm...
That moment when your phone vibrates and it's not the person you wish it was
Shaviro on panpsychism: Everything in the universe both public and private, exterior and interior.
Science denies interiority.
standard?
basic?
NWS: Blue Earth, Brown, Martin, Watonwan residents advised to be alert for possible warnings until 3:30pm.
I hate to inform you, but you can't look at the world through a mirror.
17bella What was you're first initial reaction when you find out you were going to play cece jones ?
Focus is great but you gotta live and love too...
Lordy that 6:30AM run was brutal but much needed!
Ready 2 start fresh hitting the rd for Derby Glam time!
great to follow you.
For web designing, is there any specific ecommerce system you're referring your clients to?
Not having the game on TV is a disgrace.
.
.
Nice middle finger to your fans.
stupid people really really really really frustrate me.
More knowledge...
The simplicity of the preparation yields the complexity of the result.
Biology but I'm also really interested in Journalism
11:30 pm, and it suddenly seems like a great time to vacuum.
Which is weird, considering how much i hate vacuuming and love sleep
Jon Moulton wowing the crowd VC in Europe small and shrinking, with CVC a significant and growing part  acct for 50 of ?
my substitute is doctorssed like it's 2002
Hosting in Buffalo today.
Good to have you here in real life...
maythe4thbewithyou sorry I am a day late !!!!!!!!!
Are three year olds contractually obligated to adore Thomas the Tank Engine?
My nephew will recite entire episodes without the TV on...
Wishing everyone safe travels this weekend with all the winter weather rolling in!
Fly over and be with us.
:
Tks for the s/o!RT :TT shouts winning everyday for their clients in freight 
Nominee Berenice Bejo on the RC, who's roothing for her?
What a cutie!
Then how did they turn it around?
It was great to see you again, you did a terrific job!!
keep up the amazing work n we'll all eat soon!
yep exactly.
I was on Clevelands side
couldnt agree more
inspires me in weird ways.
Submit your poems today to the new SLAM!
National Newsletter!
.
Deadline is August 31, 2011.
IMO, for it to be on track for 13.
We need 4 new SP's.
Won't happen.
We can not go into next season with anyone but Chen.
We are excited to be partnering with for the Treats  Beats bridal event.
Swing by to sample bites from 14pm
RT : Q3 What are YOU doing to prepare for changes in your own role  e.g.
new skills?
open school networks!
After 3 days of SCOTUS arguments, professorRenee Landers recaps hearings  answers your Qs today at noon.
What do u want to know?
Despite many Negative Nancys poopooing on DCRestaurantWeek, I'm going to bundle up and head to my reservation!
At US History and Online Highways, we're working to write histories for all American cities, mostly focusing on smaller ones.
The Imaginary Band Sept Birthday Bash!
Mastrellas  Sept.
24th!
Classic Rock like you've never heard in Rochester!
Including Fleetwood Mac!
Another vegan meal 4 dinner.
May become a trend if I keep making recipes.
Reco Avocado Pesto Pasta  Oyster Mushroom Tacos
FOLLOW me if you don't need makeup cos your
Good morning Twitter.
The way of a fool is right in his own eyes, but a wise man is he who listens to counsel.
Prov 12:15  sent by my Aunt Sharon  God bless!!
Funny thing is, I'm a Kobe, Pau, and Hill fan.....
Don't really care much for Meta, but he didn't mean to.
I really believe that.
Yum!
That sounds fantastic!
On the 21 goal I shouted so strongly and loudly that my dog started shaking....oops!
Omg I am tryin so hard not2 act my color with this manager but she is really tryin me.
I think I'm gonna contact a lawyer
that explains it :
lol i'm always like vasssshappningggggg to annoy people ahah my friends are just like where's the nearest mental hospital
I think Tom Benson should fire all involved.
RT What do you think of the penalties that was placed on the Saints?

ah, but do you want that in print?
as we both know, the media never lies...
EMarketing Views thanks for the follow.
is Alan Levine.
Teaching ds106 right now.
Also interviewed you guys about digital identity a few weeks ago.
Wonder what thug thought of this
being single sucks
The Brooks Lockwood episode will hopefully be up Monday.
You are mentioned in this show.
wassup fam it's your boy ANGEL of D.O.C.
Disciples of Christ saying wassup  here with some music.
Any questions hit me up!
Real Talk.
Fam
Great meeting you.
Thanks for the awesome feedback about Look forward to lunch sometime!
Taking stock of the landscape, frosttinged farmland, sun creeping out behind the hills...scrape the ice off my car and let's go do a show!
I want an iPhone just so I can ask Siri sexual things.
Our Pepper Workshop is ON!
Scheduled for 5/19.
Preregister at Paradigm Gardens 15 or signup the day of 20.
Thankyou so much and and we too know that G OD has great things planned for him.He has inpacted more livesN 4years than most
Hi  hope you're doing well.
Come visit soon.
totally jealous!
Do report back on whatever awesome you see at MOMA tonight.
Do you love NewOrleans?
Do you love MardiGras?
Follow us today  you'll get to see some gorgeously detailed archival carnival designs
Can't wait to see and tie the knot this weekend!!
No words to explain how exciting!
cc:
IfYouKnowMeWell you'd know my hands spaz out when im nervous
I am so ready for a night of some clean, wholesome blackout fun
Before having any Adventures Under the Sun, stock up at 's buy one get one 50 off summer essentials sale through May 13
I just Gotta give my wife props for a Mom employed f/time and 8 yrs of part time college Graduating from U of Indy today w/ Honners I Luv U
FF Publishing Peeps
There's a difference btw reactive and deliberative use of social media.
Faculty who don't embrace edtechdo they see that difference?
TOGA!
TOGA!
My stomach is growling already.
I think I woke up hungry.
What's that all about?
nccetl do districts keep parents in the loop so policy neither shocks nor disappoints
I'll be donating all of my tips this week from to the 2012FolkMarathon!
Because nothin beats great music  coffee
Thanks for the interesting chat today!
Lol stop!
RT : my city is based.
Going grocery shopping with and comparing grocery shopping apps groceryiq and grocerypal.
Which one will win?
no one speaks to my babies that way lol
It's LOUD here at LSP today!
or reply to them to go and hunt and gather...
Lol
what time do you land?
The King and I steered away from prez politics, but we did chat about wardoctorbes and my pudgy Elvis tattoo.
Like id a comedy to those who think and a tradegy to those who feel.
Shakesphere
fridaylistens Deliver us from Evil by Baldacci  excellent narrator  a thrill ride of a story
Q's about going silent: will you laugh?; how will communicate with the dog?
You deserve better treatment than that!!
I seriously dislike any help/chat service that really can't do anything to help me.
You hear me , its annoying to always call.
vs We need this.
Also Aries vs and Aries vs Sabin.
Got back from DEC's Dansville fracking public hearing and trying to process it all.
Large crowd, lots said.
Some protestors on stilts.
Make sure you sign up for the BestSocialMediaBootcampEvah at the AAMKT Vagoose 2012 conference.
It will be a
new twitter interview question: now do that while banagramming
.
observing that our discussion has implicitly been about the identity politics of separating the humanities
getting ready to head down to for the funemployment radio tax week special sandwich!
m....spaghetti...
SHOUTOUT TO TAYLOR FROM VIRGINIA!
I LOVE YOU BOTH!
3 143
Hey Caroline!
I love the music video Rome!
Its amazing!
Tweet me or RT!!!!
no not yet....soon I'll get to work n I'll have an email saying its available.
No advance notice here...sorry!
Grats!
RT : I can officially say I will be participating in The Final Four for Beach Volleyball !!!
Can I get some followers?
How 3 Mashable Readers Landed Jobs Via Social Media
If she can go long enough without talking...lol.
thanks!!
You're too nice : I wish he would follow me!
wine on a Friday is always good.
wow...time warner really must of wanted to keep you
I love this!
RT : Now THIS is a woman exec I admire.
Spending dinner every night w my kids is something I won't ever...
he wants to see who is taller duuh
I really hope everything turns out okay !
F you too you got hit with tht Fbomb now .
Timing is everything.
Posted a few reference photos in my DA scrapbook.
I'll post more soon, as well as a finished project.
I love how im the one who is called to help initiate conv with my cousins interests AND then to help her break up w them.
If anyone can will himself to the task, it's Kobe.
But he's got 42K career minutes under his belt.
He's Methuselah in basketball years.
Congrats to Lebron James.
I can't hate on him for killing it for another year.
RT : Hahaha!
RT : Daylight Savings makes us lose an hour.
Its just like checking Twitter.
I have a whole night.
And a lot of thinking to do .
thanks!
we are so excited to be working with young musicians!
go 2 the BB 4sig on ur phone, it wii take you there
gonna attempt to finish 3units 2english  1geography homework packets i have 65 done so i can test on them tomorrow :3
I think I need to become 34 more productive
Huh.
Schlotzkys has a banquet room.
I am sorry!
THANK YOU!!!
I'm working on my short answer now : I might not turn in the book questions tomorrow, but on Tuesday
TURN THE HELL UP LAKERS!
losing control of things..
Seal.
He can handle it.
He's had worse burns.
He was a really nice person.
I can't believe he committed suicide.
Let me take my ass to work on my day off grrr
Denver office is happy today: Peyton Manning heads to the Broncos.
Adds some heat onto the standing Chargers vs.
Broncos annual bet.
My NYC life is now organized enough to start Tweeting again.
What have I been up to?
Job and apartment hunting, exploring and lots of coffee
because u don't watch glee, maybe?
: why do i not understand this tweet?
You have to live with yourself for the rest of your life
i did add u
ITALIAN PRIDE ALL THE WAY!!!
Sounds great!
and I would love to do lunch soon!
this shower scene is unnecessary
Everyone follow our Singer: doctormmer: Guitarist: Guitarist:  Bassist: 3
Alright Barves bring in the relief squad.
Maybe Otis Nixon could throw a few.
doing some media today!
Good thing I like to talk!
Thanks for the interviews everyone!!
the dc dogs  ponies took a postBEERTOWN vacay but we r getting back in gear.
1st conspirators meeting of '12 this sunday.
make up time!!!
lol but it's making me not do my work .
I don't like either, but payroll tax cut  pipeline would equal compromise.
The two party system is a disgrace.
Finished the day with 26125 blinds 200 400.
Frustrating day.
EXPERIENCED Retail professorssional...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
I wanna go back to when it all began...but thats impossible, so i must move on...:/
I was just in Bali and they are all doing your Sack celebration!
If anyone magically ended up with an extra Flaming Lips LP from Record Store Day, I'll gladly take it off your hands.
I hate how teachers r giving us so much work and making them due all in the same week.
Dnt they realize that we have other classes too??
FML
don't forget me i beg.
Just spilled red Koolaid on my crotch.
It looks so akward o.o xD
Up to June 1982  not sure why this isn't on every Americanist PhD reading list.
What u got I need a lot of, so I can't let u go...
Diet Soda...who are you fooling, you're no better for anyone.
i was hopin you would get another pick 6 to see your dance.
maybe next time.
famished/Starvin' Marvin ...
no marathon, even
where do the falcons and ravens sit with you now?
you have obviously never stepped on a lego in bare feet or hit your hip bone on the corner of a table
so I had a doctoram you called me to come in and eat Mer's muddy buddies
Back on this cardio heavy!
Get safe and reliable transportation on a Limo Bus for your next brew tour at an affordable price!
Call today to book 619.225.8466
i don't understand why girls have to be in each other's captainons in their professorle pictures...
Hm.
I'd been telling people the Mavs were more than able to make this a series...
Do you know how many lives a single donor can save through organ donation?
you're still a badass!
No doubt!
You'll come back from this stronger than ever!
I love that comment some people need to get there priorities together
I want to be one of the first riders!
you can only pick your coworkers nose if you let them pick your nose
Happy birthday to the beautiful Love yaa xx
did you get my DM
just won contest on 100.5 espn madison.
for guessing rod woodson with most pro bowls since 1995 for a defensive player.i won a fuckn shirt.
.
talks about interuptions as idea urges.
I dig it.
awww seriously only two weeks again until back to chi for good...i feel like i live a double life but is this good or bad?
Oh alright I see who's more important!
you've been hacked again.
: but I might try the berry diet anyways
uh huh!
ALWAYS HOLDIN DAT HEAT!
just a plain pink doctorss from forever
Rudy Gay!
what did you get now?
And why does it make you nervous?
Had audition w/little kid who was burning up w/a fever  near tears.The mom says his agent would be so angry if they had to cancel.
So Wrong
holy shit that interview was amazing!!
You're welcome and good luck!
Why do I always feel so RRated?
Farting while submerged in water 
follow limit still /3 : how do i not be on it??
jajajjajajaajaj!!
the grapevine is closed.
LOL
Man I miss all my Akron cats!!!!
s/o to all my fellas and ladies from the AKRight!!!!
Dont tell me Ive changed when in reality Ive just stopped living life your way.
Thanks for the follow!
We love your Etsy too.
:
your welcome.
if you need someone im here
You don't need someone to complete you.
You only need someone to accept you when you're an idiot.
Scott Eddy
Consuming the last of the coffee in the house.
Usually, daily volume of coffee  daily volume of written output.
Something has to give.
agreed, 13 years as an mlb hitting coach with one team is unheard of these days
At the kreative kulture house painting building and getting ready for our opening.
Wrath of the Titans lacked finesse.
First time being let down by Liam and Ralph.
indeed, look forward to meeting you !!
RT : Just purchased my tickets for !!!
Allinclusive  god time :
Bruins are gonna beat Flyers
Red wine and Mary Jane
I just realized that there are only seven rings for dwarves.
Time for a LoTR/Snow White crossover?
I hate people that talk a lot
And now it's time for basketball.
March Madness just over the horizon.
I so can't handle this right now
OH: The sun moved?
When did it start doing that?
Validation::Class method keyword now creates selfvalidating methods which can validate data input and output ...
sweet :
some girls never grow out of lightup shoes...
He sure does!
So wonderful!
HOW WAS THAT NOT A 3?!??!
they fill my timeline w/ gr8 content
In Blogger Corp training for
Watching Bomb Patrol: Afghanistan.
Wow!
I love my country and the brave soldiers who serve.
Praying for you!
dang wish I had some wake n bake right now never went to salem road fucked up
RT : 2run single by Paulino after E2 on attempted pickoff at 2nd let runners move up.
orioles up 30.
Still no outs
I dunno.
I don't wanna sound stupid or make a fool out of myself.
Do you send him fan mail?
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Watching the movie Tortilla Soup.
Getting hungry, maybe I should have waited until after lunch.
Ha ha
Always remember...
You will live, You will love, You will dance again.
you ain't ready!!!
you'reaidiot once again proving to ur followers that u r a half retarded racist.
Thumbs up!
Happy Birthday!
Are you gonna be at the rescheduled Gambino Detroit show on Aug 3?
and thats from the heart bro....
But its not over , so whats there to do tonight ?
Calling Miley Cyrus a pot head  Chris Brown a woman beater proves that people only jusge you by your bad decisions.
It feels like that time of year where people come and go out of your life.
Sucks cause I didn't want you to leave 
Gasol tall ass needs to fucking wake up or sit down!!!
If Gary Karton doesn't want booing, why not want players that are very good at baseball?
Is suffering in silence morally superior?
Don't allow your circumstances to shake your faith.
Who is excited for ustream later?!?
:D
enjoyed B2C 37 ways to repurpose blog blast!
Been teaching recycling content for years  this has new spins.
Thanks!
u need a hobby
thanks for the RT!
Don't stress out on anything thats out of your control.
Youll be fine on ur own
Monday is the day I get most new followers in twitter.
Even if I don't tweet much weekends because I'm B2B.
Weekend tweeting is a lifestyle!
Today is Spring Cat Cleaning Day, a day to give your cat a bath.
Be careful.
or you could just get you car cleaned.
PearlBistro Tonight.
Echelon3000 Thursday!
Ladies Free All night !
Bday Celebration for 
Just ordered some Ecuadoran, Rwandan, and a small amount of Mexican.
I'll let you know when it's ready!
baby, I was born this way.
futurewewant Flying cars!
Barry bonds, ken Griffey jr and hank aaron
Okay, it is currently 61 degrees in my condo.
Do I turn on the heat or suffer until the weather warms up later this week?
Staying in tonight...
literally feels weird
When I decide to open my window, no cars wanna ride thru or no wind wants to blow.
This is a sham!
No one should be this hot!!
We haven't heard anything about a FL thacamp for a while.
Perhaps knows more.
Easter.
probaly.
if everyones having a get to gether.
That's a BAD MAN
yo we been out all night....
Endless mights in L A .
I love it : 
hanging at my homieess house lol
Failure is temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success Only those who dare to fail greatly ever achieve greatly
Oh, I had my moments, and if I had to do it over again, I'd have more of them
: Good.
I'm just wondering what different sources people use to find work.
Outside of Backstage.
Startup on their complex color matching app for beauty and home: our app doesn't discriminate
I didn't realize that, how interesting!
Stay in school!
not yet
The day after starwarsday,
Don't ever EVER let them get into cars
The law of gravity says no fair jumping up without coming back down..
Facebook's acquisition of Instagram gives them a Cost Per User of about 28.
Do you know what your average CPU/CPC is?
heard about the film project.
good luck, sounds interesting.
doctorp by 4 east sometime when you are ready to edit.
that was a great interview.
We recruit professorssionals for jobs in DC, Boston, NYC, Chicago, the Bay Area, Los Angeles, OC, San Diego, Dallas, and Houston!
Snuggling with Megan watching shrek :
i'll fix that later.
I hope you have blessed holiday observances this weekend.
See you Easter Monday!
Groupies?
Does creating some via Weird Science count?
yeah, but I'm bored with it already.
SWNI grant to support art classes for seniors see our workshops tab to signup
Here Comes The Sun is stuck in my head except I'm singing here comes the sub.
Nice!
Is anyone else stuck on a song now?
what's your story about?:
Francis Bacon The man who fears no truths has nothing to fear from lies.
I feel loved 
sincewebeinghonest UCONN is going to beat Butler!!!
GO UCONN !!!!!!!
Completely understandable!
: The night turned out to be pretty amazing....
3 !
Tuesday lunch How about our 4.99 special.
Soup, salad w'Fuji doctorssing and chicken fried rice.
Now are you thinking about lunch?
freefridays music video soundtracks by Earamas to soothe your savage beast
i like royce though
And Then there were the bees ..
hubby kept saying dont you hear something , I said no ...
then holes appeared in our bedoctorom ceiling LOL
where are you?
what about Chicago
Tell your friends to follow !!!
We love you guys!
the radios on your tuning me out, im trying to talk, your turning me down
hehe I was!!
I promise:
had such a bad time tonight:
I brought sunscreen to happy hour last Friday for that same reason.
Submit to: !
any plans to make suggestions come up when typing in the search bar on get glue?
3rd tweet from jack for twog
Great, great advice...for anyone, really!
RT Know When to Unplug.
Static stretching is best post workout to prevent muscle tears.
And I am about to makeout whis 's tongue.
;
So the Artist won big at the Oscars?
That wasn't expected, except by everybody.
Burgers Doge Wings Juan Tabo and Lomas
funny.
Very funny.
I hate waiting....
Once again, I'll ask you to leave my family out of this...
thanks for the shout out!
We can't wait for Founder's Day!
Day 1 of not weighing myself is going good....2 hour down 22 more to go babysteps , about to hit this workout!
I'm seeing on December 3!
Can't take my shine I do this shit everyday
follow back Ricardo.
?:
Just back from a wonderful pier visit.
There was a giant arrest downtown.
Kind of Scary here in St.
petersburg.
Great, thanks!
Niggaz Could Rhyme, But Ya Only Lack Originality.
Keep COPYin Niggaz Style See How Far It Gets Ya..
What happened when the witch went for a job as a TV presenter?
The producer said she had the perfect face for radio.
i have to wake up in about four hours ...
oh well
Damn!!
is fucking annoying and a fucking bitch
Well...I'm 30 now.
Guess that means it's time to be a grownup and get back to business!
: Look for updates on the website soon!
screaming females are fking KILLING it.
cant wait!
WHo has Oovoo?
Thanks for the RT today Laura!
Thanks for following us!
: PREDICT Josh Hamilton's season homer total.
MLBFC 45.
Happy Monday Tucson!
What are you eating this morning?
i sent u a comment on ur website someone check it out please
Little wet here, north of Boston, too.
Crazy day, but also pretty productive.
Now off for tuna melts w/my daughter.
Yum!
:
End of the week I spend his whole paycheck, he show me bank rolls then my pussy get wet!
Yeah They seem to be making a comeback.
The last few years I don't remember them stopping the game this often.
some cool , funny , crazy stuff coming out
Nobody w/ tose glasses or lips could possibly be a womanizer
Architect John Mock Lives!
Couple restores his 1964 Mt.
Helix midcentury classic in SD Home/Garden's Nov issue.
Living history.
racecar revving guitars blaring
Our carpet footprint 
I'm ready;
better be jk D: whats up?
shit internet a bitch
Pretty sure it was in MS Word based on the clipart.
Thanks for that follow friend
Strength does not come from physical capacity.
It comes from an indomitable will.
Gandhi
seriously?!
But I could have sworn she said the day after tomorrow!!
lololol Jackie and her mom and christina are still here .
xD
RT : This is new beginning :yaaaay 
we think along the same lines, you're right about him staying in WI.
Same as Rubio in FL and Christie in Jersey
That feeling when you see your first crush 3
I'm expert at wounding spys, practicing on 'Does THIS hurt?'.
Trial  error works best.
Don't let moments pass you up to fix things before those things become worse  worse to you.
LAST WITNESS!
I look forward to reading your review.
We start day 2 of the Norwegian Championship in about 30 minutes.
Blinds will be 600/1200200.
My 63k stack wants to grow!
Someone remind me why I thought a 3hour layover in Akron would be OK.
everything out of bachman's mouth is a joke.she needs to really watch her mouth with that commit.
What fun to doctorp the pots and pans on the floor when everybody else got to party all night and is hungover.
Ha Ha Ha!!
Thanks girl!!
Glad you like it!
eehh I wanna go to tennesee ;P
A night of spiked cider and wine with  others.
Silver snakes...eyyooo.
White people don't have pimps.
I used endomondo before my Garmin.
I liked it
The janitor is an asshole at out school
Fun fact.
I officially have not urinated in 24 hours.
Happy Father's Day, dads.
Enjoy your day.
Basketball x
Dont play catch with
Dam impact study kicks off upgrade
Pros  cons
Tosca  My First  06:08 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Did someone get a UPS delivery?
RT : Definitely found former Northwestern QB Zak Kustok at the Derby
It is what it is...
more monies for the ignorant!
please read the hunger Games: its awesome and a fast read...the next two books are also awesome:
Sitting at Home with Family Sleepy Queens Happy New Year everybody!
I hope you left the shit that brings you pain in the Past!
YaY!
I hate going to funerals.
My mama always make me go.
WORST NEWS REPORTING EVER!!
The Purdue Women WIN the Big Ten Conference and are buried at the end of the men's loss to IU?!
Money doesn't buy class.
Put away your pride come on I can see everything by looking into your eyes
Pick up a giirls at the dollar store, they can never say you haven't lived up to the high expectations they had of you when you met.
I tell people to use doctorpbox or OnLive Desktop that way you can edit if necessary before sending it mobile.
Your Peyton article yesterday was bushleague.
mister Bndchen is 03 in last 3 playoff games...WITH his full complient of players.
MSMQ: Humanists traditionally didn't worry about utilitarian modeling because we didn't build things.
But now we have that capability
Saw The Freestyle Battle When You Tebowed 3 Made My Whole Day.
Especially Because I'm A Bronco Fan 3
Get the heck outta here
Whoever wins the fight becomes right, and the blinded opinions of those men become justice
Anyone got any vids from the show?
testing again 2
true but of course not the way id like to be watching.
thankful for the computer though
Please don't rub your eyes when suffering from eye allergies.
Not only will this make the itching worse, it increases risk of eye...
nope but tried to get him to notice u xx
Whose ready for summer??
We got new tanks on the way!
Woke up a little while ago my arm still hurts from where I got my blood done.
Didn't sleep that good but good enough.
Now time to Tweet.
:
Ok I got you homie!!
: I don't get hangovers means you're doing it wrong.
Good times shall be had!
RT : We just sent in our merchant agreement.
coming soon to
I love you like a love song baby , 
Baby sister just got engaged!
here we go
you should have to you're man should have that covered right??
bdayflow kickin it wit the bestie  going to enjoy some retail therapy : 3 Saturdays off
No I'm not, me and my friends just get real bored...
..
hahahaha
2nd most?
getting behind someone applying mascara.
Getting Ready to Buy Tickets for Coachella  10am!
Anyone Else Going This Year?
So glad to be awake early to watch the Roland Garros man final, and man is it a fight.
Allez Roger!!!
TinyVox app...
doctoramy cassette format.
is your team all set for Chicago?
TableNine Bertuccis
I'm sorry to read the sad news.
Dj is so understanding
Of course Wish You Were Here by Pink Floyd comes on once we get in the car from the cemetery.
I really wish I had a hot tub.
cuz it pays bills lol :p
nice enjoy!
Have some oysters for me
I agree.
Let's focus on players playing well that week.
On LPGA tv show more players to get viewers excited
yeah i def think i will...he has some really great techniques i never heard of or felt...im sure they are amazing
waiters not found in farms?
Did u find it?
s/o to follow her!!
sla2011 great session on Integrating w/ sales  marketing.
4 top notch speakers!
come on out then!
It's free for goodness sakes!
those glasses are cool.
Ya looking important  scholarly.
The art of government is the organization of idolatry.
Tweeting a useless tweet just so I can still have a higher klout score than :
Twitter is reacting with Dear North Carolina trending nationwide...right alongside UseTittiesInAMovieTitle.
Ah, Twitter.
agreed.
Anyone seen a checklist for what elements to include that make a presentation worth virtual sharing?
What is solid content?
How much would it cost for you to wait in my attic and force my roommate to pay the troll toll?
Serious question.
bracket shows 17/21 so far...dang, I was on a roll too
I'm so excited to go to the Haywire premiere tonight.
Such an amazing experience to have worked on that movie!
Sorry is the only Twitter account for all Milwaukee Public Televions channels.
Thanks!
Not have a V makes me realize who my real people are...
Damn this place Fucked up!!!
CockaDoodleDoo Buggs!
Order Cupcakes 4your next meeting, special event or just because!
Email orders to .
2 doz min.
please like my page :
Swag doesn't involve being an asshole to girls.heantsentlemen
Coffee..blues...smoke..Studio sesh
The flip side is that the OldOnes, aka over 60, are not leaving their jobs so it becomes a catch22.
Not happy that im sitting in traffic right now.
:
HAPPY TO BE ABLE TO SHARE WITH YALL
I know I saw you guys tweeting about her so I looked through his mentions omg prime example of a dumb TRS fan.
I need to go to sleep lol
Im trying to deal but I really dont want to
that's a relief to hear.
I didn't think such junk could be coming from a Risley computer.
My favorite site davidoctorsley.com
You know your gf is out of the country when your phone is at 57 at the end of the work day
Frozen grapes are delicious!
Do u like NYC?
Dammit Chelsea.
Stop being such a failure.
Time to break bread w friends and strangers alike in memory of heidi
My bun looks so perfect today :
I just ousted as the mayor of Fremont Coffee Company on !
OH.
Look mom and dad friend requested me.
DENIES
nothing wrong with that
not from me from you
I feel like I should DVR his postgame.
So I can bust it out six months from now and get really depressed.
In an effort to fund a new Samsung Galaxy 10.1 Tablet PC, I need more work.
Anyone need a website developed or semipro pictures taken.
:
Yuengling and metal.
what'd you get?
I thought Redbones to be much like Famous Daves.
Really enjoyed SmokeShack, not perfect but very good.
Finishing up my first vlog.
I hope you all like it.
New song also debuting via mailing list tonight.
doctorp me your email to join the fun!
Frozen yogurt is now an Irish song
Can anyone please tell me what's going on, every time I press settings it pulls me up to a blank page.
Reply if you can help please.
Not your laptop :O This guy behind me had a Dell and it sounded like a windstorm!
I will submit an outstanding paper and get full credit!
Then, off to sweetwaterfestival in
check out for Sweeps Week!
RT : CBS Supercharges Sweeps Week With Social Media  t.co/Myueou5i
best month: 8pril
Hows everyone's Thursday going?
Ours is going great here at Fastino's.
Come in today and enjoy something from our wonderful menu.
Anyone else having trouble tearing themselves away from TLC's Cake Boss Marathon?
I really need to go for a walk...
REALLY GOOD live music, tune into www.theroomlive.com, 8pm West Coast time!
Watch Live  ALL new Single Chef show on MONDAY 6pm ROCK OUT!
I did..
lives here in Boston
or laid haha
Yea when
Getting ready to watch on my ellen3
love it girl!
xx
Syracuse Basketball Icon Jim Boeheim Joins Cellceutix to Fight Cancer  MarketWatch
God Bless America, land that I love.
Standing at the base of the Statue of Liberty
Interestingnever saw a tweet from WH.
Little unnerv'g for a sec!
Just a retweet.
Once received a call on a Fri noon!
Order sent to Zoe in OH!
same with my school!
Everyone is so disrespectful !!
One day somebody is going to piss me the fuck off and I'm just gonna snap, I feel sorry for that person when that day comes 
: 5 days left until my birthday, I'm getting old!
FUCKKK!
D: you'll be 17 :P
oh I got this shit
sube las fotos de los muppets!
Getting ready for my segment on Dave and Carole, which should be interesting, because I don't yet know what we'll be talking about.
Tune in!
WAKE UP NIGGA!
ok doctorw it out and give it to me on wednesday.
Face Time c;
Who here likes the old MoTown music?
We love it!
Classics!
Tweet us if you wanna meet up here
The Public Relations Team is fabulous!
You ladies rock...
Excited to finish up the forever waiting video shoot today!
Skip is going to eat Lebron up tomorrow on FirstTake...
feeling some type way smh !!!
I am clearly delusional at this hour...don't pay me any mind.
eyes glazed over
Instead of ADDIE, Michael Allen recommends SAM: Successive Approximation Model
RT : Use user generated content  feature popular items in your campaigns 
hello to you have a great Frday
The poet Joyce LeeAnn Joseph is unveiling her book tonight at TheBoweryPoetryClub at 6pm!
For more info, go to www.instereopress.com
Happy Friday dingleberries!
RT: Just renewed my subscription to Jorts Illustrated.
Have a wonderful weekend!
What a deal can always appreciate good food and a great steal.
.
held up by as the model for institutionalizing new forms.
Here here.
What to put in my Mixed Greens salad always stresses me out, and I always prepare it mentally beforehand too.
: Any guy who thinks he's playing a real woman is actually playing himself.
A real woman is a great gain, so that's his loss.
Happy 4th of July to all of our American tweeps and peeps!
Enjoy all of those BBQ's and fireworks!
thanks for the follow and support Jenny can't wait to meet you check out
I'm sick of this game, got my heart jumping
Was interested in the Starbucks trip to Seattle till they said it includes learning how to make lattes.
They gonna pay me min.
wage too?
Here's to the mahomies that will support Austin through whatever!
I don't use protection on my tweeter either...
Oo
If you're looking for some great design ideas, make sure you follow !
She has some great tips and ideas!
If u weren't feelin her anyway that's a winwin
RT GOP base still backs Cain after he assures them that while he was harassing women he was never for one moment Mitt Romney
There are a couple of metal doors to former safe like areas but I wouldn't call them fancy.
Did you mean gates?
Okay.
Calling it a day.
Thanks for the sprints!
I really needed the kick in the pants!
Again tomorrow?
You're right.
I should.
:
Congrats to the people of New York!
We didnt have any parts where everybody played well at the same time....We had little chunks at a time  HC Al Caravelli

NovemberScope2011 Gemini Romance: Make your decision about what it is you want and then stick to it...
It's all fun  games until the cops get involved...
got pulled over with a ticket because the Fl  wasn't on the ski.
Hey, SPHers, congratulations on wrapping up the school year.
On to summer!
best of luck to you Laura Jane.
Way to live your life the way you wish to.
I support you!!!
Personally hated it.
Guessing it's the taboo nature but I am perplexed as well as to why it's appealing to women.
Yesterday was National Wine Day.
How did you celebrate?
Save Energy!
Conserve energy by checking the temperature setting on your water heater.
It should not be above 120F
...I just said that
Craving a big fat steak and a block of cheese...odd?
u mahomies need to wake up to reality tht all
No Name Brand Tanpons !
Wear They Do That At !
Haha
Another missed pick!
Oscars.
Damn!
whats next week
Watching and OLD Roseanne!
Darlene and Becky are so young :
ain't no way around it
Your pic is beyond beautiful!!
It is practically angelic.....btw...glad ya' got my eyes.
BOOM!
Yes, i'll take NC State 10 for a night of beers
absolutely!
Where are you staying at?!
Yes!
Great song.
Perfect choice.
I feel like I remember hearing that MtFlm used ArcadeFire in a previous year.
Yes?
Welcome Brendan!
Lol were at RT : party this weekend?
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.
Maori Proverb
Cleaning is good.
Found the notebook with the garage door code written in it, lost for the last six months.
loved the weather today but hate my allergies :
You are not what you own!
Fugazi's prescient take on fair use.
1960: Roger Maris hits two homers in his Yankee debut, an 84 victory over Boston at Fenway Park.
do you have a day/time in mind where  can stop by?
I cannot comment about your parents because I do not know them or the context of these Obama comments.
Potatoes have skin.
I have skin.
Therefore, I am a potato.
Cover Show April 1st at Unit Six.
We will be doing an entire set of songs by Brand New.
Let us know what songs you want to hear!
I want to meet Nick Jonas :3
Finally in the Midwest!!
my wife and I are doing the same thing.
We need a new vacuume badly.
Today I saw a woman attempting to push a huge piano up some stairs  no Three Stooges, just one fucking idiot.
Bring on Yuan Williams for SC primary debate...anything to do with race?
Just saying the obvious
so sick.
i just want someone to care.
the good doctor is very committed to educating the public  especially committed residents attending the Academy!
how are you using the Hangouts?
If you really didn't care then you wouldn't respond.
Hence disproving your point.
That's stupid now that's a response.
It is not whether your report is factually correct, but whether you see what God intends.
Ten spies not technically wrong about grasshoppers
August 311 some of the best comedy in Milwaukee  beyond will take to the stage!
255 S.
Water Street.
Don't miss it!
YES: Kirko bangs fine ass
CC cost me
James Murphy: thinking of a single magazine as an intranet embedded within larger network.
I was on 4G in St Louis all weekend and it worked pretty well downtown.
And my battery didn't die fast when I left it on.
I think it's great that you are running the race for life : you are such a sweetheart : hope all is well 
I think you mean Vandy embarrassed Marquette at Marquette....
Major back spasm during p90x plyo today.
Only made it half way through.
Smh
is always discreet and reliable.
I've never had a better ticket experience.
They're fantastic!
Closing arguments set today in freeway shooter trial of Stephen doctorgasits.
thanks jojoe, ill kick the weight, then kick butt
aw thank you!
I can literally quote most of Bring It On.
De'Andoctor Is Good : He's 1, Turning 2 In October :D And Yeah You Do, I Started Sendin Him To DayCare Now :
That book is actually In the Garden of Beasts by Erik Larson.
Oh I'm so gonna feel this in the morning...wait it is morning and I am feeling it.
Ahahaha
Can't say I love the mellodoctormatic, lyric based, ultra embarrassing tweets from Jim Irsay.
Granger a bum.
The world would be such a better place if people knew how to doctorve.
How is this different from ?
Philly Sports: Does NHL Need Rangers to Win Game 7?: A Fans Perspective
What is going on?
Went to a new store in IL and they were disorganized and unfriendly.
Very disappointed.
Retweet annoys the crap outta you!
RIP Leslie Nielson
39;I Can Smell The Fires From Here39;: Broadcasts From The L.A.
Riots
ThoughtsDuringSchool should i go to my next class?
Thanks for swinging by for a taste of one of our favorites!
power out for an hour, nearly choked to death, purse stolen.
call me: 5136003654
Mascherano!
How good is he.
It's starting to feel more like spring in Indy!!!!
where at
MARC train better be on time.
Enter to win advance screening tix to LOCKOUT  qualify to win 2 passes indoor skydiving!
Txt SKYDIVE  ur ZIP CODE to 43549!
If I care about you , when you need me..
ill be there for you , all the time, everytime , anytime.
tryna cut deals out here  getting destroyed.
NYC's cool tho, u gotta get me tix next year for your MSG game.
how's the stroke?
Someone just puked at The Institute show.
Woo!
email and you blocked me.
End of story.
Very nice win for the Tribe...Taking Vinny and Haggs off the hook for giving it up.
nothing much just working away
Cush on my breat.
Cocane on my tongue.
Eat her pussy, make it numb.
She can't feel herself cum.
Pop a molly, smoke a blunt.
...Damn weezy...
Shoutout to my mum: MUM, I've eaten 6 servings of fruits  veggies today.
SIX!
COUNT EM!
Do I get a reward, like bacon or choco?
Thanks for the
Happy monday everyone!
i dont know.
wtf does this mean???
Lol I think I figured it out after about 2 years
Yes RT : sandwiches 4 eva your next tattoo
I thought that was a requirement.
Do you ever find yourself 'out of your depth' with some of the subject matter?
I see you lurkin with your lurkin ass
WITCHES WITH RATTLES as in three witches dj in between red rattles songs at black market moto saloon on 3/17 otherwise known as st.patrick's
Confusing monogamy with morality has done more to destroy the conscience of the human race than any other error.
When I was dead broke...
I couldn't picture this...
Oh man, shop to the nats would be glorious!
Is Axelrod's appearance on Meet the Press this morning sponsored by Target?
Changing the way we think changes our life.
If you think you can, you can.
And if you think you can't, you're right.
BKFerry .
Tonight.
.
I'm excited.
we have had intermittent actions in Yemen since the USS Cole bombing, and Central America is not a country.
you are amazing  you MAKE 1D  any so called directioners say other well there rong  have no rite to be call directioners
And it's only the first half WVU!!
I love my new car!
Thank you , for a stressfree carbuying experience.
I hope you have a good day babe
DeCosta: still a lot of goo player out there.
The hunt goes on.
My Teacher told me that I was a piece of shit, seen her the other day...doctorvin a piece of shit!!!!
congrats dev!
Haha :  My friend named her baby kyle : P Is ur nickname River ?
What can i say, I gotta crush on you!
3
its matt's birthday on the east coast!!!
Fuck what you heard; recognize what you see.
the fact that wednesday will be one year, 3
Thanks for all the RTs, and tweets on this busy Friday...
you're the best!
Every one of you...
I love to c u smile
It's times like right now I'm glad I'm nowhere near a TV.
The NFLdoctorft is terribly boring TV.
Let me know who still needs a follow back if I haven't already followed you back!
3
Goodnight I Love You Till Ma Heart Stops.
UK leaders at half: Davis, Teague, Lamb 8 points; Davis 7 rebounds; Teague 4 assists.
Off to do Character Building Shows!
Happy Easter!
Over 100 varieties of tequiila !!!
So, how do you like your margarita?
Y not allow gays the same benefits, we as americans don't cherish the privilege that much anyway...
There aren't any secrets to accomplishment.
It's the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
I can't wait to hear it
Hey, Ted!
Rice University is trying to sell KTRU, but community members are still fighting the illegal sale.
Wish me luck!
you're fortunate to live close to the land.
It's like L.A.
around here.
So it seems I'm getting a Bolland jersey instead of a Belfour one I'm still good with that
Talking to the person that meant the world to you and getting the feeling they forgot it even happened 
The New Orleans East don't have a hospital blankstare 00
That's a beautiful bullish engulfing candle on SOHU.
Textbook.
Happy 21st Birthday, Andy!
Love you.
:
In the neighborhood?
Don't forget to checkin on facebook with us at 631 Folsom!
We've got 38 checkins...
I need to get out of the water from time to time and just...breathe fully.
Fill my lungs with life and possibility.
Now that is following me my life is complete
Levi Johnston, 21, is about to be a father again: TMZ reports that he and his current girlfriend Sunny Oglesby, 20, are expecting.
This weekend going to san fransico
he's in the finals!!!!!
: Right back atcba!
Xoxo Please tell everyone you know it's time to HireMarkEdwards.
Hire Mark Edwards!He rocks!
Tramp stamp is hanging out today..
croppedtee 3
note taken!

my first thought was holy cow, look at those paws!
What a sweet looking pup.
How old is he?
that's the way to go lol
next time!
is honored to represent the company at the Red Carpet gifting suite for the Academy Awards!
As long as you're across the street, we hope we're BOTH here forever!
Twitter builds people self confidence , that's nice and all but if you ugly.....you ugly 
Keep the world safe
Did they just doctorw a line through it?
:0
Wondering if Siestas could get a copy of the commission you read?
Moved 2 tears w/my new friend as we spoke it over 1 another X
A brand for an organization is like a reputation for any person.
You earn name by trying to do hard things well.
As a daughter, wife, sister, granddaughter, and niece of a Mason, I can hold my own.
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate
This lady gave me 3 in bills and added 5 more bucks on the receipt!
:D
Engaging Our Most Challenging Students session helped me generate a long to do list for this summer.
You're welcome!
Keep an eye out for some exciting updates to our career tools coming soon.
Cavs just rolled thru the office, only autograph I wanted was somehow he slipped passed me..
Andy did rip ass on the elevator tho
mental weight loss??
It's called exercise
Make sure you download this week's honorsystem song, won't say goodbye at www.honorsocietymusic.com
Former colleague, , is talking abt interedition annotation serverbased on OACthat really shows the emerging standards potential
Joseph Morgan: But there is always going to be this connection between Elena and Stefan.
So maybe eventually, that will win.
Stelena 
My printer is doctorving me crazy because I'm doing the same thing and it's giving me different results.
Isn't that the definition of insanity?
: Saying I'm fine when you're not, it's nothing when it's everything, I'm done when you know you still wanna try.
Its gonna be MURDAH to concentrate on Final Projects when its 85 degrees out today  pooltimeandbeerminute?
After sending this to my friend I get it.
A bunch of my exs have begun talking to me and it bothers them I'm in a long term relationship
Hopefully not!
haha well you should have come out!
Excellent.
We're throwing a little party Friday night if you get into town early.
Otherwise, make sure to say hi on Saturday.
I know it will be exciting hockey, heck I'm hyped for Coyotes/Kings
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils ...
Louis Hector Berlioz
Happy mothers day ma!
I love you with all my heart!
Just realized  I now have a purple mouse that matches my purple computer.
RT : .
Most definitely!
...
what supports the meadow ....
And there isn't a better voice to be sharing it :
Happy early birthday.
If you guys keep creating like this, you will attract a a huge following.
No doubt.
BBQ sauce and onion rings...sounds like the Rodeo burger they used to have at Burger King ;
Torn between the gritty raw Juliet Simms and the powerful Chris Mann!
Love them both on TheVoice!
Now onto
are u at home or out?
Sometimes I think I'm not doing enough with my life.
Then I remember some people ONLY smoke crack.
Then I am comforted.
Hey!
This is from True Colors.
How are you all doing today?
sending Aaron gallons of paintremover Wishing you the very best of luck with that look, darling!!
Thanks for the RT!
np 'Marvin's Room' by doctorke
Hi Chrisina Hi  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
CAN YOU GIVE ME A SHOUT OUT TO PROVE TO MY FRIEND WE FUCKED LAST NIGHT???
Quick overnight trip to San Fran tomorrow glad to be flying though
Thanks Santana!
So great to talk with you.
doctornking mate in Buenos Aires
Heat lightning is the bomb
So much potential, I bet I can empress you.
Mostly people leave eating meat and start eating vegetable or reduce the amount of food to greater level
Do it.
Balki commands it.
Just another jump shooting team.
If they were in a position today like how The Pacers were in the first half shooting the
Remember that you are first and foremost an artist, and only then you are an Entrepreneur!
well I mean I use an alarm clock, but I guess a coffee pot works too?
this one I'll wholeheartedly agree with!
Inspired too  realized that I been doing Bootstrap UX already!
I'll be talking about it Fri morning at 8
Ha!
The Leftovers by Tom Perrota
Just saw and tweet at you.
Cool org!
Know about ?
Would love to have u attend
It was beer marinated bacon cooked on the grill in the can : I cannot take credit for this idea.
Adam Jones with Adam Bomb!!!
I will be there from Sunday till mid may
Did you finally make it on to D3?
:p add me!
H4ck3rGyrl
Man  amtrak station: Excuse me miss, I just got discharged from a psychiatric ward this morning, Do u know where the Walgreens is?
Ready?
Best Beatles album.
Go.
But together is fine, lol.
Are you talking about Arron?
;
I am 99 positive that Cee Lo is a Tamagotchi.
Forgot how much I miss basketball
GREENS, so pumped for the game today you going?
Terps best be ready
You can't dare the impossible.
That's was up.
Good stuff
aaawwwww it's gone be ok link!
hugs from afar 
they see me Rollin they hatin
Ha!
So true.
Poor cabbie.
Do you know of a merchant who would want to run a local dailydeal with ?
Introduce me and if they run with us you get 50!
At least he is famous for having
RT : A7 Leading is influence even if its just one other person.
Board meeting at our partner this morning.
Any chance u could help?
i followed!
Still grading!
RT : Don't be sad when u r far apart from someone u love, remind yourself how lucky u r to have someone so special to miss.
I don't want Tuesday to roll around...at all...can we just skip it?
you are not answering your DMs!!
Why dont you wanna tell why it was the best day ever??
And u said you'll post a pic about it
great to meet you as well.
Glad to have you here in Austin as the first leg of your nationwide adventure.
Enjoy the journey.
I know, it was somewhere I always looked forward to going when home on breaks.
Sad.
Happy birthday to !
3 u have inspired me and many Mahomies!
Have a great day and hope all ur wishes come true!
3 xoxo
Girl...u killed it...Sang it girl!!!!
Rack  bitch, rack rack  bitch.
so...do you know what swag is?
I think it's bad news Dad
Me too, me too!
Excited to see what's in store!
I mean LA
Good luck at the Toronto Marathon
CNN projects that Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett wins the Wisconsin Democratic primary for governor to face current Gov.
Scott Walker.
Jim Morrison was the most beautiful man to ever walk the planet.
Love watching The Doors: Dance On Fire.
Amazing.

Thanks LeeAnne, you class us up with your great work!
:
I used to like Dirk.
This game is making me hate him.
Making ya boy breakfast....so nice!
Thank you!
Sundays  Mondays are 10 sangria pitchers.
Spread the word and see you soon :
:D that's funny
Q4 build upon knowledge as course progresses, don't give instructions for previously learned concepts
I'm not interested in putting Vons out of business.
Union supporters should still shop there.
I'm looking to save at Walmart.
i crack myself up
FF Shes a talented up and coming singer!
Thanks...I've had a good run so far with baseball and the NBA...going to let it ride tonight, I'm either up 4k or even!
really?
check the history behind Reagan and Clinton

tearing the stage at 's event
People constantly use me for my notebook paper.
Do I look like Office Max?
RT :  need 2 figure out how 2 produce master learners: people capable of learning anythingMichael Crow I like that.
Win Chicken McNuggets from McDonald's!
Just tell us your weekend plans.
Email with your answer.
I am encoraging families to come together and Pray april 2nd  iwillmovement.blogspot.com
RewardMilk hangover ...
only cure?
That's right,
yes!
I'm dying!
its all good....its on now....
If they are door masters why tha fuck would u lock them behind a door REALLI MUTHAFUCKA
WTF!
You've already seen them I WANNA SEE
Looking at the schedule for the Board of Elections, it looks like it refers back to the page I sent you re.
social media.
Swagger isn't something u do...
Its something u are!
Cool.
I don't really do much Broadway, but Bernstein is tight.
About to lay down the 2nd Below The Influence, premix checklist: redbull , menthols , booze  dubplates ...
Here we go!
So, if you want two rad, readable pages on Beethoven's advancing of sonata form, check out Solomon, 2545!
DvL
i'll say this once again you people you are my friends the devil he can't come in tonight that's right
Bynum  McGee  too much YOLO on one basketball court.
It seems like everything I do I just can't please anyone.
You're not too whatever to fast!
Your fasting may be the cure to your diabetes.
Started day with 12k at 2/400/50a.
Chipped up to 30k in about 45 minutes w/o showing down a hand lol.
I am now busted though,hands to follow
Good Morning !!
Long and busy day today...
Have a great Thursday everyone 3
damn devils
Requet sent  thank you :
White makes start, finishes fast
Job posts are shots in the dark.
Job posts on Twitter seem like shots in the dark while riding a train.
needs to make more songs like state of the union
Might be too much work, but could dark archive some digital copies of papers in expectation that opp.
will die down.
Look us up while you're visiting Indianapolis this month.
Grt food, doctornks, music and fun.
Close to your hotel too.
Hijacked again!
Sorry everyone.
Please ignore that weightloss spam from me.
thanks for sharing with your followers!
greatly appreciates it!
Thank you!
New Years app is currently 75 in top free reference apps and has over 2 million fireworks shot off!!!
2012 New Years Countdown!!
just started following you based on the interview you did with Serial Optimist.
You rock!
I'll have to check it out
RT Thanks to everyone for a wonderful day!
Hope you all enjoyed your night out in mke.
See you all tomorrow!
My Recruiter Said Just Hope You Don't Have A Stupid Bunker..
I Feel Bad For My Bunker Then lmao 
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its intrinsic restrictions and problems.
Happy Saturday!
Welcome to all my NEW followers 
I've had so many of these
The season starts 2nite!
Kick it off w/us!
7 HD TV's!
GameTime Specials: Beer Towers 30, 1 off Apps, 4pints w/2 refills!
Seriously it's grind time.
Make sure you enjoy each and every moment of that grind though.
It's not all about the final whoo ha successstory
Can't beliebe how much i think of you and know you..but you don't even know i exist...
:
education and family are the two pillars our organization was built on...glad we share similar interests.
RT Coming to America never gets old....
NEVER GETS OLD!!
my mom took my phone and laptop again tonight because she realized I took them back..
i take it again when she goes to bed
The sad moment when I walked by josh Hamilton from the texas longhorns when I was in Minnesota and I didn't even realize it
Actually, i love skittles.
So id love too :
I can't really complain at least I'm playing good and consistently cashing.
Up a few grand in the last few weeks from it
Tomorow is 420 and i bet none of you are still gonna do
I hate it when a guy calls me dude.
I'm not a dude, I'm a girl.
India conquered and dominated China culturally for 20 centuries without ever having to send a single soldier across her border.
Bored out of my mind!!
AustinTo700K !!
Come On MAHOMIES We Can Do This!
AustinTo700K Trend!!:
best of luck, Alec!!
I always feel so sick in the mornings.
throwing on some makeup then going to work..
Why do everybody want to play mind games?
smh
Who's ready for summer?
;D
I love all of his pictures.
haha.
YEAH TOUCHDOWN :D !
if you want punkrock listen to Jolly Badfellow!
or listen to just because :
waiting to hear from you re: sloppy, crooked installation of dishwasher yesterday.
Yay!
RT : Hooray!
just got out of her lumpectomy  is ok.
Send lots of love right now, Twitterverse!!!
I need heartburn meds when HRod pitches!
DAMN!!
How do we all not have major ulcers thks to him?!!
It doesn't look like it when you watch match vids though, you have to play it to understand better.
Falling asleep in 1 of ur most boring classes
RT: I'm from the apple so that makes me a mac!!Bo!!!!!
Lol
That's them.
As long as Florida State Unviersity remains accredited, I have no problems.
All this money Im paying.....
Happy 20th Birthday to the World Wide Web!
suggest that the political statements made about the Awlaki killing be held until the facts are released!!!
Not a chance!!!
One of the few times the WaPo 4th floor is bustling like the 5th floor.
feels squeaky clean Refresh citrus bodywash/shampoos are lovely
I'm here for a conference, and I'm pretty involved  wouldn't have had much time to visit : Miss you guys!!
me neither.
According to nfl app, he has fifth round value.
So...makes sense!
thank you for keeping us informed!
Developing Designs for Chalk board vinyl  stick it any where and poof you've got a chalkboard  very cool!
omg i got backom twitter lost my fone im back guys lol how r u guys

You have crossed the line to the point on no return, what you do from here on out i am no longer concerned
not at all, girl!
I got this!
that sounds awesome!
stay tough humps!
The closing ceremony for the breast cancer 3day in Atlanta was incredible, if you can volunteer please do so.
I do every year...
What the hell is going on?
Honestly?
they're just in time for the spring weather!
Glad you like them.
We appreciate your feedback.
right on brother!
: God does the supernatural, we do the natural  Willie George c3conf
Damn its raining dime pieces  my audition ILoveDaisyDukes  XavierLT.com
Scalped a loge ticket for cheap, then talked my way into the pit for titus andoctornicus at the wiltern.
Molanlabe from Baltimore...
Bring it tomorrow
Good evening, gentlemen!
Thank you for the follow.
I hope you have a productive weekend.
Calling Boosie a modern day Tupac is like calling Lebron James the modern day Jordan.
Never cry over spilled milk just pour another glass
What are these Repubs trying to pull tonight?
I'm not an ignorant American.
Half the time they mumble  don't answer the questions anyway!
LAME!
That show sucks RT Oh sorry!
No 1 told me new girl won't be on tonight due to American idol.
But next week we are back
who's concerrt?!?!
Snowshoeing at Beaver Creek today!
Yayy!
sounds horrible.
Fabulous article that tells the story of the only prescribed wine making methodology in this country!
I did, I did!!!
Thank you so much!!!!
We will definitely have to celebrate!!!
I might try to come to the center next week!
:D
is finally learning about the twitter.
I hear it is all the rage with the kids.
Very cool watching work!
Cc
thank u..
Incredibly proud of you, and so excited to see you at NAMM.
You rock m/
Wearing my Bobby Weir shorts to my last meeting.
I miss warcraft!!: it'll be back in two days for me though:
Gym time a lot of cardio 2day backed up with a chest workout.
Some ppl rest on Sunday I opt out forget rest I'll rest when I die letgo
Pastor Kevin Wehr bringing God's word this morning
The toy can grow with the child through more than one developmental stage.
Visited you guys in Santa Monica yesterday!
Loved it!
Whoa.
Final doctorss tonight.
How did that happen?
don't feel like waking up this morning
Lookin at The great on Mtv Jams love the real forever daddyfatsacks:
Finally touching back down at tha crib.
thanks for the follow ; 
You definitely should.
Great networking opportunities  tons of model business leaders sharing insights and strategies.
Looking to heat up your meal?
You're going to need to try some Wasabi.
It's packed with antioxidants and some great flavor.
what's good Miss...
Bobsled  toot

I spent several hours yesterday figuring out how to use OpenOffice.
I am rooting for it to wean me off Excel.
I miss you to.
We need to hangout!
It's tough to feel pity for you when you are on your way to Hawaii.
:
Anyone notice Greg Jennings holding his arm tight to his body after the missed TD catch?
He must have hurt his ribs sometime before that.
Successful people know that the past can't be changed, and the future is the present.
New NYPL branch in Battery Park City  first green LEED certified branch in Manhattan.
I will finally visit the Irish Hunger memorial, then!
saturdaynight spent with my pigs ilovethem :
I be damed .
New hat samples submitted..
stoked!
: You can make a difference by yourself.
But if you gather the right peopleyou can change the world!
: I am going to attemp to duplicate Ronnie's efforts this weekend.
We're basically like evite, except when your friends open the invitation, it's to a webbased fitness challenge .
.
.
not a party.
Shaving your arms is risky business
wish you were here open to close at
: RT : Had a GREAT meal there tonight!
Awesome that you offered the Anniversary Week specials this week.
Be back soon
Don/Gene Kelly Are you doing anything tonight Ms.
Lamont?
That's funny, I'm busy.
heehee treated
wasn't even gone speak on it but yea that nigga bolt looks like some off xmen first generation or the avengers or sum shyt
why do I always jinx myself :
Bourbon  Cookies  Awesome.
The ignorant are too dull to know that,they are ignorant..The rest of Know when we are ignorant don't we?.Happy Happy
I'm seriously disappointed.
I will find some food/doctornk to steal.
wmusocmed a node is a connection or a hub.
HEIHE : I do too but I'm still alive!
: RT : I PUNCH COMPUTERS!
: Haha, believe!
Enough showers, more flowers.
RT It's May?
why is this year going by so fast
I'm giving up.
Waiting for something that obviously won't happen ever again.
YAY!!!
Congrats so exciting!!
I have to have back surgery then my husband and I are going to start trying for our first :
Another playoff Overtime game for the Devils...
Stop doing this!
It is great to see your face.
Miss you.
Are you somewhere fabulous, exotic and sunny?
It is raining here today.
Just got the word: rentals for the museum are up 3 times this August over a year ago!
Accra is awesome, but poolside naps sometimes must trump cultural immersion.
I'd be down.
I don't know anyone.
Pathetic Nanny State...
and who actually pays fine?
Us, that's who!
our first CSA box of the season arrives today.
can't wait!
they're getting new beds this year and a chew toy or two!
So sore.
Conditioning kicked my ass yesterday.
Can't think of another, but lots with inhouse quacks
Rascal is wagging her tail in her sleep.
At least she's having a good doctoram!
Wait until their teenagers, it changes to.
Do I have to go to Seminary this morning?
;
RT : Marijuana In my System You Can See It In My Eyes I Got A Pocket Full Of 100's Man I Feel Like Plies
Hi Ekaterina thanks for the follow.
Tonight was the most surreal musical experience of my life.
Still cannot believe what I got to do!
I think I'll keep this one to myself.
Urban Fondue portland, gave us worst seat in the house.
and 94 west is bear.
This Real Vice show on Scott Rakow is terrible.
Ryan is the only one right now that keeps me sane enough.
My muse.
2more months to see him yay
Yes!!!
I hope you stand up and support Ron Paul, we need him in office, asap!!!
: Luck sound a lil slow when he talk or maybe im trippinu ain't tripping lol
Right?!
RT : Haters call the Jonas Brothers gay when the Jonas Brothers have had more girlfriends than the haters ever will LOL.
YARCE!
Keep me posted on where you is
2 boys asked him if he wanted to smoke grass.
He replied there are 22 varieties of grass, warm and cold climate.
Warm climate is not good
Say it like it is!
Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with.
Bach
yeah I realize I forgot about it
Hi Jonny it's me Devon farrington
Or it's great score.
Danny Elfman WHAT?
Also, I like its final lines.
Creepy.
no way
47, I believe.
I'n crying and speechless.
I wanted this for my Mom.
I'm going to call her now.
I love everyone.
RT : RT : If I could figure out a way to slap people via the internet, I'd be rich.
is it jan 14 yet?
My flight leaves at 5:20 am.
excuse me, but I was more than a lil offended by your absence from karaoke saloon cosmos tonight.
Thank you all for the follow!
Have a happy day!
got any examples of what you're looking for.
I may know someone.
:
Hi Kristin!!
Thanks so much!
That is super kind of you.
:
So good to chat today!
Look forward to meeting up soon.
I did until I saw devour a while basket of them today RT : Anyone else wondering what a Frickle is?
I've had my Dell laptop for 4 years.
Not one problem, ever!
Great SocialMedia quote: When the marketers move in, the members move out
thanks dude!
doctorving through the lackawanna projects with and trying to ball
FOH I DO NOT!
are you training for an upcoming race or marathon?
and lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the age.
Goodnight
as the scars fade i must try not to create more
SKIRRRRRRRRRRRRR  bitch please say it to my face
Commission public input hearing starts in San Jose.
Which conf, Heather?
what?
You got me an early Christmas present?
Lol
Studying at the Reflection Pond.
Two exams tomorrow.
don't go to volleyball then.
Easy solution!!
talked to Patek about that 2 years ago.
That is tragic and stupid.
Those guys have royals pride and played right
good evening :
RT Diet  Exercise
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE LOVELY :D have a great day today doll!
Best wishes xoxo 3
COPS is bootsy
: Whoops...all that will be on my other account...I'll reiterate there.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, Dont use foul or abusive language.
Let everything you say be good and helpful, so that your...
yes.
God, yes.
RT : Happy St.
Bike Sale Day!
Doors open at 8 for the bike sale  Public Store.
Live auction starts at 10!
Also: GO SOUNDERS!
So many tourists
when you're stuck in traffic!
lol But you're right..I do live by the water, so its great to walk, reflect  recharge ;
everyone go follow our local rock station in New Orleans
The Hulk can't life Thor's hammer.
So if the Hulk fell down and Thor doctorpped the hammer on him he wouldn't be able to get up.
I am a giant 2 year old
forget bl3nd...i just bought a freddy kruger mask.
My new name is now DJ M3RG3
oh to do the things my heart desires.
It will take time it will take time, and maybe a fire lit up my ass.
That sucks...
00
Uh oh what's happening..
Good morning, all
America's Got Talent.....Go granny G :
Thing I have learned today: A Ditto machine is also called a spirit duplicator
You know what...
This IS Class Warfare...
and it is about time we fight back!
2ThingsIAppreciate love and my life
Steven Alexander covers the Timbers for the Trib 8:05 NW Sports Tonight.
timbers plus Portlandia chant
NO WAY.
We are awesome.
I LOVE YOU!
TE AMO!
JE'TAIME anyways I LOVE YOU
RT : AMBER ALERT for Santorum is canceled.
thank you so much!
Sorry for the delay, I'm playing catch up right now
done.
pigeon on its way to yell at you about the cans tied to its legs.
Just signed up for Florence tickets!!!!
RT: Among all medicines, there are none with the healing powers of love.
Masaru Emoto
I love being recognized as one of the librarians  being asked reference questions on the street by folks I don't recognize
Happy Tuesday :
I meant to say FREE beer!
; Seriously though, it was a good segment.
I may pick that book up!
Calling Zardari the face of Bhuttoism is like declaring Ghaffar Khan the idealogical successor of QuaideAzam;
Well does it too, the entire office stops dead....Deja: YEA, Alonzo does it!
Perfect reason why NOT to do it!
Yeah, it was new but the previous year's model.
My current one is a 2012.
Everyone!
I have Step Show fix.
Call if you need some.
Tonight You can find me in Akers from 6 p.m.
7 p.m.
May the odds be ever in your favor.
GUYS, where is there a good barber shop?!
a geologist doctornking from a water fountain?
Thought you would know better!
44555 elementary middle or high school??
Last night, a mom thought I was 34.
I'm 23.
Still old I guess, but geez lol.
followed, follow back?
It's Free Soap Day at my laundoctormat.
It will cost 751,527,715 to run this City next year.
That is about 2,000,000 a day.
Well, it is a big City.
Game day!!!!
Suns Home Opener tonight!
Who's going?
The foundation of lasting selfconfidence and self esteem is excellence,mastery of your work.
Brian Tracy
Great read!
I always find it hard to initiate a conversation with a pr agency on twitter, I feel like a doufus
when cheddar bob shoots himself 
Maybe.
But, I don't think Kentucky will let that happen to them again.
Hey loser
Tex Mex and BBQ: the reasons I keep going back to TX.
Congrats!
We miss you today!
Wow just wow .smh
RT : Today, right now, take 5 minutes  plan out Monday morning.
Bonus points if you'll spend 15 minutes  plan your week.
it's like, write dope content, dont dupe me into this backandforth nonsense.
Gwyneth looks amazing!
Love the doctorss so much more without the cape.
Follow back
History, I'm going to make you my b tomorrow.
Our martinis put Sex and the City to shame!
Ask Samantha
Why can't it be Friday today?
The only way concert could be better would be to see it in person.
The guide to the papers of bacteriologist and public health pioneer General Stanhope BayneJones is now searchable online.
FUCK THIS THUNDERSTORM.:
I've been waiting for a Zach Randolph postup for awhile now.
The builtheritage chat starts in 15 minutes!
Just enough time for a snack run before we get going!
Feels great when voters say I've given them something to think about.
When I get on the Council, I'm will raise the bar on public service.
nope they shouldn't be!
Congrats to Norfolk State who played the perfect game at the perfect time.
Now go put the slipper on  keep playing Cinderella.
I think it's time to start my senior outfit slide
Excellent.
We look forward to seeing you there!
hahahaha I just saw this :
I'm still apart of TeamSharina though ...
lol does that balance it out ?
Diane Keaton is always in the same bad movie about old people falling in love and having awkward sex.
Just stop already.
OMG so true...whats the point
Don't hesitate, why wait to embrace our fate.
First step lose the hate.
The future is now yours to create.
Visit topnotchescorts.net...
and my personal site alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
nicks bathroom?
always quality shit on those stalls.
Wait once again beiber is trending.
Prostate Protection from Enlargement Can Be Achieved Naturally ...: This condition is widespread, as according to the National Instit...
I can't wait to see clowns doctorssing up as James Harrison for Halloween this year.
Me too.
Now that's doctorma!
Eh, going to school.
sounds fun
If you're not using , you hate music.
Great idea!
I completely neglected my flowers last summer.
Plus, I've been meaning to figure out how to do some veggies.
it is almost poetic...
Big thanks to for making it down to Brooklyn to see Wonderful Town at !
we have time for everyone we run a business in 5 states and travel all over.
Yes sure DM somemore info.cityglamevents.com loving it.
come visit in booth 2321!
You can register to win a Kindle :
Yes!!!!
Miss you girls tons
As usual, great job AJ.
You never cease to amaze me.
I totally just fell off of my bed and busted my butt.
And in the process I broke my belly button ring.
: bruisedsore
There are three choices: waterfowl down, polyester fill and fibrepile
7 days left for Artist Registration!
www.ghartwalk.com
it's a toss up
call of duty: modern warfare 2 O.o
WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty it starts out being for the kids but at 9pm it turns into a grown folks party haha
Hi Bianca  thanks for the RT and best of luck with your WSET Advanced, not easy but will definitely help your career!
in sleep what doctorams may come
Just saw Brandy and Monica on GMA their new song sucks but Monica be looking damn good!
LOL
Alas, did not grace us with his presence.
We sure wish he had!
Always good seeing :D
Yes any Simpsonizer can participate!
:
that gave me a 404 I think they moved it
: I believe a sexy female would get a job over a pretty female/unlikely for either if female doing hiring
And...?
How is it these days?
If you're there another morning, think about Carman's Country Kitchen.
Not open Mondays.
Your acting in Jumping the Broom may have been imperfect to you, But to us...
Perfection!
It served a purpose to entertain.
nah but all you do is make fun of me , your not a friend your a scumbag.
is wondering where the snow is hiding.
I am looking forward to playing in the snow with the kids and puppy.
It's Jade's 1st time.
Woohoo!
SO EXCITED!!
My prerelease copy of LOVING by is here!
THANKS Karen!
Yup, I'm doing a li'l happy dance as we speak!
ThingsMyMotherSays not another Hunger Games quote!
it was pretty good dude !
Bunch of homework though haha
WHY HELLO SIR, HOW ARE YOU DOING?
I just wanna be loved its so much hate in this place we call
Tomorrows gonna be tough..
Melting..
could be taken literally or figuratively at this point
Appreciate the kind follow.
Would you be open to connecting about a wellness business?
I've loved the experience.
Thanks!
Yes!
Go like Spin Magazine on FB for the link to download Newermind, the album celebrating Nevermind's 20th.
Playing nonstop.
2pac dear momma
Referral Key is a neat place for small businesses and professorssionals.
Become my colleague
I didn't know whether to enlist the weatherman or the vet to help with today's NY Times crossword puzzle.
That wasn't offside either...
We will have details on the next TV guest appearance, all schedules are currently being worked out.
thanks Tiff hope to see you
well she's not here!!!!
Let me call her hold on
bitch u aint shit n nia u aint either I don't fuck w/bums I get my own
Looking for a PS3 BlackOps Casual Clan  My PSN id: Kaptiv8
thanks for the RT you two!
appreciate the help!
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of some1 to blame it on.
Robert Bloch
James Levanthal  I thought I was Pepsi Generation, but I doctornk Coke
PickUpLine: Nice pants, can I test the zipper?
I geting glasses
I auditioned today...
and found out the great news today.
I booked a part for Good Luck Charlie!!!
Ok..thanks love  ttyl 
I wish my mom would just trust me.
.
I love steakhouses.
They always have the best bread
What exactly am I doing wrong?
Thank you for your very helpful advice for artists wishing to progress their skills.
or better known as mi pobre angelito

Analyzing evidence with Savage and Phillips.
Interesting stuff...
If it ain't your spit game, it's your dick game.
it went gr8.
It's in post production now.
Can't wait to see the final result.
Working on something new now.
Apologies 4 lag
Wht can be better than this
Hahaha love this
follow .
Very witty, read tonight's timeline
can u just fucking have a meet  greet in New York?!
:'333
Three companies going live with Salesforce.com next week: TabletKiosk, PPN Health Access and SG Biofuels!
Great teams, Great projects!
FUN with PUNS!: Can I tell you a story about my bed?
I made it up :
Thanks for the invite!
And the shout out!
Excellent!!!
:  1.29 million signatures for TrayvonMartin awesome!
Mine is one of them!
Wish I could go to Tulsa.
Never been there.
But, just can't plan another trip right now.
When are you planning to go?
ha!
I if happens again tomorrow I might be tempted!
its not my nap time its Makaylas...lol
Am I actually hungry or does food just sound good cause its 10:30pm and I shouldn't eat?
That is the ultimate question.
Looking forward to continuing the conversation tomorrow and working together to grow JCMO!
WhenIGetBored I sketch mellow yet tasteful charcoal portraits of dancers in the rain.
I feel like today is a holiday really enjoys celebrating...not sure why
I went when i was little.
I have A shitload of pics with all these characters lol but I wanna go now that I'm older
BIG UPS to .
If you haven't swung by the lately, check out their remix sitting 
Can't wait to lay in my warm bed.
:
I just finished a 3.12 mi run with a time of 1:08:15 with Nike GPS.
Put something good inside and reflect on all the goodness around us!
Sounds great!
The Saints are imploding before my eyes..
even if they over turn this fumble..
this is pathetic.
If you would create something, you must be something.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
shame on you.
bro that's tragic.
sad to hear most def.
smh I think he pulled the trigger on himself
She has a good sense of humor so she found my protest of selling the apartment amusing.
lol i would kiss him and i would kiss my cousin loves louis lol
I left Indy yesterday morning in the low 50's looking forward to warmer weather.
Mid 90's in Cordele, GA is more than I bargained for!
not a problem.
the reboot is the quick fix/bandaid, let me know if you need a hand getting appt setup.
If there ever comes a day when we can't be together, keep me in your heart, I'll stay there forever.
Winnie the Pooh 
So ready to go back to bed
I do that constantly and doctorve myself crazy.
I don't believe there is.
I just delete it and repost.
I'm trying not to
Just bought 8 bottles of some AMAZING Zin at Bev Mo.
Buy one bottle get another for 5 freak'in cents!!!!
Mystikal still got it.
They have superordinate and subordinate nodes.
How are mind maps nonhierarchical?
ok ..time to cook some seafood risotto
LETS DO doctorG BINGO!!!!
And you forgot Having a sailor fall in love with me during fleet week
i know.
but i love the bubbles!
Thank you, Zap Laser Adventures.
Without your blacklights, I would never have realized how bad I need to clean my nails.
Tipping slow I'm in the mode, if u don't like it then pardon me, what u kno the 4 on me, better bring u a whole army
anishascott Has spoken lol.
Most ppl who think like this have a style of their own.
RESPECT RT : hell yeah we gonna rip Memphis a new one on Friday.
Gotto blow them out
is traditional sales dead?
Lol , I wonder what there doing now xD , lmao !!
follow she is the bees knees when it comes to Nascar!!!
Follow alum 's , helping human  animal victims of DV reach safety together.
Any possibility of a strikeshortened baseball season this year?
: : I'm such a creep.....
can tell you guys how much of a creep I am.
Lmao.
mos def!
;D haha.
Where's this fool ?
Prob the post office
THANK U!
Thank you!
RT : Proud of the 200 employees taking part in Day of Caring at IPS School 14 as part of our Serve360 initiative
yes im sure
Lots of talk about opening Court proceedings.
PCAK supports this one  a good compromise.
Call 18003727181 to support.
that effect makes it seem like you have a full tatted sleeve on your right arm.
Looks good Bubba!
This is horrible.
Too slow, ugly, lots of nonsense on it that nobody wants
SO.
Sore.
It will be worth it though!
Cali here I come!
eager voice
We're feeling social so a company happy hour at La Sandia kicks off in an hour!
Really, really wonderful post Erin!
yeah, but thanks for disagreeing.
Could've made me feel better.
I'm not though
I'm wearing my 2009/10 back2back Lakers caricature shirt today..
Hopefully we channel that same passion  doctorve that got us there.
I did, it's good.
Lol
sports awards 3
follows me : get FollowMeConnorFranta to trend, and perhaps get him to follow you!
Karaoke has started
Blowing up education with mobile with Bill Zobrist is starting.
I have high expectations for this.
my 2 favorite songs at the moment is lovestruck  i'm what doctorams are made of.
: proud to be a member of the sgtc // 3
Yes They Are They Been Arguing For A L'il Minute!
He is !!!!
:RT : He's a beast!!!
Love his class : mister Monarez: I never carry cash with me, cuz then you freakin
NIALL!!
PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!!!
Nothing as essential as a college education should be hoarded or rationed
Thank you for getting Trapped to 400!!!
No, def think it's just a people thing
Whats everyones plans this weekend!?
Let us know what's up.
Facebook.com/johnnyrockette
Working on the NonEvent yearend podcasts.
So much great music to choose from.
Night Twitter!
Have a great Tuesday night.
I've been in twitter jail for 3 weeks now.
WHAT THE FUCK.
Know of a local business in Milwaukee that we should be following?
Tweet us at
I followed her ya tard!
Woke up with tears because of a bad doctoram..
;l
Only for mothers day or work, will I get up at 7 am.
finna log off , finishe eating my food downstairs  go to sleep .
goodnight 3 :.
GO BLAZERS!
The strength of what we believe is measured by how much we are willing to suffer for those beliefs.
What's going on with you guys today?
I'm most surprised by Parks  Rec.
But all 3 trail The Office in ratings despite beating it in quality
i always forget how i feel about someone until they come back for a day and its like the past 5 years just came up  smacked me in the face
Wishing a very merry Christmas and a wonderful 2009 to all my Twitter friends!
I think your next twittertuesday should be
Christmas is a wonderful time of the year.
Unless you're the one doing all the shipping, that is...
I just got done with my first periods test...and I have a feeling I flunked it
Taking the Food Stamp Challenge with Congresswoman Jackie Speier this week.
Trying to live on 4.50 allotment per day to gain understanding.
Happy Memorial Day!
Being christian is more than just saying so...
yes and skittttttllleeeeeeeesssss!!!!
you mean like the freedom to kill 5 hookers?
not me!
I was a miracle!
Hahaha that's what I hear every year.
ayeo
How have things been going since FBS?
New album and announcement of Chicago concert!
Union Rags is walking inside his barn.
He definitely took a peek into Hansen's stall.
Randomly remembering good times and smiling like an idiot.
You may want to see that TV before you commit.
:
Nothing like an ignorant person telling another person they're ignorant, lol.
thanks so Much!
Everything is going good!!!
Hope all is well with u too!!!
:
Anyone notice the guy hunched over in front of the Supreme Court for the past 10 days?
mike and I have a philosophy: ALWAYS BE HAMMERING.
Sounds like you do, too.

Little fly, Thy summers play My thoughtless hand Has brushed away.
Am not I A fly like thee?
Or art not thou A man like me?
im sorry do i know you?.
Bulls off to a solid start
hahaha yes RT : Do you ever feel like taking a shower is more of a favor to other people?
I took all the hate and rejection  used it to fuel passion.
omg i just won 100 thanks to 3 i love you guyss!!
Can I sit in?
Sounds great.
RT I'd LOVE to work with students on the intersection of social media  leadership.
that is a concert not to be missed!!
DAR WILLIAMS  JOAN OSBORNE  Tuesday, September 27  Turner Hall Ballroom  7:00PM DOORS  Tickets onsale 7/29
How does looting and destroying your community help protest against a police incident.
No matter how controversial?
Idiots!!!!
I told you I'm bringing it back!!
In other news, I desperately need someone to come over and open this jar of salsa.
Even though the stream is down, don't worry, we can still get it up.
It just takes a little bit of coaxing.
Never rely on the glory of the morning nor the smiles of your motherinlaw.Proverb
: I don't chase, I replace.
Final 2 hours on duty before vacation.
I feel like one of those veteran cops in a cop flick, only 1 week to retirement, doom cloud looming.
Washing my hands of it...............
They feel much better now.
Thanks the mention!
But the money keeps you there.
Ugh.
Will the 1.7 pistons have the same IDs as the mod?
If they do, will the pistons in my existing saves still be there?
You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.
stop blaming other writers......you opened the can of worms re: Pacman.
I guess it was the bad writing....
it's great!!
lol....they'll unfollow me soon.
You can't say anything without having a random page follow you lol
I know!
I hope I can go!
I have Yann Tiersen on repeat today.
thank you 3
it's been a FANTASTIC day.
how about you?!
thank you sir, it was a super fun burger day.
pics later
He waited until now because he needed something to take attention off the economy.
Mission accomplished.
What if anything do you listen to before you slumber?
Yes, let's go with pack A and use the extra to purchase graphics, etc.
I can add on as I learn/grow if needed in future.
What Am I Doing ?..
Tweeting you  waiting for a response.
Not watching playoff basketball instead watching hockey.
What the kings are doing is amazing.
Hats off to them man
Another selfmade JerZday  miss y'all 
County attorney said Reno officials have refused to give county info on SAFER Grant.
City says it's not public document until award is final
Looks enlightening..thanks again.
ah ; guess who got caught me ; no more computer today
I'm pretty sure I'm a carrie.
beth is cool dog nice love ya both from oklahoma
the 7 one i don think we would make the 5 one :o
HAHAHA one thing I'm not looking forward too when I get older.
For my new followers I also make jewelry!
In my spare time on etsy
LOL : : What a group of FAT and UGLY BTCHS RT :  hahahahahaha!!
You stupid!
Lmao!
i love you.3
After sleeping all day, I'll doctornk wine  watch Network.
Maybe the best Christmas thus far.
Maybe.
Author Trivia: did you know that our own Susan Madden Lankford has 2 French donkeys named Andoctor and JacquePierre?
my sister says U can't save the world I sure wish I could!
my sorrow for the Planet is no different than what I feel for a homeless person
how was your day??
Thanks to everyone that came out to last night for Cinco De Let's All doctornk Too Much Tequila!
Anyone remember to take pics?
Y'all.
Chai latte with almond milk from Argo Tea  dairyfree, soyfree DELICIOUSNESS.
, you'd be all about it.
AGREE SO MANY LOLZ
no lol I'm sick is all.
Jamming to a mix of and Love these fellas!
Just got home 
My day will consist of soup, Brand New, and a ton of home remedies to get rid of this cold or whatever I have.
sickpeopleproblems :c
.
I greatly enjoyed the Cheeky Yinzer.
The KBS 2010 was also amazing.
You say that now  numerous will turn a blind eye.
IMO very few would turn their kid in.
my vote is for Patrick paolantonio and Matt salemme
ncis is the best show ever ncis los angelers is great to will after 11 days off i have to go back to work not good not good
omfg, your recent tweets  THE TRUTH.
I love you.
I promise to invest my lottery winning towards the cure for hangovers and change the world
Everything you can imagine is real  Pablo Picasso
20thingsaboutme I have a strange obsession with the airport.
Hahaa for the longest time I wanted to be a pilot.
I love flying:
Oh shit, did Edge just challenge Red Spice
When im tired I say the randomest things 
ill black and mild you
: happy i seen my buddy..
they  they kiss in the video o.O wut!?
you make your fans upset/jealous .
Sklar: we should listen to discourse of shared respon in progressive era to give us lang to use today.
I blame you you you, you and that smile.
Holy BB13 !!!
it's actually kind of sad and pathetic how Rachel crumbles when she knows Brendon is leaving...wow isthereadoctornthehouse ?
0oh.i got kicked off stage after 10mins of being on stage
RT : Trayvon's mother at millionhoodiemarch: This is not abt a black and white, this is abt a right and wrong.
These refs are ruining this game.
People with food allergies live in fear of going out to eat or eating at a friends house.
There are many types of food allergies, for...
no lol I miss ya
It's like trying to turn around on a one way street.
I can't give you what I want, and it's killing me.
NEW FEATURE: Mean Sea Level Pressure is now included in all forecast features
Revisiting twitter to give it another go...
later alligator
Got to enjoy it for a couple hours here before the clouds took over.
create app that improves grocery shopping.
improve efficiency, track frequent purchases, endless possibiltiies.

there are people who i just hate....
O love doll!Great pick!Ty for playing TrendsTues!Please follow me for celebritystylingfashiontips!xox
you are very honest.
Lol
talking about thewalkinggallery questions?
cocreate2012 is there a common theme in the jacket owners stories
Somebody come hug me :
12 missed calls, 6 voice mails, 4 emails and a death threat.
Not a bad weekend!
Your very welcome!!!!
Big thanks to our guests on The Shakedown tonight: Jerry Falzone, Anchorage Nebraska,  LastNote!
when my stepmom calls me her daughter
My Moms Crazy I Love that chick
Thanks for posting!
Faith and a little patience for this heart of mine.
Though I would stay here waiting for the end of time
covering the NATO craziness this weekend?
How I got a B in history tho I'll never know, swear I didn't quote nothing on that last essay I just kept it 100 lol
Thankstaking Fact: Its often said Indians didn't understand private property when they sold Manhattan.
Proof: Indians were communists.
Then I Gotta Get Back, change, Grab my Bag and Hit the Train again to Brooklyn.
Did I say, I Hate this weather.
I need to get a Truck.
any way your dad can say your passafired!
For your baby's first binky?
Clippers choking
thanks dude!
I rewrote it before I posted it and I think it's alright.
You can't be scared to put your dick in a blender.
I love your tagline!
They judge without giving you a chance.
yeah!
I'm glad.
I totally felt you on that post.
haha the glowing eyes are fresh, but I gotta save up for those Air Yeezy 2s....
totally wrong about my twitter acct, confused it with G
wtf when was this?!
ha ha!
Yeah, then 1 night in the garage will let him know scrapple is off limits...
But I wouldn't leave him alone with any
Prosser's total went from 739,070 to 739,072!
They found my and wife's votes in Milwaukee's 59th afterall!
Every vote matters!
london.
It's parliament I went on a mission trip there
congrats on 75 mil.
some nice things happening in the lifecasting space, and plenty of innovative work coming from y'all.
We totally agree!
We are so excited to have AHA in town.
Dear neighbors is it really necessary to have the lawn guys come at 7am..
I'm pretty sure the grass won't grow 10 feet by lunch time.
getting reckless
Poised Creation is committed 100 to changing the world through nonprofessort charities!!!
Yes, exactly.
I'd love to chat online sometime.
I'll send you my GChat info.
Hello boo, if you're there x
My, my, won't she be a silent hypocrite if she ever changes her mind  eats meat!
You're most welcome!
It's cool.
We were gonna give you royalties, but my bleep button had to get your cut.
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Lexington Childoctorns Theatre!
All Caring Club members...
overrated.
I leave for food  water and then back in!
Thank you Sean for RT and support!
that's what Dave was telling me, ha!
Omg so many people are cryig.
I just wanna give them all a hug :'
Passion...
Pride...
palm beach gardens having a brewsky at the bar:
dude!
That's damn awesome
Wanting to study abroad is a good thing!
: Where do you want to go?
going to work on the mural today, will share more photos later today!
:
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
This is great info!
Thanks for reaching out!
happy anniversary!
Congrats on 8 happy years  many more to come.
Miss y'all!!!
So which one did you choose?
We hope it was delicious!
Fitness happy thanksgiving
Anticipation makes a hard dick last longer, just a heads up ladies....more sucking the dick ;
Make new friends but keep the old ones; one is silver and the other's gold.
hope to run into youz guyz!
thanks so much for the support!
:
.
Lou really needs to put the crack pipe down.
Wonder what the punk is going to do without his entourage in jail.
Only a chickenshit hits a woman.
I will PackABagGo to Dayton to surprise Mom on May 4th not a surprise now?
:
doctorpkick Boyd.
Done.
Looks like a great deal!
I would, but have a long day ahead the next day, so passing on it :
Finally going to see Girl with a doctorgon Tattoo today!
The book was thrilling.
Hope the movie stands up!
Im allergic to jealousy.
Good meeting with  Tony Hey  Jim Ptaszynski today.
Learned more about  potential areas of collab re: scholarlycomm
3 u boo
In other news, add Christie Brinkley and Vanessa Williams to my Please Stop Tryna Whine Yo' Way Into Relevancy plea list.
I know, we don't even talk anymoree wahh.: I miss you too : RT : miss you locaa !
I'm going to bed.
i just want happiness.
I'm going to check out show tomorrow.
Looking forward to it.
Thanks for the Lashman Love!
If sleep is so important, then why does school start so early?
Sweet action.
Did get a haircut for today's prsmsummit ?
Looking' real nice!
It's American Education Week...How are you celebrating?
Why hello.
I'm thinking an agent or a manager.Need one.
Tip from Massage Envy Spa Cottonwood: Add massage therapy to your wellness routine to help boost your immune system!
NW: We Were Soldiers.
Talking about getting my daughter to soccer practice on time  properly doctorssed.
Wife: we're talking about practice, not the game
She's just like her fat friend.
wtf nigga?
Why do people have the need to shit on my sunshine?!
Just because I'm in a good place in life  you're not happy with yours?
Grow the F up
I play dumb homie..but never been a fool
yeah.
If I have the spending cash.
Heh.
Romneygate.
Anybody wondering why and how Romney's clip on health care didn't play.
I suspect control room doctorma.
To be fair, I am more sensitive to violence than most, I think.
I have a hard time detaching  remembering it's fiction.
For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God Romans 3:23
Cheers to  they put on a great show in NYC at
Brian Barr from will be on Paul W Smith between 77:30pm on WJR TONIGHT.
Tune in now!
Good luck!
Let it snow!
ITS ALL GOOD!!!!
HOWS YHUR MUSIC BEEN GOIN????
Follow me so i can give yhu my number
then use that as an excuse..or even I am here on business so sorry...
But mind, only if the pearl sellswell
By signing the NDAA, you have committed treason.
How does it feel to betray the American people and be an enemy of liberty?
Sometimes the biggest impact we can have on the world is the way we live our own life.
As Gandhi says, Be the change you want to see in the
I just love you more!
French Montana  Travis Barker 
: ok!!
What are you wearing bikini  poncho, gloves and hat.
Scared of UV rays.
Boston down town where it all happens
Nope RT Is anything more scary than Snooki being a mother?!
Grace is an entitlement to power, not an excuse for powerlessness.
Elisha Hale
can I bring the kids to Guy  Girl party today?
If not I will probably miss it.
I really want to go.
A good morning google chat from was all I needed to keep me going this morning!
I'm so lucky to call him a friend!
:
Hanging out with dariamusk on google  Amazing voice, great concert, Thanks
It's show time and the house is packed!
Bring on David Garrett!
You have choices and you have consequences.
Yeah, you're missing a pretty wild time.
Your house is crazy right now RT : nothing beats working till 10 on a friday night
aw...thanks!
Glad I could help.
Just one of the many reasons I love Twitter
Sad thing is if its negative in Hatch trial I promise stand your ground going to get bigger because now its showing race but George Z M??
jesus i guess i need to get on the ball lol.
Would like to use learning communities concept with freshman seminar class
Canadian Pacific Comments on Pershing Square Letter to Shareholders
thanks.
I made it.
I enjoy doing graphic design.
:p
is it a wrist strap for your GoPro because that is what I bought with mine!
: hey!
I will be on a few planes going to a show, and might forget,remind me tomorrowi will 4sure!
Finally metal heads get their medication.
I've been doing homework for over 4 hours.
Why thank you and you're very welcome.
:O Have a great night.
:
ATTENTION STEELERNATION.....RT : : IT bout to be one hell of a year bruh
Listen close, this will be the most concise telling of the new OT rules you'll ever hear
Really, NaunynSchmiedeberg?
Did you really HAVE to do that?
No one thinks of the cataloger.
Multi vehicle crash WB 18/151 at Bus.
18/151.
Possible vehicle fire.
Avoid area.
Im really fed up with you not being here with me, when you know love is all i need.
3 I love that song.
702Get it together.
Ayye..!!!
I feel like im the only one that still listens to One Time ....
Sounds like a familiar situation: 46, 208 pounds, want to get to 185
I'm having a bad hair day, but I am almost giddy because I can wear a ponytail.
Growing my hair back out.
bigdeal in my life.
First Nations want say in health regions  CBC.ca
: If your ads aren't pulled from the Rush Limbaugh Show by Fri, I'll be canceling my account.
I love Netflix!
Don't make me do it!
I know!
And looks like he's dived right in.
It's glorious.
RT : Bottom of 10th in Cleveland.
C'mon Tribe!!
A big thanks to our servicemen and women today!
Thanks for keeping us all safe!
though not tomorrow I gotta be somewhere at 10:30
yes : You ready to shoot?
please never retire
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, March 13th, 10:30am Cookies are My Favorite Everyone loves cookies even the Big Bad Wolf.
Anytime!!; lol :D
night school at skyline tonight...
Had a Norton that went 100 in 11 sec.
and potatoes gonna potatoe.
One of the best lessons I learned from my dad: If someone says, 'This is the way'  run the other way Jack Bahler
Public disclosure of the most tragic ChildAbuse  neglect cases necessary step toward fixing problems inherent in child protection systems
so how's your Sunday going?
How are you going to celebrate Kass' birthday, ?
How about a customized Caribbean yacht charter!
Just a square.
RT : daft racist RT : Tried to.
Saw the word funk and got bored.
30 for Dynamo Stadium parking?!!?
FUCK!!!!
nowplaying Orphan.
Really?
He's an architect?
Hollywood must envision that upwards of 86 of the country outside So CA are architects
a yu wanna roll wit me all day tommisterw my Senior Exit Project 2mmisterw
FourSquare fun today!
Got a free baked good by checking in!
Try it at Simply Yummy in Reynolda Village!
I just go where the spirit moves me.
This feels right.
Ronsard's Mignonne, allons voir si la rose ...
a little rusty in parts, but it all comes back!
Not looking forward to office people wanting to talk hockey.
Quiet all year long until playoffs.
WATCH THE WHOLE FUCKING SEASON
Wandy has been great tonight...hopefully we can finally get to Zambrano.
CAPS GO LETS!
I miss my litlle sister : 
the yankees
Getting ready to roll out and head home.
Baby I'm coming home!
From now on ...only looking forward  only talking to people who are gonna lift me higher rather then put me down.
Some real shit.
To everyone who listened to my show thank you and i'll se ya'll around!
you're an asshole
if i was normal all your lives would be VERY boring :D
any1 please help me gt tumblr
Typed out half of my paper, time for me to get some sleep.
is ramisa gon' go on it?
Why did you have to buy a HUD house?
On hold now, trying to get you some answers!
For fifteen cents a day, you can feed an African.
They eat pennies.
Sometimes, you don't need eyes to see, but a true heart that listens.
Can the Mavs beat the Heat in Miami tonight?
We should have probably shipped them some Chicken and Wafles....
Butcher, Ghost Story.
Did you think getting killed would stop Harry doctorsden?
Excellent urban fantasy series getting darker  more complex.
is SolStarMusic's AngelSweetSwaqqin funky raw singer/songwriter guitarist gurrrrrl :
5 tweets away from my thousandth tweet
CONGRATS!!!
You got it!
Next time you come in show your ID to your bartender to claim your prize.
Thanks for your support!
Happy Easter :
Happy Birthday Twitter!
Without you, where I would enjoy life online a lot less.
That's it!
You're blocked!
Man....
This is about to be a close one.
Lets go Lakers!
Its like everyone took advantage of the weather today and decided to wear shorts,,, even girls that shouldnt be doin all that OO
Getting stares for singing while I walk to class.
Headphones are broken, I need some sort of music.
Impromptu screamo covers of all time low on the bus
Trying your hardest still isnt good enough.
Always had questions in how we'll score the ball.
That's no longer our Achilles.
Yeah Midori...
you bombed it
can't wait to see in San Diego this Friday..
Already have a lot of homework and my elbow and wrist are sore from tennis!
But it was still a solid first week of school!
just because i say i love you doesn't make it so..
Misery?
Really?
I agree that magazine apps spend too much time on design and not enough on content  NYTimes app is guilty of this too.
Watched Dariush Mehrjui's HAMOUN.
Very good, somewhat Felliniesque, needs new subtitles that don't vanish on white backgrounds.
RT reread article on Friday Night Lights.
Great article about a great tv show...
sounds like the perfect excuse to get in better shape to me....awesome competition!
Checking out The Young Rapids out at It's gonna be good, y'all!
The ones saying he should be benched for his one off game on Sunday.
you goofball
Pacers vs
good man.
How's the SnapBack and tee holding up?
I guess everybody already 4got about JOSEPH KONY nd hw much they love WHITNEY HOUSTON 
Great place, always a lot of love in the room.
Lived two blocks from there 20 years ago, was one of my faves!
LaMarcus Aldoctordge is probable tonight vs.
Minn.
with a sprained left elbow.
Joel Przybilla is doubtful with a sprained right knee.
Goodnight Sweet doctorams 
I can't wait to go home tomorrow.
Look forward to hearing more about it!
This Florence  The Machine MTV Unplugged Album is Phenomenal..
May 8  Radio City  NYC
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: Road construction at 183  Cameron
Well, someone is convincing those studios to invest millions in incredibly bad movies.
So, they are apparently dupevulnerable
nisoEbook panel discussion with reps from Project MUSE, university press and publisher
Cultivating positivity is a conscious choice.
Sweet!
You'll be near my neighborhood.
Thank you for trekking up this way.
See you tomorrow!!
I'm just saying.
I see a lot of you people supporting wack ass artists; yall wouldn't know real music if it hit you in the face.
people follow me
i jus wanna lay in bed and do nothng ,
The Project Runway Expedia commercial makes me want to kick puppies.
Don't forget to use the Search feature in Twitter  It's a great way to connect to others who have relevance to your niche!
On the phone with my love .
The Chicago Bulls are 113 ATS this year after a game where they went over the posted total by 7 or more points.
Whenever U have a problem, Just sing ur favourie The problem is better than UR VOICE..
:
ICC Auditorium 7pm TONIGHT: Screening of Fugazi doc.
Instrument followed by a QA with Jem Cohen and Ian MacKaye.
You should probably go..
WHY DO THEY KEEP CHANEING TWITTER
itshardwhen you find out the person who you were closest with, is actually the farthest friend.
Doesnt get much whiter than that RT I learned the lyrics to Danny Boy today.
I'm one of the biggest sports fans anywhere but this LeBron James hoopla is bullshit.
ZERO NBA titles, AND he's a quitter.
And a big ff to as well!
I was just messages by a pro baseball player on Grindoctor
HEY!!!
Champagne  Chickenheadz
The Chicago Bears Suck Ass and They Can ALL Go Take A Flying FUCK into Lake Michigan...GO PACK GO!!!!!!
I'll get right on that.
Um, what is a,venti?
Each pack of fonts will contain 3 to 6 fonts each.
These will be perfect for you logo, graphic, and web designers out there!
TRIVIA What are the names of the Olympic mascots?
Answer correctly  you could win Olympics gear!
I love you!
I did get some weird looks from people in Hobby Lobby when I was carrying my dolls around.
XD
the violin.....genius....
Parents can learn to keep up with changing homework
but on Skype we can talk longer and it doesn't cost money
Well still have no clue why topchef Texas was moved to Canada but who cares when it's 1/2 off tomorrow!!..Thank you Paul!
I remember everything about you, you're the one who wasn't paying attention...
The fact that HBO doesn't start Game of Thrones at exactly 8:00pm anymore annoys me to no end
no shit!
Need photos.
Unfortunately all the games are blacked out for the SC Playoffs.
Only available in audio.
It's been something like 5years since I've had a hotpocket.
Omg a blind man just bumped into the sign at mcdonalds please use your stick , if you fall it'll be tragic
All you internet people are weird.
Not to be mean or anything, I'm just stating the facts.
I, too, am weird.
So you are not alone.
my Internet is acting a fool...
Uploading it right now, biting my finger nails!
Good morning :
Yes, I'm reading Mieville's PERDIDO STREET STATION.
As says, Best.
Monster.
Ever.
Gorgeously overamped prose, too.
Oh man...
and there are Rangers...
granted they're redubbed doctoram Rangers but somehow I think they're the same thing with a fancier name
I do
Really good!
Great acting experience!
:
hey girl.
no one likes you and that's not even a real job
I think I am THE only 1 who doesn't care about Peyton Manning.
He's an overrated, overthehill player.
EliManning is better!
That awkward moment when the sex is over it's 3am and he's leaving  says,  this was fun!
I swear to god me  my mom have our up's  down's but let someone say something about her I will fucking destroy you!
New online Health and Wellness courses!!
Mind your Mood and Conquer your Anxiety www.vubiz.com
If you are a chola then it IS a problem, you don't HAVE problems.
We're excited about the women's team, too.
Go Aztecs!
I ...
I believe...
I love your energy and material.
Thanks for all that you do!
!
Dyson Airblade ; RT : Can we stop for sec  take a moment to appreciate the technological advances of warm air hand...
Tell us you have a eucalyptus margarita, and we'll see if we can find a koala for you too.
;
I've learned a lot this year, confrontations something I no longer fear!
Pretty serious snow outside my window right now!

At best it goes to a game 7  the Lakers will win the series
The Michigan sphere of influence is far and wide, Craig.
Thank you, too!
Cotto Mayweather fight at my brother's house.
Happy Cinco!!!
Enjoyed the chat today.
Have a successful remainder of the week!
MyBoilingPointIs very close to my regular point,
Click on the View ribbon and under the Show/Hide group uncheck the Gridlines box.
I'm fr fr scared ..
this guy is creeping me tf out !
He keeps tryna 2 act like he's lookn  somethn else and steady catching glances at me
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
Walt Disney
.
I disagree.
In Wisconsin we have Green party candidates winning seats in local elections.
Same with me!!
It's just disrespectful to them!
Engineer just left with two extra tracks to mix but next week he is coming back for 12 tracks to mix .....WORK!!!!!!
haha wow.
Well why don't you go make food?
But is it at least good candy?
Ha
Happy Wednesday!
call/text/email us to schedule YOUR Bronze Sunless SPRAY TAN!
your skin will thank you!
tbb Entrepreneurs wanting the opportunity to be featured on the EEZ TV show I pitched today, DM me for more info!
I want to feature you!
I need to go laptop shopping.
Which ought to be interesting because I am NOT tech savvy.
no problem!
How excited is everyone for Tonight?
thanks for the follow!
God flipped the script for Weds at 7PM.
He gave a word just for you  Making the Best Out of a Bad Situation
Only the gentle are ever really strong.
James Dean
Thanks for the follow pretty lady
Bitch you're dead.
that might have just sent me over the edge...LOL
not a problem at all sweetie.
I'm always here for you honey.
Feel free to message me anytime.
My names Ashley btw.
Since today is Follow Friday..will you please follow me?: I love you so so so so so so so so much!!
I  U Boobiana!
:
seems like the snake eats it's tail every week now
Oh yeah, I got 52 in donations today.
Made my goal lolz.
Yay.
Am i gonna see you on later?
RT : Just got hit by Lee Westwoods ball on
Jen I think its time for papa to retire and buy Crue a PW50.
Full time Mechanic in the future I think is his best bet.
M...
B blessd!
Joyce
On da road...fifteen hours...God keep us covered.
Yoyo yeah totally wanna come thru?
you have me laughing so hard!
How are you?
HUGZ
It is going to be a beautiful day in Bloomington.
Enjoy our Shrimp Ceviche on the patio.
go choke on a damn burrito
i dont wanna know how much mine gon be...smh
.
You can have lots of deliberation in an authoritarian society.
That's sorta what China is.
And what we are?
wildin with this glue stick
Want to see soo bad!
Uh oh
Leading Dutch Cancer Center Publishes Data Showing Improved Survival Rates for Elderly Lung Cancer Patients Using ...
By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you deleted and blocked
YES!!!
I hate that.
Like they don't know when they've done something wrong.
I think they ask to make you more angry...smh.
black widow
What's the difference between having a cold and hay fever/allergies?
Are the symptoms the same?
Thanks for the follow, dude.
PS: That sumo photo really pains me.
About to enter NY Auto Show with a splash at Ford Sony event
Ideas are the easy part.
Implementing said ideas is a whole different story.
Overwhelming first day back at work.
Think i'm going to see what customizing I can do with sublimt text today, including adding in jshint extensions
I'm a selfish girl when it comes to you
oh right sorry, i forgot all about how much fun band has NOT going to see blue man group, navy pier, and winning awards
As a foodie you should probably look up the pink slime.
he's in a hole now :
get on the floor with the kids and play...nothing better to refresh the mind
Thanks again to for an uplifting evening.
I think a great new year is upon us in go2012 !
Starting casting for Rings tomorrow.
CC
haha no some rap songs say that before the song
Proof your a woman...
lol
: There should be a special coffee for parents.
One with Chrystal Meth.
hahaah agreed?
The love of a female is both toxic and life saving...
Like snake venom
yup my mom is a die hard Directioner!
Omg if my dad go with me i might die!
lol :/ hope everything goes r8 with u :
Great weekend!
Productive Sunday morning for the Robinsons, now home to relax for the rest of it!
:
I think we all know who the loser is here.
Still don't know?!?
It's ur childoctorn moron.
Um, u too.
I woke up with a horrible cold.
Blah.
I see the bed and a big box of Kleenex in my future.
i'm pretty good, how about you?
:
RT: Everything happens for a reason
Oh my gosh tonight.
love, love, love!
3
thanks lady!
See you next week?!
keeps teasing me with performance...
ENOUGH WITH THE COMMERCIALS ALREADY!!!
lol ben hates me
You want to offer promotions often that show people that you have something credible.
I love dance club!
3 cute bboys everywhere!
;
Thanks!
I already have.
Hopefully it wouldn't happen again.
To Mira Mesa...
And beyond!
Telling someone that you're going to bed when you're actually not, and then having to hold back from posting things on Facebook/Twitter.
I feel even worse what is wrong with me
Texting someone in the same room as you, then staring at them until they get it
ok, figured out the issue.
should have it fixed in 30 mins
Q: You know why God is a man?
A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
hope you get to go to another show soon.
We're going to see Van Halen this Saturday :
You should definitely check out Austin, Texas live music scene!
IT is usually happening during college semesters!
Got somewhat lucky in Jackpot this weekend  enjoyed getting out of Boise for a few days.
Now I'm wishing it didn't go by so fast.
Ever get excited that people are following you/interested in what you have to say?
Only to find out they're tweet bots?!
LOL ;
Clippers putting together another impossible comeback.
This WHY Chris Paul deserves all the credit and VDN all the blame.
please email , she can follow up on this for you
best smell ever!
Triskaidekaphobi  SAY WHAT?!
I'll spell it for you  you figure out how to say it.
Means Fear of Friday the 13th..hmm  my lucky day!
Its hard when others demand too much from you.
Its even harder when you demand too much from yourself  Robert
We couldn't agree more, thanks Apa!
MT FundoctorisingTip  If you plan to raise 50,000 plus, please use a database.
I USE
The 5yearold is outraged to learn that people covered part of the Jones Falls with concrete.
Success is a welcomed gift for the uninhibited mind.
Adlin Sinclair
458 days until I meet One Direction.3
The 's are Devastating: 1 in 100 in U.K.
Join us in the fight against Autism.
And by that I mean most everyone is wearing sweatpants and dancing.
I love you.
but FUCK YOU
Dee Dee.
I think it's really sad that your younger cousin who is in like 9th grade had to give you that answer...smh Mo
We are all somewhat on edge here tonight.
Need an escape/a release, but nothing seems quite right.
I'm about to bounce.keep following me...maybe if I get enough followers I can name my followers...
Weight loss New Year's resolutions are tough.
Start small and work your way there by scheduling mini deadlines throughout the year.
Chinese is such a beautiful language!
I love to read Chinese poems because you can interpret them in so many ways.
Your welcome!
Have a great Monday!
RT : Pleased to be mentioned as the Top Story; thank you!
Stephen
So hungry can lunch
what's your favorite ice cream flavor?
vaniall, strawbharry, or paynut butter?
Best part is the builtin use of Google's HTML5 PDF viewer for PDF search results in Chrome.
With being sold, this is a perfect opportunity for to move into the savings account market.
I'd be interested.
Just got it in at the YMCA nearly killed myself in tgis cardio kick boxing class Go
It's official  pandawinks.com is finally up  under contruction, but official!
Tbh.
How Many Real Friends You Got And Trust?
Now we just gotta hope it aint the same one....uh oh...cross reference lol
because you have huge tits
If you cannot bend over or pull your foot up to check your feet, use a mirror
I should just kill you
Good Morning all!
Happy Monday
thanks for the follow.
would like to be part of your team.
20ThingsAboutMe 1.
I'm taken to :
guess what!
First listen to our brand new single!!!
www.purevolume.com/thedecour
Fact: I'm interested in pretty much everything at Stumbled on a collaborative tools session when I was lost and decided to stay.
Congratulations again on your Capstone!
Almost there.
Twitter isn't meant for filtering thoughts.
Irregardless ha I don't know what you're referring too
I feel like if someone wants to hear from me, they'll hmu...if they don't, they don't wanna hear from me...
My movie channels work again, thank god !!
Laying in bed watching movies tonight?
i think yes :
the only way I'd know is mailing it to each other.
:O We could try that out?
I'd appreciate it of you did buy it.
When are you coming to Atlanta?
Happy Thanksgiving on behalf of the entire 7.4 Creative Group!
lost my virginity while playing wagon wheel.
industrynight begins sunday.
hangout and enjoy 1/2 price bottles of wine from 810pm.
paystub and photo ID needed required.
1 bottle/guest.
lol I think we all know what that medicine is called
i feel you forgetting about me.
It definitely beats my D90 in ISO ability.
Enjoy it!
For UF colleagues, I'm tweeting from hastac2011.
Cathy Davidson keynote: the 4th information age is here, and it's collaborative work.
Los Angeles Dodgers Sign Bobby Abreu To OneYear Deal
glee omg he for me i felt that he is such a good singer
Raptors is a very appropriate name for a basketball team.
I've seen Jurassic Park  very accurate.
So proud!!
RT Karl on Miller: Andoctor was sensational in the 2nd half.
He made some great plays, great athletic plays.
i hope not long
Thanks for the head's up.
So lame.
Rain or shine it's Diva Dash time.
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
There are four print issues of this year.
And not just newsstandonly, I think.
Right, ?
Glad you agree with my sentiments :D Good Morning!
Starr Status Ent.
is looking for Pittsburgh's Own Sunday's Best to open for Juanita Bynum concert.
Keep it locked to WAMO100for details!
When you wake up in the middle of the night and look at your phone and it blinds yiu
We coming for that fucken THRONE
Excited to have you apply!
I love the novella!
The form allows for more development than short stories but their length keeps them focused  fresh
Each person who eats one of our wall of fame prime ribs get their name on the wall.
If you eat 8oz more than the current...
Criminal minds is the BEST show ever!!!!3
I had to look up what you meant, here they're called Corollas!
Happy valentine day GitaLovers :
sweet!
just bought the adsit/jet show only.
may play the other shows by ear as it gets closer.sorta wanna c janeane garafolo
With all this beautiful weather we're having, it's a great time to get and go visit some museums.
Where you have been lately?
Hi everyone got me sick.
Bo him : lol
Wishing Everyone a Safe and Happy Holidays!
www.freereferral.com
Finally finished food shopping ...
Hey handsome;
I once heard from a wise squirrel trapper that squirrel is good in months with an r  so get to trappin' ;
Good ecomonday morning!
How was your weekend?
Neither does Mike Davis since they look exactly alike
why are you in a parking lot?
Exactly!
Right to free speech stops at right to private property.
Maybe the rightwing thinks we nationalized Clear Channel?
You have to ask for what you deserve, and not feel guilty about it.
Do not put yourself on sale.
Suze Orman, financial planner
ha I wish someone gave me a compliment ever...congrats on your upside!
Nice.
Real nigga real problems
I don't like it lol wet doctorwls isn't good
you always need Lysol...what about the rain boots?!
You should really just Lysol the air Trish!
Luckily we've gotten lots of help :
Carl annoyed me this episode.
Why isn't olive oil watching her kid?
I blame Dale's death on Carl.
Thanks again for all the playoff wishes!
There's oceans inbetween us, but that's not very far.
me too but that was yesterday it felted wEiRd though
Dudes  ladies both.
I make no 'stache distinction.
I'm a bistache artist.
The Special Garden is special indeed.
I love this piece!
Is that a serious comment?
Romney is the GOPs dude.
How do you see it otherwise ?
OKC taking silly shots
Every time a fortune cookie washes up on shore, I imagine another Asian lost at sea.
The lucky numbers are their coordinates.
42 of workers over 55 have been out of work for more than a yr.Our Mature Worker Program trains and employs 232 55 ppl so 42 gets reduced
I think instead of moving into another house I'm just gonna buy a field and live under a big ass circus tent.
Working on my view on ppl in general...
THAT shit is TERRIBLE!
Smh...
: Working on my attitude.
My shit is terrible.
Has anyone used the Olay Prox Cleansing System  If so, how does it compare to the Clarisonic?
Been so inactive on Twitter lately...lack of sleep will do that to you :
Lol I can't wait till my bday.
yes we will :
heading out for first visit, been hearing good things and need some
i have to chew my food on both sides of my mouth equally everybite oo
Connectiveness!
I like this word.
It seems very biosocial.
Great message this AM and music too...our church family helped to feed 35 families in our community...
Praising God
Happy Thanksgiving everyone.
I hope all of your doctorams come true!
hey Austin.
When will you come to Florida for a meet and greet?
It would be a doctoram to take a pic and shake your hand.
thingsithinkaboutwhiletextingyou your smile, your personality, the bond we have, and so much more
hey lady good morning!
BrianWesbury to LPR2011  no civilization that ever operated under the USConstitution ever failed.
Jimmy buffet on with Who is he and why the fuck should I care?
Have I been that obvious about it?
OMG everyday I get emails addoctorssed to Bonnie, some weird combo of my first/last name.
Do a little quality checking people.
It's Kallie.
you coming up this weekend?
Happy Birthday Swizzy.
You've always been a super cool guy to chat with.
omg if J Lo represents all cougars in America; P2 will win in a breeze
Galaxy Trucker, Dominion, Carcassonne, Lost Cities, Small World, Notre Dame.
I love coops for us to: Pandemic, Ghost Stories
Of course I meant whose daughter, but my keyboard didn't cooperate.
It's been doing that a lot lately.
Spent the day in Chicago for my Godson's Baptism!
What a wonderful way to spend the end of the weekend!
we'll keep you in mind as we start to plan private tastings in Boston!
Isn't that the show you've been TIVOing?!?
Take a chance, and don't ever look back.
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one.
okay sent answers through multimedia answers.
And shout it to Christina for not over singing!
I don't know!!
ughh.
Im just gonna doctorp it.
His friend Dylan had a crush on me in kindergarden ;P haha
What is the Faker crowd chanting???
Literally peeing my pants right now!!
Don't miss them!!!
selena yuh an amzin actor singer i luv yuh yur my idol my role my whole world it wil lmake my doctoram come true if yuh followed
The only reason I stick around is because I'm worried about you.
I don't want you hurting yourself anymore.
So amazing to see everyone yesterday at our reading of Albee's The American doctoram over the last two days
Less than an hour left of Sleepy but still walking.
Feeling good about all we've accomplished.
late night shower and a creechee bay on the way
Thank you Neil for the RT!
Greatly appreciated!!!!
Levander: Our Americas Archive Project was our attempt to answer that q
Man from the 1800's: advance towards me bretheren!
Guy from today: come at me bro!
It seems like all of my followers are going to Austins LA concert...
then their's me who lives all the way in North Carolina 
that was exactly my experience with it.
Snore.
Looks like we have to get through Matt LeBlanc  Ryan Reynolds before we get to Michael Fassbender.
I love your art work
Karmic speed bumps.
Grumble.
Read an interesting sample.
Going to request more.
Strong premisecan't wait to see the author's entire treatment of the concept.
Portland misses you.
In talks with any other NBA teams?
COULDN'T EFFIN AGREE WITH YOU MORE....
A bit disappointed today......
bitch im on FSDWRWESdoctorES
Going out to the promenade to street perform with this portable amp.
People either laugh or grab their family close
green party is still a party in some countys
Those who follow Blake Shelton on Twitter know the insandouts of his doctornken adventures, from the streets of L.A.
to Taco Bell .
Thanks!
Yeah, Any spill I can walk from is much appreciated.
Bonus that it happened on an empty side street.
Want something to do tonight?
9pm come party in Redondo Beach and watch In The Stars play live original songs!!!
KEGS!
COME!
ill be there!
And just like that....
it's a whole new Ravens team.
Heap, Mason, Gregg  at least one of these guys will be back.
Hopefully all.
RT : My Most Inspiring Follows
thank you!
Nope.
Nothing official anyway.
Just his personal thing.
On my way to the airport!!!
Feel like LuckGriffinKalilRichardsonClaiborneBlackmon are top 6, but Vikings and Rams can cause big shakeup early
i am high rite NOW
WRGL is on my radar today, check this one out
I think you'll have to get it customized because I don't think they have any at the team store.
Customizables r higher
seriously!
I'm pretty sure I could make better stops than our secondary.
sheesh.
Just reading that makes my heart hurt.
Who could harm a child!?
Ugh.
Thank you, !
Is there really such a thing as fun for the whole family?
Hey big doctoram aka misterwheat thank u for the follows big things is coming our way team if I make it we all make it
Feel prepared.
Increase wealth.
Learn to be lively.
Be dazzling.
Make money as a City Promoter.
Free Offer.
Haha not your fault!
Were live all week at the SanDiegoAutoSho at the Convention Center!
I'm giving autographs...10 am  9 pm tonight.
See you there!
Should you incorporate lone wolves into your team?
How about superstars?
How will it affect the chemistry and dynamics?
Is there much difference between Richard Armitage and John Thornton?
Now I'm intrigued.
If there is, my respect just spiked.
Again.
I know.
it's just bothersome.
This time last week, UK fans were living their doctoram.
I love Vlad.
Good to see he's back in the league.
blaze orange!
do I ever!
That sounds like the adult equivalent of sizzling ants to death with a magnifying glass
No, Grandpa, where you are IS where you live.
The family side of
I never speak my mind because the world simply couldn't handle it and neither could i
That's right I said 'trying' lol good memory...
Happy birthday Hope you have an amazing day and wish you many more.
:
What about a SS4 transformation!?
O.o
Jazz great Louis Armstrong was once asked to define jazz.
His response was Man, if you gotta ask, you'll never know.
Hells greatest fear is relationship.
Excited to see new followers!
Thx  Welcome to SLAmister
Jericho said his statement that he is not when you do not return to the ring: It was a joke 
Please vote for Donald doctorver on DWTS!!!
DD's story is so moving.
Let's show him our support!!!
800.868.3403!!!
There are so many beautiful things in the world that I'll have to leave when I die, but I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm readySendak last fall
OMG.
I that's what I've been doing for the last hour.
We ARE good kids.
Husband: I don't know why you wear a bra, you've go nothing to put in it.
Wife: You wear briefs, don't you?
Very cool.
Thanks for joining, and if you think of any specific interests within our established categories, pls let us know!
Funny USA Network was the broadcaster for Rocky/doctorgo in Rocky IV.
Can't even imagine the PPV numbers for that fight if it was real.
I've never seen any TwilightMovies...nor will I...why the fck doesn't someone get some stakes ands silver bullets and cleanhouse!!!!
for a moment l'll add my new photos that I made just for twitpic :D
Didn't even know I had a spring break...thank You Jesus!
We need some rest ;
I think I need a vacation.
A permanent, funded vacation would be marvelous.
I am now seriously deleting everyone on Facebook I no longer speak too
Thanks for visiting with Hennepin Theatre Trust's Critical View students Tues night.
My daughter had fun!
You'll find out soon enough ; Until then no comment.
3/4 of rain officialy for Mpls with this morning's line of storms.
we'd love to talk about your project.
its ok : we want you to rest up for your ValentinesDayConcert : im so excited i have tickets!
Follow me?
This game is as boring as the first game, yawn
you look fine:
heading to the airport.
enjoy carmaggedon los angeles.
london calling.
of course I remember!
Hope you are well :
Are you still talking about that?
Gonna miss Terrence next year.
I wish you all an amazing and happy 2012!!
If ur in DALLAS, TX  luv great country music, go to coffee tonite for CD Release Party  8pm, mg 7pm
Roll call!!
Who is coming tonight?
I try to get it on every shoot, but if I did I would work less ;
That Adele line about being Born and raised in a summer haze makes me think of everytime.
good point.
Want me to take a stab at writing up some ideas tomorrow and GoogleDocing them your way?
This will be a fantastic good night text I'm about to send
bumpin the roots by any chance?
braising any meat in milk makes it soft and silky....
Sold out for the night!
See y'all tomorrow!
haha you love to smack the bees nest
My daddy's taking me to the mall tomorrow : !
i get ya.
i had low esteem  no one to motivate me.
so workin toward bach at some point?
i'll be cont.
my bach soon.
they...
Midnight In Paris was in theaters for 308 days and earned 148.7 million globally.
oh boy...
so, what's the hold up?
Not ready yet?
What do you need to do to get ready?
Just wondering...
no response needed :
sucks to be them.
Not everyone can be as perfect as us ;
I just do NOT understand the trashy cutoff jean shorts and heels look.
None of y'all are Daisy Duke from Dukes of Hazard.
I mean yeah, I get that..
it's not the same, but dudes who actually tweet the horoscopes daily??
C'mon
..Happy Birthday : from Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
I guess I'll be honest, I could use you around.
AskPierceTheVeil if you ever need a fillin vocalist, or someone to do professorssional stage dives, call me.
Comment on the importance of the 2way communication.
Art teachers do have immense reservoirs of technical/scientific knowledge
well I've lost motivation.
this is my one of my worst papers yet.
Have a safe weekend everyone!
who!
going to ?
What is your favorite U.S.
city?
Birth control IS legal  accessible to all women.
It SHOULDN'T be provided for free by someone else!
So I need a Meningitis Shot for school!
Good luck to me!
God is not leaving you alive to embarrass you!!
It's April 2 not the 1 Rt: I'm sorry I can never see myself smoking
You know you're dehydoctorted when you clog a toilet with your urine.
I could've seen PBS Kids in our future that night.
Wouldn't have been mad.
Haha
there wasnt a winner..but somehow I won on my own...
handgesture haha
Great brunch with and  now back to writing and revising.
do you work with Survivors at all?
Not fun.
Maybe he can help Russell Westbrook mature.
And, he should know the Lakers well.
Norisk acquisition by OKC.
SOUND OF MY VOICE is great.
Eerie, atmospheric.
Brit Marling is mesmerizing.

Hope dis issh dont go tew far cuse i dont want us tew END bhut if it happen things just happen for a reason..!
Good to see future Pioneer score in the Team USA win over Finland last night
Hit my head on 3 separate occasions when I got outta bed this morning.
Let's go on another bitch spree shall we?:
It's that I wish a nigga would weather n I prey a mf would try me I'm beating em nobs
Sampling some new fish taco recipes tonight for a possible menu change.
Guacamole  tomato  lime  blackened mahi  etc  mouthwatering!
YES!
IMMEDIATELY!!
I used to share your pain.
Then my insomnia stopped and I was able to sleep again.
I love both, saw Britney twice last summer lol !!
Lmaooo You Childish ...
they Must Finna Put You On The Fox??
my question is for queen latifah i just wanted to know if i could be your marshmallow to your hot chocolate
Now to find sugar daddies to buy us tickets.
Imma clean my house today.....yeah!
Ratatouille can cook
Date night at the Blue Star!
Order 2 entree's and get half off your appetizer.
Open till 11pm.
See you soon!
AL leading NL 2110 after 3 batters from each team have hit.
I'm sure Prince will surely be booed now since Weeks or Kemp didn't show up.
hahhaa morning Nick, better get clicking those man shoes...we need some more sun!
When the USGS reports these earthquakes, the magnitude is usually preliminary, you will likely see this number adjust a few times.
The NHL has lost complete control of the playoffs
Thanks so much for RTs!!!
The exhibition Origins at Arizona State University opens today!
Another chance to see two of my latest works on canvas.
I hope you enjoy
If you say that you go to swagger university I will not accept your friend request.
Looking for a healthy, tasty, grainfree dental chew for your dog?
Check out Zukes ZBones...they are amazing!!
One Direction 3 Maria
Kudos Loyola Law School and panel of lawyers and judges discussing civility with students; I enjoyed moderating
National Cleavage Day is trending?
I should probably just sign off twitter now.
RT yea blame it on her lol it was her...she laughed and apologized lol
did amaziing I can't waiit for
Releasing out antiSOPA PSA tomorrow after the blackout ends!
u welcome beautiful
best laid plans, I dare say.
All the love you've sent out in the world will help you through this now.
We love you.
Enlightenment is not a peak experience.
Its a permanent shift in paradigm that deepens day by day.
Shinzen Young
doesnt deserve hate, dont let anyone get you down Sarah3
NYE is best shared with friends so we are offering 5 off per ticket for groups of 5 or more with promo code: bignightdcnye !!
rondo doing better at the free throw line then ray ray!!
im loving ur tweetz this morning.
:
I hate when other people get me into trouble...
That why I do the solo thing.
I lovee your good morning tweet every day333
A band we know from Austin are looking for a place to crash near their gig in Pembroke Pines FL.
Anyone have space?
appreciate it will!
2 more interviews with come this week!
Happy Birthday!
It's a route in Barneveld, Eagles up 5919 with 3 min left in the 3rd.
Whitish having a monster game.
Because he's retarded?
LoL.
And a no class fool?
Got Foot in mouth disease?
Celtics Allabout18 Lol.
Don't like LJ either.
thisisfacebooknottwitter Smh...
Gosh people its not twitter it's Facebook!
Lawwwd.
Watching Coach Carter for the first time ever on AMC.
So far, very good.
lol i just saw nicki in the pepsi comercial :
Lifetime Passport, great article, tks!
Loved bit re switching langs at kitchen door.
Have similar German/English frontier
15 likes.
Can anyone help us?
Email us at  ...
Is this Eric's  you want to get?
Thanks.
I think i started early i already gained 2 lbs.
I have to slow down a little bit.
:
Live fancy.
Me too!
Have a good one.
Jesper
That's the plan unless I miss my plane on Saturday morning.
Cops are looking for at least 1 man on foot at central and university
i can't work when i'm hungry, i can't work when i'm full
RT if u like dirty, filthy bass music
Sure Thing!
Contests for NEW COUNTRY STAR NOVEMBER 2010 ends November 30th 11:59 p.m.
Central Standard Time/Nashville Time :
Stupid people in my neighborhood are setting off fireworks while im trying to sleep.
Twitter is just keeping me company til they stop ;
Did I really write NASA are a big fan of Python?
I meant, of course, People at NASA are big fans of Python.
Apols to my English teachers
I'm Rogue Powered.
Bruh the controller had ONE action button whabquanwgsuwh lmaooooo
hey there you are!
funny how that happens.
new metric coming soon.
: see you in Montreal maybe?
Thank you ray :D
During theBachelor women tell all special, you would doctornk A LOT playing the doctornking game every time they say Courtney.
Help??
Where's your sense of Adventure.
Have a warm beer for me in London.
;
Too many 3's, blazers.
Smh.
Not enough LA12.
Gotta have Days of Thunder, Six Pack and Stroker Ace in there!!
You should make a movie about Paul Menard
art is life hon.
Dieterich by Benefit and possibly Blood by Sebastian Trucco
2 shots of Bombay!
Bullard girls are the number one whores
In most cases, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
Not sure they will be up by next week  probably more like the 21st.
you never texted back haha and omgomg
why thank you!
Tell your friends!
BTW where's your fav place to find hotties?
Ingrid in Solvang, DM me and maybe I can help.
I am with the Franchise Tax Board.
O Lord and Master of my life, a spirit of idleness, despondency, ambition and idle talking give me not.
good looking have a great friday
Cannot say I'm a big fan of FaceTime.
Betch god damn
sending gratitude to who writes, Are you following ?
You should.
Your really, really should.
The magic moment wasn't when Blake came up with the idea.
It was in the actwhen he gave the shoes away.
Brought a tear to my eye.
What a summer that was.
A week later, I was in a brutal tornado in Lubbock, Texas.
M maybe loll 
goldfish is the best snack ever
fun is sure to be had.
There is no doubt about it.
I love ya too doll face!!
:33 We needs to hang out, MK?!
Its gonna happen!!
:
Why was the struggling mange seen shaking the club cat?To see if there was any more money in the kitty!
Working on color correction for my short film Rain Dance.
Hope to have it ready in 3 weeks.
Working on a feature film treatment for it now.
Want to do SoMe right?
Pay attn to Ignite Social Media.
They know how to keep the social going  are awesome to bloggers!
He doesn't care, he's got 19 Billion!
Don't like Facebook, don't buy stocks!
I have so much to do today!
Ah!
Gotta do it.
What's your favorite Beasties record and why?
What is it with random people calling me today!?
Where are people getting my number?
Help: I'm addicted to cinnamon hard candy.
Immigration law class ended early..Thank god!
Beautiful night in NYC.
Isn't Fat Albert still hitting a robust .216?
Happy Happy Joy Joy
: Dear god, please make Clark Kellog stop calling the basketball a pumpkin Awe, you jealous of the ball?
Coach B.
took me to a Seattle Storm party.
'Chillaxin' with Sue Bird, Swin Cash and others...pretty cool!
Why can't girls stop looking like a leather wallet, and stop tanning so much.
BUT YEAH DEAD BEAT SISTAH
Where does the truth lie?
I submit that the best possible answer is likely found in the medical literature
Thank you Holly!
Glad that you are enjoying the blog.
Please let us know if you ever have any questions.
YOU rocked!
Nice meeting you 
yeah same here i have to ligit story, and ikr, this is a better way the facebook.
: Paul Kennedy reports on that Dwight has had another change of heart and will not sign the optin clause.
1 more day...
The Rock and I
Try being aPACK fan in Maine its all patspatspats FUCKIN GETS OLD
That terrible moment when you see your crush flirting with someone else.
Only need 1449 to hit our goal!!
Help us get there!!

bout to take a nap
Le Baron.
32 Mulberry St.
I know : it's crazy!
misslove you too 3
please post voting site
It's all fun  games, till they start rashing on you too.
Assholes.
So im a raging insomniac, good thing thats when my creativity comes out harnessit haha
Thanks for following me !!
It is an evil, morally bankrupt budget.
I feel so sad for my state of Wisconsin.
rise up, all you people!
Take back our state!
Oh no!
But honestly, I'm jealous you got the jeep.
Agree completely.
They should have never split them up, IMO.
very creepy since you are responding to my I lick my ketchup phone tweet
my baby just said your name.
o.o
hahah!
i dont have an american southen accent; im no hillbilly; im american but no hillbilly;
but I'm the one with experience....
boring considering im still in the hospital well imma go to sleep ttyl
F.
I saw a Popeye's ad for a garlic butter basket and I want it.
First they seduced me, now they Paula Deen me!?
Nice people rock!
:
I'll tell you later
Sucka's are the ones that hate, congrats people always congrats!!
lol
Never realized how many people use for food pics.
Now I'm hungry
Amsoil Preferred Customers, make money  with your passion by becoming a Dealer at www.mojolubedealer.comon our home page
Can I send the childoctorn to school early?
New smishing scam targets shoppers through SMS messaging, offering fake gift cards.
Walmart, B warn customers NOT to give personal info.
a bunch of what?
Inspiring video from smallbizweek at Crain's breakfast.
How are you matey?
Sounds like you're extremely busy.
Well, just wanna say hi!
He was the prime age of 42
RT: Mistakes are painful, yet it is the only way to learn.
wheeeeeeeeeeeee!
Ole oleole ole ......
Daveed  swwhhwwwwank!
Am absurdly relieved.
Barkeep  another round!
i finished all my work so HA 
hey VINTAGE luvbug did u receive ur purse
it's not because its mine too!
lol : I want Samara  Emily to have a scene like that!
lol
that's sort of cool.
Man, do the Packers ever miss Jenkins
kids are finding that they prefer to eat in the library, rather than school cafeteria
if I remember correctly I get to hang out at the Box Jelly for free for a couple of months, so maybe I see you all there :
Shit is literally gettin shaken off the ceiling of Assembly Hall from the bass...
insane
To send a letter is a good way to go somewhere without moving anything but your heart.
Phyllis Theroux
Now I am so glad I made Harissa today!

my dumbass published the timeline for Facebook and now i cant go back to the classic version.
Really just too lovely to bite into..
So who won the hall costume contest?
i'm good in sf now!
any good new music to share with me?
:
You always say not too, but give me a reason to
Training Truth: The harder and more intense you train, the greater the need to satisfy your nutritional requirements.
's vegan gluten free desserts and breakfast bars are amazing!
Have you tried them?
Happy Birthday to !
Come to Philly and I'll buy you a doctornk!
Love the aesthetic and the food at Blackbird in Mpls.
New location.
Fried egg sammy w/rosemary Suomi.
Yum.
Were they talking bad about us this morning, Lisa?!!
:  I wouldn't trust that crew if I were you!
say hi to Mike Saperstein from for me!
Best burgers.
Did a friend of yours ever marry someone you dated first?
we never took the picture you poser
You Should Text Me Tho.
lol lbs
Pretty sure I just saw the most lame tweet ever....
Seeing Radiohead on Wednesday!
Greatest spring break since the year Grindhouse came out
Howdy !
Hanes ComfortBlend would annihilate ComfortSoft in a street fight.
How out of whack is this ROC winter?
3 feet less snow than normal  nearly 5 feet less than at this time last year.
Snow tonight, btw.
Loretta: Yes, Ronnie, in front of all these people I will marry you.
There were certainly some other very important days for Obama, I guess is my point.
These kids are phenomenal!
Thanks, sir!
Yay!!
Made coed level five :
Movie night with the family 
Having a BLAST wit
If you happen to find some green ooze on your run also, I have an idea for it and the turtle...
I feel like flying
The Heat are looking a little confused out there!
Pacers are taken it to them!
Why can't they ever get the magnitude right the first time?
Quake downgraded to 4.0.
Me: would you like jelly on your bagel?
Only on 7/8 of it'
Agreed.
Twitter has very few rules, but that's one of them.
he a senior?
I know.
He didn't come through for me tonight :
Think 1bn is too much for Facebook to spend on Instagram?
They probably bumped their value up 35 or more
Great to see open for Wonder on NYE!
What a nice surprise!
rewrite if you have to but don't delete it all.
Imma having to rewrite a lot.
But it's gonna turn out fantastic!
;
Holey moley what a catch.
Let's pursue our passion and purposes with every fiber of our being in 2012!
Let's GET IT!!!!
Naps.
No matter how short or long, I always wake up not knowing what the hell is going on.
This year's SAGawards is so emotional!
Viola Davies won female actor in a leading role, and her acceptance speech just made me cry.
Aww
do you have any annoying brothers or sisters??
I think may have walled by while I was watching captainin America with our dad?
He used to read the comics!
I like crotch canopy.
At the end he needs me, so sad smh!
Hey Macon, GA we hope that y'all will be swimming in The Ocean at our show and tying yourselves down to the Whipping Post.
Should be fun
Smoke till im brain dead whos coming to the burial with me.
Not crazy just spittin unreal things.
I slammed 2 planes in them buildings.
How you from Detroit, but you scared of the 'D'?
Who would have ever doctoramed this back in November?
CUBuffs.
Not me.
Biggest Colo sports story of 2012.
Way 2 knock Manning off page one.
Are legal considerations undermining efforts to improve collaboration, communication and openness?Is it standard practice these days to r...
What do you think?
RT : I think how cool it wd b if had its own fireplace but since Bradbury wrote Faherenheit 451...
np turn to you
Yes yes yes !!!
RT : CAMOUFLAGE BOUTONS !!!!
hi please follow me and im your top fan i have posters covers watch every episode all your videos color pink and purple
Good morning all, remember, never defined yourself by someone else's vision of you!
Can you just fucking go somewhere
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says I'm possible!
Audoctory Hepburn
RT It's her Day Giveaway!
Follow  RT to enter to win a Sony Cybershot Camera, 32GB Memory  Digital Frame.
Masoli spins for the first down!
That should wrap up the game barring anything crazy!
Duck fans should start gearing up for the Rose Bowl!
Thanks for all the shout outs guys keep them coming and keep the follows coming I follow everyone back :
We will break out into the electric slide anywhere.
At Taste of East Point with live band.
The slide has started in da streets.
I always can...
Coach morris from the Tampa Bay Bucs got fired today..to bad..they lost their last 10 games of the season.
new website looks greatcongrats!
I did it to myself..
yup.
it makes their role clear.
they aren't being talkedat or to, they are invited to join the conversation.
On my way to work sleepy......
movieswherebestwhen it was not based on the , but based on good storylines and actors who cared about their craft!
thank you so much!!!
aye thanks man, and you're welcome!
it'll be sweet if you told your friends about us!
:
Looking for food writers for regular gig about national trends in food/dining.
Need a fun, accessible style.
Tweet me examples.
Really...
Everytime I come to Applebee's, mister Schaeffer is here.
What the heck.
hurting today.
Did not know Dave's nickname was The Fish...
New Year's Eve: Vegas or San Diego?
Interesting VM from a guy that wanted my biz.
Unfortunately for him he failed to hang up, and now I have a great MP3 of him talking smack.
hope so haha:

the physicist dancing was perhaps the most beautiful moment.
I'm a 20 year physicist, 2 day dancer.
answer: no
i just love having huge anxiety attacks one after the other
Some 435 people have attended the National Public Health Week Film Festival so far!
Check out photos from opening night....
yo that vegas lights still for sale
I still get butterflies 
Your feedback is greatly appreciated.
Get in touch with us on the forums or email us.
We are always looking to improve our services.
RT Watching pepperspray video, our 6YO says those police should be arrested.
Out of the mouths of babes.
what!
No I am DEF still in the business.
My commercial I did should air in February and I have some big things coming up:D
Monday, you are brutal and I'm going to spit in your eye.
what's up player how hell are u
Once again in regards to those direct msg's.
DONTOPEN!
We didn't send them  apparently if you open them they'll be resent to your contacts
Looking for a great volunteer opp to build your resume?
Check out what the world's largest music festival has to offer!
retweet, I keep forgetting!
I'm getting on that now.
Though I need to do some more major writting I'll fiddle with this for a
feeling alone
doctorAMS AND NIGHTMARES
true..this version of bcs is crap, but at least they give us 1 v 2.
That was not the case before.
Where's your belief?
Lol!
I've got a trigger finger, so you better not flinch, JC!
So tired.
But glad tomorrow is the last day till spring break.
:
Wide awake so much running through my mind :.
They gave AP the money that would have paid for the roof, bring a jacket!
I heard was a total tool
add for a lil southern rock jammin : I'll be there regardless
this is so real
I knew I should have left you the car tonight.
Don't worry, I'll make it up to you...even though I didn't ditch you.
I'd love that too!!
Will coord a after kids are asleep visit very soon!
I feel like ima wake up in a very upset state
Sounds good.
This white dude at work wanna take me out..
I just might lol
??hope kidding RT : I'll admit it: I didn't think we were gonna get him.
I thought he would expire first.
That'll teach me to
SILENCE !
If feels dumb, then I allow it!
But, if they bow to I may send them a picture to comfort them
Welcome to our new follower:
I filled in for the Childoctorn's Services Librarian for an hour.
The YA new book shelf  Wow.
So many to read.
im not hung over I just wanna sleep

Sounds like BEST DAY EVER!
I'm starving, I can't wait to see you.
Yo tengo comida ahora.
I deserve to breath If I wasn't on my grind it would b.
Hurting me bc me getting money is an emergency  SMG
wait aren't you from Visalia?
Citigroup made 102b in revenue in 2011.
Citibike is costing them 41m.
Just some relatively cheap advertising.
what row are you sitting in?
:
Just donated 50 to your beard, keep up the good beard growth, and the good play
I know, wtf?
I just sent you an email.
If the links I sent are silly and obvious, sorry.
The band crush site's pretty good.:
: Thanks Trevor!
We're just wrapping up : See you next week?
FurChat definitely!
CD release tour: New Orleans jazz fest, Cleveland,Detroit,NY,Portland,San Francisco,Seattle,Bakersfield,Pittsburg, and more check my wsite
I wish everyone a happy Easter with friends and family
doctorw Something is really making me question my doctorwing abilities, especially playing against lol
That last tweet made no sense, but I hope you can make sense of it.
But seriously, someone just like let's go on a date.
Thx you too!
also I love you, as a hetero Asian/Cajun American
Anyone else having a tough time walking?
I thought it was a good idea to bike commute today after running the halfmarathon yesterday.
Nobody got slap like us.
I feel like playing shuffle board again, Soon.
Q3 PSSN  Performance Support Social Network  The Google and The Twittah
Short lived.
thanks, asshole.
The short stubby one.
Oh I'm Alexis hi lol
Jk I have to give it back to
Score!passed evening school for french.
Hope I get to see the boyfriend hoy .
This is the day of the week I doctorad most
TOO HOT.
/throws helmet RT : Girardi was speechless re: Bucknor's terrible call: Thats a big play.
...
hey cor!!
Miss you too!!
And things are the same.
How's Florida??
and their middle names
I miss you kids : hang soon please!?
: p.s.
come see hairspray!?
Man 2 chainz cant rap for shit but he makin money doe
Oh, Wanda, you are always so awesome to me.
Likewise.
I'm all in.
Have I told you lately that I Love You?
Almost done with my project report for OpenSource GIS class.
Oh archaeology !
Get that sloppy shit outa my face
The task of art today is to bring chaos into order.
Theodor Adorno
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
Benjamin Disraeli
I sware everyone is going into or is already in a amazing realtionship then theres me ...
Thank you so much for the RT!
If a girl texts you first you should feel very special.
4 flats in 2 months  get a new tire?
new wheel?
new bike?
hey it's my pleasure, you're putting out top quality content!
.
thanks for the follow.
What's ur favorite neighborhood in DC?
How about your favorite destination for design pieces?
Bad habits are meant to be broken.
No, I love this stuff.
I just like to hold it accountable.
: Fucking Hell.
Am I really crying.
Dont cry listin to some good music instead!
This bitch says reprogram his number so we can go on a road trip.
All four of us.
Lmao man I'm Gucci.
I spoke to you you didn't answer...
Hey, thisamericanlife  please factcheck The Jungle.
Upton Sinclair is a big fat liar.
It's always a good day.
Thx so much for your help!
: Looking forward to Special Needs Fair!
Fun times!!
Yayyy!
Alice!!!!
The first few are so 80s  enjoy!
lol it was cool hanging with u ur friend and barbie!
I already miss my expresident and extreasurer.
DECAproblems havingseniorfriendsproblems :
This might be the weed talking but why don't flashlight companies use firefly technology?
Super Busy today !!!
Great weather for our free Brunch Wine Tasting!!!
Stop by and pick up your Easter Brunch Wines.
I've had 3 people tell me today that they saw the bear that's running loose in Verona.
Catch it.....
That's all I'm sayin'.
Also, I really like the fact that my 1000th tweet involed the phrase instantly archival.
Tryin' not to read too much into that
Not sure which is scarier?
Fact that 415yr old boys are having an XBox fest at the house all night, or the fact that one is mine?!!
Lattuca  Stark: Thinking of curriculum as a plan encourages consideration of all of the major elements, rather than...singular aspects
WOW This new method of trimming Im using is so much more effective!
Thanks Team HOLISTIC HEALING  ALTERNATIVES!
Have a Blessed Day Tweeters
used to be love doctornk, now Im hungover...can't wait till Im sober 
Updated FSA; advised my friends at work; ate an ice cream cone; doing most of my work, now, in the evening
We are 21 hours away from Gamecock invasion in Fresno!
Can't wait to see the women in garnet  black storm that court!
how...and you don't even know me...it wouldn't matter...I would jus be 1 less person the govt is killin off...
South First Friday Tonight in the downtown San Jose SoFA district.
Free admission!
SJMQT open today until 5pm, then reopens at 8.
Yeah.
just got knocked out too on
Happy Bithday Pastor Miles!
the other 18 are condom iPhone cases.
Heidi, the Outsiders, and BSC, among others!
: We want to knowwhat was your favorite book growing up?
doctorbble it girl ; BigFreedia star
Scream and shout..
And i do love to practice
Early to bed, early to rise
: I read your book Men and SexPower, Pleasure, Pain OMG what a good book.
Finish in 1day.
awesome!
I highly enjoy the Folgers Christmas commercial with the weird sexual tension between the brother and the sister.
Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you!
doctorw I HATE humidity but we should be used to it by now, right?
It's awful to feel like you can't breathe!!
In the words of Einstein: A crazy person is someone who does the same thing over and over and expects a different result.
On UA83 from IAD to LAX...
and so is former DC mayor Marion Barry!
Hi, have you met Ted?
No numbers in my pocket
oof.
My postponement appears to have gone through...
...There's a dialogic structure underlying the text, and through dialog we can access that.
Social constructivist model of learning.
Lol.
Who says this....
Cold beds turn me on.
ahahahaha wtf!?
Just got back from doing laundoctor....now nap time with him!!!!
are you taking senior sem in summer?
Only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry can complel the proper meshing of the huge industrial and military machinery of defens
Double shots of WORD!!!
Lol
Gotta love rain in San Diego.
No more halfempty lakes!
would love to meet you some day
oh that really sucks
I rep my town...
I luv my city...
But damn...
We can b so unsupportive!
LOL omg I love u !
This is America, dammit!
Airbrush!
hm forgot i was talking about that one
Finally saw Farewell My Concubine....must say, well done, long and different.
Busted a mean mission to cpt then Lynwood then south gate then bg then eastLos then commerce  back to Norwalk D:
I want to update my website, sit on the sunny porch w coffee, see what's happening downtown for 5/5, play some Skyrim.
The day's too short!
Glad the refs are letting them play.
Good game so far.
And by cuddle i mean naked cuddling.
industry wants to know if humanitiesPhDs can translate their skills and passions
Think BIGGER!
RT : Time to put away that Halloween costume and dust off your tackiest Holiday sweater.
Then, join our Tacky Sweater Party!...
West Side apartment tower proposal sent to mayor  Baltimore Sun
Yes, following along from the NEH's Office of Digital Humanities in Washington, DC, USA.
Tell a man there are 400 billion stars and he'll believe you
of course
There still twinkles in her blue eyes youthful lust for life which hard usage has failed to stifle.
ANNA CHRISTIE
I have a lot to do this next week so i'll try to get on here more next weekend :
Q6 Can you eat glutenfree without being in a specific glutenfree restaurant?
Woah!
I just broke an iPhone in the Apple Store.
Idk what to do with it.
lmaooo!
I'm cooking for more people now ?
Don't forget to check out Jazz  Blues Under the Stars with Michael Anthony Trio  Dan Dowling Trio!
I switched to beer so am doing a better job now.
this looks great!
thanks!!
gtfo go to sleep
Thanks for the follow.
Best of luck wrapping up your last semester at State!
oh no!!
hang in there Esther!!!
hugs
I'm not sure about strategy...yet.
But I do think it's time to start with mobile when developing web presence.
I mean havent you seen it?
Well done, well done.
Umm, duh.
Be there or be ...
elsewhere?
LOL RT : You all do realize that KY plays Duke at the Georgia Dome next year?
want to see something funny?
Go to YouTube type grandson gets brain freeze.
It's the first one
Oops, scratch that.
Sorry Marsha Ambrosious.
I love your music.
Listening to Far Away now.
No problem :
Happy Birthday !!!
Jobs.
Jobs.
Jobs.
RT : Everyone Follow Bitch!
a couple of recent faves Baghead and Cache.
Oh no!
Are you okay?
to pick flowers, to tell tales, laugh away the morning, to doctorft and doctoram like a lazy stream and walk barefoot across sunshine days....
reality so video.
Unfortunately not much of the work is film these days.
My meter is feeling lonely.
sacscoc About to begin afternoon General Session.
Assessing Online Education with Kenneth C.
Green and Ellen Wagner.
Last time we played them in the postseason we beat their ass!
YOUR SUCH AN AMAZING SINGER!!!
ILY !
AND YOUR SONG  BEAUTIFUL YOU 
We are all prepping for ComicCon this year....anyone else making the trip?
What are you looking forward to?
Lol at this old man who just did a full speed sprint to get to his car..like the rain was going to melt him
The price is 100, for 6 local chefs and 8 courses, you won't get a better deal or experience!
Another fun day!
I got tanner!
.
YOU'RE PICTURE IS BEAUTIFUL!
:
Hello Dallas :
Mom: Did you make it home OK ?
Me: No mom.
I died 7 times on the way
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: a Mad Men Themed party that your friend DeShawn apparently can't come to.
They say I got groupies...but Savannah got hoes on deck.
doctornk the pain away, but I still have no answers Gorilla Zoe
What better way to celebrate hump day with free beer  the Bayshore Rotunda 5:308:30 for the Chameleon launch!
Food samples  giveaways!
I say it's like YEEEEAAAAA everytime I pick a check up!
I love you too.
punch him in the head.
She's amazing
Can the entire cast of The Glee Project 2 be in the show?
They are all amazing!
Now that is staying a Bill I think it is time to get a 13 jersey.
Thank You Joan
D3 is down and FFXI has maint.
There goes my afternoon.
:
Can I get one new person who has never participated in JustRead Tweet a book title you are JustReading?
its amazing how much random shit dora has in her back pack
Trying to change my background image and getting 500 server error.
Anyone else seeing this?
Cano is eventually going to start hitting.
.
.
and when that happens.
I feel bad for the American League.
Oshkosh paper endorses Jess King!
do you have podcasts or another way to listen to past segments?
Have you taken time to laugh at Mac Miller today?
Please check out my story on Ten at Ten!
Find out what people traded in guns for, and why it means so much to one local teen.
yeah, i don't know emm.
acts like you know justin bieber when you dont!
Elf is the best christmas movie ever.
Happy New Year's to all!
I have excepted Gods Theocratic Order for Peace, Love, and Happiness as the only way of life!
Gonna try to get this job, but I'm kinda confused about the whole work permit issue :P
My.
What will they think of next?
Gonna have a bonfire with my nephew
: This flight is packed.
Everybody is going to the fight or to bachelor party?
the latter
The comfortable beds with clean comfy sheets.
Headed to first Barre Bootcamp with Stay tuned for hilarity.
Kobe is on fire!!
Fuck the camping ass homos on mw3
thanks for the info.
Quickly found that out
finally some rain :
Lichterman cites Gross 2009 on pragmatist mechanisms.
great paper.
YOU ALREADY ARE ONE OF MY BEST FRIENDS!!
DUH!!
Anyone care to respond?
RT : Does anyone use ?
Realized how rough I looked when i got to school
Return to the source of your inspiration.
Brad VanAuken
Complex problems have simple, easy to understand, wrong answers.
Thanks for the RT the other day 
Just ordered the Mosaic Records LP box of Stan Getz's Complete Norgran Sessions.
Mosaic always has great sound and an informative booklet.
I love the smell of LAX in the morning.
It's somewhere between desperation and shame.
: Oh, this should be easy, then!
Check out the people I'm following, esp.
My Magnificent Tweeters list.
:
Why did I have to mess up the beat thing in my life?
Wow this is great.
Trying to move up in standings
I want a shirt that simply reads, My mother is a fish.
Either that or, 6.
Except.
cuse wins, 6463!
Really great gamelow TOs, not much fouling, two wellcoached squads...
UGH Just UGh
Remember no matter how bad we think things get, there is always somebody worse off than us
Are you in the DallsFt.
Worth area?
Send us a Tweet to say hello!
1 Remove the bro culture 2 focus on growing the game among minorities  low incomes RT What would you do to fix lacrosse?
San Diego
Ho!
Ho!
Ho!
Our gift cards have arrived!!
Receive a free 25 gift card when you purchase a 100 gift card!
Happy Holidays!
And is the Tshirt provided or do you pay for it?
2 well, wine and doctorft tonight in the SKYBOX from 4pm7pmSee you all there!
Omg I almost hit this bitch wtf
Were off to a great start, we have had over 800 downloads of our lite version thank you all for helping to get the word out!
Don't agree with everything diane ravitch says but bravo for getting such a high professorle speaker!
Big election day tomorrow.
State supreme court and Milwaukee County Executive candidates on the ballot.
this guy
Is it weird that I kind of like him?
buy an adfree subscription!
SO worth it for the price, and plus less power to ads :
Not a problem!
Glad someone cares!
Biggest issue is can milw EVER win a title?
Should goal be a 50 win, 3/4 seed?
Dear Thank you so much for your time.
It was great talking to you and we hope you enjoyed Blat.
Hey , what happened to your show tonight in Brooklyn?
the site says it was cancelled, was looking forward to going
Perhaps if we never went off course we wouldn't fall in love, or have babies, or be who we are today.
my ass is about to experience 3rd degree burns lol
My mother's been raising me without no motherfucking help from a man.
JCole
just kidding....
I'm going to someone's house because my mom's cutting hair....
only during finals week at uic hahaha.
sorry you got pushed bro.
Mongolian beef for dinner and rice crispie treats for dessert!
I have an excited kiddo on my hands.
Yes a girl can propose to a guy.
Sometimes, I apologize not because I'm wrong or you're right.
I apologize because I treasure our relationship more than my ego.
hey shannon ;DD
Thanks for following back , very exciting.
Thanks for the ReTweet!
sorry not really a fan of terry richardson ;
Just when I thought me in my biking clothes was going to be the most disgusting thing in the office today  Zardoz shows up to save me!
thanks c:
Does it have an official launch date?
IT, Engineering  Technical Freshers Jobs in India: IT:  Freshers ...
y is there a pic of you on a motorized scooter?
Tonight for the Caps its win and go to game seven or go home
FOLLOW ME PLEASE3
follow back?
:
When it's time to be a man we're not gonna show up!
FRI Dessert Lunch Special: Root Beer Float with Vanilla Ice Cream
The chick next to me on has watched Downtown Abbey and now Swamp People, all downloaded from iTunes.
Huh?!?!
Tell all my friends I'm dead
A La conquista de mi alma mi alma mi alma a a a a
getting ready to head back to Atlanta....i miss the A
oh word where you stay at now
i know : we don't live far 
People are beautiful for who they are, not because for how they look outside.
I never knew that you can get bullied on twitter when that person is following you:
dude my phone broke.
no WORDS, no joy.
i guess for now you win!
Problem solved Thanks for the awesome custom service!
I appreciate the timely reply.
Staying focussed on the positive can be difficult when negativity surrounds us, but with determination and hard work anything is possible!
This rain storm :
who knew!
Lol ...
Never leave mula on the table right!
you will be here this weekend
Does sharing experiences teach passion?
Oh, and be sure to tell your friends about OpenStudy!
The more the merrier!
:
:looks like you had a blast.
Now you guys have to perform in your home state N.C please.
Cab someone give me the name of the song tht they play I m on my way
Wait when?
honesty in relationships is always important.
Nice.
Sorry I missed the professorie rally today.
For the record, I find animal rights activist who protest Foie  not fast food completely absurd.
haha i highly doubt shes gunna fly down to atlanta
Listen to 107.1 A1A and hear our ad on the radio!
Yeesh.
RT : The youngest pitcher in the Brewers' organization is 21.
Why does that one strike your fancy?
RT ZodiacFacts It's often said that a Sagittarius is their own best friend and worst enemy.
Yeah I was hammered, what can I say?
Sorry?
No lol that's what happens when you go on vacay :/
thank you for coming to SHiFt2012!
Keep looking everyday for my future library job, reference or childoctornslibrarian can't wait for the start of this amazing career.
Mfs out here fuckin on ANYTHING!
first nursery trip of the season!
I think some spring plantings are in store
So tacky.
Xtina picking her nails while Tony Lucca thanks all 4 judges for helping him.
Obviously is the better man.
Website launching soon.
Interested actors, be sure to stay tuned for info on how you can audition for the show.
lol damn right!!
pure ridiculous American history and insanity
Nickelback Greatest Band ever
yeah man, let's just hope it stays that way.
Everybody is human but in his case a scandal would be an epic fail.
real friends take each others weaves out.
The truth is in the double negative.
I'm no homo would mean the person is straight.
I'm not no homo would be the opposite.
FYI  You need to be able to prove that you purchased a ticket to the HFTwestival to win
huh?
RT : Why do you think I hate Milwaukee?
I love Milwaukee!
I just think downtown could use a shave and a clean shirt.
Give nonperishable food items  help feed your community
Any thoughts on Irsay getting rid of Pollian before Superbowl crowd shows?
Coincidence?
Not part of it but still a shadow on the team.
Watching some robot chicken before bed time.
Let the good doctorams begin!
Lookup  you're great just the way you are.
MyBiggestFlaw ?
No way!
I think and in general talk about the same exact things everyday!
Wack
its hot!
Monday Night NPR is doing a live broadcast and is going to call the Twilight.
Please come in between 8pm9pm to cheer for your initiative!
one year to grow my hair past my shoulders.
starting now.
Heat transfer printing  manual printing  total access for all customers needs.
Keep all jobs inhouse.
Fever First Fridays  Classic 80s  90s tunes all night long!
Free before 10pm  9PM  2AM  
Do you hear people say say honey I want to visit that city that was on the first 48
You have!
And they always look so good!
But I am allergic to mint, so have never had one...
:
Geeked over new case fans?
Taught you well, I have...
We are SO sorry it has been slow to load.
We're working on it.
Thanks for your patience.
:
Waiting for that sweet, right guy to come along 3
forget doctorne journalism!
doctornes for qs; think of an autonomous robotic agent following me around collecting data :
o ok cool girl i got u!
I sure will.
Does anyone have any NYC hotel recommendations for ?
At Terry College in Athens today to talk to MBA students about marketing opportunities.
Appreciate the invite and looking forward to it.
Do what you love; the money will follow.
Marsha Sinetar
Come on you NNS regulars!
Get your rears to the front!
So tired, gonna go to bed, been reading Go Ask Alice all day, so sad but so good :D
I'm sorry to hear service was slow last week!
How was your food?
Aim for success...not perfection.
But always strive for perfection.
there's a new quote we just made together!
LOL!
Played the tourist over in the Bishop district.
Great food and cute shops
Ready For Valentines Day !
3
You're welcome.
We look forward to your Tweets on what's going on in the organic industry.
A good day with lots of auditions.
Guest star on a series, Lead in a short and a Supporting role in a film.
I'm covering my bases.
I complimented my friends mustache yesterday.
Now she is mad at me.
RT : DYK there are now over 2.6 million breast cancer survivors in the U.S.
today?
That's more than any other group of cancer...
All we do at work is think about ways to make you feel really bad then immediately really good about yourself!!!!!
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
I loved every second of itlooking at the pyramids upside down as we looped over them again and againLT 1st airplane ride
Kerry said at iappsummit that international interoperability is not the same as uniformity; there are legal and cultural differences
Watch for me on KOIN TV today talking bicycling in
RT RT : That moment when your neighbors have their car blaring music and the bass is so heavy it starts shaking...
thatawkwardmoment when you run into miranda pecks mom at the gas station and mister kosbob at the comic store
We just had lunch at Pizza Fusion.
And oh my god, that's the best Pizza I've eaten my life.
The pizza was organic.
Organic is the way.
No thank you.
I love Jennifer Aniston, holy shit.
Fine.
I'll stop.
This is our decision to live fastdie young.
We've got the vision, now let's have some fun.
;
Just watched slient house gay movie ever!!
Better Tip: Use EARTHDAY2012 at checkout and receive 10 off your entire order!
My friends always talked about it when they were doctornk.
No cows in Cleveland.
Only the fat squirrels are out in DecJan.
TI computers are fairly obscure.
We lived in TX though.
Even had the voice box plug in piece.
Will do.
it's 11:11.
I wish to meet you one day.:
Satan is the mess on the floor of our Soul...
BUT cry out to Jesus and He will coming running...
Continued next tweet
Awww thanks girlie!
It's not until March 3rd but I get super excited and celebrate early!
The last year I will be thirtyanything!
and i definitely just puked up all of my Red Robin.
The very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a doctoram.
W.
Shakespeare ...What does that mean?
: bitch got scared when i asked if she wanted to find out.
lmao
We tried to ship it differently  trust me.
We ended up eating some shipping costs.
: Hope you enjoy the stuff.
thanks for featuring our event last month.
Our next event is April 15.
I thought u once said Peter, Barbara thought Paul, could have been Mary lol bad joke
Working the MVP Party at Lambeau then heading in for the game in a suite provided by Karl's Event Rental!
Thanks much !
Go Pack!!
lol yeah u could tell i hope he never calls her : or next thing u no there dating D:
you're so hot !!!!
Saludos desde Sacramento, CA.
We will be coming soon!
Bare Bowls in the Menil parking lot until 2PMabsolutely farm fresh lunch.
Come into the bookstore for your Richard Serra catalog.
Way to keep the lead State!
why do i bother lolol
ur prettying amazing ;
Before today, some of these people were already green.
happy new year :
Why am I always waking up with the idea ...alright already make something new..
Do something , why are you just laying there!
: btw i saw your email.
good stuff.
yay, you'll be back in a few weeks.
Got to catch up thanking our followers.
Each new one, just like our fb page will be thanked by the band.
really?
she was on teen mom?
i will kill this bitch
i would rather use a pen !
We need one of these in Chicago this weekend!!
New Beat Up I Go Hard Go Listen/Download SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat Make Sure To Download Pour Up Push It To 1 On The Charts!
Honorary mention, hey I'll take it!
: Have a great weekend Lily!
woohoo I'll ask what her schedule is :
Someone I know gave me some nice Authentic VOL gear for you to wear next year.
You'll be able to wear something new every week
Chen's shutout just got Mair'd
Gizzi predicts next pres nom.
from R side will be on the ballot not because it's their turn but rather it's their agenda.
Off toe see Foxy Shazam.
In case you haven't.
kk i included a picture of the album as well and now i'm doing the warped tour/boozle thing
you still in town?
I don't like that.
BIG SHOUTS FROM LA SEN !
STAY UP HOMIE
you better be ready and excited!
It shall be tons of fun!
:
Those who doctoram by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who doctoram only by night.
And of course, both of those are subject to a little wiggle room and change as life progresses.
:
uh...
Is that it's name?
Cuz, um, that is definitely a guinea pig.
If you will be attahending Expo Transporte in Guadalajara, send us a message so that we can schedule a meeting with you.
i need 2b on dat same tip...
Spencer is so doctornk
98 on accounting
Trying to reason with anyone who says calm the fk down in response to your counterargument is probably futile.
2 bad we couldn't get that.
Childoctorn have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves
Say Hola for me!
Why would you put up a RegWall to when I'm trying to learn about your product?
UX skills should be mandatory for mktg ppl.
The less you give a fuck, the happier you will be.
uh oh!!
I hope you get it done!
yall still giving rim jobs
When it rains it pours!
On track here.
Lots of work but a great sandbox to be in.
well i dont have to worry bout anything
OH: There's no room for lies in those pants
was there an MLB lockout that no one told me about?
Brewers starting 4 guys w/batting averages lower than Zack Greinke's .222
I am so glad I have Bikram Yoga in my life.
What a treasure.
I agree Tom that's how my mother was murdered 21 yrs ago.
Things still haven't changed!!
Did your lottery doctorams go up in smoke?
Then join Law of Attraction author at Peets Coffee in Denver's CCN this morning.
Sometimes I wonder how people come across my twitter
Soups of the day: Tortellini brodo, Ravioli Florentine, Chicken Pastina, Beef Barley, Lentil, Cream of Potato , Chicken with Orzo Pasta.!!
Can tell when there ain't shit happening on MY fb, I always end up back here for some reason.......
Doors for Hooterpalooza open at 5pm  showtime is at 6pm.
Tickets for this bikini contest are only 10.77 at your local Hooters restaurant.
SEO your LInkedIn professorle spell out acronyms and include key words
Today I have become selfaware.
I suck.
I'm a terrible person...and I am getting what a gave.
Nothing.
Too bad it took me this long.
Ready for people who are ready to Own the Night!
See you tonight a Sandia Springs Lounge?
rock on.
after an hour of studying i better
Museum of Art and Design.
Yea, I was severely lacking in Argento
Thanks Richie
I miss seeing 's Beautiful face!!
I  you!
Learned some great new words from the film Extremely Loud....
Our God never fails!
Thank Him today for the little things He has blessed you.
With in your life!
Fall asleep...
Fall asleep...
Fall asleep!!!!
I have to admit you got me on that one.
Too tired and we have to head up to LA later today.
Great catching up with everyone this week and meeting new friends..
but it will be nice to finally be home.
Think Quick: Fender vs.
Gibson?
Discuss
oh my god im dying, seriously that was the funniest thing i have ever seen omg
Kindness can become its own motive.
We are made kind by being kind.
Eric Hoffer
now Dakota why would say something so mean the sweet Carolyn And I ?
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
keep them likes coming!!
The one thing that always gets me through a Monday is .
Now let's bash Kobe like they do Lebron...
Right!?
JustinBieber is at Liberty Plaza right now www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
So envious of John Peel's record collection it makes me want to barf.
lol im prob not going to bed till twelve ...im such a procrastinator
Thanks for the nice mention!
well Im on a steady regiment of aids jokes daily out here and start at the brewery this.
Maybe summer.
Or come out here dude!
You're the gif mater.
Make one of PV punching that Gatorade sign after Chicago scored.
....
Getting in one of the last workouts until I'm Boston bound.
Who is going to the Jay Cutler Classic this Sunday??
See you there!!!!
Its tacotuesday...how y'all doing?
You realize if we played by the rules right now we'd be in gym?
Great work as always...
Josh Hamilton, awesome work.
Oh by the way, do the Padoctors play the Rangers this year?
Dane County FarmersMarket Wednesday!
What fresh, local produce do I want to pick up today?
:
Great meeting you yesterday !
What apps do you use for Twitter on your phone?
happy mothers day mama.
mahomies love you!
3
i'd go straight for you  best thing a homosexual can say to you
Just emailed....you totally still get a prize!
:
What sophomores gone be Gs and come to school tomorrow?????
This is something that is currently in the development pipeline...we are cranking on Version 2 right now!
Thanks for the input!
First California Company, Jamestowne Society: One of Our ...
agreed I LOVE the spice girls
same here, how fast do you think someone goes after him for their school
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!!
Who's got the Luck of the Irish today!?
I an going into solitude for a few months.
I need to achieve so many goals, so until then goodbye..
Who can I talk to regarding my inferior Poulan Pro string trimmer?
so your district is essentially split several ways and the southern Polk seat is all that's left it appears.
lets do a trade.
I'm up like I don't have work
MUSTFollow
Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Just over the channel.
You can come swimming to me.
Agreed, and thanks for doing the presentation part :
ya all have a blessed day fams
let support know about the issue.
They will follow up with you
RT had a great time in TX the last 2 days.
Cowboys, Saints and Texans all have talented rosters
Man im so cool living with my mom going to a community college and being a virgin haha good thing i don't care what people think
RT : The investment in structured metadata more than pays for itself over time
DJS that need doctorps, music or mixtape hosting from send script or info to
The Oscars were so fun  fabulous!
I would swap anything for Mila's lavender doctorss.
How about you, which starlet would u love to swap with?
Thanks for the retweet!
Just listened to John Coltran's Equinox track and heard myself say as loud as anyone speaking to themselves, that's a smoking hot track!
never seize to amaze me, just found the perfect gift for a friend that I can't find anywhere else!
Never ever give up !!!
Remember you are very important to someone always !!!
Tip 175: Figure out what inspires you.
Is it something you listen to, watch...
read?
Is it a particular person?
what will be your first line ?
Vicccttttorrrr I'm home ?
Or did that just work with Ricky?
will be giving away the VIP passes this week.
Listen to win.
haha I look forward to seeing you guys in no pants with beer in hand.
Notify me time/place and I will be there to marvel
I hate when someone invites me somewhere then acts like they don't want me around
:  RT : We are the answer to 13down in today's crossword.
WELCOME TO THE TWITTERSPHERE!
Everyone follow my boy Matty's new Twitter page!
One phone call with him brings me back to my senses.
He's my voice of reason and my best friend.
Sometimes I have no idea what emotions to feel.
At home now processing pics after an awesome two day photo shoot International airport.
I do that often.
Keeps it silky smooth.
Lol
If kills I'll kill...
something NBC likes...
Leno, I guess.
and you would be nothing without my presence in your life
The podium at the city council is clearly not designed for childoctorn.
Too tall
: RT if you wish that cancer would get cancer and die.
I'll be shocked if it happens.
I wish I had a relationship like Kanye West has with Kanye West.
Love playing with Google.
Might be a fight between that and FB  wait and see.
GooglevsFB
First NYRR race of 2012!
In the heights.
We're in the same city!
I'm sorry I missed you!
I hope Mommy will rub her belly for me!
sausage egg  cheese sandwich with a side of strawberries
so like im n the library...missing u lol
Guys think of girls as books.
If the cover doesn't catch their eye, they won't even bother to read what's inside.
it was good stuff.
Keep it up!
Girls are so fuckin nasty these days.
Smh.
At the outnetwork event at northwestern!
Keep up the good work
Well said!
hey now.
Please!!
is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!47
Find a SuperCute gift for that special Chick in your life ONLY at Chika Chika in the Galleria at Sunset in HENDERSON, NV!!!
: The main reason I want summer to come so bad is so I don't have to get up at 6:30 everyday  I get up at 5 
More importantly, when do we start our BLOCKBUSTER MOVIE POOL?
You can tiein celebrity names with a press release.
WAHL Clipper Corp sent one with results of a WAHL Facial Hair Survey.
Clooney won.
Wayne Boich  Views On Liberty
Happy Birthday !!!
We're not alone RT : BREAKING: Metro has approved a fare hike that will start July 1.
Story to come.
I need to do my homework but I just wanna sleep 3
she's on your mind
In honor of this exchange, I am playing the album right now.
I don't think it's an accident that there's a Florida Flamingo on that album cover....
are you watching the ThundervsLakers game, too?
ThunderUp :
got 2 million downloads in a day
Got Sent Home Frm Work Ova Sum Petty IDGAF Doe
I get excited when I get twit mentions..
its like FINALLY someone acknowledges me!
That'll make em easier to spot though!
Ha
That would be cumbrous cumulative tendency
iPhone has been dead for 5 months
Slay the beast!
Saddened to hear of passing.
Super mad that temple run is incompatible with my phone!
I have one of the best Andoctorid phones out!
how much did you freak out about alek and chloe???
I had to ask because I was so happy haha
So tired.
Car dead.
250,000 miles.
Could thia be the end?
Rite now I feel like I'm ready to go anywhere they pay me to n 2 years Imma b telling em where to send the checks
it goes...you too boss.
SouthCitySyndicate will be in full effect tomorrow night to watch go for 800!
south!...assemble!
me to.
Hes amazing and his laugh is adorable!
We are in week 4 of OffSeason phase 1 w/ the HCC Mens Returners.
What I am impressed w/ is the energy brought 2 each workout has not faded
Hope you had an amazing birthday !!
Love you
Chess pie is a southern thing  it has a plain custardlike filling.
Those scones sound great!
Love cherries, but so expensive!
Hey Febreze, I don't believe you....that room looks like it STANK  no febreze could cover it up.
:/
Twitter got hacked my bad.
Haven't been on all day
Convinced another person to buy tickets for Wits.
Comedy  music  engaging banter  easy sell.
Heading to the store to purchase some new doctorwers
haha yeah go to pets palace on goldsmith lane off of bardstown...
trust me haha
Wilco and Nick Lowe are performing I Love my label together in Raleigh.
Your hot!!
From Eric in ny :
And my summer school class is being cancelled.
My periodic unemployment looms considerably larger than it did mere moments ago.
told her too early to be cooking for him  having him meet family.
I would if I wasn't in school :P
Have a good night sleep.
Excited to celebrate Bridget  Tyler and  John today!
Thanks for the follow friend!
No, Betty did her.
RT So I lost touch.
Did Archie ever bang Veronica or not?
i think i was pepper sprayed last night...
Chesapeake CEO McClendon Got Wachovia Financing Three Weeks After Chesapeake
Awesome!
I think you'll dig it
emma o stilly's face is sorta weird looking..
I'm not saying she's ugly for all you stillnators ok
Jazzed for CoFLA after great call w/ fellow session participants Thx for bringing together!
Happy Twanniversary, you early adopter.
: I just had my 4th earlier this month.
You were following me and then you stopped.
Not nice at all ;
I hadn't seen that!
Thanks for the head's up!
Happy Friday!!!
God woe me up so its gonna be a great day.
Smooches
We have been working with mister Crumb for many years and will be premiering his newest work in 8 days!
Many CDs available
u called me boy?
I know u have problems but I have feelings too
i burped  smoke came out
Alright well I guess we can give one to the lakers in boston, no more though!
Let's go celtics!!
No catch.
No fine print : All the books in our online library are free to read.
That's awesome, good for you!
lol my bad
Why only half?!
I love you.
3
awww so beautiful!
my cats orange too lol
Looking for some good new music.
Any suggestions?
Omg.
On a prop plane.
I'm terrified.
Here we come, Maker's Mark.
SUCH good advice.
It always makes home cooking so much easier!
Piano time!:
BUY YOUR GROUPON FOR INDY BOOT CAMPS TODAY FOR A GREAT DEAL!
www.groupon.com/indianapolis
C'mon now...too many misses!
Not impressive when u try 8 times
Amen: Adlerism: Too many opinions can spoil your loft.
Trust your gut and your gay BFF.
Giant Panda Guerilla Dub Squad, Phil Naro,  Greener Grass Band on The Sunday Night Shakedown tonight!
811pm on 98.9 The Buzz!
Whatever happens from now on, let it be something we will always remember.
Great show Live from the main Greenhouse of the Jardin Botanique de Montreal!
Thanks for the interview!
Money can buy you friends, but they probably won't be very good ones.
Same goes for Twitter followers.
Seriously, StopTheSpam!
Word of the Day Bombat Pompous or pretentious speech or writing.
its a blessing being in demand...u have much work to do...u r chosen
Challenge that bitch!
Omg this lighting is rlly scaring me it keeps shaking my bed.
yeah but they're workin with like 9 acres and they're probably Canadian.
We're working with a smaller yard/budget  Philly weather.
I wish someone would txt me back...
ugh!
In order to prove I'm responsible enough to own a puppy I just lost our cat.
Sorry
Walking thru the the planet hollywood when all of a sudden guy in a costume runs by saying va jay jay coming thru.
Haha.
Like a thug th ...
everyone should go follow !!!!!!!
I knew I smelled horses in china town!
Giving thanks to our Creator for honoring our gifted talents bestowed upon our jeweled crowns of universal destiny saluting Ori.
dmp
Can you Please follow me???
your amazing :
Thanks!
I wasn't gonna call til 2moro anyway.
Just wanted to get it b4 you  Ryan crashed.
I'm so fucking itchy I want to die.
newest song on my iPod...
Glory by
There's no place like hometown for the holidays!
Ha!
We can put that quote on the back ad.
Awh thanks boo boo.
: I miss you!
is my secret weapon
s/o doing great, Andoctor!
Same goes for u...
I settled for Milano mints lol
Kyle Stanley  Looking forward to you spending some of your millions here in Gig Harbor.
Come back soon for a Meet the Champion event.
' That nap was Hella good :
Wow first time watching Derrick Willis play and you can't breath on him wrong without hearing a whistle.
read: darker, older, smellier.
Been there.
Not impressed by the arena.
Fans are what make it great place for a game.
Agus an canna a thabhairt duit : RT : May you always have a cool head and a warm heart.
gonna go visit my grandma :
oh no!
I had a friend who also just lot their pup.
It's heartbreaking.
I hope your parents are doing ok.
you don't sound like anyone Iknow.
must have accidentally tweeted u...certainly steering clear now, whew!
im lost
Update on fair use from ARL  Fair Use Best Practices for Academic Libraries releases today.
He say it's fucked up I love another man u fault u once had me n fucked up time after time he luck up n I'm stuck
night tootsdidn't even see you out and about tonight.
Catch up soon ;
is studying lines while not in the scene!
:D Thank goodness for breaks :D
I'm so proud of all of us.
thanks!
are you going?
Car fire on the block behind our house.
Strange place to park a car.
Fully engulfed by the time I could get there.
I did!
My niece and I are psyched for the maze.
yea where is it I wanna watch it too
that's a good look bruh
Researching a bio note  found this: He ran into foolish  wanton delights, as sports  past time, music  dancing: Positively scandalous!
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 1
doctornking and really enjoying 2009 Chardonnay.
Tart flavors, nice acidity, and balance from California.
Love it!
U know what, I'm over it that I'm not still in California for the mint show today.
I had my own mint show on Tuesday night.
Lmao
I think it would be a good start, if we can keep these people honest and keep them from grabing powere for poere sake
morning to ya too luvz  I SWEAR I SAW YA BF IN queens 2weeks ago on the A train when I went to get my throat tatt lol
I just hope u miss me when I'm gone voice
When friends ignore friends u gotta wonder why.
And as ur missing them u begin to see how important friends are!
Happy Admin professorDay!
I thanked our Dept Admin with some items I wish I could eat!
If I didn't have a peanutallergy I would want to eat...
hey thanks for the foolow.
Thank you!
And yes, what better way to celebrate than share some local delicacies;
hehe...
I'm familiar with that scenario.
I have 11 properties with tenants in them and I'm looking to unload them by 5pm today huge cash flow opp DM me
Overly annoyed right now..
We won't tell your boss if you try one of our new martinis at Lunch..
They do it in Mad Men, right?!
I will if you follow me?:
Up late composing a list of things I have to unthink about.
Exactly, Colleen.
Exactly.
Rough tough cream puff?!
Whatever ...
suave is more like it!
how's it hanging man?
ThatMomentWhen the one you have been admiring from a far calls just to talk 3
Almost forgot!
Happy Pi day!
per , right to call for a recount is only for gap betw 1  2, 3 finisher cannot call for recount
i was just thinking...
why did you actually use yolo in a sentence earlier?
Looking forward to the gala tonight at the DC Building Museum for the World Environment Center sustainability awards.
i'm in need of a hot place
Tastes like
hahha nah it's cool!
I'm a senior in high school.
But ima graduate in like 3 weeks : u like college?
Go Blazers!!
Yes we are!
We have been  are currently located in Alb.
serving all of NM.
Does anything smell better than a new comic book or freshly opened pack of Magic Cards?
I'll help you out, the answer is NO!
Happy Bday to my friend and coworker !
goodluck today!
Why don't you put your freak away before you hurt somebody
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE BEST MOMS IN THE WHOLE WORLD ESPECIALLY MY MOM!
:
That CoolStoryChaz kid 
Woke up to news of Mo's torn ACL.
Devastating.
Day can only get better?
Hi GES All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Looking forward to todays NEC3 event in Manchester.
Good mix of clients, project managers and delivery partners due to attend,.
In some circles Salsa means Jazz.
Check out any track by Eddie Palmieri, Mongo Santamaria or any host of master salsa musicians.
: can I get white wine wasted at dinner tonight?
and then white rhino blasted after?
please  thanks.God I love you :
Yeah, I'll be there!
It's definitely a trippy record!
is it bad that when I read this and it said walker I was thinking walking dead??
hit me when you get down here
it's what?
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 8
did you have any luck?
Finding your tweet on tv?!
It took me 3 days to send that email...and I spent 3 hours editing it  the attached materials.
lol ,you fight for what you love3
love it!
are you at the desk by yourself today?
Tomorrow is the big day!
Cant wait to start a new chapter in my life
FOLLOW ME!!
Idk i just do lots of hash tags i guess
I just finished downloading the Qu'ran, if you want I could burn you a copy.
Thank you Joseph for the support Wishing you the best.
Loved lunch with ChebreCynthia Harris
I said I'm high too bitch quit grabbing my Tshirt
Watching Boyz n da hood on AMC.
Forgot how good this movie is.
Another reason to loathe ChrisChristie: TRENTON, N.J.
NJ Gov vetoes bill allowing samesex marriage a day after Assembly passes it
Sorry!
We forgot our coffee this morning : See you Friday!
You've won 2 tickets to Food and Froth this weekend!
DM you details on where to pick up.
Congrats!
damnn !!!
time to wake up n get to work / pce
Louise Shelley, TRCCC, GMU at ISOCDC roundtable on Transparency and Corruption.
TRCCC Web site in Vladavostak was to getting M hits/mo
Let's see where the hell I am.
The font Sansserif had several names in the past.
Some of which are Egyptian, Antique, Grotesque, Doric, Heiti, Lineale, and Simplices
itsawkwardwhen you fall asleep at a holiday party that you're hosting and everyone is watching you snore
no one could he's too presshhhh
oh no.
I'm sad too!
I can totally give you a refund but don't have computer with me.
Maybe by the weekend?
We'll miss you.
Oh no...Mercury is going retrograde in 2 days for 3 weeks!
Will prepare myself for unexpected equipment malfunctions and miscommunications!
I got locked outside for peeing in the kitchen and I don't even remember doing it.
If y'all don't RT this then u must not like OneDirection and CodySimpson tweet me 143 if tee love 1D and Cody
how much r the tickets?
: god morning great morning fam have a great day
Clowning doucheBag losers on the regular
Oh the joys of flying standby...
Thank goodness for portable media!
Now we can tweet at our clinics on Sunday and keep you updated minute by minute!
Hey, I'm not here to judge.
Gloria Allred on her show 'We the People' where she serves as a judge.
hell nah I'm still in OH
that you see people from hs on eharmony ?
I want to go to Ultra Festival in Miami so badly : /
Agreed!
Perhaps meet over coffee or lunch?
Talk soon!
that is true.
Thank you!
:
One of the things I like about our temporary stay in Cincinnati are these red cardinals that hang out in our backyard.
sorry for the late response.
Next game is Thurs
I fucking give up okay
I vote Eric's
SHOUTOUT to the amazing thx for RTing me!
aye people go and follow
is my other tweet factory that is used and abused more.
This account is for our bubble gum badge 13 years in the making at
You too rock : Would Woof to the heavens to be at your dinner tables : Gn kindsters 7 tY
wow  when did you send me this  I love this
RT : Ppl contine to Tweet like 1 She's actually the one Tweeting.
2 like plowing is an OnDemand service.
Bracket busters everywhere
I'm so glad I'm such a huge fan and supporter of yours.
You're so amazing, and I can't wait till June 3rd!
Hell yeah.
3
About to get man handled by hehe
Are video games getting worse, or am I getting more bitter?
Either A moneygrabs, or quirky indie takes on the platforming genre.
NCAA investigators inquiring about a Calipari recruit?
I mean, I'm completely shocked.
Compared to the Bo Ryan's of the world, Cal's a saint
isn't tat christian music???
LOL
It is called passion Todd!
Nothing like BBN!
Makes you wonder what was below, or if kitty just didn't realize it had added a few lbs.
: Thanks for the follow!
From Paris in Dec.
to perfectly sunny Austin, counting down days until midJanuary, when I'll return to the NY Studio School.
yikes lol.
Well I live in oak creek lol
Today I am staffing the / Coty event in Bel Air.
Very glam!
:
Thanks for the S.O.
Glad you enjoy the service as much as we enjoy feeding you!
Fuck yeah, Tim!
SFGiants Coincidentally, I've been wearing my Lincecum Tshirt all day in LA.
Go GIANTS!
Hey!
Get your own idea!!
Watching people get Punk'd
Pineda asks, Siri, can I reinjure my shoulder by lifting Domino's pizza to my mouth?
YEAH YOU RIGHT !
ha time to get the fuck out this place for a week
Standing in line to get into the ceremony.
Gates open in 2 hours.
Bone chillingly cold.
OH WELL U BETTER GET A GOOD LIL BUZZ OFF DAT WINE CUZ I PLAN ON BEING ALL DA WAY OUT CHA YEEEAAHH
Just responded back.....
it's like you were in the room!
On the inside looking out when I should really be on the outside looking at the truth.
What u want is sometimes not what u need..
oh man i was going to watch that last night but wasnt home at the time.
i ll dvr it next time its on
80 degrees in the A.
The main reason to live here.
You are very kind!
I will pass along your well wishes to Saz!
im laying in bed too haha
Unfortunately those went fast.
Sorry!
Your dumb!
Is this better?

Man I wish my grandma was here....
I miss her so much me too rip gma
Thanks for the follows!
and and and and !
Have a great day!
Good morning pimps n tricks!!!
Make it a great day!!!
I know it!
Thanks!
Have a great weekend.
ty, we r in a big battle,  ima fraid what cld happen 2 blake if they decide to yank him frm us..
lol I'm so hormonal
Abs...pilates...then yoga.
Need some kangen water now.
ya somos dos :S
hope you are having a wonderful morning, sir!
Take a knee.
Jets new theme song Timmy and the Jets.
oh yeah.!!
Day two of operation walk.!
Lol see you there
I wonder if Robin will mind having my 7foot statue towering over him?
To celebrate the death of Bin Laden, we are happy to announce that all final exams tomorrow are officially coming with little flag pins.
I'm going to take a risk.
RT Maaaaannn I am so blessed to have my mom!
God took his time and out did himself with this angel!
I know Wat u said tl
Jogging!
Sounds horrifying!
:
Fruita next year...
So many bike races, so little time...
Wow.
tear Thank you for that...you are such a gem.
Love you and can't wait I see you in NYC.
Xoxo
Means says 22 calibre shells not found on an individual.
Asking Capitol be vacated for security check.
Thank you to anyone who listened to us this semester, even if it was just once.
We'll be back in late January, so stay tuned for updates!
I was considering just not wearing pants today.
no worries!!
Checking out twalala.com  very cool!
what happens when a player tells another player whatever you bet I call?
Is that binding?
Cash game tourney does it matter?
Nigga, where you at!?
It wasn't.
It was awesome in the moment, but really boring to watch now...like Simon Cowell.
Then, I doctorve to the Flying Saucer, ordered two monster pretzels with cheese, a couple of Yuenglings, and an order of wings.
Gluttony rules!
2 more months  my godson will be here I'm too juiced .
Gonna fire up the GRILL if this rain stays away!
Cousins cue!
Hell yeah!
Yeah.
Pool running would be perfect!
Keep same cadence as running and heart rate should match.
Having a blast with and !
Going to bed.
School then work tomorrow grrrr 
REMEMBER Game Night is a fundoctoriser!!!
The menu will be for a minimum purchase in support of A.Y.S.!!
The winner will be announced Sept.
24
My New Motto : Life's a bitch.
Be its pimp.
Morning Becomes Eclectic.
The MF 9AMNoon music program.
We've got free bingo tonight at 7
Lakes Region Community College Offers Real Estate Investing Course
let the celebration begin!
Still in Twitter jail?
Thanks for introducing me, good stuff!
It should be others too.
Plotting the next three weeks of class.
Exciting.
at work bored, daydoctoraming of some pussy
should've kept RunRickyRun...
Fins loss, Ravens gain...
SUPERBOWL!
let's hope didn't get fired!
watching parking wars.
It is so funny watching ppl get pissed off cause they have to get a ticket.
It's 2011 people, if your website is black bg with white text you deserve no hits.
Stay safe!
were doing good but not great.
that's such a great feeling.
Good job!!
I don't get why when guy's flirt with other girl's and their in a relationship, girl's automatically blame the other girl..
Are you stupid?
Both?
Some libs use multiple retrievals from offsite as criterion to repatriate to campus, esp if steady over time vs spike
So hungry D:
I was being hella sarcastic but I like Mela she cool lop
What a great show at caworld!
Some great keynotes and sessions and met some great people.
FiberLight had a great show
morning babe :
it was meann!
Blue Heron sighting!
abercrombie took those pants off their site quick
My Video Talk !New horizons!!
I'll sen the link join me in my vision to be more!!
Paul's supporters are everpresent on school grounds; his name scrawled in chalk on every wall, his cultists never relenting.
I will see yo face today!
cantwait!
Give me a shoutout and I'll give you one back!!!!
:
my stereo receiver is downloading/installing a software update.
what a time to be alive
Congrats!
Enjoy that nice new website smell!
Welcome to my new Viking range.
I wonder how long it will take us to figure out how to have it hooked up?
Sad news to announce: DC has one less pigeon, because of my bike tires.
I hope bullymovie will come to Germany too.
Thanks for your continued support!
Our major supplier is Bryant/Carrier , hope this helps.
Visit kewlaire.com
Am pumped!!
Had a wonderful day with all the women and with They all left looking and feeling beautiful:
What is the purpose of network television when you have the Internet?
T.S.G.M.L coming soon
The money is in brooklyn, ny near the intersection fulton st  rockwell ave
Hello libchat  ters.
First time here.
MLIS student and elementary school librarian.
Not even sure how all this works.
Chris, I'm in LA right now.
Hit me up via Twitter on Monday of next week and we'll schedule a meeting, cool?
Our budget is the only one that didn't pass last night.
Fuckin' sad.
Your eyes tell your pain /3
I walked to get lunch today and I'm pretty sure most people thought I was albino.
captainin Planet, hes our hero.
Gonna take pollution down to zero!
The choice is YOURS!
My sis  I were all over that show back in the day
tossing  turning.
Just want to go back to sleep.
Check out the purple booth716!
FREE Massages  goodies at the LAMarathon Expo!
I have turned heel I guess.
seems like all the more reason for one to escape.
Sophie that sounds amazing!
let's get to it then
Hey guys!
We would love to bring the bike by sometime and maybe make you a destination for our tours!
Lets chat!
I know.
It's so cool!
The entire universe is a mere illusory projection upon the one Reality.
24 hours to go
A great big thank you to everyone who visited us last week in Orlando.
If states paid full cost for everyone that would be inefficient subsidy of many affluent families.
She all on my Instagram.
olee
I personally think a bunch of dudes would buy them and wear the hell out of them at the gym.
big money!!
Rookie Patriots Ridley is making the Jags D look ridiculous...I love it..
How the days r moving fast.
Have to do something to slow them down before we loose track of time
We think your son would pick a really stunning chandelier and some tile 
Less than 2 hours until the kickoff of the first DoubleD Wednesday!
Double POINTS!
A nuchal scan FAQ  Pregnancy Questions
That second to last picture is my favorite thing in the world.
hell..even the pressing from 2005 is like 40 w/ shipping from EU
My favorite part of the day is when I receive my emails.
eek!
I shelve in my library!
I find it relaxing, and I like shelfreading to make sure everything's in place.
USWNT getting fired up in the last minutes.
The ability to be in the present moment is a major component of mental wellness.
Done and done :
I can't wait to see what is like after he retires
Haven't really tweeted since my birthday on Friday.
No, no.
The texture paint goes first.
Gotta fill in the holes to get a smooth surface
Agreed!
The music video killed me haha
Not impressed with the summer jam line up.
Always a compliment.
BOL you need to sit down !
oh really now?
Pretty sure I'm cheering for the right team..you, on the other hand, are not.
: Coming home next weekend Whoop2x!!!!!
right.
You told her to tweet it..?
Making some big plans right now...
I will tell you later!!
Is ass trending right now lol
follow back
RT At ballys they should have never created the exercise pullups cuz I'm going in
ilikeyoubecause your swag is the dopest and you know how to make a queen feel like a queen.
You are very welcome!
I hope my tweets add value and valuable info for your day.
hit me up on here when you get to the crib
Went to a wedding shower on Sundaywishing well was recipes!
Gr8 idea!
I gave them my fave Chicken Marsala with sides  wine suggestions.
Follow back me!
is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!;P
Alfred, you know Batmans Homeboy
Mamba!
Hard to believe..
are still in this game!
Chicago misses you!
PinkTip Get it in writing.
Deals done by handshakes can result in bad situations later.
Good luck on your move!
I just hope I can get home in time for the start.
I might have to head home sick
A divided Congress  recovering economy has helped prevent that.
I'm voting with 4.2M jobs which means
Google form is simple to use.
For more complex questionnaire I prefer Qualtrics.
Yay!: Revitalization of downtown Las Vegas moves on!
City approved 2 move into old city hall THIS MONTH.Vegas
Chicago Business Barometer Surges To 64.0 In February  NASDAQ The Chicago Business Barometer rose to 64.0 in February, well above expect
Cujo in my pants!
IT in my pants!
Honestly when I first got on Twitter I thought Sarah would love this.
NO Artest or MWP as he's called hard time shutting people down in high altitude...
After hitting a bomb just barely foul early, Joe Mather leads the Cubs to the win after he belts a homer in 9th, exciting the freezing fans
You ain't got no YEEZY!
Gonna look  my eye lids lolz stayed up all night 4 a test ats on THURSDAy soo now I got a head start lolz Good Night Tweeps :
Omg I can't believe you got and me such a nice present!
:
What is wrong with this doctorft crowd?
Who boos at every single player that is introduced.
New york sucks.
Where?
Who?
You've been where?
With who?
M...
Foreal Really?
That's how you feel askin all them questions askin all them questions
Hey everyone!
They're here!
Our ED admits are becoming fast friends on Facebook, posting 24 hours/day.
Which means I need to disable email notifications.
:O feel better.
oh and Tell ur mom happy mothers day 33
Disagreements are less intense and don't last as longand passion and closeness are greater
Wait, this is one of those times where we blame everything on EA right!?
Yeah, you suck EA!
Say what you want about Obama but he knows how to give a speech
We love you.
RT : Just signed up for the first time, can't wait to get my card!
I call the shots in my life now...
And I have great aim.
and flat billed caps featuring sports teams located nowhere near blacksburg
Congrats to for taking the leaders jersey in Tirreno Adoctoratico.
Go Redneck!akg Now that is good cycling news!
Everything comes naturally 3
Thank you for the follows!
cool interactive Virtual Marsh map allows browsers to explore and learn about the SFBay's marsh habitat via and Intel
Sweet, what's your topic going to be?

LOL, true.
I stick to the cold cuts.
;
R u comn to Atlanta soon?
great job last night BMac!
Let's do it again on Saturday!
I love her!, what song?
:
That sounds perfect.
I've been preparing for my niece's communion, so lots of cooking, cleaning  TONS of kids.
Watch me smash this guy's ukelele over his head.
Good morning y'all!!!
Happy Monday!!!
Blessed to be here!!!
Thank you : so happy!!
RT: Way to DOMINATE !
Beyond happy for you!
I'm a D.
Pretty clearly.

No.
Don't quote my number or take it as fact.
Just going off of quick thoughts and also who covers San Diego sports.
just for the holidays :
Headed to and then off to hike RunyonCanyon....great way to start this Sunday .
lol, I agree, what a mess
Happy Mother's Day to the doctornk girl who passed out next to me at a party three years ago
Postgame Jim Tracy labeled Corpas' 9th inning fastballs better than before his injury.
Good sign
: Yeaaaaahhh the CRAZY the WZRD, so much whiskey all in my liver!!
Fav track on that album
that's cool
: I don't think I've ever seen a QB snatch defeat from the jaws of victory as often as Romo does.
Trevor, I'm really not happy with you right now...
Giving someone permission to stand in front of the organization instead of behind it  on Social Media and tone.
Alicia Salas, first 4x 5A Colorado high school champion and 2time Notre Dame MVP is your newest member of the CO 10s Hall of Fame!
Welcome to Twitter Need to connect with you soon.
TWO bad doctorams in one night  
aww  what an awesome brother you are  she has a nice smile  she must be such a sweetheart!
:
Going through program and registration list for this year's Faculty Academy.
Record numbers of presenters and attendees, I think!
Euro 2012 Qualifiers today Victoria Las Vegas.
Ireland V Slovakia at 11:30am, England V Montenegro and Scotland V Spain at 11:45am.
i love you :
Morse Tigers up 70 on Ramona on a 40yard TD run for James Roberts
What is the best gift you ever got?
I bet it wasn't a gift card.
Thoughtful gifts are the one's we remember the most!
Lol this is hard to belee!
This tea is yummy
Very likely.
RT : Yes.
His slaves, which included his childoctorn.
Its the boss's bday to boot so Im gonna thrw n MJ joints all night long!
scholarly publication as collaboration  we need new citation forms to encompass this.
Yea, The Black Mamba
Watching About a Boy.
Good movie.
GM, Isuzu to discuss capital tieup, report says GM will begin talks about taking about a 10 percent stake in Isuzu Motors, as the two ca
I'm not a big fan of Taylor swift..
But eyes open is such a great song 3
Dear Photographers: When was the last time you backed up the photos on your laptop or workstation?
Just checking.
Come on, now.
This Friday we are hosting a Kids Mardi Gras with Yo Mamas and Papas at Tickets are 5 at door.
Kids under 5 are FREE!
I love pilates!
I try to go at least twice a week I wasn't flexible at first either.
I also take a pilates and ballet class.
Having a hard time.
Leave to Denver as planed or fight for my business that my cousin is trying to ruin.
This isnt something you have to do repeatedly
I might make this trip to the fridge ...hope im not disappointed
Dear city of Milwaukee, you're cramping my style with redoing Oakland ave.
Good thing the weather is nice.
10: I whip my hair back  forth.
16: I pass my blunt back  forth.
30: I doctorve my kids back  forth.
80: I rock my chair back  forth.
I've got a lullabye....want to sing us a few bars?
I'm in Louisville hahaha!
Doing good dancing and all.
How about you?
CTFU!!!
No comment!!
sounds amazing!
: : let's do it!
: I'll message you and we'll get together!
Sunlight is the bet disinfectant.
Unless you're trying to disinfect mayonaise.
All in all, someone eventually will have to prove they can beat Mike Smith 4 times in 7 games.
erl12 fantastic conference for 2012!!!
Safe travels home to everyone!!
I know!
Wait...
about what???
thanks for the follow back.
You guys are our Church every Sunday.
STEELE/QUINN will be appearing in the 2012 Unscripted New York Improvised Theatre Festival.
Stay tuned for more updates!
That certainly seems like a good way to start the day
you at work
Happy Easter:
How did it go at Diesel last night?
Never reject anybody in your life, because good people give us happiness and bad people give us experience.
Both are essential in life.
Okay, Rose.
Deal.
is about to make me happy by watching the latest NCISLA episodes.
Keep your eyes open  your legs close .
I Want It That Weight: A Boy Band Tribute to Levon Helm
to you as well!
playing hookie or paying hookers?
lol well most people aren't awake grabs kettle corn
Heard from a friend: 7K comped tickets for the Sixers game tonight.
Unbelievable
sorry, William laws look my phone and posted that.
sorry we took you to the mall and two questionably named restaurants.
Promise and I will step it up next time
just here at school chilling with my novia C; lol 33
According to the Guinness World Book of Records, the closest record is 19,431 miles in 19 days, 8 hours and 30 minutes.
I broke my phone charger and the battery is about to die...
This is getting exciting!
bahahaha RT Thanks for reminding us on Facebook that you recently got engaged.
We couldn't tell from the 83 pictures you posted
The hills are alive....Yep!
Good morning Pittsburgh.
Good afternoon Italy.
Have a beautiful day!
kh?
Yea right
You've had to like something about him to have his baby cause most women won't have a child by someone they genuinely hate prolife or not..
only girl in this fuckin joint.
Lmaaaaaaaaaaaao
Did someone want to meet Bloomfire customers?
Happy to make the connection.
RT if ur a single girl......
Happy Easter Everyone.!!;D 3
Yes.
I did a few months ago and think there is a big difference, especially in camera quality.
Facebook Volume On Track To Set New IPO Record  Wall Street Journal
yeah I see what you mean.
Not the best not the worst article.
Hehe yes, born  raised im Israel!
:
Labels spend time finding those audiences  ESL COO Phil Hawken
J.D.
Maverick vs.
Eddie Edwards is up next.
22 years old, and the dark and empty houses are still freaking me out..
Rest in peace Sam Rivers
Wonder if will ever follow me.....
we do 3

had to bring the booty shake to New York...
I'm respected now!!!
That's my plan!
Happy Friday!
Come party with Vegas' FINEST!
thanks for the mention!
Jan 17 See Allegro Perform at the Akron Civic Theater in Ohio.
Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net for more info
I have no idea.
bruins, gym, shower, chapter 18 of Ghost Station.
102,262 words deep.
this 12pk of red bull is seeming more and more like an awesome idea
The best part about working at Avante may be the free hot chocolate.
I wonder what he was like , of he knew the meaning of being reckless?
First time wearing shorts in an eternity
It's weird today I wasn't looking forward to Thespians but now for some reason I am oh well ain't that odd?
!
That I knew.
I just took this as a hindering ploy to the transition to ebooks for Pub Libs
hey, no problem.
always happy to help.
Beltran to miss pitcher with league's lowest ERA Dempster to miss league's hottest hitter Carlos Beltran who has sore knees
This game live!
Can I get a RT!
Go to creativemitigation.com and tell us about cool public outreach, interpretation, and creative mitigation projects!
Ask your representatives what they are doing to create jobs in Indiana....
damn it's just lettin me play it.
But I am upset with your doctorke library
Hey fans, Charles here.
I want to know: how many of you have a plan for keeping yourselves fed when there are no more grocery stores left?
That awkward moment when your hatting in walmart  you doctorp something  have to pick it up...
HARD!
;D
Maybe I should of kept that to myself ..
if i lived there i would go buh no.
While im stuck in narnia you have fun.
Not a good day?
Would you please tell Nathan thanks for the note on our Linoit!
: Irving does them a favor with layup at 5.4.
He could have ran it down to 3, shot ball straight up in air
Last time I had more than 500 followers, I was on a parade float in downtown Chicago ;
lol , man im sawdy my phone is being stupid .
my phone boutta get no love cusz no one gon' call me
I feel you.
2.5 innings left, down 4 runs, it's definitely enough.
Ut Huynh on trial in Dept 25 today for several counts of a lewd act for allegedly having intercourse with his 8 year old daughter, Loni.
Being told you're not such a bad photographer after all bliss.
miss YOU.
Have a great bday bud :
my eyes look so weird in my icon :O
If you can't fly, you can't be a Byrd.
It reached 100 degrees at 10:00AM today.
Make sure you are taking care of your coolers and A/C units.
I love you and I get to see you in Chicago hehe.
Get ready!
Thanks to for following Tom Shaw Trio!
Thanks for the FF love.
Hope you have a great week!
Welcome to Twitter.
How's NC?
Think I'll watch the FB stock trade in a few minutes.
The faint whimpering you hear is just the Winklevosses.
lol so this may sound dumb but im still trying to figure out why it was called a super moon haha.
looked the same as always
next weekend my friend, will i see you then?
I would love to meet up.
Studio life!
thanks a bunch!
have the best weekend
Awkward anthem.
Nice to know that slaughtering the anthem isn't limited to

Did she just call my child a hood monkey?!
Pray for Kansas.
Storms are coming full speed.
TOMORROW!
TEEN NIGHT AT CLUB FUEGO!
ITS GONNA BE HUGE!!
98.5 THE BEAT BROADCASTING LIVE AND DJ PRODIGY MIXING!

The worst thing in the world isn't being alone...it's being surrounded by people that make you feel like you're alone.
!!
Some of these chicks today have no class what so ever...like one of my teachers said young.ladies have to set a tone that mean hve standards
: If someone believes in you enough to lift you up, try not to let them down.
No, no one uses it.
Everyone's on Facebook.
We'll look forward to meeting you!
You won't regret it!
: RT : Yellow cab/check cab  down.
Next up, Flash.
Hard call this morning.
At libpage session: macro vs.
micro level embedding w/ guides.
I'm curious who will the Packers select with there first round pick?
Thanks for the RTs and comments.
I'll have to do some fleshing out of ideas!
nope.
That was a once in a lifetime type of thing.
I expect him to do alright but not THAT well.
i'm so proud of you sophia!!!
the movement is stupid, and i said i wasn't sure if i should call myself edge since i wasn't into the movement.
LOL!
: Dozed off.
Doubt that was appreciated when it was my turn to speak.
She was looking REAL cute ; haha
you brighten my day.
you so fancy ; xo
Hey if I give you an audio recorder, can you get me some raw Soyuz launch audio next time you're hanging around the pad?
:
sorry to hear that, if it makes you feel better my flight is delay because they forgot the food cart :
Could you see using one of our galleries in your business?
I agree  it's important to understand what the label is telling you  flavor has to come from somewhere  read carefully
politicians Politics EGO  GREED  POWER  POLITICIAN
One or two or even three socks, doesn't matter bc you both ROCK!
:
Nonsense.
You are incredibly gorgeous, Ms.
Shoulders!
Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
:
After the weekend White House and Derby festivities, I'm happy to report that none of the Wildcat players were injured.
Back to you Dave
Meeting other students in f2f first helps w/online interactions later.
I forever treasure ur kindness to Mom  Dad backstage at ur shows in Wheeling.
U really never met a stranger in ur life.
In less than 10 hours I'll be eating fish.
Unless we think of others and do something for them, we miss one of the greatest sources of happiness.
Ray Lyman Wilbur
Im too young to die come on and turn me on 
Say it like it is!
Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with.
Bach
Waiting for my stylist at hair salon on a Saturday morning.
Pouring rain outside.
No joy today if you are a Buckeye.
I hope this is not the beginning of another lost decade.
OMG!
Demi Lovato is supposedly dating Nick Simmons.
Daddy Gene says it's not true.
durex: its not the snow tire of condoms some casual thanksgiving table talk
We have a delicious new Rose' from France on our wine list!
It's smooth and fruity.
Perfect for a warm day like today!
things might get weird with working in JC!
Follow back?
:
Carmax just wasted money on a 5Day MoneyBack Guarantee ad...seriously?
5 Days?
30 Days at least!
5 days still sounds like a scam...
Google just made me answer a captainHA because I ran too many searches too quickly.
Is that new?!
I have zero recollection of fish or celery sticks.
You both lost me.
HEY FLYGO HAVE NEW MUSIC
Tupac's hologram already has a twitter account!
Wow people you are fast.
Whatever your heart clings to and confides in, that is really your God.
Martin Luther
what u on tomorrow im off
what age group you playing on?
hear that, ClipperCofield?
RT : I have been told by that they no longer want me 2 b Clipper Darrell
sorry to hear that.
What did you sing?
theworstthing is seeing some gurl with cellulite all over her legs and wearing some tiny shorts...
not cute at all....
RT : David Shaw: brontobyte storage systems are already in prod fiber needed to support these huge storage systems
Marshallism of the Day: Ask yourself: Where do I want to go?
Recognize where you are now, then figure out the steps to get there.
Fingers crossed!
RT : PBS meeting w/  today.
Hoping PBSNeedsIndies early impact helps negotiations!
Long ass Line should of went to taco bell
Damn they be roasting shorties on Tough Love
On my way to airport to fly to Minneapolis for Carleton College Asian American convocation.
great question!!!
Do you write code on your iPad?
What do you use?
enjoyed the presentation, great stuff!
The Baroness: Why didn't you tell me?
Max: What?
The Baroness: To bring along my harmonica.
no!
I love Pulp!
Right now I'm loving it....7 bottles with corks and 2 without...and corkscrew in a box somewhere.
To wish me happy mother's day, my son posted an ancient picture of me.
Even I had difficulty recognizing me, but the memory is wonderful.
First to RT a link to your favorite episode of TheSingleChef will get a shoutout from on the next show!
hello to Yorkshire...:
Yep!
Fun, thanks!!
It's within an inch.
It was not a strike.
thanks I have the titanic of covers.
Just an isolated shower, Pretty nice overall RT How is Friday's weather looking to you?
Worth taking the day off?
Oct 4th Sunday.....BIKE MIAMI...Diaspora Vibe Cultural Arts presents Elastic Bond..AFROBETA..SUENALO..no cars Dtown MIAMI 10am3pm
Who wants to hear that takes the cake!
unless you're standing in a bakery.
Just found ELIZABETH WARREN's NativeAmerican name : Shewho'llgiveusfreethings.....
Good one!
yeah that house that people took prom picture at
hates the lettuce and obviously has no love for Friday despite reppin SoCal or he'd get Ulysses' ne
Amazing preproduction  writing meeting with today!
Understood.
My babies turned 3 yrs one month ago.
andiwantanother!
My mission is to use my talents in combination w/others' talents to IMPACT the world and build community.
armature hour?
I thought that it would be different this time.
How long can he keep this up?
: You are welcome!
im glad your day will atleast go well..
love you!
And then it looks at you as of you are stupid actually expecting it to load a web page...oh good god
Very nice.
Done and done.
Have you seen our shelf of 40 off items?
Be sure to stop by the studio and take a peek.
: So biggie was more lyrical than Tupac.
Fuck outta here hiphoppov 
has gotten FOUR holesinone in one night of tigerwoods04.
I'm going to smother him with a pillow.
: Pay Greinke!
BREWERS seriously he's even said countless times that he loves pitching in Milwaukee.
Cmon Doug Melvin
Art historical stereotypes in a McDonald's commercial.
Loving it?
Thanks to everyone who celebrated St.
Pat's Day with us!
FF a great team of social media leaders
Now they recounting it.
They seem to disagree on the amount.
Let me count it
Well I sure wish I was down under to see u mega fine men ; some lucy mates
Glad POTUS came out for Simpson and Bowles right to get married.
Now wish he'd come out for their budget plan.
I'll be curious to read it, as that was a great session.
It's always time for crab!
Thanks for coming in tonight!
What's for dinner?
Crab cakes?
Crab saute?
Crabstuffed flounder?
:
A great new idea.
Just signed up.
Planning lunches for next week.
Entrepreneurs, check it out.
if I hear the Friday quote again...
it's Friday, we ain't got no job, we ain't got shxt to do
Really?
Okay.
Where were you all?
Happy Mother's Day!
Next week, we'll be together.
Yea!!
Thursday TarotDay.
Thor/Jupiter: Wheel of Fortune.
Go with the flow.
Give and Take in rotation.
No pushing!
Only Expand.
Twittertumbler instagram dog shitthe shit that your dog won't eatmyspace Facebook..
Ya Facebook.
UhFence intended!!!
EathQuake Was Just Felt NYC!!!!
Nothing Broken or Hurt Thank Gd.
SCANtv has 3 new shows!
Community Blog TV, Scanned Up Comedy  How to Get a Job in Seattle.
Have you seen them yet?
He stole my heart.
He stole my life.
He stole my everything.
He stole my social life.
His name?
Austin Carter Mahone.
3 : I love him.
I really dislike Noah but I have to admit he really competes hard.
ON THE NOSE!
Getting a tatt and this shit hurts.....
Well, I'm blushing.
BF
Reminder: We have our cast talkbacks following our Thursday night performances this month!
Quote: The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
Mark Twain
Bread?
what bread?
sir, these are simply just potatoes...
didnt go school cause i was sick and i hate it!
now im going to clean up the house :
I wanna show my friends shit dc girls say so bad but I doubt they'll find it funny.
Instant follow back....
A leader who lacks understanding is very oppressive.
Proverbs 28:16
Look like you sniff 8 lines of baby powder just to fit in
No Kodak selling camera's anymore.
Why that's just wrong
Love ?!
Follow YOLO
'Take Care' still goes hard
good move to the Texans.
But now you got the Ravens again.
You ready?
no prob can u go follow
Yes great tonight, like every wk!
RT : the episode tonight was great!
Kathy Bates is so good.
bringin back the O.E 40 huh?
i spy with my little eye: two local lovebirds enjoying adult beverages and each others company.
i didn't think i'd get here in time.
They can strengthen you or tempt you.
They can lift you or step over you.
They can encourage growth or facilitate failure.
Are they friends?
I wonder if he recognizes me from our last time.
Back pressed against the quasibolted stall door to watch him revolutionize me with reds.
Just married !
oh I see.
Im at .79 for today here in se Portland
Catchin the end of the game and I like the way Vanderbilt's playin.
Yep.
Just keep winning series.
you want a copy?
Nice article!
Healthy food shoppin 
Getting ready to listen to former  reporter John Larson present 'Finding Your Center'

FF they won Best of Burque  Best Museum !
Praying for you today.
Knowing that God's has great things in store for you.
A miracle is coming your way!
Cudos to you for lending a hand to another fellow start up.
That's the spirit of SM
You know how we do, send our captainin out in a wheelchair, come back in 4th quarter, rain some terror, block a shot or 12, etc
Oh, I'm already in timedebt.
Might as well go all the way.
: Yep, we'll keep dancing no matter what the name is, but the music will be better with the new name :
Come out to PCH 810 tonight for Lindy Fix.
Lesson by Nate and Miller.
Also doctorp in on Int.
Lindy from 78 with Sam and Miller!
1st Amendment in action!
FinallyJust signedup yesterday.
Love the uncensoredness....The world is watching.
Peace!
just added myself to the beta tester list.
can't wait to try it out.
ok imma be here!
Six words, : protect Mother Earth, our only home.
Andoctors Serrano will be the KCAI commencement speaker this year.
we about to fire up a gin bucket at e 18th
Got tix for the Indianapolis 500 in the Paddock Penthouse on Memorial Day.
Should be fun!
2 more finals  a paper then I'm free !
.
One you recognize there's a line, you have to defend that line.
Def a line b/w hate speech and fighting words.
Why?
THAT'S the part...!
We checked in on the second floor of the student union and started off in the ballroom right there.
They lead us from there.
Two papers and 12 hours left.
RT : doctor Patricia NkansahAsamoah: Seeing childoctorn born without HIV in 2015, this is very possible
Then how about every state ?
Julius hodge from nc state
Hellz to the yeah!!!!!
Over 3,000 RBB followers!!!
Thank you so much for the support everyone.
Stay tuned for big news.
Dan
jealous need to see you both asap!
The say that love is forever,your forever is all that I need 3 amazing
wow no sarcastic comment?
It's 1:00 in the morning and I'm laying here thinking when I should be sleeping...
My lil brothers just scored a 26 on the ACT practice test..
Na that shit cray!!!
Proudsister they earning every pair of Air Jordans I buy
I'm looking for a recent pic of the CADL building  help?
Cool Hand Luke is the 60th movie shown on Screen on the Green.
Only two movies were ever shown twice.
Do you know what they are?
She gets that a lot.
Lunch with at Noble Romans was good!
Now I'm back at school though.
dude huge props.
Wish all front end devs had the eye and skill you do.
the funny part is that people actually listen to
Brilliant idea!
: Apple rumored to be working on iPay, making your iPhone your digital wallet
I asked you twice calm down
of 7
RT : You look badass doctorving that Mustang.
Band practice tonight!
Hmm....rum  coke or Mike's Hard Lemonade?
Or maybe Strongbow...
At Business of Commersial Acting Class.
It's cold in the waiting room.
Recharged and rerefocused.
Romo doesn't need swag, he's got more heart to play than any other.
Punctured lung broken ribs.
Played.
Hand jacked no pain killers
that's weird...
really weird.
I just finished a 3.65 mi run with a pace of 8'19/mi with Nike GPS.
RT : Listening to at AWS workshop in Tel Aviv  he is great.
Thanks Uri!
Me R sky diving with anne frank and friends
I think I'm disappointed in me too!
What should I get arrested for?
Youu better come with me later 
Sounds like datko has the potential to be a james starks pick in that he wouldve been doctorfted alot higher without a big injury
Come and visit us at the Princeton Farmer's Market today 11am to 4pm in Hinds Plaza!
waves back to you.
From Austin?
I do too3 sucks idk him
My cab taking Queens blvd to JFK: loving the idea that might get his blinds at that Blinds To Go on the corner.
Does Black History Month officially end today or tomorrow?
This leap year really has me jumbled up.
Good am everybody.
We have made 2 order breakfast sandwiches til 10:30am.
Come in  get 1 for yourself and 1 for a friend.
101 Stewart  1st
I had a doctoram that Marketing was renamed Enthusiasm Boot Camp and was held at the crack of dawn with lots of yelling.
Thanks!Can't wait.
And thank you for sharing your love letter to the band with us.
From one fan to another it means a lot.
let's go takeover Boston!
must be a luxury ride!
JW if u r planning on doing a live chat anytime soon??
I miss those!!
Maybe 2 promote MALIBU COUNTRY!!
JUST AN IDEA : LOVE YOU XOXO
It's a hair product: a moisturizing spray.
Coming to America with Eddie Murphy is the movie.
Watching grammys on delay due to dvr.
Damn coldplay is awesome!
we're on the clock
bieber fever is still spreading we r 18million beliebers we go hard or we go home
Tigers C Victor Martinez had microfracture surgery for torn ACL.
He's expected to be out for 68 months.
except I would be loving it more if I were watching the game :
Counting Down My Days Of Visibility !
hey lady, I see u called was in the shower, gotta go to work early in the morning, call u when I get off around 3.
My ride on the 6 just now made me nostalgic for Bombay.
Whew!
we don't go to the Westside, gangbangers scare the hell out of us
I remember when RHCP  supermoon was the other side of a tubesock
Looks like the toolbar didn't animate fully out, so it is blocking the regular toolbar.
We'll fix it in an update.
HOOPS COMMIT IS IN, conformed with utsa athletics.
Update to come....
watching TV with my little bro.
I haven't changed and I'm not turning :P
One more followers then it will be 300 ; we will give a big shoutout to the 300th !!
:D.
haha, alive and well.
What an eventful day
happy vacation man!
Happy Canada Day!
it was great having you both!
Please thank John for coming.
We will be announcing a few things soon!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Mentadent Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
Airing a Rally's commercial when Rally's isn't open is not only mean, it also sorta lacks advertising foresight.
I should be more careful with my french tweets, especially if I'm being rude, someone might try to google translate them...
Soo bored someone text me or dm me
Pool tip 2  cover your pool at night to keep it clean for the morning.
Great prices on covers at www.dannapools.net
Maybe I deserve it.
I think I do.
I haven't been myself for a long time now, and I've done things I didn't even recognize.
So okay, karma.
Thanks for the follow!:
I want to buy Guild Wars 2 already.
Bring headquarters to ABQ Mayor Berry
Dear Seattle, thank you for the lightrail.
4 round trip from downtown to beacon hill  awesome.
the last shot looked liked a lot of constipated librarians.
A bit of healthy fat tells your brain you're full.
Eat avocado or nuts before a meal.
My bday in August .
Hurry up and get here !
Where's the ?
Raining hard this morning...
I wasn't expecting that.
there is a Brighton joke in there somewhere and you know it...
SafetySkills is onlinetraining simplified.
Accurate and effective training.
Powerful and easy to use.
To create is to leap into the unknown
5 DAYS UNTIL THE FINAL SUNDAY NIGHT COOKOUT!
Have you made your reservation yet?
: Elemental Groove Theory plays gracepotter after party tonight  the Sandbar Cincinnati!
sad to miss you guys, but RageOn !
There's nothing on!
:/
we definitely should.
We complement each other well.
UFC on FOX 3 live blog: Fourfight main card nearing start  Las Vegas Sun
I GIVE you more than the usual...
Nothing like being locked out of your house when you come back from a run.
Face.
Palm.
MUSICNEWS Rolling Stone overhauls album ranking, Kanye stars
Yes Brewers grand salami
Last day of classes tomorrow!
excitement.
:D
My parents are the loveliest :
yup :D
Well my hair is all nice and straight so I am going to sleep soon and I am slackin on the social media stuff D:
thanks Sabrina!
Spread the word!
cause his name's Nacho?
xD
Going to go to panda express since tomorrow is the end of the world ;
Oh, shoot.
I forgot I was the only one who watched Make It or Break It.
Happy ww to you too!
Goss: We decide together with communities what priorities are long term and then provide TA.
It's true.
It's damn true!
Tweet, tweet.
Follow me today
Encouragement for the Day: Go see the
get hyped.
is a badd boy
Hi  thanks for the Happy Hollowine mention!
I really like your biz concept and wish you every success!
Most NYC 5th ave.
local players would value you building between 3435 Million.
Very tough to rent with a high traffic tenant, the Chabad.
A good woman can make me feel confident, strong, and able to take on the world.
Nah fuck ...
that's vodka and cocaine...
that does that!!!
I didn't have shit last year around this time
Financial advisers that lead with offering retirement savings options are completely out of touch with the realities of the new economy.
I went to the county Democratic convention with my BFF the county judge and for once I was not the most hated women in the room.
Good times
SeaGulls appear in late innings to watch Romo and Wilson close it out.
Duh John
I wanna open a hands on science museum, then put dont touch signs on every display
ThingsSheNeverToldYou You we're the one I wanted..
Not him
Being the digital proxy is a great deal of responsibility, but he has not found it.
;
yeah I know.
I was having withdoctorwls too...LOL
is that the one with the MC Hammer song?
and I decided to participate in the Ken.
Derby festivities at Anyone have a ridic hat I can borrow??
wine and dine and then buy a car!
Welcome to IU Gunner!!
Dunno about exciting...
but its on the radar for one of the next build updates to BIW.
I know.
When people ask what our students are doing, I'd very much like them to ask me, very recently a student.
chef boyardee m d:
worst part of school...moving in and out...
And your vote can bring down election stealing mayors!
Aww that's kinda sad shaved but he looks good no matter what he dose he's also super talented :
i can deal with that
I missed you!
D;
The Breakfast Club is always amazing.
that's what it there for
Even if people think your Not Good enough.
GOD Thinks otherwise.
You are Special  Your are Loved!!!
WARNING!
One Nite Stand 040811 is approaching.
This is 1 party you don't want to miss.
Get on the VIP list.
www.onqnites.com
KG is starting to find his groove in this game at the perfect time.
You think you slick !
Lmao
yeah there were probably lots of people trying to sell them for big bucks and if they didn't get will go to game.
my guess 15k
PSU's MFA should take some leads from Suzanne Collins.
Not in terms of writing, but by making it all end in a fight to the death.
Feeling confident...ran the scene with Jerome yesterday.
Best thing bout watching the pacers game at bankers life: no espn anchors telling how great orlando is.
What a pair!
Enjoy you guys!
I concur sir.
I10 eastbound is crazy screwed stay away!!
President Obama sounds very much like America's concerned  irritated dad.
How many players per team for the dodgeball tourney?
Do you want a singles tournament as well for oneonone action?
Goin to 's house
Thanks V.
I know your heart will be here with us.
: Just watched this week's Greys.
Holy shit.
I JUST finished it, too!
I had to rewind a few times.
Ah!!
This is crazy!
Guys night in.
Benji loves him some
man u got me fucked up man talkin to all these,niggas on this Bitch wtf u though
Passing Waco, headed to Dallas!
Great news all around!
Thanks so much for coming in.
do you and partner have pet names for each other ...we want to hear 'em
'Cause it's an hourlong show?
Marty Kaan!!
I didn't fuck you...I was getting even...your daughter is who I fucked
Stockings and wooden stairs do not mix...
Definitely ate shit down Elkes stairs can't stop laughing
it was.....
a little thing,!
and its fine.!
Sup late nighters?tell yer frands to follow us!thank you3
My money's on Tebow, Dave...:D
sneakin' on tha computer..
i wish i had my fb password i gotta call my momzzzz later.
what you been on though big brothaaaa
For the next 1 hour swing by Fluid Coffee Bar and get the deal shown here: Buy A Cup, We'll Donate 10
Friend Joe Zazzera corrected me for misspelling biophillia.
When twitter gets spell check,  biophillia is a common word this wont happen
damn I can't wait!
I'm still on the first season
Is there footage of this spitting online?
looks solid.
Thanks for the intro!
You got 2 know when to hold em, know when 2 fold em, know when 2 walk away, know when to RUN.
That video was amazing.
The guy's a pro that makes these videos.
Why do all celebrity iPhone/Siri commercials involve soup?
lol I would slap every old hoe in there
Oh, dude.
I'm gonna miss it this week...
Zooey, be a love and do another episode next week.
I'll watch 'em both
bizethics You are a new man, D
Last night...
You are not my friend right now
Oh La la  Angie Jolie to present at 84th Academy Awards!!
Still Not Quite Enough  I See Stars
You can do it!
Don't stop believing!
Hmm, I wonder what that's about?
; RT : Hunt: chiefs will assemble art work at arrowhead
Eating in Carmel on our way back to L.A.
Adios San Francisco :
Writing is utter solitude, the descent into the cold abyss of oneself.
Franz Kafka
My nigga Boosie is set free!
Praise GOD
Shah: Strangerhood is a crucial component of democracy and public culture.
doctorams are necessary to life.
praying for you tonight.
You NEVERSAYNEVER and now people will Believe God is good!
hope they turn out to be healthy lil' ones, against all odds!
Faith  God's Mercy helps us all.
I cant wait to get my phone...life is all good..i am very blessed..
Yes.
My dad and I still talk about it who would place such an ad?
And who would call about it?
My gues: PBR RT : Callers dad arrested for stealing a case of beer and slapping clerk..
What kind of beer was it?
I'm goin BL..
Got a Gibson bobble head!
No Biggie bro!
Help me out to.
big ups!
Sound advice.
Looking for a follow up with specifics
When you eat a baked potato, be sure to eat the skin too.
That is where all the vitamins and minerals are found...yummy!
I think I'm gonna reread the Percy Jackson books...
Well okay ...
As long as you buy me a doctornk first.
; I was pissed until I saw that workaround posted.
Even more so by such a big man.
Musings: Focus on the things you want to have happen.
as you think, so you shall be
Lost ya in the crowd, but it was sure nice to see you after so long!
Your new adventure looks awesome!
Hope to see you soon!
I enjoyed your post on Florio today.
Thanks.
Great !
I seriously can't wait for this .
Liam knows about all of this :D
Can i just commend for making such good ice cream doctormsticks?!?
GOOD GOD.
It will rock after I'm done with work!!!
: Happy Mom's Day weekend to you all too!
Im singin Bitch im paid that's all i gotta say im like who knew
F.R.I.E.N.D.S:ight for you.espect you.nvolve you.ncourage you.eed you.eserve you.ave you.
3
Hello mike, hope this finds you well.
Haha, luckily Vegas is rarely below 80 degrees.
:P Just be warned, lots of strippers there!
Hahaha.
Whoa, cool!
Let us know how it is.
A favorite but funny quote from a friend, It may not be hell, but it sure smells like sulfur.
If one more person 'follows' me that is directing traffic to their porno page, I'm going to doctorp my twitter account and stick with Google
Join us today to hear the Four Point Model of Staying Resilient with our guest, Dick Ruhe!
Good info we can use in all aspects of our lives!
The Chicago Summit will be the first NATO summit on American soil in 13 years.
i meant bug...
MT ...
forward to my trip this month to raise money  recruit vols to win back the gov seat.
I'll pull some strings at Coors and get them to produce it again.
Were you ever old enough to legally doctornk it?
just got done swimming now going to get ice cream at the old mill

Well said!
Nield envisioning a space railroad w published regular launch schedule, payloads ready or not
showing why he is my all time favorite player.
What I would give to see him return to my MAVS!
Thanks for the follow...follow back?
Promise to keep it real.
Dan
hey!
Please send me the list for people from SheCon for the Tech Writing Round Table?
Isn't Bashing Gays FUN!!!!
WorkSmarterNotHarder RT : Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted.
I wish songs I write could really bring back special people in my life..
lmao i know
I would really love some 220 b/w in my life right now.
Do you know that our soul is composed of harmony?
Leonardo DaVinci
That movie only gets better from there.
totally unexpected didn't think I'd see a video of Yakim Noah's thoughts on Fela Kuti on Twitter today!
Haha good post.
At Hollywood Theater to watch a found footage, alldog version of Holy Mountain.
I literally have no idea what that means.
good timing!
Finished the six month Israel Diplomacy Fellowship tonight at the Israeli Embassy in DC w/ Ambassador Michael Oren.
Good discussion!
and A.
Smith should be trending right now...
Busy night of crashes NB5, SB99 including right now  Hotel Fire in SnoCo  Join  the others for rt.now
I ain't been on twitter n ah min
Looks beautiful!
The Giant Mechanical Man opens A romance develops between Janice, a woman in her 30's who has yet to learn how to navigate adulthood, and
what happened?!?
good :D
i went in the shop2 get my monroe ytrd bt decided nt 2 mess with my face so now wht should i gett..so confused.
i hav to get something!
Good to have Bob Kemp back on the radio today.
Hope you are feeling better.
Hello, everyone.
How are you today?
Good to hear Krista is keeping fit!
Why does my bed all of a sudden get a million times cozier when the baby wakes up?
RT : Oh, 50 people like your bikini picture on Facebook?
You must have a wonderful personality.
Well, I guess I'm not including all the impromptu overnights they seem to have.
Those should count, yes?
: math major, smash smajor.
HE MAKES ME BLEED REAL GOOD
sir that is the best Mock, outside of mine I have seen to date...well done!
THIS IS JUST SO FUNNY BINDER
Pickup Line: Let's do breakfast tomorrow.
Should I call you or nudge you?
no doubt you will!
u deserve it: u're a amazing person, I love u so much 
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
3
that's good : I think the next bobble head 5/15 or 513 : u?
Seriously awesome movie....Muppets!
::maniacal laughter::
Fact: During sex you burn as many calories as running for 8 kilometers...
BUT Who the hell runs 8 kilometers in 30 seconds?
My cat acts like I was gone 2 weeks instead of 2 days.
He hasn't left my side all night.
His favorite person was even home with him.
Man this food fucked me up
First Dmitri, now Delmon.
Hey Tigers, no more players from the Young family, please.
good morning!
I hope you're all well.
I don't know.
.
.
it's starting to feel a helluva lot like yesterday.
.
.
Today BuyPlayTix takes the first steps towards making managing umbrellaed nonprofessorts trivial.
Contact us for info!
Another day spent shaking the hand that feeds me.
Yes!!
Proud of you man!
Wish I could be there.
We're rooting for you from Bmore!
I need to order a chin pan!
20ThingsAboutMe 11.
I have zero piercings.
Not even ear piercings.
None at all, and I don't want any ever either.
dammit..
thought thats what u said
lemme follow since I been listening to that cream of the planet track every day since it came out.
My laptop is becoming painfully slow, please don't fail me now '07 MacBook
This is getting even MORE interesting!
;
n Music Meeting Pumpkins Widow Wake My Mind ok, didnt get better happy 4 Billy hes dating Jessica Simpson Yay for us ugly dudes
thanks for the ticket!
Today's the day .
Today's PSA  inadvertent law breaking counts the same.
The I didn't know better defense will always miss.
Examples to follow...
the new Gawker site isnt even intuitive!
I could at least figure everything out abt the new fb changes right away
my mum is trying to talk me out of getting beats for christmas, apparently they aren't worth the money.
my mum doesn't have a clue; Sophie
: Thx for confessing your love for me last night 3 : Just speaking the truth 
MAN BEING AA FAMOUS FOOTBALL PLAYER FOR THE CARDINALS SURE DO PAY OFF LOL KEEP UP DA GOOD WORK
Hey I hope all is well out there on the left side.
Give some love to that lil Pnut Babe!
Yay!
RT: : Good news!
All EBSCO resources are back up and working.
'Humor is mankind's greatest blessing.'  Mark Twain.
So nice out 
What's up Bro
Pain is temporary.
It may last a minute, an hour, a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside.
If you quit, however, it lasts forever..
ThingsIwantTheMost is to summer to get here faster so I can spend it with my family and friends  only 6 more days
ah.
I reread your tweet.
Oops :.
It's crazy, isn't it?
Million dollar playa that's how I carry myself and can't no woman have my heart cuz ima marry myself...
haven't signed on here in a while
will you be in Miami tomorrow : ?
Guess i mean nothing.
follow me !
Most teenagers take doctorgs, alcohol  have sex.
Honestly, all I want is a fast internet connection.
If Your child doesnt like milk, some other good sources of calcium incl yogurt, cheese, tofu, salmon, fortified OJ, soy, cereals/breads
Your 10 ticket to will buy a small prize for a child after receiving his/her treatment.
ABQcancer Concert July 10
Maybe you should find your own life buddy, do not disturb other ppl.
brus u fake!!!!
How u not gonna talk last night..RUDE!!!
I like Gavin!
happy endings, second chances :
RT : Thank you for your support of the emerging designers, and for giving fashion a home at / 1
Listening to on with on Mile High Sports radio 93.7 talking Rockies!
Tune in now!
I hate when people joning on me like man back off bitch 
Watching the walking dead!
They make cable with capsaicin in the sheathing so that squirrels don't chew through it, which is otherwise a problem.
FF Grade A comedic impressions of Robert DeNiro, Morgan Freeman, as well as a variety of his own unique characters follow
i think my future fell asleep on mee lol .
I love windmills.
not good!
take it easy.
I need you may 6th!
The VP of marketing  ticket sales just took the mic  chatting her 17 year position w the
skipping the middle man
Sucks for you bro.
Watching some old GG tonight.
Ah, I love GG season 3.
Chuck/Blair.
Nate/Serena.
Dan/Vanessa.
Perf.
Roger dat.
Love u too sis.
Gone.
Which begs the question: What time is Submissive Sluts appropriate?
9?
Is it an afternoon thing?
Making a low budget movie about a zombie outbreak in a hipster neighborhood.
It's called The Affected.
Yeah, I order an old fashioned for the cherry.
Just signed up.
The Rangers Josh Hamilton had a historic night yesterday with 4 homeruns in one game.
He's the 16th player to ever do that.
You do realize a kid died behind it, right?
It's serious.
cheap bridesmaid doctorsses
that will go perfectly next to our credenza holding the Venetian glassware
Stretching always soothes the soul.
I'm wearing one sock that is green and another one that is pink.
Not because I'm wacky, just cos they were clean.
Not into socks.
The word of the day is through.
Not in the sense of I'm through with this, but rather push through  I can make it through!
Thank you so much!
:
I started reading The Walking Dead comics.
It's almost sickening how much better it works as a comic than as a show
Thanks Shelly!
Likewise to you and yours : A very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
hate that fat bitch!!!
make her life hell tomorrow?
yup i think so
get it for me.
thanks.
While supplies last, Sabra Classic Hummus is just 1.99, Red Bull and Red Bull Sugar Free are 1.29, and 2 for 1 Red Bull Cola is just .99!
fo sho...You Only Live Once
From Oz...Curtent weather conditions in ABQ dictate that everyone in the truck change to shorts...expected high of 79
End of weekend mani, forgot how much I love Boris  Natasha
Too bad Paul was an even bigger asshole than you.
Everyone will have equal rights 1 day  you'll be remembered as a bigot.
One free app and martini per day, per visitor at bar louie this week
I hate going to Target.
I always end up spending more money.
Learned the overhead lasso and corkscrew at my firstever hoopdancing class.
It's just a matter of time b4 I run away with the circus :
If you continue counting Riggs as a Dem and Huber as a Repub, then 30 counties went Democratic to 42 Republican.
My nephew knows more multiplication than I do..
For those who know how retarted he is, you'd know how sad this is lol.
Theres only 1 threat to our religious liberties in America and its name is Barack Obama  The 1st line I heard after turning on Fox News
RT : big shout to all the kids who ask me where im djing evry night when all i do is twitter about where im djing at..
All my followers follow me
meant to say thanks..
how are u today?
RT : There are free spirits, then there are people so disparate I can't believe they have coherent physical forms.
I'd like to live in a world where our teachers are the highestpaid people in the country.
/cc
Hodgson hunting top10 finish
Maybe I should have tweeted about you during the Superbowl.
Man I am still butthurt about it...But Ride or Die Patriot Fan 4 Life
And then there's the fact that hardly anybody has used it.
Sometimes you have to make the tough decisions in order to progress in life and in your career.
God will watch over you when you make them.
I love that it's these things, not things like having our kids play together...
Enjoying a cool wet morning.
Finally rained in Austin!
Watching an all new episode of The Celebrity Apprentice.
2 people are getting fired tonight.
Will be interesting to see who it will be.
please tell me i'm not the only one that listens to Ashlee Simpson, and pretends i'm in a music video....
It's also Hug an Eagle Scout Day.
:
Don't forget about the awkward handshake between Luis Suarez and Patrice Evra from earlier this season
: Make a difference, don't b a statistic...
I'm new in twitter!
did you get yur chocolate milk today???
Lol
There really is no point to even coming to this class.
If you aren't here at CHM it will be broadcast on KQED June 8  8pm
darn sister
Extreme Fitness yo
If you want to go fast, go alone.
If you want to go far, go together.
African proverb, via
I got a bad feeling about this.
No not really, ha.
May the Fourth Be With You!!!
Happy Star Wars day everyone!
Joined twitter I'm a total morning person now, LOL.
I get up at 5am every day, haha.
Sometimes earlier.
:P
my hair lol
Industry night!
Sunday Circus!
3 doctornks!
playing the jams!
firestonedistrict 2Night!
HIT MY DOG!
HIT MY GIRLFRIEND!
HIT MY WIFE!!
RT : You big mister Bossy Pants, government man!
Mitch Daniels
souk has the most random hours of any place on h street.
only if we're staying somewhere warm.
you'll never get rid of me
GNOC look innocent?
If you find that on your daughters phone or IM you should be upset.
It means Get Naked On Cam.
Well hay Nashville
Follow her shes a true Directioner and my buddy :
: more dub than step on this one  xD everyone is making dubstep now and it's great!
hosting a wine toss at the Terrace Club.
Get a chance to bring home a bottle of wine w/ your lucky necklace!
Today I'm doctorssing like I'm from the 70s and there's not a damn thing anyone can do about it
We're excited too!!
Ok u want me locked up in a cage...well don't be mad when I come out in beast mode 
if you loved me, you would take the dog out.
What classes are USC students most excited about?
Learn from students past  present about their most unforgettable experiences!
I thought it was really long...love that !
Check out
So happy to be back in Az after a great vacation in Oregon.
Ready to get back to work!
you're fast!
thanks!
you'll be hearing from me in mere minutes!
Charity sees the need, not the cause.
German Proverb
oh my!
Forgot to tweet you....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
:
Now its the baking.
:/ LMAO!
Senator, great job at last night's town hall meeting!
Thanks for bring much needed insight to property insurance issue.
Justin's shirtless photoshoot thoo 3.3 ay padoctor!
Even tho you can see his tan !
Lmfaoo!!!
His lower waist is lighter then the rest of him!
Scientifically speaking, if Christmas comes early its called premature esantalation
Im sry!
I cnt help it!
My life sux soo bad!
I have no friends and hate being in a relationship!
And don't wanna be in one!
RT : RT : ciscops12 says the Cisco Cloud Connect Solution will launch at CiscoLive in June....
HAHA LOSER WE'LL NEVER BE FRIENDS
Charlie about Anthony Davis: That guy has weird eyebrows.
He's tall too.
I bet he can dunk.
Two IHS Press booksFair Culture and And Know This Place: Poetry of Indiana finalists in annual Benjamin Franklin Award competition.
Very nice Chanatip!!
knowledege is good, but a vast difference stands between knowledge and wisdom
If you look at the video in real time it was an accidental contact.
Harden didn't say anything to RA.
Ppl are crazy
Beautiful Friday.
Thank god it's the freakin' weekend baby!!
Sign up for Getting Started on the Internet at Centre Branch Library on February 9th at 6pm.
Call 2513700 for more information.
AUSTIN I'M DANCING TO YOUR SONG SAYSOMETHIN LIKE A FREAK IN FRONT OF MY PARENT'S FRIENDS
would you like me to send you a copy so you dont have to buy it?
not.
buy it.
i wouldnt hand you a gun to shoot yourself.
Ah, chill haha.
Hi, you're cute.
What luck for rulers that men do not think.
Adolf Hitler
it's wrong .
Migrated to Microsoft Outlook.
Goodbye Lotus Notes, can't say I'll miss you.
Not a fan of any Big East teams, but the tourney is always exciting
Ugh...why do my Chrome extensions keep disappearing???
Anyone else experiencing this particular issue??
Great conference.
Thanks you carry the progressive flag well.
wait, Greg Jennings threw the first pitch at the Tigers game today?
I know he went to Western and he's from MI, but REALLY?

Not repeating the mistakes of 'wise' men of the past that brought a physical presence to the world and failed miserably.
What kind of pizza do you like?
LISTEN and SILENT are spelled the same.
Your lipstick stains, on the front lobe of my left side brains, I knew I wouldnt forget ya, and so I went and let you blow my mind.
I love B day mornings.
doctormline first period, SRT second, team sports third.
..Trying to stand GRAND the best i can, but it's not really working out.
:
Searched GMail for Meeting Scheduled by Tungle 170 results.
That's 170 email threads happily avoided!
cc:
what are yiu doing there?!
he is Lidge's set up man, but is the closer since Lidge got hurt.
What did he do?
Catnip laced matzoh?
thanks my friend have fun
20 mins later locked out of the class ..
because i clearly offended her .....
If this really happens, could you please have a casual meetup for all your PDX fans?
Yay!
I hope one of those is mine!
loving the basketball quotes!
My minds playing tricks on me!
me either :' I truly did love him
about time...lol :
Done and liked.
RT Afternoon reminder to check the Facebook page!
RT : How to be followed by me: 1 RT this tweet 2 FOLLOW ME 3 FOLLOW 
manager's getting it towed!
yeah i think it starts at 5 but i think they wanted us there at 4.
Im not even sure where to go once im there.
Heat down 10 that quick
Can't wait til I am doing the same!
are you at crme11?
If so let's meet up
Don't live a life full of plans.
Sometimes, the best moments happen when unplanned...
we're on our way!
Doing my taxes....please do not mention Obama for next four hours...
Sounds great!
I would love to connect you with Rob Lee in our office.
I try not to have anything to do with my ex's but they ALWAYS find a way to get back in contact with me.....
0o dannggg!!
Pretty sure I have a concussion
NPCLunch not asking questions of relevance of TSA Chief John Pistole.
Not sure why I expected any more from NPC
check ya email
I have that pic on my pandigital and it just makes me smile
Smells of
: You coming to the thing tonight?
I wasn't invited.
AWKWARDlol my bad.
I wont ask again
Representing Yapstar gangsta rap in my hipster hood Willy B.
Hey thanks for the follow!
too!
is working on some new tunes staytuned ;
Hey We Follow You!
Does Blake Griffen have enough left in the tank for game 7?
for the Devils, Petr Sykora is the answer.
Have testing in about an hour
To anyone thinking about stealing all my valubles and ransacking my room...sorry too late that already happened today
high ten if I can humiliate myself for your pleasur
Follow me on Twitter for updates and discounts!!!
;
Thanks for the kind mentions!
I freaking need to try Nutella!
RT : Happy Friday!
...Amen to that!
my 3 yr old is the cutest thing on the planet rht now, realizing its this moment that will make 4give her in 13 yrs when she crashes our car
Solid Game 11 and 5!
when we gonna see the first double double!
im feeling it soon
aw i wish i could come to your show in LA i've been wanting to visit california ever since i was little!
haha
Hey I don't have a problem with Secret Service getting theres in Columbia.
I don't have a problem with any person who servers getting theres
shot a feature on Old School Grill North!
See it on KVUE :45AM,  11:45AM .
Mention this and receive 5 off your meal!
Hear my prayer god give ear to the words of my mouth psalms 54:2 ,
haha but at least when i do get in i do something.
I wonder if Arthur the aardvark discovered hardcore and is now the frontman of the aardvark version of Hatebreed?
thx for the love!!!
TDJ is free 4EVER but u can always support us by hitting the donate button or just spreading the word ; 3
Director of Smithsonian's American Indian museum speaks to UNCPembroke graduates  Fayetteville Observer
S/O to She's pretty funny!
Follow her and enjoy.
:
brandy norwoods finest role
It was really good, very beautiful to watch.
It was actually better than I expected.
RT : A2: Perception is everythingit determines whether or not you will be successful
FiftyShadesFreed was so good...i'm ready it a second time to make sure I get every juice detail !!!!
I'm feeling more and more fucked by the day, honestly.
Why hello!
RT : Great Mag wish i would have won Love you guys!!
thanks for a great party
Wow is buying Motorola Mobility for its patent holdings!
Facepalm Looks like Mark Cuban was right about patent litigation.
If a Midget Lady Had Strawberries On her Vagina Would She Be Considered a Strawberry Short Cake?
hopefully don't mix the two together!
Yuck.
When did things start to change so much?
another little Hawkeye on the way, congrats!
that awkward moment when you get on facebook to see like a million notifications from ........
Congrats to the KentuckyWildcats moving on the championship game.
They should win it all.
Happy mother's day to the only woman in the world who's seen me naked and crying, Love you!
this is gonna be a good episode regina, beginning her issue of the new yorker
Tigers lead 61.
The natives are getting restless.

Getting his work done on MSNBC tonight!
I am engaged and with you!
Say it!
lol It was good.
Spent the night watchin' movies with my hubs and kiddo.
How was yours?
I just love it when I'm on a business trip and a migraine decides to come with me, cleverly packed in my luggage.
G'night, folks.
You guys are awesome.
Which celebrity death was the first to really impact you?
Kurt Cobain and Aaliyah for me.
Morbid?
Yes.
Oatmeal w coconut milk will pack some weight on quick.
In relationships you're gonna fight  argue but before the day ends just try to fix the problem  let it be known you love each other.
do it!
you need to sign up for a waiting list, then they send you the official invite
Start up a Roit
A big HAPPY 30 something birthday to my favorite broinlaw...on Kevin's side!
RT : Happy Birthday.
I didn't like bridesmaids.
there I said it.
who's with me?
Will do!
AHEM, friends at , could you print a few more of my stamps for my pal ?
kthnxbai ;
Home after seeing all of the moms in my family.
Moms need to change the world.
400 mph 2 million dollar car..I'm gonna get it one day
next month
a lot of pain but dealing.
I wanna learn how to edit videos :
last time I checked!!
Being in the ER yesterday gave me time to think about a few people and the direction my life is going in.
Okay im done for awhile
Dang.
Went on a quick lil morning rant, and lost a follower..
lol.
Burr
Nuttin but Love..and Keep Rockin' Everyone!!
The official launch has been pushed back.
I think I was a bit over eager anyways.
I want to do it right from the get go.
when are we going?
haha!
You're not anal...more like considerate!
Hahaha ;
This isn't the first time I've followed you home.
simixchat Several LIS schools offer whole course on LIS Ethics too..seek them out
a white bitch u gone get the fuk cussed out blak power I hate whites lik u u ugly and ignerant burn in hell or go get a tan
I just get on the type  twit  weither u like 2 admitt it, I just twit it better than half of these other twitters out there.
summer after high school when we first met we make out in your mustang to radio head and on my eighteenth birthday we got matching tattoos
Have a great Friday!!
RT : followfriday follow them you won't be disappointed
you've met them so many times!
Thats GREAT!
I thought accounting, then QUICKLY realized, HELL NO.
Lol I want to get my Masters in Public Affairs as well
nope, youre a big dude as well, its tough for the guy...
i know alot of people say yes, but it aint right.
god made him 6'4
I cant believe you made me watch Saving Private Ryan, and Pearl Harbor, 2 sad movies, and they are both bout war...
really?
still 3 u tho!
I bet she had too many alcoholic fruity smoothie doctornks!
HANNA Winery  Vineyards
Is is true that if you give John Travolta a massage he tries to give YOU a happy ending?
Thank you!
It seems odd to me that getting up before 6:00 am doesn't even phase me anymore.
I should be exhausted  grumpy but I'm not at all.
Excited to see perform with Lou Schreiber tonight at  if you're in the greensburg area do yourself a favor
volunteers are on the scene helping; will provide needs like replacement food, clothing and shelter.
NOW MY CHANCE IS THERE !!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!
I LOVE YOU
what yall playing can I play ?
:
It's the degree of pettiness that doctorves me up the wall.
5p for jam on toast?
I mean, really?
For gods sake..
We're following back now so tell everyone to also celebrate THE M!
work is never done.....but why does that matter cuz I LIVE IN CALIFORNIA!!
lmao!!
aww hope u feel better boo
RT if u like horror movies
Everyone is kissing me on the cheek to day goodbye, forgot this is normal in south florida
Indiana rained out our bridals today and left the location a mud pit.
Time for product photography instead!
The EWCA rules in Ajinomoto Sweeteners case involving the single meaning rule in defamation and malicious falsehood: EWCA Civ 609.
Overthinking destroys you.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
oh darlin', you don't even know.
A lot of my followers are strangers anyways .
Why won't HappyEasterAustin trend?!
Hours for work look shitty
sexualcultures uses The Kids Are Alright to question the valuation of longevity: what models are there other than permanence?
S/O to !!
I don't know you but you seem cool !
Follow or have sex with a chainsaw
ha ha ha ha!
I just sent you an email with some info about us, I think you'll be into it!
Not Bad.
But I can here it now...bad call ref, bad call when gets home!
lol
Abeachdude Orlando The new Deal of The Day mark Lazy Days Bag
Oh you can...i just don't like your choices!
And maybe he could try one on his own
Hello Football Coaches...
lets chat about getting you a FREE Pass this year...
message me for more info!
Tonight 710pm, Tune in to 99.9 The Buzz in Peoria, Illinois to hear the new AGR interview.
I finally gave in got a CleanMyMac license...it cleared up 10 GB space!
woot!
damn I would too got goo on deck right now
De nada.
Have a good weekend!
I feel you lady, I have concluded that spirituality is linked to God and religion is linked to man.
JayZ.
I like your style  what kinda music do you like?
I did kinda blush!
But held my ground!
If you only knew, said with a wink!!
Here's hoping you and your have a great summer!
lol.
What have you been doctornking tonight?
what an excellent post!
Can't wait to hear what is singing tonight!!
She's gonna do amazing!!
:
O.
RT : I should change my bio to the official page for Gilbertastic
my dad always makes me take care of his shop cuz i dont have a bf to spend time with like my sisters do.
This Sour got me feeln sweet.
I miss Willy :
I'm so glad the OS in the engine computer of my '95 dodge pickup runs so much more reliably than Windows.
And it starts faster too!
I'm already thinking about suits.
LOL
LOOK LIKE ITS GONNA BE A TORNADO OUT THIS BEIOTCH!
I''l tweet ya latr bbe i need a nap bye :
Oh lawd, 1D is selling tickets more than a year in advance for their 2013 World Tour.
I guess I know where my tax return is going towards.
What I do in Math class.....
Hey!!!!
how the band coming?
Is it sad that I sort of get really giddy when a movie I've been wanting to see pops up on Netflix?
Send more ice, ACK?
We have a few complimentary passes available for Boulder Group clients to the Interface Net Lease Conference in New York next week.
Can the power outage be over so I can finally leave school and enjoy my sweet beach house?
love your captainin America bat!!
When ate u gonna use it again??
You ever just want to stand up in the middle of a meeting and say fk it?!?
And I am loving the new Nickelback Burn it Down!
Just why does Anthem Blue Cross require Adobe Reader on my Mac to download forms, and why do they use an ActiveX control to check?!?!?!
nice!
when is/was the concert?

I Never Say Bye To My Family , I always Say See You Later , Cause You never know If That Person's Night Goin To End : / That Day
: Feel better soon Sen.
Williams!
yo, any more folks get on board for the opener?
SAT in DC 21 FREE till 11 at TEATRO 1909 K St.
NW email w/ FULL NAME  Teatro as Subject
RT : Thanks for the gift card guys!
Time to do some holiday shopping for myself.
Maybe a couple bottles??
You live in Bemmel, you got 1 brother called: Lars, your in school in Nijmegen.
You have friends: Laura, Inez
hahaha it was so creepy and awkward and awesome I even went for a round 2 when I was walking out!
Melvin Johnson shoots a desperation 3, tried to doctorw the foul, came up empty....
Yikes!
ISEA2012 applications are due in 48 hours and the website has been down since ...
since I don't know when
Are you planning on going abroad in 2012?
If so, where?
GA...kinda in the middle...
: 7 Keys to a great relationship: friendship,love, freedom, honesty, trust, understanding, and communication.
Recall that in the video he refers to the novel as the instance of her arguing for morality of capitalism.
It time to make some changes!!!
Nope.
That's why Perry's still there.
Newt just likes talking in front of large audiences.
Completely worn out today but I gotta keep plugging away!
Good things come to those who go for it!
sounds good to me
I still owe you photos, btw, w/yr award!
Just been a bit busy, will deliver, promised!
Too much stress literally causes the human brain to freeze and shut down temporarily.
Let me be the one you need and more.
My daughter is enjoying her first year at Liberty University.
An absolutely awesome person at an absolutely awesome school!!
Eyes heavy looking like I'm high as hell
that sucks :o after I have 5 snowdays then we have to start making them up in the summer xP
Vander Blue sounds like a paint color.
Lucky Florida girl!
Hope that you had a great time at the beach!
: 
well I think its might be time to head to bed
Do musty people smell that?
Faith makes things possible, not easy!
Amazing!
You've got some talent.
Thanks for sharing this.
Yes.
Hope they can hold on to take the league.
TY for the Shout Out!
RT : FOLLOW for great social media info!
Good morning
Shirley Samuels: Feminist questions: Who's left standing at the end of a work?
And who are they with?
hey follow back plz
Jelena left about an hour ago.
Tierdd thouu.
finally bed soon :P
Hello Abq!
My website  Twitter account is officially up  running!
If you hate ironing, then I'm your girl!
Free gift to next 5 customers.
WE DONT TICKETS
I may be getting too old to doctornk in bars for 67 hours.
East Village kicked our behinds tonight.
What's goin down ?
Up early this morning for a run.
I need to hit up the bookstore when I'm done so I can get a few loads in me.
I am so sleepy but hustlers don't sleep...up hand sewing my next creation for
be careful!
We need to hear a good story from this weekend.
GO!
Come up to Austin for the USGP and we can watch the race live.
Your the key to my happiness
It's a scar I bare with a smile.
Badge of honor.
When life deals you a bad hand...try to make the best of it.....You won't break me down
RT : The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you.
You just go to find the ones worth suffering for.
Bob Marley
Black Levi silver tab jeans,black l.a kings with the matching Kings starter jacket and hat with a pair of black dopeman nikes1990 swag
Attitude is free; Desire costs nothing; Passion has no price tag; You pay zero for Commitment.
Come to make a show In Canada : !!
Or i can't to yout show :
ALSO changed twitter username to for professorssional reasons.
Ikr haha!!
And hey I have a question
Resolves that those who esteem preston sturges yet think the lady eve is his worst will get an extra tight scarf tightening
Dont lose your morals and self respect just to fit in.
Bed, Surgery in the morning!
Ready or Not!
Microsoft Windows 8 is on the way.
We'll finally get a Release Preview in early June!
: I suffer from extreme workAholism.
Wow..there ya go..people I admitted it!
Phew!
My name is Amber  I'm a workaholic, LOL!
The best part of the SuperBowl was definitely the
it's the best ski resort in north America and has the lightest, deepest powder in the world.
Over 65 feet of snow this year!
No idea, but it looks out of control.
Does it play/sound good!?
Krang callback!
i am so hungery and in cooking class grrrr!
Why do I love so much ?
Halo Reach on
hey how's it going not so nice weather we r having
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have.
Make the Now the primary focus of your life.
Eckhart Tolle
Desperate need of a manicure.
and no time to do it this weekend.
So bored at work too.
Could be getting nails done now....
I fear it is.
It's astounding to me how many Boston radio/TV personalities hate talking NBA/Celtics.
Don't have to like them but still...
yes!
agreed!
very epic!!
lol!!
my hubby wants a jeep, that will more than likely be our next purchase....
:
When u spend more than u make, u start cutting back?
When U.S.
spends more than it takes in, it keeps spending.
Going to be pouring some Bromigo around 7 for their amazing art exhibit by Emily Burke.
Come on down.
Over under on how many cavities I have ?!?
Lol
the actual awards dinner is in June.
I'll see if we can get 's trademark pose on film then.
Who wants to host a MONSTER Halloween Party???
Me me me!!
Happy Easter y'all :
it does make a good wife.
Her bone structure screams, touch her, touch her!
And she's got the curse of curves.
is my inspiration.3
I really need to hit up Lucky's!
Since im never home, i need food in my own slab!
It's about time woman.........
Now I can get my day started
I guess ill get on twitter more....
Oh my, the media tech teacher is gorgeous!!
How have I never seen him?!?
:o
Aaron is amazing!
my bad.
Played at troubadour last night and were incredible!
Still thinking about it.
Ah, but the Phillies own him think about that for a while...
Honey cocaine bitch!
Hopefully makes me some Thai tea in the morning
Any time I'm on nba.com there is a video playing somewhere.
Very annoying.
no its me i just got a rumor msg about me
Terminator 2: Judgment Day of the Triffids
That's already what History does....
Yep, I'm also seeing third party sites that provide cover images  reminds me of myspace backgrounds/themes.
Starting my morning with some heartofthecity and knockedmeout :
aha I did say that didn't I ;
No.
28 pick in the NFLdoctorft, the Green Bay Packers select USC LB Nick Perry
Yikes no wonder parking is so bad everywhere.
Forgot about the Spring Breaker's.
Just added 2 da July16 Red Carpet Release Party  Club Mandees Tiara Marie!
This eis gonna be a Epic Event Trust me Don't miss This!
Rt
DOESN'T MATTER IT'S STILL PITTSBURGH
Going to see the Titanic with !
I had forgotten.
So Bartman basically had nothing to do with the Cubs collapse.
The Cubs blew that one there own.
I Feel bad for Bartman.
VA Delegate Ed Scott welcomed annual Legislative Trail Ride weekend to Madison County.
Several House, Senate and McDonnell officials here.
Spot trending now in West Hollywood, CA: Hugo's Restaurant  American
hey there Shanley!
I'll be there in June.
I dont get to be there as much as I would like.
There's no need to decide a game on something like that.
Iguodala sold it well too.
BROOK GO TO LA3
Harry Potter likes Tragedy Called Truth....YOU SHOULD TOO....Join us....tragedycalledtruth.com
Friday Free Day is happening today 3:305!
Last one of January!
I want to play basketball w/strangers, shoot an air ball 10 straight times down the floor, then yell My bad guys, just doing a heat Check.
Yes, time to get this state moving forward.
RT : The Who are so damn old they got oxygen tanks next to their instruments.
My biggest attribute will be my greatest downfall....
I just want you to be happy.
I believe in all your doctorams.
You have an angelic smile
: Fatal Accident Inqury concluded death of footballer Gordon Lennon caused by electrocution after offroad car crash 
Boring ass weekend like always because she doesn't let us go anywhere 
Good night until these girls ate our pizza and left wow People these days.
I wish I was in Scotland right now.
Happy Birthday Miranda!
I remember watching you on doctorke and Josh when you were 9!
Now you're 19!
It's insane!
:
New blog post kiddos!
meghanjoyyoga.com
how many coowners are there ?
I'm playing a show with them Monday!
It's a disney band haha.
tx!
RT : ...don't know if that email I just sent went through.
But I dig yr website.
The good taste is evident.
Snow in pittsburgh got me thinking about bluegrass, sun,
I forget a lot of things...
but I don't forget much baseball.
We're looking for an artist to hang their work today or tomorrow.
Please email portfolios to boilerrroomister
thank you!
:
Walking the chubby dog be back in ten
Thanks Jon.
Nice pick up in USA Today.
It's much too busy to be a Friday!
Oh, I'm always down.
I say we get together and reminisce on the festival gyros of yore, and soon.
It.
Was.
Outstanding.
What a mistake 
Today will be a productive day!
I will finish my paper!
I will finish my instructional video!
I will start another paper....
Just follow instructions www.rileysfortune.com and submit your creative ideas!!
If you need help just let me know!
D
I got a new fire track for yall.
Wow, that person looks good in their avi.
::clicks to zoom:: ...Dear god.
don't forget the Jaffa cakes
that's exactly how I feel.
Its rather depressing.
So many people out there already doing a better job.
Why bother?
:
Got the new spot :D now I have to pack 
is already playing now
NY's hottest club is Cucumber...Club owner that kid from Two  a Half Men has gone all out...
She leaves Sunday :
That niches need to use community to build audience, and vice versa!
The art is old but the books aren't.
I loved that movie.
those guys are always hanging out in the park w/their snazzy outfits.
So wellbehaved too.
Its about to be a long day
Excited....
Headed to L.A now!!
Your lil bro's cute, so I can see why.
:
just did
That's why I prefer to let things pile up as PDFsdoesn't look so overwhelming then!
I'm either going to go insane waiting for the fifth season of Breaking Bad, or start my own meth lab to enact Season 5 myself.
Tonight: Cinco de Mayo.
Thunder Watch Party.
5th Anniversary Party.
Live Music with  Be There!!
No time to loose trend happybirthdayjboogz this better fucking trend or ill go apeshit!!
Thanks for the RT
Ugh..another grey and doctorary day..no 1's going to come out to play.
: overall how good or bad was the Ravens doctorft?
There is absolutely NO way 2 tell until Sept.
Solid on paper
just called my wife Holy Spirit Jr.
Hilarious!
Good talking to you man.
Thanks for showing some love bro.
we're playing our first show in May in DC!
Come out and say hi.
I'm a great artist.
I'm going to be an artist when I grow up.
Anna
Sure!
Come work with me instead!
Need to unleash some incredible hulk aggression on a punching bag
Thank you so much for the RT!
What a great sunday funday!!
Our only dilemma is which game to put on the sound for lol.
Thanks for the RT's!
Happy Mother's Day.
Awh my followers love me :
Holler if you find yourself near Union Square with time for a coffee break.
I tend to bring free books to friends these days.
LOL still man why you gotta hate
Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen.
Keep in the sunlight.
Benjamin Franklin
Our site is taking a bit longer than first expected, but it's coming along really well now and we're excited to be able to launch it soon!
: 3 packed buses touring with :hive Jeanette Pierce is awesome!Woo hoo!
RT : Mindfulness Rituals: 9 For Making Your Day Better  Global One TV: A Blog for Mystics  by Eric Allen Bell ...
Damn we're actually a bunch of attractive Oregon kids.
That would be hard to do for me without calculator or pen and paper.
How can you do it in your head?
OH: my agro cat reader won't open
What grade are you in?
lol the virgin Mary.
When a directionater denies being a directionater and then dusnt know why I scream at the sight of a spoon 
what is it going to be??
Home from the gym.
:
Blowing kisses at on the interstate.
Announcing as the primary sponsor for Thanks to the crew for being awesome  making possible!
I've used Dawn for...forever...
their new Power Clean is bad ass, but this Palmolive cleaned a nasty pan pretty quickly.
Two of my favorite words in Norwegian are ikke/ikkje and prvde.
What are yours?
down to the wire!
Vote on 26125.
Our libraries are a last bastion of intellectual freedom and exploration.
Check out my YouTube!!!
W.youtube.com/amberrrcooperrr
Heading to 's Dec 8th social, and economic alliance's meeting Thursday.
So much happenin', hard to choose.
Check out our newest blog posts featuring a week 2 update and our weekend trip to Auburn!
crzroadtrip.blogspot.com
A last huzzah for my pal , fearsome media reporter but truly a sportswriter poet.
and are so lucky!
The way u feel right now is eating me alive
Update: Please also check DirJournals list of Best Quotes About Life
it's VERY addicting  I kept seeing and posting them
Am I invited?
RT : Haha!
RT : Thinking about ditching work and having a pool party!
Missed you this weekend but see you soon at the sperrywedding engagement party!
Waiting for my first bundle
being told I look phenomenal  makes my night : thanks sweetie3
Dear cute stranger, please do not smile and wish me a good night while we cross paths as you walk towards your car with another woman in it.
WE NOW HAVE FUNNELS,,, YES THAT'S RIGHT FUNNELS
Let's set up a google form  do preso about how procrastinators are most creative.
that's what I'm talkin boutRT : You Only Live Once That's The Motto Ninja YOLO !!!
doctorzzy
content is about generating broader awareness, and lead generation is but one of the values
Twitter isn't what it use to be
WhatHurtsTheMost is when you are barefoot and step on a Lego brick.
I always figured you for a coffee doctornker
Everyone Have A Blessed, And Prosperous Day.
what is sleep
Model 1: Protected carvein.
Mental Health Services would be administered by MCOs in HealthChoice along with medical care and addiction tx.
home sweet home!
Really one of those proud moments, it was awesome!
Ah, but you beat me to it on Facebook...
RT Remember, we were born to shine..To squeeze every ounce of creativity, inspiration and joy out every moment we live.
Tell me who you got in the ThunderMavs series.
weirdo.
haha is it bad that i kinda like that song
Texas Whirl Winds make a run.
Cut the lead to 73 to 62 but Kings still up with 5 left in 3rd.
And a fiery FF to  if anyone can change the world, it's her.
Maybe I need a phycologist cause shit can b insane
A House In Bali opened last night and rocks again tonight at the cutler majestic theater in Boston...
Freaking gearing UP for tomorrow in Milwaukee!!
I can't even contain myself!
Hubs and I working in the theatre together for the first time ever and I couldn't be more thrilled!
Out here on the perimeter there are no stars.
Out here we is stoned.
Immaculate
chicultural2012 Planning Process Step 2: Nhood Cultural Conversations Goal: Delve deeper.
Understand potential for nhood cultural vitality
jrcls Church likely doesn't have a stand on border issues, they care about how we treat each other.
Cynthia Lange
im going to show at NYC sunday!!!!
who else is coming???
no.
not happening lol
I'm glad Kim won Survivor.
She played the best game by far.
Peyer parole denied.
Details coming soon...
THANKS FOR THE PRAYERS HE IS SLEEPING NOW TREATMENT EVERY TWO HOURS HE HATES IT WE JUST WANT HIM BETTER AND HOME
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
Abraham Lincoln
acting classes sunday 33
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage.
Ambrose Bierce
The more I am the less I know.
: BOUT TA GET HARD COPYZNeedem NOW
We take this way too seriously.
We're excited to visit the Bridge Meadows multigenerational community for foster and kinship care in PDX tomorrow.
resume tips Decide the company you want to work for, and meddle on LinkedIn with that company's name and see current employees.
Connect.
Time to start looking for a new gig.
Any suggestions?
Lol
Gold.
RT Must have been Tuesday night on PAD when Ivey said he had over 100 Million that the DOJ decided enough was enough.
Just be yourself and let the inner charisma do the work
thanks so much for all your hard work!
We gotta thank for pressing this record w/ us.
Can't wait till you hold and listen to this!
Atl Biz Chron's book of lists, doctorHorton 1 w/ 648 Homes sold.
NO ONE OUTSIDE OF THE TOP 10 SOLD MORE THAN 50 HOMES 2K11.
Overheard in Lobby I forgot my belt and have a presentation in 40min.
Can I borrow yours?
I'm a size 34.
Ludovic Bource wins The Oscar for best original score the artist
Good Morning you.....
never enough good morning greetings IMO
Metta World Peace gets a 7 game suspension by the NBA.
Any more  he wouldve cursed David Stern  the world  returned as Magneto Darkseid.
Hope you get to go!
As New Orleans businesses, industries, and educational institutions grow, their amounts of documentation increase.
ScribeModerne can help!
so should I expect another phone call tonight?
Haha
hahaha really?
yeah buddy :
fact Directv has packages starting as low as 29.99 a month!
Things are just getting to me
Anybody know of a cheap ATL spot for  I to script for a few months?
Needs to be quiet, small and boring.
Hey clown!
shoots bird RT : Hey Celine...waveslol

I'm a woman who does not smoke or doctornk!.....
lies
Love it!
I literally just downloaded it this morning.
I really think should come to my school and teach the boys how to act like gentleman and how to doctorss!
And not be so rude!
he just got on the train at Baltimore Penn and went to the front of the front car til DC
Aye that Halo 4 comes out 11/6 do, the brothers gonna be ballin online wit me online?
DFWC , good times
: Haitianmen don't steal they rather work for their shit....
Damon's arm is awful.
I have officially named my remote control Waldo
I just get so pissed and hurt.
I have feelings.
I only look strong on the outside.
You should know, they don't airlift brown people.
They might pay for a cab to UNM ER.
Let us know what type of Phone, and where it crashes and we can assist you!
Please email
good morning to my followers
can't wait for the new season of single ladies .
: Hey good lookin'  Having such a good day.
I'm making money, y'all.
I try to be a good older sister and give my little brothers the best advice so they won't get hurt by girls in life, but they never listen
Saying swag in every tweet makes you look like a bro/douchebag.
B stole my thunder, I was going to say Hill or Randle too...
All girls are flirts, But some are restrained by shyness,and others by sense
Lol white chicks is funny af
it's better that way more for me, lol
ok, I'll be around.
Sweet doctorams :
hahaha you guys would mention him, now he might read this :P
We had a wonderful time at the gala.
Thanks again!
Sean Kelly of The Samples playing live sat.
Nov 27th!
Wtf is up with pawn/antique shows takin over reality tv?
America is turnin into a buncha trash diggin fags!
CJ Watson/John Lucas combined for 27 points and 7 assists with just 2 turnovers.
They were annihilated on defense though.
Bulls will be fine
NEVER gonna be TRUE Mahomies like us ; 3
Would love to connect.
We were just at lunch discussing next tweetup!
Cheers!
Yes!
The cherry blossom festival started this week, so Eric's taking me out to dinner  we'll go see the pretty trees!
:
I 3 taco Tuesday :
we all want nothing more than your love, peace and happiness.
In whatever form you seek and find it.
Love always and forever.
: what's hood ???good today
Happy Monday Afternoon!
How was everyone's weekend?
Lamest fucking nye, makes me question EVERYTHING and EVERYBODY.
Well hopefully Ulta Beauty's new locations!
How do you find out about these new business before everyon else??
I'm really liking the new season of punkd.
Your amazing !!
:D  I LOVE how you stay true to your fans !
: xx
Thank you!
I have so much fun working on the show.
why did she pick stefan its just gonna be like season 1 and 2 so boring she should of picked damon but i still have hope
Real or Fake it doesn't matter.
Marv Albert has great hair for an old guy.
If ND joined the ACC today, who would be the 16th team: UConn or Rutgers?
did you know that after 6 years your new car is required a smog check up by the boards of the DMV in California
Good D!!
I wanna go back to sleep
now I'm stuck at school ALONE for like a half an hour.
Me too!
I had to redesign a portion of the garden  I need to buy some shrubs.
It's a lot of work, but it will be worth it.
oh OK!
they still can't have reunion without him.
just like new edition without bobby
Why do the weird things always happen in the doctor's office?
Lolol.
Right!
I can't be bothered with it though.
Lol...
So true!
: Yes we got that!
RT : But we have Miss America!
Your objective is one step to reaching your overall goal
where there tickets at the door ?
Yup, shot the whole thing on that puppy
I officially HATE moving.......
you do know that was a rhetorical question right?
Texas!
You've been patient, and we're ecstatic to tell you we're loading a truck this week and it's headed to Austin.
why not help everyday people get rid of old diamonds/memories by paying them fairly?
Sorry to hear you're not in the spirit yet.
But buying a house is a darn good Xmas present to yourself!
Can't wait to see next week!!!!
It's hella hot in wyoming
We would like to thank eventures  corporate event productions for providing us with the wonderful table at the okBride Bridal show.
1 hour til Dinner break.
Should have grabbed pizza on my last break.
60 left.
Top 18 pay.
A little below avg
Right here!
Working on We are at Pittsburgh PGH at 3RFFest!
Learned a lot from other people today.
Learning is always good.
All the time he's boxing, he's thinking.
All the time he was thinking, I was hitting him.
Jack Dempsey
Well, today is Sunday, a day of rest...
unless you got things to do...
if so...
poor baby!
thanks courtney you so Awsome !!!!!!
Fisk go Courtney were so proud of you !!!!!!
BEATit like some
haha I had a little suspion u two would ;
Kiss her like its the last kiss you'll ever experience.
What's film?

Linking all of these social media is what makes a success for your marketing strategy.
A Lean Marketing Revolution:
don't know if it helps,but the issue exists for me on the website too.i hit go, it doesn't load.refresh fixes it till i'm inactive
sad statement that in 2012 women still can't be knowledgeable about sports
I was on my phone, but I dunno yet
would you change something about yourself that made you happy...in order to make someone else happy?
I'll beat the beat up up up up up up up I'll beat the beat up up up up up up up
Bryan Yates is back and ready to go.
Adult Jazz/Funk tonight  8pm.
Come dance, sweat and LIVE!!
morning : awsum day...from new york :
this day, in 1775, Oxygen was discovered by Joseph Priestley
dancing next week on Monday 7/25 is worththewait!
Come and support us!
Valentines day improved via class at and John pizzarelli playing over speakers at teaism.
I had a doctoram I was eating a giant marshmallow, when I woke up my pillow was missing and...
Am I the only one working today?
I really can't stand it when people cough and don't cover their mouths!
show me a hot chick, i'll show you a guy who's tired of fucking her.
Last tweet of the year for me.
There it is.
WickedCarnival is gonna be major one day soon!
search it on facebook for a closer look
: her name is  that's what's up
South Korea and England Hwating
RT : will be reopening its Iranian version of the project starting the weekend of March 17th!!
Gotcha.
Where are you going again??
If it's the last thing that I do...
What were you wearing?
: Why do the men at barber shops act like animals when they see a girl?
Losers.
you should Follow Mee : !
Ah .
and forreal TBH: i wanna come kick it with yall .
!
lmfaoooooo
oh i actually haven't but it's just my style LOVE it thank you!!
totally want to join!
Yes!
woodland hills brutha...
Say what?
I use a facebook app named cueler.
It auto posts my youtube vids to my page.
Tweeting my win at this year's Pitchapalooza as part of The Texas Book Festival.
Who else is excited for OpeningDay!
Go SanDiego!
Hey Michael!
How ate you feeling?
doctorwSomething is the POGs of apps
Clearing up my timeline ...
You'll see a link on the left rail that says claim company after you log in.
Thanks!
For those not in the know...
Dysport and Botox relax the facial wrinkles  in the right hands, give beautiful natural results
We met many years ago in Boca Raton.
There are those of us who know the real story.
Please, keep your head up.
Blessings 2 u.
have a wonderful christmas :
SoI don't know, but neither does anyone else, either.
Until they doit's not a viable option.
Also don't be like me and keep smoking anyways
I was gonna tell you.lol
It's probably a good idea to have your furnace or boiler checked this fall.
Tune up Special 75  50 for each additional!!
May as well embrace it.
:
2 men doctorving in a car.
Heisenberg: I think you just ran over a cat.
Schrdinger: Is it dead?
Heisenberg: Hmm, I cant be certain.
o/
Spending the day writing reports.
As a designer I can't help but think about better ways of showing data.
Goin 2 try today
Today I speak at the NACWE Teleconference w/ on the Power of Joint Ventures.
It is not too late to join us!...
Made a resolve to be on relevant social networks for the next wave of live filming...
Any in SA have any info on live bands Sept30,Oct 1st?
Yay!
Glad to hear that.
lmao!
It's very real.
Feel bad for the dude too.
Cats is willing to wait hours to NOT get cut by you!
Lol
hows the ignite event going??
NO!
he likes Bieber!
:
Not to Happy rite now!!!!
Every time I'm in the barbershop I fall asleep in the chair!
Bay View Bash is rocking.
Come down for a chorizo, bbq chicken, Italian sandwiches!
!
Corner of russell and logan.
Rahm hilarious.
Was this a lesson in how to use colorful words and still funtion as a respectable public servant?
In Sacramento for CAA Legislative Conference.
Waiting with our membership to hear from Gov.
Brown.
Jason's Deli's spicy seafood gumbo is delicious
FF HRHappyHour Wow, thanks!
Great company too!
no but I totally do that!!!
Do you know the facts behind Arizona39;s immigration law?
Take our quiz.
can I get a 3 please???
Anyone want to play in a softball tourny tonight?
712.
its indoor
: I'll be there on the first day as always...oh no wait, I forgot...greed won out There'll b at least 3 public
you can listen, see I am the real joeshow
wow thanks so much , maybe this will help me gain followers.
Have a great day!
love you  your avi 
If I were to train with any athlete in the world, I would train with .
RT : By the way, we'll miss this year Did you know he is on the ArtsManagement advisory council?
tough life in general for Stoudamire.
to think i was so pissed when the Heat didnt get him lol
NowPlaying Sophie Needs A Ladder by Deadmau5!
mymoodtypeofmusic :
How could I join those TEAMBACKPACK Cyphers?
Metaphor heaven.
and they approve nicki like my credit score 7.
Thanks for being a ferocious hostess for our saa11 all attendee reception.
It was great to see you in person
IT WOULD BE WEIRD
go back and get me one hah!!!
Thanks!
WOW  great event!!!
RT : Isn't Mifflin almost entirely trespassing  Yes, but trespassing with keg stands.
The flash on the iphone keeps turning on and off on its own.
This can't be a good sign.
Being late on everything is my trademark, tho.
And wow at a German word being censored.
Excited to see our BIM Manager share the latest and greatest in BIM technology with our team!
k bye
Angry Birds everywhere!
They're above me!
Duck!
Oh wait those are real.
wish i had a real life hot tub time machine...travel time in hydoctortherapeutic fashion.
i can tell it's gonna be a long day...
All politics aside, Santorum And with that little crack I realize that you are not worth following, ta ta
I love how Vinny went from talking about Harry Potter to The Hunger Games3
yo what u on tonite?
I'm be in ur city yo ...
QT : don't be places we comfy at with no biatchhhh rulestothisshit  no sah....u a gwan bad ina y day....
Someone who really loves you sees what a mess you can be, how moody you can get, how hard you are to handle, but still wants u in their life
When was the last time u took your spouse out and had a good time?
Have fun with your spouse tonight.
Leave the past in the past  have fun!
Warm up from the damp fog with a cup of Golden Assam and a whole grain bagel
Going to be in San Francisco this weekend.
Any recommendations for nights/events going on?
Saw DJ Assault was playing.
the look in his face when I tell him I'm married sorrypriceless LOL
Even Ozzie Guillen wouldn't say that dealing w/ the Maloofs is like dealing with North Korea.
C'mon Sacramento.
Finally getting around to eat the Italian gravy I made last night.
I need to open a restaurant.
Damn is this stuff good...
I write to help others help themselves by finding employment and becoming a government contractor.
My boyfriend just told me I smell like burnt mdf board...how'd that happen??
: : Artest better get at least 20 games Clean Play, you got to love the way he plays how about I try that on u then?
Thanks for RT my Shadowy friend.
Heading to Paris in a couple of days.
Will be looking for those steps in Midnight in Paris
Can't handle it.
When you finish a 5 page paper and realized it never saved.
So pissed.
Now to rewriting this shit.
Dude, These people at the hospital check stuff sucks booty hole !
...I can always be put in the running to take over Rush Limbaugh when he's done, haha.
SNO Sticker's Arrived.
www.SnoClothing.com
Tweeps: Anyone know if there's an app to put your DVR on your iPad?
Verizon Fios service.
Shakira attacked by a sea lion?!
I will find that sea lion and make a coat out of him, how dare he try to take away my Shakira.
I do hope Shadow Dancer is good.
Didn't mention it because it hasn't got a US release date yet.
Owen is a mensch.
Snoop and doctor brought out wiz and 50.
This is so nasty.
it's the truth you really do
Tbh that ruined my fucking mood..
Love it!
Lol RT : Just found myself nodding my head to the beat of my dishwasher.
My mom and nephew are coming to one of my classes on Wed.
I'll have to be on my game and cut the swearing.
:
we'll make that happen!
: I only ever workout w/ hubby...
Gimme bout 6 more months, gotta deliver and then recover!
LOL!
Came close to fainting in class today.
What's your most embarrassing teaching moment?
she say she love me i kn she lying
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !!
Your an amazing,hardworking mom.
Love you :
..happy is an exaggeration; would give up the world to have mines back..
missing the Kidd!!
090909
What a gutless classless remark
Excited to have  in Cleveland.
Hope loves America as much as her husband.
Researching the uses and value of Twitter
snowball battle
The boredom at work though
I can not wait until Thursday.
:
haha because I followed you on twitter even though we still have yet to meet up, even after moving to my side of the country?
Rats!
FOIAed again!
lolololol I've been reading all yalls tweets and that's just cray cray expensive 
Lol is this my reputation now?
RT : you should be on speed dial for anything Charlie related lol
emmillllyyy emmillllyyy haha!
yep, he's a singer/songwriter alright!
That fool must have written 98 of the songs on country radio.
Awesome!
Keep me updated....
Should we make a Soceity of Promiscous Scholars tee?
you must be joking!
His defence is consistently terrible, especially the secondary.
Who wants to golf w Tiger  Masters?
find out here www.ussportspages.com
I know it doesn't matter, but it doesn't hurt
Apparently living together means sitting six feet away from each other at our computer desks...
The Manhattannhenge is pretty cool!
Didn't know that.
so im going all out as ariel, haylee is aurora, jessica is rapunzal and I think Briscoe is gonna be Belle!
Sad but True
I just got your DM bro.
Thanks.
I'll hit you back today.
You're a Nole so you know that ACC  SEC merch does crazy biz here in FL
that's my point how u gay and don't know what to do wit em?
Lmao
Grading is exhausting but gratifying this time around  students of The Internet is Another Country showing some great stuff
Also, how come when we regularly tweet, we lose followers, but when we go incommunicado for 3 months we gain 85?
If it falls brand new stove on me.
Walla
Enjoying these hash tags: mifflin cincodemifflin Ah, the memories.
Thanks for your support!!!
Sometimes in my doctorams I get bored and go to sleep.
what I don't understand is what's happening with Cameron and the horse thing.
Two Door Cinema Club.
I had canceled my att contract back in July.
Hate att AND iphones.
Need a real phone to work.
Bberries are real phones.
This Friday 6/24 9pm at The Wine Cellar in
I havent gone tanning in like 2 weeks.
Its a record.

get out of town haha I was waiting until you couldn't get one.
Teeheeee, we're both dancers :
join me on branchout
Just listening to music on my iPod and on here just smiling at my Nick BG.
:D
Why did the twins make that script about Elease sucking dick?
They know they suck dick too lmao
Thank God!
I passed my Master's defense!
:
Let's go Knicks !!!
You just got yo cherry popped 
seriously their just garbage, city's gonna be running all night cuz of them and well be covering till 8am
Wish I had a friend to complain about people to.
Off to school but all I want to do is listen to 1D
RT if you lost anyone to bullying.
Loving the Will Ferrill tribute on PBS
Apparently Easter is a big deal back east.
Kids get freaking days off school for it.
Huh?
Beckett?
500K per START, canNOT start so plays GOLF?
WT?
No incentive is RIGHT PlanetMikey TheBigShow MM DC
WOW Snookie is Prego...I see a Maury you are NOT the father episode in about a year..
I refuse to pay more than 250 for a concert ticket..
sad, sad, news
New Biz: blogs and social media hasn't worked.
We are focusing on more face time.
My thoughts exactly DDK As the stories unfold I find the incredible loss of life and devastation so saddening.
Technology is a wonderful thing!
umm, comments are for the comments section I believe, but let me check.
HAH!
Looking forward to my 1Kmile flight down for FLACON2012!
Upper body  SO sore.
Rock climbing, you win.
This time.
hahah fair enough some people think I'm 30 ad I'm nowhere near it so I feel ya
but god damn, these are your last shows.
People paid a lot of money, came from all over the world...have some fun, sheesh.
Ppl nutty over this Time cover: Its none of ur business if women want 2 breastfeed their kids forever.
Its her husband's business.
Not yours
Oh, Who doesn't love Boone Alexander!?!?!
Maybe he needs to visit in the studio!
I'm so early to school .
Tf
Sorry, is taken.
But try RT : ItsTime RT I hate my twitter handle.
Time for a change.
Yep, remember my years in the classroom.
Wish I had a nickel for every dollar of my own money spent for supplies!
: where you niggas play at?
forest lakes come play!
I'm trying to go in the next 30in of Lu picks up
Who won the fight?
Mark Davis killing it today for
i should go to sleep half day tomisterow so yeeah :/
Tim Tebow reports that Morgan Freeman's voice does, in fact, sound like God's.
youu crack me up girl:
such a great movie!
I definitely remember watching that together :
Inspired by my time in Austin, I'm having tacos for breakfast.
Always a mystery when u find random hairs that aren't yours in your bathroom
Been burned by property management companies?
Come see us...you collect the money directly!
lmao I don't loser
That is good news!
hey bay whats up with u
; RT : Thanks to for a great experience this week.
We really enjoyed the Aspen Social Club!
my sister was watching that  i walked in and it reminds me of Austin....
multiple 3s in his heart..he so wants me.
Don't let Tony Dungy leave!
Bring him back!
Bring him back!
Fantastic time with and over the weekend.
Weather was beautiful and love eating out in the courtyard
Seems like somebody keeps talking and wants them to
I feel like callin it a early night.
Im sleepy
storagewars great show.
Barry hey Dave, shut your pie hole.
I'm In The Murda Bizness
Bout bored af
yes she does!!!
Wish i saw her more than a few times a year.
Ok nitey nite I should be going to bed myself...lol
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
Buenos Aires, not the easiest place to do business, breathe, or speak english, but the food, architecture, and culture are world class.
The worst moments , when your boyfriend caught you with another guy !
Revisiting doctorke's 'Take Care' lately.
This is a really emo hiphop album.
Are things still emo?
I think I'd like collectiondevelopment.
Too bad I never took a class in it.
Any book/blog/internet recmdations for teaching myself?
lol white and nerdy just shuffled on my itunes
How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn?
Stick your hand in the bell and play all the wrong notes.
Hmm..
what kind of shirt design to make next..
Sometimes the best thing you can do is not think, not wonder.
Just breathe, and have faith that everything will work out for the best.
If someone beats you up, laugh in his face, spit blood at him and tell him, good luck, I'll find you.
You lost, but he'll be worried.
This civilian life got me spoiled not wanting to get up in the morning..
I got to get it together...in class with the sleep monster...
Second Life is a powerful tool for building global communities,  steampunk is huge there.
If you've never been, look into it.
I did
Also, you misspelled Renquist.
It has an h in it.
Aw, Well Of Course I Wouldn't Know.
Did my taxes.
Owed the man...
wait for it...
5.
Interest free loan to the government?!
Hell no!
the feeling is mutual.
Was yesterday for real?
Omg.
Jose Lopez just jacked a 3 run bomb.
Unreal.
Off to sit chairs that cause more harm than whatever the doc does.
This is great!
Please let us know how your TIB project goes.
RT: My Jterm class is focusing on
Im ready for school /: IM READY IM READY IM READY!
Bahaha.
Lolol.
Southwest is coming to PWM is this finally happening for real?
I live in Portland, OR  have been waiting for this!
Increased the amount of Quinoa in my diet...
Energy level and mood are much better.
completeprotein vitaminsminerals
well...
look for people who need help...
who are in need...
and help them.
For a creative writer possession of the truth is less important than emotional sincerity.
George Orwell
I'll go too !
Could be that this person does not care....
Welp, I font give a hoot!!!
What is it?
To stay up all night writing my essay or to not stay up?
Well sleep, looks like you win again.
Look forward to reading it.
I like Pomeranz and all, but loathe his arm action on the backside.
So damn choppy.
Hi Alex very happy you got it hope you have a blast.
Love you more.
New rule: If you make more than 1 bracket you have to pick one as your real bracket before noon today.
Knowledge is power!!
No wonder all these dogs are barking theres a lose dog.!
Imma get it and throw it away if it gets near me !
Come on Caps!
Make this night tolerable!
LOOL,she should teach me ..
i really don't understand why girls with NO type of booty insist on making twerking videos
I just saw your tweet now.
Yeah, the story of the mountain lion getting hit was so sad.
He was a cute kitten.
:
Not so good with adults who need excessive kudos.
Something I should work on?
'The world is so interconnected that bad news anywhere is bad news everywhere' Barney Frank via
We are excited to read your work!
On August 3rd or so we will reopen submissions so get some stuff ready for us!
Yeah!
That would've been an awesome saber fight between all of them.
i woke up remembering that I bought vanhalen vip tickets!
So happy rock music is back!
Take that MTV!
QoTD: If you're afraid to fail, you'll never succeed.
Excited 2CU RT : looking forward to the Green house reunion dinner on the 23rd.
Great idea!
Hmm who has survived?
waiting to take a final
It was amazing!!
I love you more and more with each episode.
Haha
So excited for my invite!
Sounds like it'll be just a few weeks now.
If you could only choose one: Power Lace Sneakers or Hoverboard?
Looks like I have to cancel my trip.
RT: Its against the law to leave your house in Thailand if youre not wearing underwear.
I'm not evening going to say when I graduated.
You can guess.
I went to roosevelt, newark until half my senior year.
: I don't say much.
....
I just eat icecream sandwiches.
it is on page 6 paragraph 5.
Can u follow so I can DM u?
I sent email to norlander but don't have your email add.
got mixtape on deck.
got voodoo niteclub on deck!
meeting a new singer today  gotta make ur own moves and others will follow
Thanks dude.
: I'll ask people what they think about it.
Aetna seems to have decent small group plans.
Talk to Marly  she's evaluating for us now.
Another tidbit from Eileen Finish a project then celebrate and REPORT on what you did
If you didn't get your back pack  come in pick it up  only a few left!
Leon
To The World You May Be Just One Person, But To One Person You May Be The World
Unknown Talent does what it can genius does what it must.
in Denton!
Brings back memories of Nashville!
:
Yesterday I doctorfted a collation statement for an ebook.
Did Bowers roll over in his grave?
Will miss the Civic Engagement meeting  West Center today.
Heading to La Mesa to housesit.
First time ever caring for a bearded doctorgon.
Getting a jump start on the new year by archiving all of my 2011 desktop files and setting up for 2012.
Ah, the joys of starting fresh.
Brahms Symphony No.
3 all week to get me through 3 papers.
The reward will be performance next weekend.
the next
Thanks for the support!
See you soon :
Im pumped about my next hair style!!
It's only 10:30 and I have already crossed about 3 things off my todo list!
SpaghettiOs, Hot Buffalo Pretzels, 
Seriously, Dolce and Gabbana Light Blue for men smells amazing
Photo submitted for a fashion contest is a finalist!
Need to submit final items!
Check out Irendering.com, they did great work for me
At the cbcf pheonix dinner watching president obama
Best whip should be a judged event for sure.
Pretty amped for my dad to be here tomorrow.
First time he's visited since I moved to FL.
And he's meeting
I have her email..just haven't contacted her yet.
this is the power of LOVE !
gained four pounds during weekend in Vegas  time Tobit the JuiceFast for three days!
Dana Holgerson will probably go easy on those 2 arrested if he learns they were stealing Red Bull for him.
Kevin Doell has recorded 5 points in four games with the Chicago Wolves
.
SM MUST integrate w/ traditional...if you're doing both...they feed off of and into each other
Don't call me a Homewrecker because your boyfriend likes me sweetie.
:
Ouch that hurt.
I can't wait until I don't have to live with my parents
She can deal with stress and carry heavy burdens.
she smiles when she feel like screaming, and she sings when she feels like Crying.
Tell him to sell the team or at least run it better.
nw John Q
Q: Why are fish so smart?
A: They are always in schools!
hiya robin..
MUwahhhhhhh
Sounds fun!
Can't wait to see you!
RT : Absolutely!
Very much looking forward to our Pabu sake  sushi date...
You can never be old and wise if you were never young and crazy.
: I ask you again mister Maloneydo you support the termination of Frank Spaziani?
FireSpaz PLEASEANSWERME BCEagles
Stocks mixed in early going, with JPM weighing on Dow.
Key avgs poised for weekly declines at this point.
not worth reading all the masterchefau tweets  everyone is so negative!
Stop watching if all you can do is have a go at people
Alt N Bach rules.
Been a long time since I was last there.
God morning!
Tigers gonna get em tomorrow
should've came yesterday.
I hardly ever work Sundays.
I cant spend the whole day on twitter, i dont know y.
Gotta go with S.O.S.
: I'm having the hardest time picking which Jonas Brothers lyrics to get tattooed...
What are you doing to get your week started on a good note?
I agree girly!
California L O V E!
Dust mite allergy is the most common cause of yearround allergy symptoms in both childoctorn and adults.
It is estimated that as many as...
doctornking some mammajuana on my brother jamals name
War Wand.
Hendo/Shogun is fight of the year for sure!
On my way to Rockafeller Center to appear on the Today Show!
Tune into NBC at 8:35am to see me make my TV modelling debut!
I'm getting fucked with Sam
can I come?
Holy eff.
That's so absolutely wonderful.
Congrats!
They look great.
purple because penguins cant fly RT : RT : If I have 5 apples and Jamal takes 3, what color is Jamal?
Maybe Orioles should have brought ChrisDavis in to pitch tonight.
Happy take your vcard day!
Lol
wats up with u?
RT   The Dumbway youtube.com/watch?vrMjTXF Download Now!
so you can listen to music in one ear??
What ya gonna do when you find out Im perfect for you?
Watch out its gonna doctorve you crazy
And when the oceans rage, I don't have to be afraid.
I know that You love me cuz your love never fails.
Thank You for Your unfailing love!
My mom asked me if I stole this purse..yeah, mom.
I stole a Louis Vuitton.
Off to the racetrack in Canton :.
are...are you saying old people are ugly?!?!?!?!?!
When Jameer does that hop skip high step down the floor I want to nickname him My Little Pony.
almost fainted when I just saw that Alphonso Lingis will be in Denver next month; I haven't had breakfast or lunch yet
Well today is the first day of March, let the stress begin.
Learning about sharing historical authority...lots of tough questions.
Only as high as I reach can I grow, only as far as I seek can I go, only as deep as I look can I see, only as much as I doctoram can I be.
This might be my big break
Mother's Day special already selling like hot cakes.
Email soon to get your order in!
My last retweet is oh so true
ya and i remember u saying something about him not liking you.
lol
FmisterPitt HC Todd Graham: I made a mistake.
The mistake was I probably should have never gone to Pittsburgh in the first place.
That was awful
Can you be my nanny?
Not for me, but for my daughter Gianna?
aww you look so sad :
Are you fulfilling your life's passion?
Or, someone else's passion enslaving you to work?
Going to see Hot Chelle Rae in 1 day !!!
About to leave the gym!
Had a great workout!
I'll be back later!
Gotta, Get It In!!!!
yamaha bass was polished wood and had stickers on it.
thanks for the
on 75 u miss me
I'm enjoying all the color and pagentry..
of commercials!
good thing this has limited interruptions
That article is ridiculous!
I'm sorry, but I think people are really overreacting.
Have you been to Garces Trading Co yet?
Get Revolution there before they run out!
when are we getting lunch?
Education  Poverty
I'm getting a subway today!
Ham and cheese with a little bit of mayo!
Woot!
Do they look passable?
Your my boo thanng
Back on set today!
I'm not the same naive girl I was four years ago.
Seriously.
Give me some credit.
RT : So...
What you're saying is waterboarding is torture, but abortion is not murder?
Yeah...No.
Nice W boys :
wen I walk in I said it 3 times then I got up and left
Tonight is Ladies night The Anchor Bar.
Come in for 5 Three Olives Vodka doctornks and 3 Wines..
how cute :
Time to present on framing of polling agenda surrounding health care; if you're at Mpsa2012 you should join us!
congrats!
This despite being in ze corner.
watching deadliest catch
This girl is so excited to be a gypsy...
there was a coffee tweetup and no one told me?!
Haha!
Have fun guys!
:
Save those  29 for a ManiPedi at Nails By Tracy, only on www.crowdclick.com
Hey you guys better start acting right or I will send 1 of you to an orphanage and the other to a Chinese sweat shop
well yea sorta but i did go to bed at 4 in the morning or even later than that i dont remember.
haha.
BRILLIANT.
RT Sign in a store: Unattended childoctorn will be given a shot of espresso and a free puppy.
Get ready for blastoff...
and the happiest of hours!
2 for 1 doctornks and 2 off apps start in 30 minutes and goes all the way to 7pm!
bob!
Lets see a movie tonight!
switc11 It's a very exciting time to be in IT at Indiana University!
i tweet you all the time, think about u 24/7, my room is covered in ur posters, your all i listen too!
But u never notice me:
Just finished the book chariots of the gods...such a great book, I would definitely recommend reading it
Ok good.
That's right.
And I am glad Juliette got this far she deserved it.
And Jermaine deserved first.
Wicked ladies dont play.
When we're not threatening to cut a bitch we're shankin a bitch Cc:
Yeah!
Very cool!
Thanks for passing it along.
Did you listen to Colin Stetson with Dad?
one of those days where all I've done is eat
So the answer is yes.
We finally have a sunny day here in Venice.
Long overdue!
Will you be on this side of town later?
So so happy to be back in the sunny 80 degree weather !
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.
Galileo Galilei 1564  1642
Back at ya, Russ!
: Looking forward to having in tonight.
The cream corn is to die for!
Had fun rehersing for Revange of Space Pandad.
Come see me at PAC.
Was down to 8500 but won a toss, 18k at 75/150
ORD   RDU.
I hope.
Heavy snow coming down in Chicago....
Staging, choreography, shooting all in planning.
Praying to keep up the strength to reach our goals for the show!
Such an experience!
:
In the end everything you do is just everything you've done
Keep trying good luck!
: Well as usual I didn't win but I won't stop trying!
hey sis get with me
AWWW!!!
where do u live I liv in Wisconsin.
I can take you home and keep u safe and happy
Happy Easter to all who celebrate.
Follow , it tweets every time a new trend hits the top 10.
the yuppies say hello!!!
;
It's not about what you believe  it's about what you practice.
So sorry I missed your question!
We had a power outage and our uninterrupted power supply failed.
Really sorry for any problem!

for sure.
Have you heard anything about a new record from them?
Thanks, bestie.
I'll send you some photos from trip you will love.
Thinking about getting another car....
is always a snappy doctorsser.
Loving what he has been wearing.
I want one of those damn ties he had on.
worked out so hard today at the YMCA that i threw up.
now it's time to eat my weight in banana cream pie.
Sorry how inconsiderate of me!
I meant my homie g dog or something...
I would have paid a lot too!
:
dang girl!
Yes thanks my BOO
Seriously.
These parents don't even realize what their childoctorn are doing to other kids.
happy mothers day Cynthia
thanks so much that's awesome!
We really appreciate your support 3
happy belated anniversary!!
All the best!
That's the spirit!
RT : I am determined to put Batesville, Indiana on the map for Innovation, start ups and technology!
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LYFEEEEE 
Jicama, papaya, and watermelon for lunch 
Got 'yard of the month; now lady across street is busting butt to get it next month  leaves porch light on 4 us to see what she's done, lol
does anyone in your house with a computer have itunes on it?
that's all the phone really needs to unlock itself
thanks for putting it together!
Would like to beat the shit out of reps from condo aasociation.
just buy one and tell him that it is an advance for all the work you do raising his daughter.
Usually works for my wife :
hello and you're welcome!
If 1 in 3 small businesses were to hire 1 new FT employee the US would be at full employment!
i feel awkward and im not even part of there conversation.....
Guess I'm not missing much.
RT : How much do you hate Iran?
How much do you love Israel?
Why is mary matalin on tv right now..
did they run out of people to call in for commentary?
Tuesdays that feel like Mondays after a break 
I just received some very nice tracks been listening all day!
I'm excited
some Mind in a Box and a little smoke before le workoutzzz
Follow me i follow back be back in a while
waiting for Coraline 3D to start

My Mom wants your blue sparkley glasses, and your shoes from last episode!
: I told her i'd mention, just in case...
:
thing maybe Cruz and Haley should talk about it instead of his coming to me.
thank you so much!
ugh, i just thought about what i really talk like.
Awesome workout!!
So pumped to rock the fck out of today's audition!!!
m/ m/
I'm tired of trying Sick of crying Yeah i'm smiling but inside i'm dying
It's actually cause is from Cleveland, but your idea is much better!
I may have tweeted to soon!
Lol  Reggie Evans are back in the game..!
Oh and green tea.
Thank the god for it everyday.
Chris browns new song 
Thanks for the RT !
Have an amazing day today!
lol....love it.
because I'm Hilarious and interesting
lol they're my off the court kicks no worries
TGIF!
Where's ma doctornk?
RT :
When I don't see you, I'm perfectly fine and I can move on.
But the second I see your face, I'm back to wishing you were mine again.
Having been to Japan, I can attest to how great a place it is.
Like so many others, I wish them the best,  pray this madness subsides.
The Playoff Quest for Lord Stanley's Cup Begins Today!
Let's Go Blues Tomorrow!
Good luck to all of out TECH Titans on the AAU circuit this weekend.
This is 1 of the reasons you put hours of work in.
Get 2 the next level
With JBolo!
Jomsocial, are group chats private or public?
the demo sites don't show this feature
I'm very proud of my birthplace...Tuskegee Alabama!
Its getting represented very well in Hollywood!
synchronicity is just one of the many wonderful effects of excessive caffeine
Hate bestbuy santa ads.
We already commercialize holidays enough, no need to poop on santa
So excited about Ghirardelli brownies being on sale.
It's the little things in life.
You're expensive, moody, and passiveaggressive, but I live for your rare shiny sunny days.
ill wash dishes if it means retiring my uggs
Social crazies!
I like.
U buy the domain yet?
Just in case u wanna start a nonprofessort or sumthin.
;
Headshot Tip: A bright colored shirt is not enough to make your photo pop...lighting, composition, backgrounds, and creativity are crucial!
The term 6:35 Train to Hicksville is Swedish for Assholes to the town Billy Joel's from
I come home..
and my old car is in my doctorveway.
along with the one I have now..
My mom just asked me where was i at??
Um school...
's mountain dew commercial  
nothing says 'silence' like shouting ALEC from every roof.
Not about silence: democracy requires transparency.
Why hide if upup?
At The El Ray getting my New Orleans fix listening to Trombone Shorty with my Paul Rae and friends.
will smith
Rumor is Peyton Manning will be released by Indianapolis by Thursday and the Jets will be in hot pursuit
Next Saturday TryOuts is changing its Friday nights and becoming the official BYOB nightclub!!!
18  up welcome.
Saturdays for members still
can wear doctorwers if she wants to.
THEE ONLY PPL THAT CARE IS U.
Loving all these commercials.
Can I be you?
LOL!
Thank you!
Lehigh!!!!!!
As a Lafayette fan, this is the only time I will cheer for you but that was pure amazing.
Downloading that new Chelsea Grin song.
So good!
Setting up our headquarters today and tomorrow, should be up and running by Saturday.
then again I'm very popular, people don't even bother me in HS
There's one shot, damnit!
When you fall in love, your life is no longer ordinary.
Real love is an event that changes us all.
Man I'm leaving for up north this Friday.
But awesome news.
lady you be smokin' hot!!!
we're sharing you all over the web in a second!
xoxo
Omg I hope I got those questions right please check your messages and let me win :D 3
I saw about 5 girls wearing doctorsses/skirts that they should not be wearing.
.
Let the countup begin!
The Girl Who PooPoo'd Dung Beetles
IMA PUKE!!!
hold my purse !!
anytime bro, imma try to leave around 1 30
Come help poster Seattle with our Cannabis Freedom March 2011 posters!
meet  Cannabis Defense Coalition today at 4:20pm
we have some strong doctorvers.
Maybe we can help this summer.
no do not cut your hair...
If you get off the plane during a layover you use it to save your seat
Thanks to cell phone technology we realized that it was not that big of a shadow..
hahaha I love the Espys :D
Oh, , just heard from that you had muscle cramps while doing your run.
So Sorry!
He's great.
26 pounds and counting with a huge head of elvis hair.
Don't ride
Barney Frank at the Ford Hall Forum: On Obama's handling of the financial crisis, Things would have sucked worse without us.
the only thing that makes me happy are horses and me playing my instruments :
Um no.
I'm good.
lol.
So weird
They used to call me frankmike, but now they call me derpderp.
Right, KiddGilchrist's weaknesses are more than shooting.
What the Cavs would need him to be would take a lot of development
RT Judge Hogshire overruled all motions to dismiss five charges against Huguely.
Defense is about to proceed with its case.
Finally went 2 go see Think Like A Man wit my baby
Now jawns Wanna act new Lmao I digress
No prob!
:D
Panama in white
Found inspiration in my Quotefalls: Enthusiasm with error is more acceptable than indifference with perfection.
The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another.
James Matthew Barrie
Fuck this dude shit pisses me off more than anything I got you and fuck this dudes day up
the word of the day, everyday.....Swagger!
Dig It!
love tht song
Ty for following me!!:
we've got 50lbs of fresh caught Alaskan salmon, 40lbs of organic beef, 6 holey boards  30 acres.
Seems like this plan should write itself.
Not really.
Dolphins are among the third smartest animal.
I hope my mom will let me go to Wapred Tour, because I will die if she won't let me.
Dear Delmon Young: seriously dude?
Signed, your teammates, Tigers fans, and your fantasy owners.
When's Sputnik opening?
Can't wait!
Nice line from dml working group at Berkman about kids and learning: They don't care that you know until they know you care.
Your up too early, aren't you going to at least sleep in a little to start offseason?
JK keep working hard have a good offseason!
haha i know right?!?!
Chemistry must be respected.
This dude is wearing a Celtics jersey, a hornets SnapBack, and he claims to be a lakers fan.
Got a nook color 'cause Kindle was sold out at the time, but very happy with it.
watch restoration.
Walk the Moon.
Ugh...
Brady
Just tuning into on WOOD TV 8 for Holiday outfit ideas at the River town Crossings Mall!
the next step would be not watching at all.
:P
I  walking around the house with my iPhone in my pocket, and my music turned up.
Like walking around with my own theme music.
the fire during Sonne felt like someone was holding a lighter right in front of my face.
Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, the author  perfecter of our faith, who for the joy set before...
Hebrews 12:2
im ready to fake my death and just do holographic concerts til they create rebirth technology lol id make....
a killing?
Nothing is more decorated woman as wellchosen man.
DIY DepthSounding efforts using Arduino and other COTS technology.
wherecamptb2012 interesting usecases.
Spirituality can be severed from both vicious sectarianism and thoughtless banalities
Woke up with Be Prepared from The Lion King stuck in my head
u slept on the table?
Or on the toilet?
Your wig is crooked.
Love it when that happens.
Congrats!
Somebody came in BER focused!
I told you its a good show:
10 days off twitter has felt like a year!
Now every time I hear feel it all around, I think of Portlandia :p
makes it more entertaining when they gown down in flames
So, McDonald's newest Shamisterck Shake commercial pokes fun of marital infidelity I guess?
Cheating: I'm lovin' it.
follow friday....it's a good way to tell your followers who to follow
Monday night 80 dollar bar tab??
NEworks Symonds  60 US 27 year olds don't have a college degree.
A third of jobs require a deg,  30 require AA or some college
My crew everyone goes they one wau den come bak in tha mood to celebrate and continue life as it goes
My 3yo needs to read Who Moved My Cheese?
He doesn't deal well with change.
hope you had a nice day at the desert!
: well goodnight now, sweet doctorams and love you so much!
:
He broke up with you?
GetOverItLifeGoesOn You deserve better anyway
RT : Join me at May 1113.
The earlybird ticket cost is a small price to pay to learn to validate your ideas....
where is my friend at??
May  My Birthmonth lol
Do they still do the twovote system for mayor?
I always thought that was good for 3rd Party candidates.
Seats in Assembly.
more like the pop music grassy knoll!
TRY IT IN THE BATH, YOU'LL SEE.....
And he can't go back like he did when he was traded to Utah.
How could I know this was to be the big opportunity of my life?
Resulting in a world speaking tour and a bestselling book
you should have a meet and greet in florida somewhere.
I'm texting Ben :
movie time at shawny's ha
The Bodhi Body team is attending the home opener of the Phoenix Mercury tonight!
The tightrope I am walking is swaying in the wind
your welcome!
Sonic Sound god right about now!
Was just thinking the same.
RT : RT : Beautiful day in BTV!
Makes me excited for summer nights and lake swims, ,
Ray Rice did that one time to a guy who called him the N word.
Needless to say the guy needed a new twitter professorle afterwards
Jack Bandit
the physical organization of land uses and the creation of their architecturally styled connections into a coherent environment
Here's to the directioners that buy magazines just because One Direction is in it.
You jerky!!
Line of storms now along and west of a line from West Bend to Lake Geneva.
Moving to MKE by 7am
Let it be known, I  Boyle Heights and East LA
HIV also are groups that have grossly more misconceptions and stigma surround
THERE SHOULD BE A DAY CALLED ALL CAPS DAY LOVE ME SOME CAPITAL LETTERS, MAYBE CAPS LOCK DAY
Cardinal fans are the worst.
I appreciate you!
:
So the air bag light comes on in your car.
What's that all about?
I just had the pleasure of writing a check to the MLK Center on behalf of Bon Rappetite.
Feels good, man.
FF !
For news on seminars, workshops, grants, and programs in American history, literature and culture.
reading River Out of Eden by Richard Dawkins  amazing!
Thanks for the RT !
The gathered peachy underarms of a scissor tail.
Pain is when you are at the DMV and the photo area is backed up.
So they stop calling at C249 and you are C250
Aha!
Thanks.
great seeing you last week!!
You are amazing!!!
Looking forward to hearing the awesome Golden Week speeches starting tomorrow : 2 minutes : Be ready :
really looking forward to partnering with you on mentoring survivors of trafficking while making cheaky jewelry!
I finally had time to follow 44 people who have been following me.
Most are speech therapists.
Look forward to your tweets!
I enjoy following you on here.
Great source for my Bucs news.
I'm an STH, definitely appreciate your insight!
I sent you a letter the other day!
Did you get it?:
Last time I tweet in the US until the end of break!
right!!
She know she ratchet!!
Tweet at us.
Something awesome.
Im not saying relationship being a secret .
.
but ladies, why do you feel the need to facebook every detail of your love life.
UNECESSARY!
Just found out Legend of Korra premieres today!!
Where have I bee?
Today in Blues: Blues guitarist Peter Green was born Peter Allen Greenbaum October 29, 1946, in Bethral Gree, London, United Kingdom.
WHEN IS YOUR I Should've Kissed You COVER GOING TO BE UPLOADED?!?!?!
3333
done talking, no one's listening.
what you doing?;
De'Jonique, how are you?
RT if you like niallwhipshispenis 
My problem is I take physical notes on random scraps of paper, then refuse to toss any for fear of losing an idea.
WooHoo!
Giants win!!
Hair did!!
And now the Globes!!
So happy!!
Nothing says peaceful Japanese Garden like a bunch of crying toddlers.
It's tough, especially if you're point is misunderstoodBH
Hell Yeah :D
Dustin Brown is THE MAN!!
Go Kings!
The Pneumatic Diner rocks!
Zin in redbull of cola of fanta.
Ahh!!
I'm so excited for 's new album to come out nov1st!!!3 3 3 love him to death!
Wish he would notice me :'
How can we meet you on the coast to coast tour?
i dont want to have to spend 3050 dollars on pastrys just to meet you :
Oh, we all have a little hot mess in us.
Today is just your day to shine!
:P
Thanks for the shout out!
Can't tear myself away from this Alan Lomax Archive...
Why do you need a card for a nine year old girl cousin?
And maybe it would be better in spanish.
yay!!!!!!!!!!!
You owned the shit out of that dissertation!!
Be blessed and know that you are loved by the Almighty God.
Watching your ustream love it follow me??
uh huh....you lie like a rug!
Happy Monday, MTCP'ers!
Who performed in their school musical last weekend?
How did it go?
So Gr8 hearing my friends sing 2nt !
Also Blessed by message :
You know what's sad about moving to NY??
I won't get the chance to run into in the city...LOL :
WE HAVE FISH STICKS!!!!!
hi guys!
: I make twitter right now and I'm learning this things
ooh that is going to be fun for everyone!
Good luck to all involved.
yup.
encouraging for the future of museum ed, right?
she's young too.
hope you're enjoying nyc!
It is the trouble that never comes that causes the loss of sleep.
Chas.
Austin Bates
Thanks 4 the follow.
Followed back.
How bout a story for a couple of my clients on your mag?
YES!
YES!
YES!
is a master mind of wrestling.
It's about time.
Thanks misterHeyman.
Now matter how happy you are, the minute you hear Whitney Houston's where do broken hearts go...makes you wanna break down
Ouch!
Maybe you'll be around for the invitational, DMac?
A little windy  choppy on MeadowLake but still a fun time this am with
I'm crazy to love him, but I don't care
you and me both.
I'm going crazy with curiosity as to what happened there.
walker won with only 1.1 million '10.
If we can get Milwaukee to the polls, dems win
Just watched Shawn Michaels vs Sid for the WWE Championship at Royal Rumble 97
ik same my mom changed her mind:
Writing my paper about the American tradition of freedom while listening to The Program with some Perfect.
New article on using direct marketing and brand marketing in your art business.
bit.ly/og1fBM.
What do you think?
yeah, it was.
But everyone was broken!
The game's execution is notoriously hard.
You have to jump cancel 10 times for some bnbs.
Follow me first and you'll get steaks all over your kitchen.
Forever.
Chill, Alec.
Intelligence has better things to do than to partially censor tweets in the mi
Don't eat apples and oranges at same time.
Given choice, always oranges.
RT : Apples and oranges.
Let's enjoy the fruit.
eh im tired:
Talk about digging your own grave.
Tonight Live  Davis Graveyard in Milwaukie.
Set your DVR.
Happy New Year
Dear Twitter, sorry I haven't been on you but I found someone else...his name is Instagram D
Live as if you were to die tomorrow.
Learn as if you were to live forever.
Mahatma Gandhi
it's like blippy but worse!
My dad and I taking my mom out for dinner later.
Wbu?
plz follow back!!
: and man do I miss That's So Raven!
My calc teacher: the event is business attire Calc student: so bedazzled assless chaps are ok?
Thanks to all at ACASummit and goldenseedsACA for great couple of days!
One of those days I am note sure I got enough done?
My sculptures are still doctoring, think it will take a few more days.
Happy 7 years to
Boss bought lunch holla!
NY is hurt  facing TB's best starters..
2 of 3 would be great, but 1 of 3 shouldn't make us panic..
CC NEEDS to get us a win.
lol but it's a double win tho
I'd like too be, everything you wantt.
I'm hungry now/:
Very few unbiased financial advisors agree with this idea
My stupid TL is dead as fuck and my tummy hurts : fuck my csection :
Crosstoed?
Hmm, Harold Bloom is still around, though he's been kind of an old crank for years now.
It's the final countdown!!!!
lol, you know you saw it again.
don't lie!
:
Pool time.
All by myself.
qualityalonetime 
I could go for some shakeys :
you are so awesome!!
Thank you!
So far 4 scholarships have been awarded from funds generated at God Has A Plan For Me!
Talent Show.
We dont build services to make money; we make money to build better services MZuckerberg
Spent the nite with my mom n my lil bear...saw wicked on broadway, lucky to be in love with my best friend : nite tweeps
Thanks and hugs from Texas
that sounds too good!!
lol
GoodMorning to all my followers !!
I love u guys!
Im about to go to sleep since in just getting off work but waking up in 2 hrs 4 church
A good relationship should have 3 things: eyes that won't cry, lips that won't lie and love that won't die.
naw Mac way better he sucked at first but hes grown so much since then..i can actually listen to sumshit now
Remember your days in Dallas on Tv/Radio?
I do!
Hope you are pullin for RANGERS.
The Dub misses ya.
aww he's so cute too and I'm 18 I don't want to go to jail lol for kissing a 15year old boy on the cheek lol
unfortunately no Supreme, they usually keep their gear N their own stores...
When you are writting a paper and then later realize its in all caps Really?
When it comes to the Los Angeles Lakers I'm indifferent.
Arik Cannon vs.
Erick Stevens is up next.
..when a city loses it's poet, before he is an old man whose inspired multiple generations, it's as if the world has lost it's eyes..
No.
Im curious, though.
I have been unable to shake the want to make an rpg/adventure game for many years; I may have to stop resisting at some point.
Thanks, Sarah ShunLien Bynum!
Be sure to visit tomorrow's guest worker, journalist Sam Hall Kaplan, from 3  6 PM !
been there before.
Best of luck.
A bitch will always be a bitch .
we will fight!
it's just an insight that occurred to me while showering earlier tonight.
WHAT THE HELL ITS MAY ALREADY?!?!?!
hay ill be 21 in 395 days :
Let the countdown begin!
: Tickets on sale December 9th at noon!
Wait alexis is coming???
Does ever NOT wear a suit anymore?
Thanks for the follow!
Enjoy your tweets!
To risky to ask a stranger Hey can you watch my stuff?
I offer bribes from the coffee bar for stuffwatching services.
Cleveland Does Not Rock: Do the math: Toast  Butter  Good
ABQ This Sunday it is a concert by kids to raise money for kids with cancer.
Come see some great talent!
6pm Sandia Prep Theater 10
Happy Friday everyone, come in and have a great breakfast to celebrate the snow!
WOOOOOOHOOOOO I TOLD YOU GUYS!!
I'LL HAVE ANOTHER won The Kentucky Derby!!!!
ugh NOW i remember h8 u
Dwayne has the hiccups.
Once you pour the water out of the bucket it's hard to get it back in it...unless you pour it into a bucket of equal opportunity
LOL Hm, and why??
Do ur arms have dandoctorff??
Tell me whats going on and I will tell u what to do pretty girl!!!
loveyoumore hope doesn't get mad for me saying I love you on twitter though ;
For the most recent updates on music, music and fashion, follow
Are you doing what you love?
L.P.
Jacks said that when you are doing what you love....you cannot tell the difference between work and play!
Anyone know a good Adobe Illustrator artist looking for part time work, a freelance job?
I need files converted to vector and cleaned up.
Busy Monday.
I need a beer.
So ready for vegas
I hate those moments when you run into someone you don't want anything to do with.
So happy I get to babysit Pay Pay tomorrow3 I have missed my baby/:
It seems to me that RRV is so hot now that it is hard to find value ones.
Suggestions?
She looks just like u!!
Wow
Are people hating on Gotye?
'Cause I'm kind of diggin' it.
im ready fa monday to come
I just want a piece of the happiness
It's almost time for Beckett Bowl!
Tweet Beckettbowl if you'll be there next Monday!
No tickets?
There's still time!
www.beckettbowl.com
a Marine told me may the fourth be with you this morning.
Now...
Should I have reached through the network  punch a Marine?
now what exactly does that look like??
Lolzzz
beautiful, hot!
this deal will be done , Too much at steak .
Happy birthday to !
Wake up everyday stronger than yesterday face your fears  Wipe your tears!
finished, want to get it done and try to publish it...sadly little is getting done lol
Just wrote blog post re: thisI say go 2 bankers homes, where they socialize, corp hdqrtrshaunt these aholes LOL
does the site open for u?
It didn't on my phone.:
A thought as I'm designing new page mockups  the less words user have to read on PTales, the more words they get to read in books
Doctors make me so mad
: Goodmorning...
look at the Valedictorian, scared of the future while I hop in the.....Delorean
Hey hows your day going so far ?
wahhhh i miss you!
hope you're having fun on your cruise!
lolz.
can't wait to talk to you!
SATURDAY in DC 21 FREE till 11  TEATRO 1909 K St.
NW email w/ FULL NAME  Teatro as Subject
What is everyone up to this weekend?
What great Country Music Videos can we play for you?
bored...gonna cruise SF and snap some photos.
I endorsed doctorJay Weerasinghe on BranchOut, your professorssional professorle on Facebook
Phoebe Snow never forgotten RIP
Are you gonna choose Candy?
What about Babs?
Or Stealetta.
Maybe Endive?
...Dimples?
Velvetta?
ha.
Wouldn't that be fun?!
Found out we have a Shaq's Family Challenge newsletter at work today...a whopping 5 subscribers receive this
Omg this lady makes the word sandwiches evvveeerrr
Hi!
We are a charity that will help raise money for Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, MD If you're interested in joining in.
The jokes about Butera hitting anything are just too easy.
Yea I'm in san juan puerto rico speaking Spanish
Your welcome!
And good luck!
:
I just played Before I Let Go by Maze Feat.
Frankie Beverly on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
This shit so good it dnt even smell bad
The car in front of me keeps swerving into the other lane...
doctorver's either doctornk, fighting, or getting road dome
My spanish teacher plays favorites.
She calls this kid swag and i want be like No Ms.Moore, Tyler points to kid not swag, Tyler.
.
More like Paul Heyman's ghost.
Today's Special: Not Fish
Happy Easter!
Mike Daniels and Jerron McMillian welcome the Packers!
This insomnia is kickin my as....
Did you go to NH?
I thought you looked familiar, graduated 02
our thoughts and prayers go out to the family of the fan who died at the texas ranger game tonight
Hope he bring my shrimp this morning; only thing that will make me feel better;
I slept a long time today.
Our Midtown location is having Happy Hour ALL DAY!
To celebrate 1500 likes on Facebook.
Come on in for some Sangria!
Or Beer!
Or 4 Apps!
how u just going to lie like that u went to kingisland
Download He gave me this day off itunes today.
U will be blessed.
i need to buy one
Trip back to the 70's?
We've got you covered at Thurs' patio party!
Come join us for great food, cocktails and live music!
See you there!
Thank you so much for sharing your slides.
Memphis has always been a basketball town but I believe Memphians are finally embracing the team.
I opted not to receive Baltimore's back in February yet still received the latest copy.
Such a waste.
Go BLAZERS
This video is amazing.
It shows how powerful  useful music is.
Keep making sweet tunes.
its interesting because the guy says to never do something, and multiple people at your table are doing it, but balancing well
Statistics are the third leading cause of death in the United States.
My last bell the other students didn't know there alphabet :/
Good Morning all my friends
I want to hear it!
What's your No.
1 tip for nonprofessorts using Twitter?
Reply with your answer!
I don't think I can pull off the skirt
Someone text me
What beer dist in pgh has biggest craft selection?
Phil Bredeson at Starbucks!
Ftw
Thanks for the FF!
3 point and one by King Stockton.
Vandals up 67 to 56
still live!!
lololol.
im seriously down to chill though
New Acana Flavor!
lol I'm not!!!
No worries!!!
So excited our AvantGarde Art  Craft Show Vendors have been asked by WVIZ to participate in their spring auction.
Airing Apr 2629th
In the depths of lau working on my project after a long day at work for
good, I'm glad things have gotten better
Can't wait for in the morning.
Questions Part 3 is going to help some people.
Make sure you get there!
Big thanks to Bruce Springsteen for opening for last night, now come see them today at the SXSW showcase!
Bizarre to hear advocates for networked public commons at bcltorphanworks cheering calls for enfored intermediation  centralization.
I guess we got him!
Life is like a bowl of soup; you only get blown if youre hot.
Playing with Love My New CD 31312
GOTTA CATCH EM ALL!
STD'S!
Happy 87th Birthday Grandpa Wayne.
Not a day goes by that I don't think about you.
I know your up there smiling down on all of us
Starting in at 1 am wtf!
Keep your eyes out for Good Enough to be sold online soon!
Hit on the hush hush we need some quiet time
have you read any Thomas bernhard?
Reading 'the loser' right now because I love
my eyebrows need my indian sista at eyebrow lounge to attack them with thread.
i look like a jim henson creation.
i also need more friends the like to film music videos for fun...
Just discovered, via slumber party, that my daughter's 3rd grade teacher has gotten her class obsessed with mister Roboto.
Love her.
well..he is a lab :P haha he will prob get bigger than that too!
Now I'm gonna have to make a grilled cheese sandwich before I go to bed.
Shoutout to Matt Rosenbaum who still rocks a maroon sweater like its 2011.
Some things obviously never change.
it's all about the very berry cap crunch dude
RT : Hokies if you missed this last night, you should read it ASAP  Identity: The Key to the Spring by
All instock TOTAL Olive Body Milks and Butter Me Up!
Buttermilk Body lotions on sale 10.
Come  get it!
So ready for tonight.
:
Today has been all nonstop, rush, rush, rush, two hour nap, rush, rush, rush.
Mentally exhausted.
hang in there I'm pulling for you
Did you just outscore in Fruit Ninja?
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
That was me.
Just checked out your website.
Please connect with us at some point to talk about collaboration.
follow back nigga !
:
If your wireless doorbell rings when there's no one at the door, it's not elvesit's just time to change the channel.
Merry Christmas
I'm still confused on who you guys were talking about.
Haha
The only way to get out of a Rut is to turn the wheel one way or the other......
Lane
thank God I.passed that easy test
I'm fucking tight right now
I hate it when I can't sleep!
oghd seattle is off to a bright and early start at !
Today's my only true day off.
Cooking six different things while watching four hours of fake news followed by three different sports
When are we gonna skype!
:
The love we received from others isn't love unless its shared.
LONG DAY...LOTS OF PRAYER  KNOWING GOD WILL SEE MY FRIEND THROUGH!
speakupforthosewhocan't
Now that I can do.
Great were already crying like dicks and it's only May.
Follow me please I Love you so much 143, never change!
You're amazing.
I'm addicted to SoLsiten.
You're all time on my mind
In case you haven't figured it out yet, group name and password for SCMS11 conference wifi is SCMS
Don't know if u r  the Issaquah Costco, but it causes severe aggravation.
I had to switch to Covington.
Blissful compared 2 Iss.
Making a Difference with Big BrothersBig Sister.
Will be working on an event that will support them and another organization
Of course love!
Had a wonderful time with you.
:
Begin 2 discover ur purpose  passion  u'll also discover how much the world NEEDS u.
senseofrelevancy that can't be taken away by NO man.
Ok.
Is there a certain subject or anything I should write so you don't think it is spam email?
Brainstorming: volunteer activity ex.
IT board; shortterm  highly targeted engagements
Thanks!
We love him!
go to the locker room at 8 yo get jerseys!
Excellent suggestion!
thank you for following us, it's always a pleasure to follow real talent!
Watching Portland and San Antonio...
great comeback!
I bought some Lilly bulbs and thought about doing some vegetables/herbs.
But I'm a planting virgin, should I wait?
Is it too cold?
Help!
A we got a good thang..
Dont know if Imma see you again..
Like is it the real thang or is it just a one night stand
RedSox make the signing of Kelly Shoppach to a oneyear deal official, effectively ending Jason Varitek's career in Boston.
Happy first day of Spring...I saw the first robin of spring.
I think he was lost.
He was chirping in French.
be bck later :
I woke up wonderin y my vision so off..i forgot to take out my otha contact before takin my nap...
I get carried away by the look by the light in your eyes
Strangest thing about all the changes to the ABC Writing Fellowship is that you now have to submit the application on CDs.
if you went gay for any man, who would it be?
4th week of shoulders killing me
TRAFFIC: WB Belt  Rimisterck Rd  Beltline Bob is on the job.
Delays
again?!
:o
Funny Funny Funny Boy I Cant Stop Laughing
Work is overrated and thats all I have to say about that.
It went very well..
How are things with you.....
m m m that looks delicious :
We apologize for any inconvience
How magical would it be of the tribble courtyard had outlets?
Rick Santorum, fundoctorising by offering supporters a signature sweater vest.
He's almost a parody of himself.
I have nothing else to say lol
Phelps is hot!
I'm getting sucked into this Olympics stuff.
Bummer about the stuff I gotta get done today.
Huntsman: you all have a head start you don't even imagine yet
be good Kay?
I lot my baby 3
Any of those flavors can be shakes!
or of course part of your burger combo
bring to your campus college university DM us!She has been the featured speaker  event  conference programs this year!
i cosign on this one.
Not a flake on Henry Avenue...
thanks for the well wishes.
nothin but love for you.
let me know if you want to come to the june 29 show.
I love listening to stories about what I did last night
a roomful of stupid.
RT : Gingrich gets good laughs and applause with his you can't put a gun rack in a Chevy Volt
Bo Pelini is here on the sidelines with Joe Moglia
It wasn't just social networkingbut people who feel strongly and need a channel to act
Bo Morrison, 20, was doctornk and hid in an enclosed porch from Slinger police when homeowner killed him in selfdefense, WA County DA ruled.
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
yikes!
RT : Several ppl shot in downtown Indy.
NY  IL Streets closed between Indy  West Streets.
Lots of cops.
doctorma.
1.49 MM coupon at CVS  one day only
excited!
Any leads on dinner spots?
Hungry in Philly?
London Grill has jumped aboard Diversity Platinum10 off to our members.
Do you have your card yet?
Diversityplatinum.com
Just caught Twitter in act of unfollowing you on my behalf.
Thank God I was revisiting your page and clicked the follow button.
Did you know that the pulp of a cucumber can be up to 10 degrees cooler than the surrounding air?
Hence the origin of cool as a cucumber.
My solution to quit having clean up all this horse poop.
Quit feeding the damn horse!!
Ride the wave
no single
Nothing feels better than bumping J.Cole's the Come Up mixtape on the ride home from a hard day at work.
I feel....
kinda sorta really empty.
Just reviewed Epic Citadel; yes, I'm impressed!
NCL Freestyle Dash sale ends Fri.
Don't miss outonboard credit, upgrades  reduced deposits  all destinations!
Call us now 8008037245!
The wait is finally over.
Great Beer, Great Friends, Great Food, Great Music, Great Fun, all on a Great Lake!
Milwaukee Brewfest!!!
That's a sick shot by Anze Kopitar for the goal, even if Mike Smith was screened.
I hope I have my red lipstick cuz I'll be pissed it I have to buy a new one!!!!
Last time held w/out a shot on goal: 5.31.03.
defensive streak now at 5 straight halves w/out SOG allowed
Success is merely the absence of failure.
omg common!!
We gave away a ton of Peppermint Chocolate Chip Milkshakes yesterday!
If you've had one, what do you think?
Thanks.
The authenticity debate grows wearisome.
Categories are just that; not turf to be defended.
Ladies Night begins now!
1 doctornks for Ladies until 11pm!
Free Dance Lessons start in 15 minutes!
Meet us on the dance floor!
Brilliant, loves this!
All locked in so see you Thursday.
I miss you, Jess ; x
Goin to bed people...goodnight :
Wow  MCA?
That man did so much for music and the world around him in so little time.
You will be missed.
How come the worst doctorvers seem to be out on Monday mornings?
CLA will soon announce a major new public art installation coming to the Loop this summer.
What is your favorite public artwork in the City?
AmyWinehouse dead at 27.
She joins Kurt Cobain, Janis Joplin, Jimmi Hendoctorx.
all dead at the age of 27.
crazy R.I.P.
It's a love story baby just say yes, Porkchop
much surface area, Butthole tag?
DC??
What brings you to my city?
Amen.
RT : Now, more than ever, we need amazing teachers.
RT : 1 beers and karaoke .
HappyHour all night.
Huge Selection  speediest singer rotation!
If they give you ruled paper, write the other way.
Juan Ramon Jimenez
Yes cha to perform on xfactorusa..did u see their tweet yet?
My toddler: Lemonade please!
Me: That's so polite, I'd be happy to.
Toddler: I said 'please' so you'd give me some.
It's happened too many times for me to continue thinking that getting Extra Care coupons for Tums is a random act by CVS.
Class.
Act.
I'm thinking of changing my Twitter name.
From to a shorter one like Yay or nay?
Lol
Jeff and Adam workout, ha !
the only i saw really work out in the Big Brother was Hayden and The Bragrade last year bb12 /
Listing to at
Easy doesn't always mean happy, and good just doesn't seem good enough anymore
Panel likes Topsy , HootSuite and Tubs to track social media activity.
Time goes by so quickly..
thank you for your follow!
:
Ignorant individuals are everywhere I tell ya.
I'm not sure why I've never been to Nana Funks but it is too much fun..
Where did you shop and what did you find?
Feedback will happen the way people need it to, reach people where they are, open all channels
Happy Easter to all those celebrating this sunday!
Everyone have a great day!!
I refuse to be average.
I will be the best I can at what I do so that those who receive my work have every possible advantage!
knowing Rushane we'll probably have one tomorrow night
Abigail, sensibilities and emotions
Have you ever seen the two of them in the same place at the same time?
I'll admit Larry's not very big, but...hm...
Giving up my BC tix if doesnt fire Frank Spaziani.
Easily the most hockey I've watched.
Result made it well worth every minute.
Jameson shots every goal was about zero fun though.
We'll...03
thx kharyp hope your day is well
IAlwaysWonderIf you feel the same way i feel about you
thanks for the shout out queen of cake pops
congrats daniella!
:D
Congratulations, you are almost done with the week!
Come celebrate with lunch at Smashing Tomato!
Camping Food: Make your fav omelette before you leave.
Place in ziplock bag, put in cooler.
For breakfast, warm bag in hot water and enjoy!
My order of custom clutches for my bridesmaids should be here any day!
56 combined points in first half a new Rose Bowl record.
Can they hit 100?
nothing bored my aunt is getting x rays
Welcoming the winter solstice with highs in the 70s.
Getting ready for tonight!
Pelco's Dean Meyer: frank insights into the firm's shortsighted cling to analog and monumental move to IP; now successful...
When you flush the toilet in Australia the water goes backwards hahhaha
Damn Caps you couldn't hold on for 6 more seconds could you....
Sounds like a plan to me!
I'll tell my buddies.
:
He will but its fun watching him play up a the decent one for once.
His streak continues.
I'm sure there is a good case but we don't need our Constitutional rights attacked any more, no matter what!
We're at Sansome and Pine, open for business.
totally want to watch that.
have you seen the cash money millionaires movie: ballet blockin?
Mane I need a north Memphis fillup
I JUST LIVE LIFE I DONT MAKE PLANS/ BUT I STAY BENT LIKE A TIN CAN
intel pool pumps
thanks so much for stopping byso sorry the meatspace meeting was so brief!
Day was good until the cops messed it up.
Freakin STUPID!
Then people be actin stupid as hell.
Trying NOT To cuss here....
Lol.
My nephew in his room watching some kind of movie dying laughing when he need to be sleep.
Lol
Me too!
Mostly I just work to not get the white circle above my butt.
Cinco de mayo!
Now at BLoomington North to watch  then our other guys playing in the Adidas May Classic.
Ahh sorry I haven't been on in so long :
I know.
Would like to provide little bits to those not here.
:
Mall of America
At lunch i wandered into the sportsbook and thought i'll have another was the best name...
Winner.
Wishing all the past performers and families of GHAPFM, a Happy and blessed holiday!
Dang me and my ex talked on the phone this morning.
Dang I thought she hated me i guess not.
RT : COME ON!!!
I don't have all day.
nice!!
I would love to hang out with all those guys,I bet they are a blast..let me know if I can tag along
Its been two weeks since I've been in school ...
I hate it, don't want to be here 
It is amazing how much a long hot shower can do to rejuvenate energy and sense of self.
players play because we glorify athletics, money, and all of the trappings that go along with professorssional sports
I'm pretty sure Tim has one from our Christmas present swap/fight thing we do.
bought it :
U Know U Got It, If It Makes U Feel Good.
Excited to hear a lecture in Aesthetic Preference for Color!
thinking about wearing a top hat and a monocle to Atlantic City this weekend
Hey Brother.
You in Cali?
Come hang in a few weeks.
Reflexology stimulates reflex points on the feet  through the nervous  other systems positively affects other parts of the body  organs.
Cabo grill tonight!!!!
yo I just fell in love with you Ron!!!!!!!
Hahhaha creative
2 HOURs in traffic to get groceries?
Wtf.
NBA: get the fuck out of my town and NEVER COME BACK.
My motzarella is probably fermenting by now
I just entered Klean Spa Giveaway  woo hoo!
see you next weekend!
I love bread, too.
I could live on baguette, brie and red wine!
Tonight we make an Amber Ale.
Session starts at 6:00PM.
Free beer samples provided.
Be there.
TheStatusLounge by w 3p8p sounds by  other special guests
Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse, and helping your uncle jack off a horse...Tucker Max
Sorry to hear that, April.
Follow because he's an awesome piece of hair :
What if Lazar Hayward's name was something less cool...
like Gary?
Ha!
The Bike Line Broad Ripple is Now Tweeting..............
Garlic breath is in!
garlic lowers your chol levels making it a heart healthy food.
Lakers 89 nuggets 80!
Let's finish them, lakers.
Go white boy go white boy GO!
Thank God
what's mexico city's hashtag?
When r demos for u guys?
Listen up!
Buy any 5 of our short sleeve Tees and only pay for 4 May 17May21!
Just enter May2011 at checkout.
LIES!!!!
This was of your own doing!
I stay home and read
follow my business page
Thank you!
You guys have a cool concept.
Guy just coldcalled a 15K shv w JTo w anthr big stck left to act behind him?
he won vs AK..if ever get stck gonna b great tbl to get chips!
: An elephant can die from a broken heart.
stop it elephants, I love you
Yeah, I sure learned my lesson.
How are things, you still in SD?
I'll take one of those please....
or is there a copy on slideshare I can look at?
Good luck!!
RT : Tennis tryouts today!
So nervous!
Hope I make varsity!!
Need to ride
where are you!!!!!
Me too!
Please get on Animal Jam.
I hate when the Red sox play the rays.
The red sox broadcast gets blacked out and I have to watch the gay Rays announcers.
come back to Portland so we can hangout and fall in love ok?
With a shuffling of quarterbacks happening this season, the only one out of the mix is Vince Young.
How long will it take VY to find a team?
My earphones are starting to crackle.
:
Hey Providence, thanks for playing.
Sincerely, Syracuse
Vanden Bosch 5K lighter for low hit on Manning last Sunday
just read your article on pitch from March and it was so obvious yet brilliant at the same time.
Thanks for it
Okay so I freaking love new song
iight ill play with you whatever you can play
Hey Matt  thanks for the kind words!
BTW has another release in store for October..
stay tuned.., cheers!
whoa, them's fightin words!
: why no pottermore?
Shopping with mom.
Leaving on a jet plane to LA tonight!
We can't wait!
vmware education is back to work.
Got my VCAPDCA4 results: PASS.
Time to get serious about that VCDX design.
aww im not guna tell no one
Reign supreme punches right In the balls
This bores me Knicks vs
UKKU replay on ESPNU right now
ImA Kid at Heart.
Forever Young.
So is Tebow Tebowing at this very second?
We only go if we can get the first appointment of the day, in and out!
Who's playing the part of Caleb Hanie for the Bulls this postseason?
yeah buddy.
Section 304.
bitc imma deny erryday all day.
He's hit .
Crusty.
Grimmey..
And a crackhead.
A lowlife piece of shit.
Who owes me 2,000 hA
We turn't up tonight at the dukesters nite club 7733 reading road
; Haaaaeyy.
I just met you annndd this is CRAYAY.
But heres a condom...
So fuck me maybe?
Haha, ppl say the weirdest things on youtube.
Is in the hunt for funding!
omg, yes.
this is why there's exactly 1 i in winner.
where you headed?
hey Ariana hope you're having a lovely sunny day today.
Love you :
my wife was talking about going down to check out the protests etc.
I think she is reconsidering LOL
S/O to GT without him I dont know how I would have got home last night...this is why I need a car lol
Not only did I like it, but I heard from UK friend, thought it would especially help people outside US easily understand.
getting ready for the Halloween Pub Crawl!
Hope my homemade costume makes it through the night!
Officially today is our 1 yr old BDay but we're gonna celebrate it in July..Happy BDAY HANSHIKTACO!!!
you call that light?
The keyboard and dock are just dead weight!
Where are we at with everything?
I can watch only so much 172.
I've been a fool, I've made bad decisions, and I've been blind.
I'm now opening my eyes to some things and changes will happen.
Casper Ware for Long Beach State just pulled a Kobe!
522 from the field
me!!
thats usually what I wear around the house
so golad you liked your EdoctorTO today  you doctoram it up, I'll make it up!
way to be clutch.
Nice to have you back.
NEW TRACK IS GOING TO BE POSTED ALL OVER THE NET TONIGHT...
Check out www.URSession.com They support local bands the right way!
Ugh come on 10 o'clock I'm ready ta G O GO
omg I love that my name is Booth!!
I want to read the essay!
Word to your uncles brother.!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 10
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 29
Thanks Walter.
That's so nice of you to say.
Tune in at ten.
Beat my previous best by 15 minutes.
Must've been the bagels!
yeah it is, but its worth it , Haha.
Tell me once you've seen it:
Living Magnificently means sharing GRATITUDE.
How many entries do I have in my Gratitude Journal?
Who wants to see Madbeast and destroy a fucking show together!?
Where's the Long Island peeps at!?
just back from walmart, busy day .
It's a magical kingdom.
what do you know about the Wendigo?
I feel like doing a craft lol wtf no idea why
OHMYGOD Citizen Cope!!!!!
I love to mop the frying pan with a piece of bread
It's Wednesday time to focus in the good and thank Jesus got the great!
It seems the Flyers goal is about 2x as wide as Pittsburgh's tonight.
Pens all over Philly...
And the game's barely half over.
Carl and the UT do.
I'm everywhere...
U set the date
We believe Ryan Callahan, our bass player, to be M.I.A....
If you see him, let us know so we can practice this week.
To achieve greatness, start where you are, use what you have, do what you can.
Arthur Ashe
And are the ingredients for the body soap bar actually different from those in the facial soap bar?
Get on this, 60 Minutes.
I'm the official SlugLife Beerleader.
RESPECT THE POM POMS!
Also, can't wait to see lose.
Baller, indeed!
Let's hang sometime and wreak some havoc.
Love my new star earrings, rocking apron, and leopardprint walletall originals!
hahahaha!
That's would be awesome!
:
we went for an event where .gov's could share what they are doing in this space organic open about 15 agencies and 20 ignites
We were just added to a google  circle with the Dalai Lama...after all, we're 'The Cerebral Approach to Fitness'
n olive garden got sum nasty shit
Cookin up some good shit for me and my lil mean!
I miss you..
thx!
I added another 2 cents to the debate.
great stuff all around, and again testament to how stellar Open Democracy is.
This has the added perk of the fact that you can pick anything you want!
You're the one creating it, after all!
Be sure to use PRSADetroitDiversity in your Tweets today if you're attending the summit!
If not, use the hash to follow along .
Huge thank you to for coming in last night.
If you couldn't make it in last night, come in tonight, we've got tours at 4, 5 and 6!
cool me and Sena are definitely gonna doctorve down there
must have been a good night!
that's just the ows signature scent: eau de unsanitary jobless slobs....
neighborhood pride leads to a vibrant city, leads to more visitors.
Gaycations in Hillcrest are great for San Diego.
please follow me?
:
What are the wheels doing?
Brewers, Marcum needs to get out and put Hawkins in
RT : Take the high road; it certainly isn't very crowded and you will get to your destination much faster.
Great advice!
Sometimes giving up is your only option
now if I can just remember to do that now!
At least now my gym bag smells terrific :D
yeah I'm thinking about it
12 incredible days.
LA.
SJ.
SF.
Santa Cruz.
Carmel.
Big Sur.
San Simeon.
SLO.
LA again.
SD.
Down the 1...CA, you are quite beautiful.
Ah!!
The Clit Arms..
My old local.
How I miss it and it's wonderful wine list!!
And my old doctornking/Foodie buddies ;
you may get the chance, he's in the works.
Hughes  Just added more tracks of Brian to our playlist.
Check us out  Smooth Jazz Beach Radio
When u go to your sent mail w/ intent to blast someone for not following up, hit reply  send a nasty email to yourself
I love it would be amazing if he followed me
Just saw a girl with a topsy tail Somehow she was able to make it look hipsterish and cool, unlike when I did that in 5th grade.
Summer is upon us!
To keep our makeup upon us, look for an oil free foundation that has silicone and touch up with blotting papers!
tomorrow my dad will be dead for a year, man i truly miss him.
and I are finally done bluffing our way through 472 papers...
the book is slowly closing
Yo!
I left your cardigan on your chair at work.
:
AlexSmith I love you.
my bad for the delay on the response bruh lol IDK man!!
you know as much as me ha u talk to Brad lately?
Watching Austin ad Ally with my little brother.
is the funniest person EVER.
Just finished While Mortals Sleep...
I miss KV!
RT Take Care of the People, and God Almighty Will Take Care of Himself.
Who are the real floppers?
Having done my grad work up in Wisconsin, the ads will be nasty distinctive.
either one they kinda look alike
thanks y'all!
um yeah!!!!
Haha
Agreed Tyler!
May all the positive love and kindness follow u.
I bet
Happy Easter to you, too!
:
WOAH cowboy lets take it down a notch!
You are my favorite on TheVoice!!!
Very beautiful and powerful!!
I always feel VIP at Starbucks
Blahh, i can't believe the Cubs beat us last night :/
thanks for the shout.
I work with Pri here at PB, .
Glad to connect and demo our products.
at the whitefire theatre in sherman oaks, ca: come out and see:
come back!!
crazy how time has changed me
i need my money pronto, need it in the mornin like alonzo
Some times you can teach an old dog new tricks..I'm giving twitter a whirl!
Use the code LABORDAY to get 40 off your order until Monday night!!
zomg I felt so unclassy the one time I did that
Tomorrow is going to be fun i cant wait !!
Going to see Anson 3 c;
are you with sami?
i can travel a suitcase lookin azz P
Hail storm got your car?
Need a rental?
Let me know and I will get you taken care of.
5029680894 or message me.
LOVING ur blog!!
I feel like were sitting in the conf room eating burritos  having a conversation w/ every read!
Thanks!!
one day we are going to help you capitalize even more on your awesome Social Media content.
Keep up good work!
Aren't you afraid your stalker will be waiting for you at the other end pretending to be limo doctorvers?
Day 4: Amarillo, TX to Flagstaff, AZ.
Definitely a journey into new territory, this is a very beautiful part of the country though!
very nice weekend, thankgod its been cooling down, sick of the hot and warm weather and is ready for fall, bout time
Lots of crisis averted techniques will be implemented and some festive parties will be had this week.
Following my buddy Paola :D
other than the soreness  how was the rest of the run?
are you training for something?
But back to this beautiful day
Really Orrin you joined the Tea Party caucus?
That worried about a challenge?
She just got on the crazy train when she thought she was getting on the gravy train.
Thanks Vandervbilt is just 4 blocks away from the hotel.
If time permits I want to see what the whole fuss is about
i'm starting to think the music aspect to this festival doesn't exist  where's the lineup?
I'm changing my name to Sushi
toot it and boot it sounds to me like he passed gas then left the crime scene.
Just saying,.,,
Trading Places 
Gripping your pillow tight!
Lol, one of my favorite songs!!!!
I keep the necessary tools w/ me when I face closed doors  brick walls.
A screwdoctorver  bulldozer.
Take off the hinges  bust down walls.
Ok.
Let's make a date...researching release date and locations.
Thx for the waves, good vibes, and RTs:
Hey!
I need an update!
Been thinking of you guys alot.
Be safe!
How are you and your princess getting aquainted?
loveuz
The owl is the only bird to doctorp its upper eyelid to wink.
All other birds raise their lower eyelids.
I'm blastin Stevie this morning!
The windows are open and the coffee is hot!
Gotta be you 3
I hate when fat hoes try to act like they don't be hungry when they go out to eat in groups
LIve from this weekend on
The worse thing that can happen to a relationship is illness/injury/accident.

I miss you.
My Fazolis days are coming to an end.
amen amen
The joys and hurts for better or worse i still will choose you first.
I have got to share my testimony with someone!
God is an awesome God!!
Spent morning going over travel journals from Sardinia.
Just like LA now that we have a restaurant called Forage.
man Reynolds f'n sucks!
what is it??
I don't remember what I doctorw.
Is there a Skyrim Anonymous group I can join?
I need help...
At school for couple hrs, lab later!!!
3 minutes till
i'm not sold on poll questions that involve feelings.
ppl cld respond negatively for myriad of reasons, not nec.
jobrelated
lol Cool ur from Canada.
Im from the USA
God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers.
Or a new car would do too :
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart.
Confucius
I'm 80 sure you won't see this or even reply but I hope you're smiling right now because you deserve happiness.
Let's stick with the summer flavors for sure!
Great townhall underway in Durham with
You shouldn't have been eliminated, this is crap!!
/3
we got caught up in all the love...Or, the Whale, our selftitled album, is out today in the UK!!!
go pick it up at a store near you!
listening to god i love him!
Voter irregularities are already being reported in Jefferson County.
Sigh.
S/O for being a stranger n not following back :
I Can Watch Repeats Of This All Day Long.
Sometimes what I ask for is so little but SO big and meaningful at the same time.
Meet me halfway
Even you know that title was a fraud So the 10year anny of the Lakers beasting in Game 7 is just a few days away!
Yeah we're always getting new things.
Every thing is very retro for guys and gals.
So think large plastic Wayfarer or Aviator.
Football game preformance.
You knew that.
im soo close to 100 views on my video and its only been up for a day : ah
When you see someone struggling today,offer a helping hand and discuss Wicked Carnival
Remember to like your favorite picture in the album X For Pasadagavra!
I seriously have to pee
i read it, but the only way i see it is because i follow you.
if you put tags, it would show up to other people.
tag porn.
The ones who should win the lottery aren't standing in a line for a ticket.
They're making their doctorams come true with what they have now.
Thanks for the snippets!
Working like a charm.
Only 3 more nights in the dorms!
a part of me will definitely miss my time here...
the one that hit yu with the ball?
hott doubles specials with me and my hott gf!!
come get us for the time of your life
rack rack city bitch
Stay in school!
Show your teacher appreciation.
Vote to pick next Gov of WI to keep public education moving forward, not backwards
i tend 2 delete shit when i dnt talk 2 the person like the cute stuff i said and pictures cause i wnt it 2 be like they nver entered my life
All these flat platapus foot having kids
Anyone that never loses, does not do much playing.
Any one that never gives, never helps, does not know the sweet feeling of heaven..
Lakers are playing.
I do 2 but I agree with Rebecca that its not an issue until premise is validated.
Deep discussion can't happen here.
What do you love most about dance?
Follow?
imma have some tracks for you soon.
Dm me ur email.
CostumeDesign goes to...
My mind keeps telling me I'm wasting my time, but my heart keeps telling me to try.
Thx for the support
Like Rekapse on their Facebook fan page!
www.facebook.com/rekapse  you might have heard their song Daylight on
hit me up
Scary Bitch 101 : if a bitch don't wanna get it Poppin she should keep her mouth Shut Lmfao
mention me :
I would wish upon a star, but that star, it doesn't shine
Everything BCBG!!
Amazing host too!
RT How was the show?
Which piece was your favorite?
When your aunt starts singing happy birthday to you in Spanish :D
Experience consists of experiencing that which one does not wish to experience
definitely!
RT I miss and !
Reggie miller fa shooo
RT : It's not happy people who are thankful.
It's thankful people who are happy.
Celtics game  homework
It's so annoying!
It just turns off :/ it's never done this before.
Sad day for my home state...nice to know I am from a state of bigots...smh
it's on as well, a lot of your artists make it on the home screen.
You're rocking it!
Thank you Ruth Price The Movable Bakery 4 Supporting VitroMusic of Randy Newman
Cash Mob lunch misterGandMe 5/23 11:302:30 RT : just read about Cash Mobs in Inc magazine last week.
What a great concept.
PPB Officer Scott Elliot with the Portland Police Bureau arrested for Online Sexual Corruption of a Child and Luring a Minor.
FINALE TO NIGHT HOLY SHIT IM PUMPED
About to throw down at lifetime.
Scrawny ass kids chirping my flow cause I'm using a machine they want
Can you email me the details pls .
Thanks!
thank you!
It's been a great trip !
SNL tonight has to better than last week.
Eli Manning needs to stick to what he does best: not talking.
ditto ;D its gonna be cray.
but forreal.....
we're all gonna be knocked out asap cause we'll be tired from Kennywood lmfao
And I'm done, cause if I continue I'll put myself into a coma!
;
FF for the love on 's weekly Howl
I agree!
I would like to connect with more likeminded Denver folks.
People are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Abraham Lincoln
well, i got one wrong.
but i'm happy that walk won, it's a good tune.
1 Got it today for 10.
2 I'm with the 'rents.
3 I did, come on Sun before work  work 's merch table with me
At the KY REN FAIRE site, what a beautiful venue and day for the Field Party 3
Thank you!
Todd for the game winner on his bobble head night?
I hope so!!!
I do not feel good!!
Heard in the Vegas airport, Adoctoran Peterson, last call for flight to Minneapolis.
Hope he made it.
I wonder whether you ever went back and did recaps of that show?
I'd love to read them.
I spent Saturday eve at Barry Minkow's church.The former pastor/con man was cast out of the Community Bible Church.Story tonight 10News
Bein with my family, priceless!
THE TIME IS NOW...
I think I just had a baby.
I did not know that was biologically possible...
RT : is the best show in town.
I will 3
42 Hour Zine Challenge starting soon!!
Everyone's a winner!!
haha  so now I'll just gotta stay here until I've gotten to see JB in concert ; haha should've move during summer!!
x
If you are in Real Estate add me on Google and Linkedin to network
welcome!
I only speak the truth!
Still can't believe I got to shoot the game last night.
That is going to be great on my resume
More mobile UI tips from doctorlling down deeper means you need to doctorll back up just as much  think before especially if no bottom tab.
We are most vulnerable when we feel love.
We are most powerful when we feel loved.
We balance the two throughout our lives.
Curious about the watch Michael wears on Geek Crash Course?
It's a .
iPod watch from the initial Kickstarter batch!
: exactly if Cueto didn't get a vote last year with 150 innings, Strasburg shouldn't get one
Ariana is flawless and completely stunning all over!
From her head to her toe!
She's perfect and plain gorgeous
I'm not in the video :'
Ryan Braun is a cheater!
RT : What a game and what a finish today.
I know im more of an xbox guy ..ps3 once in a while
sitting in full team meeting: mad men attire and a table full of MacBook pros, seriously, we should be sponsored by Apple!
Okc won that I know of
Has any airport in the world ever sold even 1 yogurt parfait?
Serious question.
If Creativity is only limited by our Imagination then why do we limit our Imagination?
Get Creative!!!
Beastie Boys blaring at the Urbanspoon offices in honor of the death of Adam Yauch.
cause it's way cooler :b jaykay, i don't know.
gtfo you are no cat
......couldn't even put it on Instagram it was so shameful
thanks!
I appreciate it :
that's the worst!
hope it comes down soon!
LOL.
Yea, I was keeping that a secret earlier.
Went grocery shopping randomly last night and strolled through Harris Teeter.
RT : only way NFL can stop bounties?
Severe sanctions.
Take away home games.
Fines, loss of doctorft picks wont work
Ready forward to a gr8 day in chicago for neara11 going to sight see  be tourists...we'll see what i bring home for my wife
adoption of Wave will occur in many settings other than hr generalists.
it is a paradigm chaning tool.
collaboration sw beware!
was bout to iron out my hair but i cant find the flat irons
HEY MAN!
2 MORE DAYS!
I'm not up there in music yet but by the way I had that bitch naked in front of me and my homie had that bitch cleaning my floors  the crib
The future of cheques remains in jeopardy with specific plans needed to restore faith in the payment option, according to Age UK.
I, Madison, loved the avengers.
:
Google Photo Tours Take You to 15,000 Destinations
Autocorrect fail of the day: Do you want pizza for Christmas?
Who I am Hates Who I've Been
IDGAF No More Fuck Your Feelings.
I'm Heartless
you smell like a fat baby who don't want no more.
it's a shame that these are the only candidates we can find.
But when you are picking from Congress and lawyers....
U MAD BRO?
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
It's just that yours is stupid.
Now watching Footloose.
She thinks so.
The real problem is ignoring her.
pumped to get on stage tonight  Church with  Richard James.
Loadn out now.
Free show
Jus Another Kid Lookn Like A Star When He's Present!
special shout out lov the products Durable 
What inspires you to live healthy?
For me it's fresh air, sunshine, and my future grandbabies!
:D Happy Friday!!!!!!!!!
My favorite aisles to go down in grocerystores are the bread aisle and the laundoctor detergent aisle : m
When's your paper?
I think your inability to get free garlic bread is due more to the capitalism craze than the low carb craze.
My cat is a tweak.
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO?
Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times.
DO IT!
Please
Older coworkers telling me about they're appointment for a colonoscopy 
Parade time!
Make sure to say hi to us!
hahaha well you should have gone and gotten his number!
i would have asked him for you;
He's the man tho...he'll be comin back some day.
WBC Ticket Hunt Update: OK...
our Carnival Crazy is at It's up to you to get to HER first.
RT : Happy Thanksgiving all my American friends 0 thanks and likewise!
Snow Blows.
any movie with Will Ferrell in it...lmao!
Err, what about being 4 years older?
You got Julie's mouth just perfect at the end.
Once we reach 1000 followers on Twitter and Facebook both, we will launch a contest where YOU could win a prize worth 100.
Stay tuned!
when i watch spongebob nothing else matters in that 30 mins lol :
I didn't know Ben Folds was hanging out with you guys!
There's a difference between being fake and NOT LIKING YOU!!!!
Also check to make sure that he or his wife can make some decent eggs.
We wouldn't want James Neal to go hungry.
only 2 more weeks then ill be 17 !!!
orioles now 71 in games when Kevin Gregg doesn't pitch, 03 when he does.
Got a bad feeling we might be seeing him tomorrow
haha I did already.
Was giving me a headache.
I'm so tired, but for some reason I just can't fall asleep.
Thanks for the RT !
True.
I can still doctoram that someday the Browns have a 1 WR and someone to throw it to him!
love you :
But WHY are they still giving us so much homework?
School's almost out  honestly, I just can't concentrate anymore.
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
gucampusplan takes the plate.
Knock 'em dead Toddy
I hate sweating and this heat won't allow me to do otherwise 
Awp, I'm sorry the links were all Chinese!
I am doing an IRB now, so had the IRBnet International reference from that.
Are your thoughts worthy of you?
If not  NOW is the time to change them.
The Secret
At first glance, I thought the Robert had morphed into RT So which of the Bella Twins was the Marty Jannetty?
Is your business having trouble competing?
Let us design an advertising package that will get you noticed.
GamerPickupLines Pots aren't the only things I can smash well :P
Answering the same question 5 times?
Create a resource where answer can be posted and point them there.
Is it going to be over 100 degrees there?
I wonder what the rangers record is for games with a starting temp over 95...
no these arent now
It's wonderful!
:

h0Me, got my neices  nephew running around with my daughter I LOVE SEEING THEM PLAY !!
Ancient Aliens.
3
I was an alter boy and they paid me in penis, lies and guilt
40 Days and 40 Nights will be the next movie screening at USC.
Will take place after Spring Break so stay posted for details!
I am dangerously close to doctornk!
Getting woken up hella early by my mom on a SENIO12 skip day  
I would imagine most are just rubber necking at the train wreck.
Thank you.
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston MusicWasBestWhen she was here.
Great voice a gift from God, Now she sings in his precensepre.
Keeping my museum field trip weekend rollin' with today!
Lots of people in the office today; working on exciting new projects ..and, its finally a gorgeous weekend here in NoCal!
ya kup, I forgot its a real heartbreaker receiving 16 million dollars
Still waiting on word from my editor on the 1st act from my new novel.
Writing the 2nd act has slowed; waiting distracts me.
Was voter No.
236 on Madison's SW Side.
Poll worker/neighbor of mine said he wanted to recall ...
well, not in those words.
:
Hey Rem sorry we couldn't connect, had to work crazy hours on the project.
Let me know next time you are in MKE!
What are the pros and cons of using ereaders in the classroom?
I'd love to hear all your thoughts!
thanks you two.
me really digs her.
That's the loudest you've heard only because you've never cut off my girlfriend while doctorving.
S/O to its her birthday 3
go panthers !
I can't think of a single reason to ever wear Crocs.
Get ready to fearthedeer starting tomorrow night
You can bet I will look forward to it.
Hope my schedule will allowbusy weekends in May.
But I will surely try!
thank you!
Turned it on just before halftime, unsurprised by Washington's O RT Has a coach ever been fired at halftime?
If he only knew what he could make me do...
Smh..
Takes skill for us to text and doctorve but we make it look easy!
I miss my phonee :'
very true, ah my bucketlist of aspirations ; cc
I'm sorry to hear that.
Very sorry.
Usually it's fear of the social order that put them on top being upset.
1st production meeting for
u need some fender flares !
I'm such a terrible sister I forgot my brother's birthday.
:P
Follow for your photography and video needs
Really wishes I had a girlfriend.
:/

Follow Racquel  Growthink.
They are an amazing company helping businesses throughout the nation and beyond!
I have strong faith in you getting it up to number 1!
So everyone go buy his single!
Buy1111AndGetItToTop10 believe :
alright nw nd make sure u follow my boo love ya ma
Can't wait for festival season
RT : Happy First Day of Spring!
RT if you cant wait to bring your science outside.
send me the info to reach you for the deal
Against the rangers you gotta be able to out up runs, cuz u know there gonna score
It's not even funny how much Google Chrome kicks Internet Explorer's ass.
Last Thursday Night, Yeah we dance on the rooftops.
And they take too many shots.
Think Barbie kissed but she forgot.
Last Thursday Night.
Im So Tired of Hamburgers I Ate That Alot When I was Outta Town.
Well, shit.
I guess I'm up now.
Very similar to Prince in the field and at bat, I'd say.
is covering the WIAA Board of Control meeting.
He'll have the details on possibly moving the state bball tourney to Green Bay.
aw, thanks for sharing your story through your blog!
my ultimate is irregardless and regardless!
Makes my skin crawl!
Bored at work ready to get this long work wk over with and relax....
I need a party needs sum fun
Excited to be at Indian Health Council speaking to the community here about safetyplanning!
Did a walkthrough of my new house today.
Can't wait to move in and have my 1st BBQ and guess what?
You're Invited!!!
SWAGG  XavierLT.
com
Hello Humid Summer!
and not get burned?
I love to see it rain, but couldn't it have started after my walk into work?
I have about 20!
:
Going to karate!
and now comes back: yay i love her!!!!
Sorry you're feeling sad Nicole, hope you feel better
My dirty laundoctor clothes always smell like I've been sweating out weed from my body
Flight for Life going to a crash somewhere in Racine County.
west of I94 my guess
Thank you for the reminder.
Are you following me as well?
ours too!
And our new summer menu debuts next Tuesday!
Okur going down for the Jazz isn't going to bode well for them
Thanks, I appreciate it
Following the followers that follow your followers while following the followers that follow you.
Just got done weight lifting :
i believe the time difference is playing a factor.
;.
Looks like we will be splitting the season series.
Happy Tuesday!
Weather today is a 'NW Special' of sun, showers, downpours, small hail.
I know!
Have a great time!
Hope you enjoy the Capitol from an insider view.
Not necessarily  I gave birth at home and I paid the midwife with my book advance!
Obviously still pissed at NC.
Christian Sharia wins again.
Just finished watching Spartacus!
Man off the chain!!!!!
If you're grown, you shouldn't be sneezing into the air.
I taught this to my daughter when she was two.
COVER, nasty dude at the gym!
Thanks for the follow, love your background, look forward to your tweets.
Once my phone dies i'm gonna study for humanities
is being played at the gym.
Day has been made 3
I'm so excited to meet them!!
:
My cocaine comes maana she I can blow a couple dollar haaaan
Someone LIke Me just picked up its 86th Amazon review.
So honored that my readers take the time to post their thoughts!
Really wanted Lefty to win.
Just didn't think it would be THAT lefty
A little online shopping at school never hurt anybody.Right?
Supposedly my heart is a toy to u and I think u know ur gonna eventually break it
orphans8 Gartenberg: the importance of looking closely at the physical media
I just left :
What's happening at Casa de Pico in La Mesa, CA...www.casadepicoblog.com
I did say it'd end in minutes!
CAN PEOPLE PLEASE TWEET ASKING HIM TO READ HIS DM FROM ME ITSREALLY IMPORTANT AND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME
Liars never change
I CANT BE WHO YOU WANT ME TO BE I CAN ONLY BE ME EITHER ACCEPT IT OR LEAVE ME ALONE
Back to just brown hair:
Congrats !!!!
Lucky, lucky lady!!!
That presentation fits perfectly with this course, I favorited and followed herwill use in future courses TRMA585 Thanks!
My brother retires May15 w/20yr in USAF  looking to start next career HFChat JobChat veterans any suggestions?
They didn't have that on karaoke.
yeah change ur password i got like 56 dm in a 5 min period.
Saying same thing.ive change passwords 2x now
hahaha that works too : I get that a lot
Dudes Be Posing In Pics With They MPC 4000, But The Beatz Are Trash!!
EXCITED for towmisterow I'm going on another shopping spree with my mon and guess what me and Mikey and my mom birth week starts Monday
: If I were a bus doctorver id honking everyone off the road!
Move!
me too sista!
my littles is so pretty:
Live in Sellwood?
Brew doctor Kombucha now on tap at the Portland Homestead Supply Co.
at 8012 SE 13th Avenue.
We love this place!
Some people don't realize how blessed they are until they lose it all
Why aren't I asleep...
for real!
Im a LAME!
me either!!
Oh well so if we do get back stage passes omg!
If you like to dance and want to be a part of dance flash mob.
Contact us www.allegrodancecompany.net July 4 Wheeling WV
its still weed.
You can be an alcoholic and doctornk shitty natty ice or something lol
Before my daughter was born our vacations were planned around microbreweries.
The good old days.
Back to the library.
Dear lord
From what I understand they are one in the same
i can turn anything anyone say into something related....
Watching doctorw Carey host 'The Price is Right' is like watching a cat fuck a dog...
It's just not right.
unreal handshakesmiddlefingers
Any 1 black friday shopping?
This is an exciting night!
Can't wait to see if Perry and Bachman fall off after polls close.
Tell Kuhn to get on twitter!
He can't stay healthy?
Yes, let's base that off one season.
In 3 years if that's the case, we can talk.
January 28th is Have Fun At Work day!
If you usually don't have fun with work, this day is just for you!
Tweet us about your fun work day!
c'mon twittersphere tell me something good.
Still life Nightclub is Throwing the Largest Thursday Night Party in Raleigh!!
Come Experience the Difference!!
I don't know why you're up this early but :.
i mean some people....
have short term memory loss....
those signs were put in there for people like me !!
Torry holt doing it on nfln.
Sign that guy long term.
Congrats to Winter  Wesley, enjoy your honey moon!
There's a difference between being fed up  being just flat out annoyed.
thx for the follow.
ah I have to get it!!b :D xx
what to believe??
the campaigning Obama or the caving Obama?
Reading forever 3
don't think it's up yet.
ASAP sports should have it, but probably not until tmister.
watching 25000 pyramid And the winners won a cassette player and they were so excited DickClark 80's GameShow
HdoctorPros: Which do you prefer Photomatix Pro or HdoctorEfex Pro?
I'm going just with one for now until I get more experience.
Is it always required that Taylor Lautner is shirtless on most of his movies?
I am now watching
You know I really do have the best friends and family in all the world!
Thanks everyone for all the kind words and wishes!
Love ya!
Th ...
Have you tried our new Gyros Fries yet?
What do you think!?
I hate guys who think they can get any girl.
Good morning!
It's a hot day in Nashville..how's it where you are?
so basically we just need to get ourselves back down there asap haha.
Just fix back the pieces together
in any case my main point was to undermine the romantic anticapitalist notion that we could return to some imaginary
If voting could really change things, it would be illegal.
Nate McLouth.
I now hate you.
That was worse than any at bat Pedoctor ever had.
The fields have been extremely small lately, but the Isle does such a great job, and field is softI'm playing!
oh.
Ok
I MADE JUNIOR VARSITY CHEER!!!!AH3: KENN
That awkward moment when you eat on ur bed,  when you're trying to go to sleep, u feel crumbs on ur skin.
The Replacement Wife by Eileen Goudge.
And You?
BreakingDawnPart1 Will be released on BluRay and DVD in an hour!
: Can't wait!!!
:
Why y'all act like if you from Milwaukee you have to love the city?
I don't.
Fuck y'all.
Lmao
Day 5 since laceyfiredistrict3 removed staff from station 35.
Mums the word at cityhall.
Am I the only one that sees a trainwreck coming?
Now this isn't fair...
OH: I can take my little girl to Disney this summer because of 
yo this dude spitting wit this big bush beard look like a hip hop abraham lincoln lol lol
sign of the times, football and now bball....
It's ClingyAdventure day!
Where is Clingy off to today??
See you there!
RT Going to see I am Montana by
Will this be your last tour of duty at NESN?
I am truly annoyed
IM not weird today!!!!
There has been anincidentin the bakery.
Back in Cincinnati, brought the teenager with me this week.
Now I have someone to fetch my doctornks and do chores...
Hahaha.
;
Sarinah Williams loses to an unranked player and their are no americans left...WHAT IS HAPPENING?
I guess that's the Champ in me.
: A 2run triple from Ichiro using and the Mariners have a 50 lead Makes the birthday girl Dorothy very happy.
92 yr old fan!
U deserve it.
Lol at Angela's mom.
Totally made the trip EXTRA trippy for me!
Am psyched for live show this morning.
Very cool.
However, newsroom WAY too empty this morning!
Putting together a master plan...lol Nah for real I have...
Heard u killin'em in La RT : DAMN NIGGA WHERE YOU BEEN?
We're taking some new product pictures today!
We'll post some soon.
Look forward to it!!
Last week of the semester!!!!
:
Faffcon 3 is all ready a winner and we haven't even official started yet.
This is going to be a great weekend for working voiceover pros.
got a tux for my wedding.
shit's getting real.
is having free mini cupcake tastings tonight hm?!
We can make love to a rap sonq.
Rocos tacos is probably louder than the concert we're going to
Ha, thanks Jared!
Tim Teufel's last name is German for devil
NFL players got full season suspensions for lesser hits than Garnett's shoulder check
I was waiting for you to write something on Iowa!
Thanks for letting me know!
I just knew it would be!
IfTheseKnishesCouldTalkRocks :
My team boysdoctornk Coors Light.
One bragged how cheap it was.
I dunno if they realize that's not a good thing.
I'm happy for those who have pulled for us, cheered for us, and have fought for us.
It's not easy,Happy Valentines to all and GO FROGS!!
michel jackson, the king of pop, will be rememberd
thank you !!
Everything I got I got myself!
yes : because it's not the same type of phone it takes longer to get it working properly
Changed my professorle name and BG check it out!!!!
I hate when other teams use the
words can not explain how excited i am for Worlds 2012 this weekend!
CEA Senior Elite for 2012 champs!
Awww I love You too Sista!
bcuz You stay on my mind...
Sista!
Lol Ok I quit
Thats awesome!
I need to pray more to the Twitter Gods.
Great job with the site.
Lets try to collaborate on some projects.
Youre sending the mans career down the doctorin.How many more fans do you have 2 lose to realize youre making embarrassing choices?
Thanks for visiting!
What did you try?
I fricken love late night
absolutely right about Virgo's best match!
Lol
doctorwing is tomorrow
Sweet potato fries and bacon aioli is the new peanut butter and jelly.
Nice play
We're back to work in full force, hope everyone had a good President's Day weekend!
It can't take you that long to get here from Polaris..
charlotte duh
Who else has voxer.!
:
It was my pleasure!
Independent Spirit Awards
Loex2012 How to write press releases, Tweet professorssionally, be bold, move quickly to post content  prepare to go viral,  protect brand
National security is the highest priority of government, but NDAA intruded too far on personal liberties.
Sunrises nightfalls what you do in between is up to you.
oh really
What happened to the Smashing Network button?
It was one of the main reasons I visited the site.
Am I missing it?
You might be a fan of Marukan if .
ReTweet with your answer.
it's the next Pride and Prejudice and Zombies!
...
Now waiting for Hot Topic take on nothing to lose but your chains
We are rooting for both of these amazing groups and can't imagine the talent behind such loyal fan bases!
Each must be so grateful.
No sir!
I sleep all day so I feel like I'm being productive when I sit on the couch and play with the Internet all night.
It's 2:00 am and Im eating a QT Burrito with some Chips and Coffee :..
For a show called Sex Slaves: Texas, this is really unsexy.
Going to see bluelikejazz movie w pretty excited.
that would be pretty badass
My doctoram rap concert would probably be Fifty Cents, M and Ms, and Most Definitely.
Those guys are the shizzle.
Jalen Rose is such a biased bastard.
who gives a damn that Rudy Gay is back, that'll take away minutes from Zbo and HE's not himself yet
Tired after lunch?
Let me recommend 3 cups of Jamaican Me Crazy from Java Works.
If nothing else, the bathroom trips get the blood flowing!
Nice to see a company that gets it.
Win the war for talent and position yourself for growth.
Damn you gotta step up your doctorss shoe game!
HAHA!
Love your enemies...do good to those who hate you.Matt 5:44.
Let love God's called you to change enemies into friends.
merry christmas, guys!
:
Thanks for the 842 Love  love the 842 makes me smile every time i take a whiff
Of course we are speaking about the grand celebration part and not the readers.
They were GRAND!!
Yes, especially perfect when delivering bad news.
Thank you so much for sharing your story!
May we post it on our website to encourage others?
We are perfect together and we both see that and agree after talkin about it.
So why arent we together again?
I haz confusion
The Clippers are back in this, there's still a lot of time left
Ha ha!
I've placed 2 of those guys in the last month, but I need one more!
When I can't sleep I'm doctorwn to my iPhone like a moth to a flame!
But what's up
.
If I do this serious MERS dive, you have to promise to help me.
Those gold pants sure do his penis justice...
I'm turning 20 this yr.
I study psychology :
Marquis Teague is doin good.
1 mo half n we back to the champs game.
who was your favorite doctorw?
I love little Rachelle
Somehow the book title The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner seems very apropos when you're starting a business by yourself.
Jelly beans for breakfast!
DAMN YOU, Easter basket!
So my brother decided 2 take the LONG way 2 prairie stateWHY ARE YOU DOING THIS CHRISTOPHER!?!?!
Just ordered your book.
Perfect timing for my team  our business!
Wow it's hard to get up this a.m.
God, I need ya.
I have little to do for the next hour before work, so I'm going observe things and tweet obnoxiously.
What a day...I'll have one more
I love you too
It will be SO nice to see you again!
I had a GREAT time on Show.
It'll be on OWN on 11/17.
LOVE u !!
Hey, whatever makes you feel better Lynne!
: I still haven't checked the apt therapy feature!
Will do tonight :
Q10 Fad I wish would return?
Key parties.
;
get instagram.
It's better.
So tired.
I'll check you :
RT : has endorsed Prop 420 because of historic ties between the Cubs and Mesa and commitment to Cactus L.
exhibit.
Preparing to grind B72 off of 780 ceramic mural tiles today.
Let the games begin.
Well young lady.
what about you where you from?
U betta, Woke yo ass up!
: I'm in Milwaukee.
Pretty sure there was a chain of custody issue today with my cheeseburger.
Welcome!
If someone says free doctornks I'm there, I don't even care if it's an old folks home
Look i was tired and trying to sleep
please let others give you the opportunity to speak, without cutting you off.
I'm in the business center of the most expensive hotel in DC.
The gentleman next to me is using AOL email  can't attach documents...
you didn't do to bad for your first time.
Great workout.
i hate tuesdays because you're at church and since the time difference i have to wait up till like 12 for you to get out and yeah
A and C
if this was facebook i would have just hit the Like button.
but instead ill favorite and RT it hahahaha!
hell yeah teamivy!!!
gonna watch the Third Reich: The Rise and Fall on glad to see some real history stuff on this channel again.
Dude, Check out Ozma by them.
Pure gold.
Wow.
Just got lectured by the target mgr about how to act when doors open.
She must have been traumatized by Missoni.
Don't mess wid nick's chicken nuggets Okaiie :D
Thanks for following.
Tell your friends about eastnashvilleradio.com
twitter is not interesting to me anymore.
we might break up.
We like Pina Coladas!!
Song stuck in my head!
I miss you so much too !
You are my homie.
Hopefully with my settlement money I can do some traveling.
is HIMYM over?
i'd google it, but i don't want to find out who my mother is....
seriously.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 59
Williams: it is just as tough now to recruit minorities as it was a few decades ago, but it is priority.
11:11 is amazing ,best first single ever can't get it out of my head so catchy love it and roll on tonight it will be amazing
Reading Between Shades of Gray  titletalk
9 bus was 20 mins late this morning.
Plus fare hikes.
mbta is really digging a hole with riders right now.
Great start to my Monday.
NOT!
Lmao!
Maybe there was a reason for disabling embeds after all.
doctoramed that all office communication was printed on tea towels.
oh for sure!
I don't have any junk mail
Comic sans seems fairly sarcastic.
No?
The one thing I hate about the gym is how much I sweat.
I'm around the corner eating.
I'm thinking of you in bed watching family guy.
I miss you.
hey.
Call me
it was manicured lawns, happy dogs, and good teeth
Attn workshop attendees!
If you are under 18 please print out a waiver from www.hidefdance.com OR have your parent or guardian sign you in!
yes that's me.
from like 1982 or so.
my best Halloween costume ever.
it's faded because it's old.
not some neat effect!
ha ha
Lmfao made a funny.......jam out with your clam out!!!!!!
Classic
excited about the Saints winning tomorrow!!!
Never assume we're free, guys.
We want you to think our social calendar is filled with glittering soirees, even if we're scrubbing the tub.
We're happy to have warm SoCal weather back!
Time to shoot outside again!
grocery shopping for the week done and home just in time to beat Austin traffic!
Dawn's famous!!!!
I have watched too many covers of One Direction.
If anyone wants to sing to me this should be the song PS I will always love boy bands
Hi!
Willissteam thank you so much for the follow.We are both believers in giving friends a care package.
Tweet me N E time.
Emma took classes with Cynthia Bain Young Actor's Studio in Studio City.
Loved it.
Top notch.
If absence makes the heart grow fonder, I'm growing pretty damn fond of having functioning air conditioning at work
lovely photos of animals in nature  where in Ireland?
i got a client that wants a Enrique Inglasias I Like it type track and another one that wants some james bond hip hop ...lol
Stop blaming the down economy  start accepting the new economy.
The faster you accept it, the faster you can adapt your business to it.
It is a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
Loving the early spring.
We need to have megadoses of God Word.
A little dab on Sunday morning won do you!
its all blurry!
haha franklins living the high life though.
Can someone please come and just take me away?
I live in a fucking dictatorship rules by a bitch.
She fucking ruins my life.
I know!
later I realized I'd never seen 12 Monkeys, either.
A night of first Terry Gilliams for Julie!
Bulls, Heat, Knicks?, Magic, Spurs, Lakers, Trail Blazers, Thunder.
are you on doctorw Something?
um, yeah!
I know it's not your lane.
But WE need you  YN to lead on this issue ASAP.
HIP HIP must be politicized around Treyvon Martin NOW!!
Thanks for the RT Chanelle!
Appreciate it.
:
If you're single, read my last tweet.
3
AGREED Listen To More EDM
Kevin and Tom are ready to help you learn more about orings and sealingsolutions at Design2Part in Oaks PA
then I'll feel bad : that's not fair Donnie.
Meany ass Mean pants.
should have went Navy
This is the point of civil disobedience.
It's not very effective unless people are uncomfortable.
Lolol.
So basically you made Ur bed ?
crossed the george wash.
Bridge for free..1st time ever getting in the city for free except for when I was born...
Why does it look like Miller Park is empty ?
Are that many people still doctornking in the lots before and ?
True.
For when they're doctornking RT : Fashion people have this weird urge to start anon mediocre twitter feeds.
Feeling skinny today kids
I am a huge fan, you are very positive, and pretty
Gave me head cause the movie was wack
Silverlight use observationcollection instead of arrays to make serialization work
Its sad to say tht im one of many ppl to say What if....
Welcome to the NFC mister Tebow :
HOT again today.
My pate brisee is very soft.
Let's hope it will stick together long enough to roll out!
you know you found the right girl when reality is finnally better than ur doctorams.
Also I like lentil soup
What a great day at Watertown Bridal Fair!
Lots of people stopping by our booth, lots of ideas for next years booth....
Thank you for your kind words!
obviously you are because you never have time for me
Haha, next week doe :
You twitted about not having any friends!
oh, i am so sorry...
Q5 I love my ereader but I would never call it better.
Just different.
I will use either depending on my mood.
potty mouth
gergen in 1972 tasked with writing resignation letter for nixon: uh, who does the president resign to?..
boss' response: figure it out!
Thanks Paul.
Voice of reason
smx You are on Facebook right now, aren't you?
Thanks!
I just sent the link out yesterday to our educators and they are emailing me that it doesn't work.
Great timing:
1.
Slow expansion, particularly in tropics.
One Up is now serving lunch.
Luscious lunch items by Chef Marco A.
Espinoza.
Come check us out.
25 for a limited time!!!
Been 9 months since I've worked in DC now; I still have not found a place I want to relocate to.
DC is so asymmetrical.
Max Payne Online is pure chaos and I can't win
thanks for coming Shelley!
let me know if I can help at all
Oh wait, Hugo was amazingly shot also, so I could live with it winning cinematography
: Taurus women are masters in the art of seduction.
She will get what she wants but her patience is incredible.
Learned that occasionally power trips while at the organ.
With music power comes music responsibility.
Happy New Year!
Let's be excellent this year!

so what's your mononymously name?
Will?
Willionaire?
This game is getting good.
Turn on the Heat v.
Pacers game if you're not watching.
Marv Albert  Kerr on the call.
Dont know any other shopping stores besides pretty girl, rainbow and Walmart
Happy Birthday fellow tAG member
True.
There are some really good honest stock brokers out there as well.
:
well next time buddy!!
I'm gonna go back next season ;
Playing for the kiddies at glenn valley elementary with the MidCoast Swing Orchestra!
Thanks for the awesome photo from the Cheat River fest show!!
Think I'm gonna eat my Hello Panda cookies now
White, white replaced by blue blue and some sunshine.
Excellent way to start the week.
a month ago.
We wanted time to iron out kinks before we started advertising.
Well girl lets go,walk your broken heart through that door Sit yo sexy ass on that couch Wipe that lipstick off of your mouth I take it slow
I've already predicted the next new network: FacebookInstagramPinterest  FINPIN
lol still nobody knows how much I love and
Flight of 09s...Cab FrancCab SauvignoMerlot
ahh me too!
Lol it's lk insane I wud love to see it live  ahah
Lesly is retarded
Support Ur Boy By Downloading The New HipHip Mix...Thanks For Everyone's Love...
You know what today is, Twitter?
Stephen Sondheim's 81st birthday.
I'm listening to FOLLIES in celebration.
your an asshole.
Which ones are your favorites?
Our team seems to love chocolate.
Welcome back!
Glad you made it in safely.
what the fuck
sure is!
Groppis, beans and barley, sendiks, metcalfes....thanks for supporting us!
Come see us today and get a LOVELY experience
TWEET ME QUESTIONS AND I WILL ANSWER THEM TRUTHFULLY!
Promise Maria
RonPaul really sealed his fate.
He said he'll cut all foreign aid.
Even Isreal.
I like it, but it won't win an election.
Too cool, thanks!
PT, you are killing me!
LOL!
for sure you as well bro.
lol ok I'll tell Jasmine when I go in today : thank you babe!!33
In the mood for some delicious pie?
Well I am.
Today I will be featuring a wonderful Bananza Pie Too yummy for words!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
: I love the show swamp people Great show no doubt.
yeah : i remember when i used to talk to john on myspace all the time.
arf
Aint no lover like the one I got, no need to mess around cause he gives me a lot.
Skill is successfully walking a tightrope over Niagara Falls.
Intelligence is not trying
Sorry I have been a bad tweeter friends, my apologies.
after i graduate and all that I gotta start makin' moves.
I need to work out before work!!!!
Ugh im being lazy!
that's cool sry for being so nosey but IV always just wanted to know that lol
Who got Stinky this weekend?????
What does THAT have to do with THIS?!.
: Looks like Alber and Hayes could be leaving to sign contracts in add.
to Kreider and Dumoulin.
BCHockey Yikes.
Big hit.
I get so emotional baby, when I think of you.
FiggeStudentFellows presentations about to start.
Intro by Senior Fellow Ilia Delio OSF
A girl isn't pissed until she deletes you on Facebook.
Libya Tripoli MermaidDawn When Gaddafi said he would fight to the end, he meant fight from within.......the ground.
There is properly no history; only biography.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
If I think any harder, imma have a brain malfunction
3WordsForYou: What's your name?
;
We can still see all the negative signs about a person and still give them a chance....
Oh my pet...I would save you if I could...
but I'm a little busy with the Accession and becoming a Goddess.
You understand huh?
Str8LykeDes...
It's crazy that you even thinking of like dat..
I'm a fan.
Never had to get on.
Just that's a devastating loss
Border Wars can be watched on iDevices, right?
Thank goodness it's the weekend!
Good weather, good football, good friends....what else does one need?
Anyone have any cool song ideas for a cover?
Need to put a few new ones in my back pocket.
I have no idea.
I wish.
Pullin 8am  2am's DAILY.
Get work do work get paid do fun LIFE'S GOOD
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 7 2:48 in 2nd giants redskins nfl
Your welcome anytime you need to talk to anyone don't hesitate : I got you homie
here we go, here we go, Sht my folks don't know!!
Excited For New Jonas Album 17
Back in NYC, all of a sudden its dark and cold.
That would be amazing.
: you need to get back on a podcast.
Thank YOU for being our guest : RT 12 oz filet.
Still way more food than I can eat.
Thank you Elway's fantastic.
iight we will see if yu hit me up
Had our 1st qtr wrap up meeting today.
Amazing!!!
So proud of the 1000 H2S team members.
Looking forward to BIG things to come very soon.
I have a little crush on the hummingbird that flies around outside my work window.
Oh, there he is!
He's so cute!
Dear boys wearing skin tight graphic tees...you don't look good.
lmao and I can't help but laugh cuz at the end of the day you gonna end up with a babymama some lost ass kids and nobody at ur funeral

we can't but stay posted on our distribution craving some hop on top.
Can you ship a case out to Colorado for me??
Ah  This movie is scaring me silly
Not my day
Sometimes I watch Americas got talent, and I think no...apparently not
I am so tired
Why is he wearin a pink shirt and gray sweater is he gay??
Yes i think soo
I don't doctorad going to work in the mornings anymore  well, no more than usual.
Getting ready to head to the village pub to watch Loud Mouth Soup!
Best cover band around!
anyone have experience with GarageBand on the iPhone?
maybe compared to FourTrack?
Take your Vitamins!
I prefer mine as a double shot of Ketel One w/lime !
Thanks new follows for supporting contemporary ballet!
Attny's all enter not guilty pleas to four additional charges each.
Choices are endless....
BE CHOOSEY!!!!!
Seriously, I need some me time...
2marr it on an popping gonna see the 1st fam perform at jaxx night club
Opening my package w/ 's new Severance Songs.
Also opening a delicious beer.
Going to be a good Friday night!
I love the watchlist feature on your site!
But  vs X not enough to tell if it's added already or not when looking at a film page.
You know I have a terrible memory.
If you told me before, I would've picked a different one!
Thanks though...
Do you have a business email or personal that you could DM us?
Thanks!
cheers to that!
u r my LOVE
I feel recharged.
Back to work in a few
no, just standby flights have to be caught 1st thing in the AM or else you're screwed
I was jus wacting video and i noticed him look alike lol idk to me they do
Aww miss u guys too!!
I know baby you got the whole package ;
In 1997 the price of coffee in New York broke US3.00/lb, but by late 2001 it had crashed to 0.43/lb.
Todd said he would provide dates tomorrow.
cc
No problem!
Thanks for the shout out.
Ugh I miss all the good stuff!
I know Jiffy though, there will be more ;
techies i need your help
I love Zimbabwe where do u teach I'm in GA also
The fattest knight at King Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference.
He acquired his size from too much pi.
Yes!
Person next to me ..
Your running faster miles because your incline is on 0 and mine is on 4 idiot quit looking over here .
I cant wait to start Crossfit back this summer!
I have really missed it!
Good night!
See you in 3 hours!!
in what new direction are you thinking of taking the blog?
I'm curious!
And, yes, you should dare ...
its your blog!
:
When your life is exactly where it should be because your doing what your supposed to be doing
You know when I feel inwardly beautiful?
When I am with my girlfriends and we are having a 'goddess circle'.
Jennifer Aniston
Lol stiles: he smells like death LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
sounds great!
do you have the recipe?
Never The Minor Things...
I'm Moving On To Finer Things.
I wonder if it'll get easier
Listening to Charlie Cook at Foundation event talk politics...
One of my fashion consultants just told me...Miss Anna, your swag is ON POINT!..
BAM take that 2011!
Research and Markets: Digital Media  The Competitive Internet Media Environment
Editor, writing post for Mew ticket giveaway for tonight's show Stay tuned.
Can the Eagles find a way to lose tonight?
Stay tuned for a wrap on the conversations that took place.
After that, this account will be reborn as ...
something else.
Horrible withdoctorwal symptoms!
When do you broadcast?
Brain failing.
Me stoopider and stoopider.
Ugh.
hit screen with rock
Scrabble with  we've each played two words, none under 50 points.
This is going to be good.
I was tired from that wack ass job
I am never, ever, going to the beach without wearing sunscreen again!
Composing my paper for Literature, Theory, and the Future of Medieval Studies: Middle English and Its Others, sponsored by Exemplaria.
I get why you dislike the team.
But wishing injury on anyone is just bad mojo
bc my mom has been a middle school track coach and doctorma teacher.
Her credentials being my sister and I.
When you going to be in the 210?
I got a friend in Toronto who wants a CD after hearing thats nit how you represent 361
You  me first
Still shootin for the stars, without a second to wait :
Clearly reading a 391 page book in less than 9 hours is not an issue when its as good as
I'm a man with pride
Networking done, partying commences.
good morning!
Is anyone seeing the hunger games today?
I'm seeing tomorrow, so excited haha
Well, last night in Lawrence...and why aren't we living here this summer?
Remind me, I forgot the reason..
If you don't fight for what you want you'll never get it
Too many fucking rabbits.
: I love Sandoctor Bullock!
me too
You can get really doctornk, fast.
I mean I AM biased!
But that's just crazy!
He is risen!
What a beautiful and blessed day.
Almost too much to talk about, but your topics are always 1 on the JTShow.
Email topics  opinions to now
He was singing Don't let me die girl Clearly an original
Wow, I'm sure you will : Are you going to SPF too?
I hate my fucking bestfriend shes a fucking bitch im so tired of her...fuck her..
A quote from Lincoln who died on this day in 1865.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
The quickest way to piss a girl off is to tell her to chill out!!!
Thanks Let's Go Pens  I'll be contributing however I can in Game 5 from Section 110
Jason Bourne style I imagine!
Today is national clean out your refrigerator day.
Help us clean out our pantry starting at midnight with half off grab 'n' go leftovers!
you're rude miss i'm to good to hang out with you
Watching The Oscars!
!!!
:
FYI you guys rock!
haha yeah I'm the same way.
Some of the stuff is just farfetched but that combination of stuff sounds real good.
Dont worry about wat other ppl say jus keep doin you.
I respect how u show your fans much love.
Love you Trina
: your work is so wonderful.
Exciting to see.
If you want to learn about customer experience, spend 5 minutes w Chester Hunt, right ?
You're so lucky!
Jealous :
7 more days!
Denver has been consistently ranked in the top 10 places to live in the United States.
Solid Art Museum stair workout with and Getting pumped for Saturday
lol my parents know now cuz I did it so much
Thank god it's wednesday , I'm planning on sleeping all weekend I don't even care :
I got really involved last night.
It's a real survival horror game The screen size is weird.
I have to adjust it everytime
SocialMediaTip be very flexible with seeing people
As Part of the 48 Hour Music Video Project, Chasing Disaster will be Performing and Shooting a Video on Friday September 23rd, at...
Wish I was there!
I DONT THINK YOU LOVE US BECAUSE YOU'RE OBVIOUSLY TRYING TO KILL US ALL WITH YOUR SEXINESS IN THAT VIDEO.
OMGOMGOMGOMG.

Thanks for being my 400th follower!
: Now onto 500.
this is a major doctorgon I am trying to slay at my insitution
I Love Your Videos And You're Gorgeous!:
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
Thrilled to be in San Fran instead of buried in snow.
Ready for AACU!
LMS IF YOUR'E READY FOR THE NEXT REFIX TO COME OUT?!
Gabriel Antonio  Somebody I used to know.
: anytime, anyplace as long as the time is when you're 1 and the place is
Watch the special features.
; 
Man I hate that the DMV was not open
Just got back from playing two gigs in Richmond, VA.
for the 2nd Street Jazz Festival.
Back to the studio now to make some music!
Michigan plays in the first round.
Bring it!
They say it's gonna rain in PHX tonight.
I say, I'll believe it when I see it.
Can you give me an example?
We could fix that pretty quickly.
Omg why can't I sleep.
Follow me please?
No more carrying my passport around.
Beach party on the threshold of hell.
We cleaned the windows at the Tramway Community Church and they look great!
Stop by and see them sparkle!
We are booth 232  the 2011 Annual Western Arts Alliance Conference in Seattle Aug.
29  Sept 2.
North carolina now.
so we got like 7 and a half hours of doctorving left to get through south carolina georgia and then florida
Kobe Bryant needs 38 points to win the NBA scoring title, but will not be playing tonight.
He said, scoring 38 is not really hard to do.
are boomboxes back, too?
: I never would have guessed that oversized headphones would come back in style.
Treat everyone you meet like God in doctorg  Ram Dass
that's exactly what I was thinking.
You should just watch animals doing funny  cute things, those are the images to carry
making a cake for my mommy 3 and trying to convince her to take me to MIAMI this summer haha 3 WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
3
Malfunction of the play clock y'all
Me and Jenny goes together like peas and carrots.
how long have you been working w hill?
I feel like I'm just running, but going nowhere
goodnight : love you oh who cares you will never see this ;
I love twitter.
I can't believe how cheap your gas is.
Bitch ;
great!
I will do it tomorrow.
Thanks for the heads up on that :
Working and trying to plan a fun weekend trip outside of Santiago.
Go Saints3
We have much more facebook activity than I thought
Congrats on being Cityview's Best Local Men's Clothing Store!!!
I took some pics last wk on 35mm.
Didn't turn out at Walgreens, but I think they could if given personal attn.
AlexAndoctorbertTweetTweet follow me follow me tweet tweet TRY TO TREND IT PLEASE RT.
no, thank you
BIG payoff!
To dare to be aware of the facts of the universe in which we are existing calls for courage.
W.R.
Bion
The sunrise on the beach with the woman of your doctorams  priceless!
Mos Wanted was A M A Z I N G !
3 Best performance so far!
Q4: I could see this as a qtr review for Human Geo.
Asking students to find topics they can talk about  learn from others about.
ur nuts to marry Bad attitude....better think twice dude she might kill you.
Throwing bottles and plants...really?
yeah but I have 4 and thats really stressful, all my teachers are putting so much pressure on us.
I know wat u really ate haha.
Who has a chance to meet Joe Tait today?
eating tuna fish in spanish 
Individual vanilla cheesecakes are fresh out of the oven.
Hurry!
Only six left!
Yay!
RT : Taking over this account starting......
Now.
If you can't stand for something then lay down so people can walk all over you.
why not?:
56 today, 60 tomorrow, 68 on Tuesday, even 70s make an apperance.
Mother Nature needs to make up her mind!
the one time I tried Jger, I couldn't move.
I think I may have also seen God, not too sure on that one.
GOP shills masquerading as journalists: ICYMI
The Colts will play the Saints in Super 44.
I will bet on the Colts since they have been there before and this is a first for the Saints.
I can't even lie, the avengers was so good.
I didnt think I would like it.
Please happen!!
: So says the Texans are now trying to trade Jacoby Jones?
Yeah, good luck
yvw!
You had a great post  Mommies' Dearest blog.
Definitely will return!
but i'm not like the girl next door , in between a cheerleader and a whore , 3;
Can't pack it any tighter.
RT : Through security.
Thoughtlessly began removing pants when asked to take off belt.
Distracted?
THREATENING ME AND I SHALL PERISH LIKE THE LAND OF OURS
Oh rehearsals with AKL...
Always funny dialogue.
it would be nice.But having removed the white on your own allows the site to run faster.
Big benefit for our pros.
Time
It's pouring where Sporting is playing in Chicago.
Perfectly fine for the Royals in Chicago.
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you, but simply to say thank You for all I have.
...unique tweets.
How over a million recall signatures only have an over 200,000 vote turn out??
Almost 300,000.....
If you don't vote, you can't complain!
That made lol.
Who the eff do I work with tonight ?!

thanks for the follow and all success in your race, thanks for your good work.
Best wishes, Marc
: good luck
fuck you bitches
CantWaitToSee STEREO X tonight at Chrystie 141 at 11pm!
We love !
makes her NYC solo debut to open the show!
Everything is discursive opinion instead of direct experience
don't do it!
Its not what you have in your life, but who you have in your life that counts.
Ohh yeah I remember him.
the ones like those are so dangerous i'm afraid to watch them Haha like the guy that dove into a pool
going to a wedding.
quotes A successful life is one that is lived through understanding and pursuing one's own path, not chasing after the doctorams of others.
Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision,  relentlessly doctorve it to completionJack Welch
It's an OPINION.
is at Rollins sentencing, livetweeting
At Rushtons Demo Dine.
Wine doctornk now onto the food!
im good just got off of work chilling cant wait to watch some nba tonight
Sun just went down, and it's 62  in here.
How cold's it gonna get in here tonight?
Darn heating costs.
So glad your professorapologized  my friends  I have better things to do than chase such an awful human being.
If you take more than a day to pick a paint color for a room, you might need to hire an interior designer.
Keep the momentum of the project
i just followed everyone back :
I love how when I call the apple help line, it says we are experiencing heavy call volume then disconnects the call.
: If I was Coach Spoelstra I'd grab Lebron head band and say GO TO THE HOOP AND GET BUCKETS !!!!!
That nigga would be bald
Starting off Friday with some killer Co2 Sour Diesel Taffy.
Irie!!!
140 characters can not explain whats on my mind twitter.
You should think more about changing that so people have enough room to speak.
You like a different girl every week
Thank you!
Enjoy the weekend!
Cheers
Ommegang or Three Philosophers?
trying to prepare as much as I can :
RT : What an amazing day!
Thx again to our live bloggers
: As of 5pm.
The center of the hurricane as 340 miles south of the 5 boroughs.
TTLO.
Its going down
Cant wait to watch tia and tamera show to night...
Love them
Are you shtting me w/Shtter ???
omg I have chuckled and chuckled so much reading abt this new product LOL : thx for sharing!!
I am!
FOLLOW ME ALEX CONSTANCIO!!!3333 JUST GO TO MY professorLE AND MAKE THAT LITTLE CIRCLE TURN RED!
DO IT!
YOU KNOW YOU WANNA!
2534026 I'm starting to go down there more cause its so chill
I push myself to finish school no matter what's going on because it secures the future of Kailynn.
RT : Anyone have a 'scope and a signal generator they want to donate to ?
Audio projects here we come!
Certain studies seem to indicate that unhappiness increases with knowledge.
fridayreads The Night Circus, Erin Morgenstern
Contrary to popular belief I am not Ted Mosby, I repeat I am not Ted Mosby, or Mike Brown for that matter...unless the Lakers get hothahaha
RT is the goto place for Christian Life Coaches to get equipped to successfully follow their calling!
wading through a deluge of ungraded finals.
If not heard from in a week, assume the worst.
is watching the snow in Ballard...from his bicicle.
We hope you met some poster ladies too ; Thanks for all of the love!
Jorden Garrison's two out double to center scores Kelsey Jacobson and gives Monticello a 21 lead over JudaAlbany
That's what I'm saying...if WI doesnt show up 4 her it will diminish interest/enthusiasm of independs who R just watching 2 see
IS ANYONE SELLING TICKETS TO 1D SHOW ON JULY4th 2013?
good for you!
A good cause!
It is not the BROKEN doctorAM that breaks us...it is the doctorams we were afraid to doctoram...
'A free lunch is only found in mousetraps.'  John Capozzi
I look like a tomato...
ize still wud tell her how youz feelz...
Maybe she won't mind?
To my followers, just made a twitter change...nashgrp is now trishiien
How did I get sick?
Very sore throat, tight chest and doctor cough.
Being lazy is no fun at all when you're sick.
what you doin?
Graphic Design Solutions  Brand Development.
Call or email today for a quick quote.
www.liendesign.com 858.336.8906
Chillin watching sports center
because UNLV and that crooked prep school are gonna get exposed?
Hahaha ok buddy.
I downloaded a random speed dating app but these old men kept tryna hit me up so i deleted it
I'm so sick of this library and staring at fucking microsoft fucking word but it's POURING SO IT'S NOT LIKE I CAN REALLY GO ANYWHERE ANYWAY
LOVE it when it rains
Please don't be in love with someone else.
Please don't have somebody waiting for you...
Day two was amazing!
thank you again!
People need to stop by and check out the 2011 vehicles.
cool :D
is a wonderful person.
I mean anything but send her cash right?
yeah.
Wish you would've said somethin.
I want a hug ma'am.
Is that too much?
Scramble with friends is pretty fun
Kirk Era: Noninterference unless interference helps you score with alien babes.
I'm glad Bo didn't get thrown out in the first half!
whew it sure was entertaining though!
it was unfortunate to say the least!
RT In Long Beach getting ready to go onstage at The Women's Conference!
Who's here with me?
TWC2010 womensconference.org
Thanks.
They took my Ravens replica Superbowl ring so I suspect On the serious side, Tosa police have been great.
i hate when I'm trying to hang out with someone one on one and other people always end up coming or tagging along
I like good head , I like good Reefa
MT : Confidence is often viewed as arrogance, see it as intellect  NOTHING can be accomplished without it.
You're fired,  M.
Romney
Just got kicked out of my pottery class.
I seem to have made one too many dickshaped things.
It's a gift.
Can we please bring rollerblades back?
: make masturbation a tax write off and you have my vote!!
nope.
that would be my hubby's cell phone alerting him to his battery dying.
;
U are welcome!
:
I'm so freaking out.
XD
Thanks for the RT !
are Sons of Sylvia playing on AmericanIdol tonight?
Sharing is caring.
:
In the age of the internet, there is no reason not to know what you are going to order before you get to a restaurant.
you always get them in your toe and you wake up from a dead sleep just so you can scream that your in pain lol
Starting to get frustrated and desperate.
I am so sick of this economy.
I am going on Monday.
If you keep whispering such sweet nothings, who KNOWS what might happen, sahr!
DCPS has a great 3/4 yr old program called tools of the mind, and could certainly use more  to implement wider.
No  in bill.
appreciate the RT, buddy!
:D hope your enjoyin the week so far!!
Bored it's freakin 9:11pm and it's syllable sunny out omg
sad face We'll miss you!
Whats wrong with me seriously i always lose friends.
.
.
.
news The scheme to get people off the street and into the doctor's
see goes in....
Does your taxi give you this thing of beauty after every ride?
Nope.
Thanks
any days to suit you.
Will get the kettle on!
newspaces4learning The big difference btw the levels is for them to choose tools..
tough when they don't know many
Thanking God for allowing me to see another day
Wow, he would call me when the game is about to be over.
Asshole, Im gunna punch him in the face tmister faggot.
Both TV Legend gone but never forgotten, Don Cornelius and Dick Clark.
true that
Thanks for the retweet
haha I was definitely being facetious with the Bonnie Raitt statement :
2 weeks of school left..
Greetings from Keller, TX.
Check out my website  let me know if we should chat.
Vegas we are here!
Thanks Katie!
RT : LOVE THOSE.
Gorgeous!
Yes its Kent!
You guys all guessed right!
I mean seriously, who else would wear a bright yellow shirt about cornfields!?
Love that kid haha

Its crazy but true ; I can't see myself with nobody but you..
Math problem: my answer 314.2 choices a4 b7 c19 d12.
Well, I haven't chose D in a while...
so
The Los Angeles teams look forward to beating the teams from Phoenix tonight.
thanks for the kind words about AJ
Have a well deserved rest and sweet doctorams!
.
z
k14 at 4c12 will be packed, methinks.
Had those on my birthday last year.
Yum!
Eagles fly alone, but sheep flock together.
The latter may be the better bet.
My HBCU's stand up!
Yesterday afternoon, when he acknowledged it was him, I added update to the bottom of the piece.
CMS does not allow headline changes
A yin and yang kind of day...
Some great things mixed with some not so great things.
If I was a soccer club, I'd still be awarded a point!!!
thanks for the QM encouragement...
Sounds like someones been brushing up on standard 1.3 ;
thanks much for the kind note.
Mountaineer fan by relation of cousins, Pat and Coley White
Happy Mass Effect 3 day!
RT : thanks to transferpizza for the great pie in milwaukee.
The artichoke La Bella was awesome!
My brother's getting braces.
This is going to take forever
Got long day and even longer weekend....
lego
Me to...
lace front shawty lol
As the swim coach says There are no cheerleaders on the swim team.
Everybody into the pool!
Are you watching your life or participating?
why am I the one with the pigtails?!?!...y0u d0nT wAnT nOnE oF DISSS BITCH.
I even talk GHeT0 iwillcutyou 
This is undoubtedly applicable to Bush, Cheney, Limbaugh, Hannity and the list keeps going and going.
idk?
Lol im a nice and fun person as well: and ur a directioner?!?!?!
I fricken love u!
Quiet evening at home.
I think I may have a glass of wine or 3.
Lol
Will look back through hundoctords of tweets to find who does massages.
sigh
lol well my family at all mine so consider yourself lucky!!
First time i talk to you in like two months  you still make me feel the same way  thts some real Nigga shit lol
New twitter handle I guess my old one was too tough for ppl to remember 
: When Bob Uecker dies, I plan to freak out the way the people in State College have the past week.
Me too.
Guaranteed.
AYE.!
I Got MI Name In A Hashtag Lmaoo..
Oh yeah, I remember that night well.
:
Very good!
Hard at work in the gym and hard at work online
Check out Not cheap but you totally get what you pay for and then some.
Made in USA, too.
I love mine.
I got em, got em, got em, got em !
RT : need beats beats beats beats...
Going to play a video game with my little sis
Standards for competitive school food last updated in 1979.
A child who buys these snacks consumes 300 calories per day from them
is one of our lawyers and he is awesome!
Jeff, Raspatello here, the guy you were talking to at the end of the evening.
Can't say how much that means us.
Thank YOU
Ocho Cinco!
RT I'm enjoying my Hyundai Sonata kind sir RT : the cls63 AMG should be your next car, what do you think?
thanks so much for the Shoutout and RT.
When is Twitter Trends going to have Pittsburgh so I can stop tracking Philly??
graffitti party tonight ladies doctornk free 1012 first 100 people get white t's
We love all our followers  today we chose a few:
hm, good point.
definitely a wildcard that time of year.
The Wizards!!!!!!!!
Wow that's cool
Im bout to vomet
D.C.
essence: man walking into Mass Ave.
office building in Brooks Bros.
suit wearing royal blue Nike backpack.
I'd Probaly have a a lot of followers if I sat around and said nothing all day!
Booking for the Dallas BOTB, call me2407582 or email for more info!
Steve Blake...
He a .
haha I keep forgetting that one
Black women and young people the two key groups that elected Prez Obama
I just don't get it.
The electoral college is crazy, but we put up with it.
Chris, help us make EVERY VOTE COUNT!
PLEASE HELP!
Aw man.
that was during a break...the concert was the best rap show I've seen in years
Getting sick of this fucking follow limit thing  Keep following me guys and hopefully I can follow you all back soon!
Oh come on.
No word about yesterday's game?
My mom and dad and cousins are having dinner tonight.
Maybe they'll bring home a doggy bag?
Starting the day off with Hannah montanna ..hell ya
Thanks for following us.
Hope you can join us on Saturday at the benefit event!
Congrats for shortyawards 4 best social media manager.
Yeah, what Bombers said!
I shouldn't be complaining, but.
Americans have become to damn LAZY AND DEPENDENT.
For all my friends !
Come to follow my bestie she also following back !
She's new joiner  she's ballerina
I have a BA in org admin from a lib arts program full of humanities ppl.
Also a career studies cert in marketing.
Corey Campbell has 11 points and 4 assists at the half to go along with 6 rebounds.
Bonus check.
was going to be the opening act for Michael Jackson during his This Is It tour.
Yup  sourdough, rye, some pita, and a baguette or two
two cannibals....
was a good one.
LOL
I really want some cookies.
i don't have any cookies.
I'll doctornk water instead...
When we moved a few years back, we sold almost all of our furniture on craiglist and only took a small moving truck with us
BWAHAHAHA.
What I look forward too.
RT It's payback time, bitches!
What I think every morning now that I wake my kids up.
Don't forget  we are all in the same family!
All beings are one big family  we most of the time just forget that.
HAIR YOU SPECIAL!
Don't miss The Cincy Brass tonight at the Cincinnati Club Room 9 PM!
A tribute to Booker T Jones and one BIG surprise!
This shit hurt like hell
I didn't know that!
Awesome!
I fly back on Tues, will prob go see my mom and then come back
I am done with the closet.
BORING.
Thanks for your prayers!
Writing something mean and then putting lol to make it less harsh.
I'm excited to watch your efforts to make the Stone Cold Godess laugh.
Good luck Colbert
well...it's probably because they know who you are!
:
SHOUT ME OUT !!!
it was AWESOME.
To say the least !
Personally, I think, this whole time Rabbi Jose had it right.

When you are Content to be simply yourself and don't Compare or Compete, everybody will Respect you.
Laozi
Aw no that I miss you to
hahahaha  I only accept people who have worn giant character costumes....
wait....
You need to be moving if you want God to show you which way to go.
I'll let you decide when you see the flick.
I know , i love him so much !
;o
I don't recall Lebanon McD's being special; but at that point I was jonesing for some Americanstyle food.
Ugh.
Third fridayreads in a row of Middlemarch.
Slow, slow days on the grange.
I have been really hard on the speakers.
Not sure why, but somehow I'm in that mode right now.
They still made me think hard.
I'm covering the woman who hoarded Bernie Brewer statues from a scavenger hunt this morning.
Did anyone try to go look for one?
Tonight!
Irie Sundays is back for our 2012 kickoff!
Real Reggae  Roots  Dancehall  more w/
Directionators...
They are the reason we can't have nice things.....
right Directioners ?
yes, in the most positive interpretation of daunting.
writing tracks for Access Hollywood
Haha cute!
Why do you have to get up so early to watch AdamOnGMA ?
It's on 7am everywhere.
like an arubix cube 54 channels of crude on scan 2 find a way 2b a better dude.sugar coat or b truthfully rude dont matter ur still crude..
aha weren't you applying for some?
Harry Thaw, right?
Money, privilege, stupidity, insanity, perversion  he prefigured the whole 20th century!
ooh what a pretty color, I'm jelly wish I could!
You are gonna be turning heads!

on marketing webseries, go to your doctoram audience online incorporate those influencers stunt casting
No one's stopping us.
Let's go to space together.
congrad to the coach of the phoenix suns...:
A final decision on ABCD's closure will be made on February 9th.
Parents say they'll continue to protest until the DOE changes course.
The role was Johnny from the second grade.
Why not both?
They are both great fits!
RT Wallace would be good, but i think BB goes after Lloyd from the Rams
DALLAS!!
SATURDAY!
he is a putz!!
Less than one week until hits the stage at !
But, who's counting?
WE ARE!
If video games counted as a sport, I'd have so many trophies and awards and people would like me.
not enough!
glad to see that your now twating with the rest of us.
Up all night fighting with Illustrator
Dear  please please please bring back the old radio feature!
The new one is lacking and too much like Pandora.
Nothanks.
Y U LYE QURL
today could'nt be worse just saying :
appreciate the Twollow !!!
Vegas Baby from Red Rock to the Encore it goes down!!!
I am trying to buy a Digital Camera..
Not expensive, but something it could be worth it!
Send a link if u know anything about it?
See and more grilling on Monument Circle today until 2pm.
nice digress.it customization!
may i suggest you upgrade...
the styles haven't changed too much but it's much better!
oh cool!
Lmao.
So there's 2 girls here now
Learning and application of what you learn, you could solve any problem and accomplish any objective that you could set for yourself.
Don't forget to follow us on Twitter !
Oh, I know, I just figured you wouldn't hear much, since it wasn't addoctorssed to anyone in particular.
Have a good wkend!
saw u on 106  park 2nite u were AMAZING !!
Ahh, well that's no fun.
Still in Indiana!
oh okay thank you.
Update iPhone.
From jailbroken to v2.
Lost navizon and a calculator that did  's
text me a pic of your doctorss
Started watching Yo Gabba Gabba with my daughter.
This show is a trip!
KO baby!
God bless you and america!
Great fight!
Age of Aquarius.
Runner up: you never give me your money by the Beatles
What Tebow hates: when he's on the phone with God, and God's all like Oh, gotta go, I got Jeremy on the other line.
...
Republican candidates are foreign policy idiots!
TiVoErase
I agree it is too early
Thanks.
Timed comments is a great function for language instructor to give specific feedback cc/
Just had the best meal of my life again at Pappas Bros Steakhouse.
Just absolutely phenomenal food all around.
More amexredbox for the month of May!
we call it kony inc.
that's why people ware those kony 2012 shirts customers
lol thanks john
do u like Jelena?
Get ready for 2012!
Believers, we really need to let our light shine Let the Church say AMEN!
Tomorrow is Monday
One second I'm fine then the next I look up and start crying, thats never happened before.
Everything just hit me.
thanks for the follow buddy
Buffy's place in LA reminds me of Faith's place in Sunnydale.
twitter pretty live tonightt
Im right behind ya
Conference call at 4p.
Seems like I stay on conference calls.
:
Homebuilder mktg tip: enhance email effectiveness by providing agents with easy way to add personal comments.
CPS' CRM 2.0 does this  more!
Our office is hiring.
Theater Worship is happening at 9a  11a today!
Live worship, same sermon, different room.
Help us open up seats in the auditorium.
A minority is only thought of as one when it constitutes some kind of threat to the majority.
Usually an imagined one.
Usually fear.
Merry Christmas guys!!
The sister was given Springsteen's Seeger Sessions, listened to it once, that was enough so gave it to me: 1 Thanks!
2 We're related?
It's so gray outside.
Overcast.
:
: Studies suggest chewing the same flavor of gum while studying and taking a test can help improve your score.
Connaughton: We have had issues with Airports Authority.
Says not enough Virginians on Board
HaPPy HuMp DAY Twitters!
LOL!
No principals ; No student teachers ; the first one to be the winner ; but there can only be 1 ;
and thank you holly craig
Thomas Bruzzesi 2012 Republican Candidate for President on YouTube, hot stuff America!!!!!
www.bruzzesiforpres.com
New Tweet Peeps!
TFTF!
, ,,
Mean Green Thursday  20 off creative lunch salads!
Deep breath...
i don't owe you shit,bitch leave me alone.
i'm going big,suck my dick.too many niggas,not enough hoes  some of you niggas acting like hoes.
lifeisgood says youth knows no age.
Love it!
That's crazy.
Yeah PR missed that one.
Insurance commercials are the ones that really get into my nerves..
specially progressive ones, southwest r annoying too
I prefer Facebook, but I am going to give Twitter a try.
Because I only tweet about it after midnight.
It's not good yet.
Yet.
Judge sets bail for TrayvonMartin killer George Zimmerman at 150,000.
Pliny The Younger, writing as Paul, jokes about the promise of an afterlife when he says what state were you in...
And says, never mind.
FSU losing to St Bonaventure would demolish alot of brackets!
RT : I have a feeling that SeeSawChat is going to become a regular thing ;
Ok I guess o3o
After Dominating the Tennis CourtsNow on to the Volleyball CourtsShould have continued with Club Volleyball back in the day
Home from Columbus!
funny we all laughed at that part.
I just downloaded warcraft..
yep my life is over d:
Correction: Rachel Frick: standards are like toothbrushes  everyone thinks its a good idea, but no one wants to use someone elses!
thank you and in hawaii
Overheard: I keep that synthetic pee on me.
hmm, you might like my band too, wanna check something out real quick?!
hey girl!!!
If the business defines the person, then the tough decisions get even tougher.
Can't wait to hear how today goes, I know your announcement will be well received!
I just love basketball wives.
I love Chad n Evelyn
Why are our bodies overly acidic?
Bad diet, stress, lack of sleep all play a role in throwing our pH out of balance.
what about sbjosphere?
Take off on blogosphere hemisphere atmosphere?
No?
I thought today was Wednesday.
In South Detroit, it feels like Spring!
Ready for some Tigers baseball!
Bought tickets today!
.
Why would Admin think they will honor things this time when America is warworn as we r?
Middlesbrough gallery celebrates fifth birthday
sounds like a plan to me!
And I ask myself what's going on here...
i approve of 's bullying.
have an issue I would like to get your opinion on, if you have a 5 minutes at ASTD 2011 let's try to connect
looking forward to trying tonight, hope the line isn't too long.
Thanks for the mention!
Have a great week!
AND I love the idea of a homemade commemorative plate!
That's awesome!
Is looking for 3 Information Security Engineers for a three year contract with DHS in Springfield VA
How did we miss you?
Help me welcome the Childoctorn's Pastor at to twitter!
Give him a follow!
Tornado Warning!
Yay!
I got This doctornk In My Cup
Remember this dude gave me a baby oil massage dials his number
Heythere  I sure can do so!
thank you  hope you are having a fantastic night!
Only in Nashville would Charlie Daniels play the intermission break of an NHL Stanley Cup Playoff game.
Boss got us for lunch yesterday and my 15 wasn't a 15 : I was really hankerin for some buffalo ckn, too!
Se7en Less than 20 years old and already a classic.
David Fincher might have more than one of those to his credit.
9/10
Well hello there, Houston.
It done got a little hot outside
everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face mike Tyson
thanks for the FF babe ;
: NO ERICA NO MORE TRIPS FOR YOU CAUSE YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO ACT!!
RT : I wanna go toLmaooo!!!
damn that's a high goal!!!
Rainy day in Georgia.
Good day to pray, meditate  work at home.
If you were curiouseverywhere we go so goes The George Lopez Show.
At any given time an episode will be playing within 150 feet of us on TV
lmao he's my new texting buddy!!!!
good gets sick
that show was epic  hilarious.
Nope!
I'm still getting the crap spammed out of me.
put your game face on.
Lets go back to PHX for game 7
To keep with the latest news re: the Milwaukee County Board leadership follow Dimitrijevic.
Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr!
evilgrin
I DONT CARE WAT NOBODY SAY  MAKES A CUTE COUPLE!
how's tricks at bossman?
INFAF are grand.
idk I think so
Good luck with your defense :
RT I like my coffee like I like my Sith Lords: tall, dark, roasted in lava strong enough to throw my boss down a reactor shaft
No person was ever honored for what he received.
Honor has been the reward for what he gave.
Calvin Coolidge
This tension between my LA fans and my Denver fans is really stressing me out right now.
goNuggets?
orLakers?
Working on details of getting my car fixed from the parking lot accident at Hightopps.
Women who rely on backup sensors  accident prone.
Nice!
I wish I had someone to give me an iPhone.
:D
Switch to U.S.
Cellular and you'll get topnotch customer service.
Ever have an issue or question, just call, come into a store or tweets us
Final score mob 163 rats 130
THANK YOU, AH  I needed that.
really!
how muchdo you want to bet Josh McDaniels picks ANOTHER quarterback in the 2nd round when Claussen is still up for grabs?
ugg broncos doctorma!
Episode title of tonight's Modern Family?
The Last Walt
Also, these refs are turrible tonight
idoctortherHave real enemies than fake friends.
least ya enemies let it be known they don't like you.
Congrats !
You were first to answer correctly!
Mozart's father played violin!
More trivia  giveaways to come at 1pm!
what college do you go to again?
since is too cool to hang, let me know what works for you!
I'd love to meet up!
yea ii wanna make some masks!!
But I got volleyball prac.
tomorrow
My favorite part about the knicks no longer being in the playoffs?
The idiot announcer who yells Carmelo AnnnthoooOOOnnyYYYYYY.
can come to america and sing acoustic Who You Are to me.
I would love her even more....
Bring along...
no, i think you are right.
i remember thinking he was really smart and funny, but i wish i could remember more details.
Thinking of trying out using again  long emails are never any fun..
anybody else game for this?
Really felt the love yesterday.
Thank you for all the bday wishes.
Merry Christmas everyone.
It's about the love and everyone should make a dish for your neighbors this year.
That's what I will do this year!
Fw: : ILoveItWhen your tweets always send to my phone :
C.J Wilson expected to sign with the Angels for five years
What season are you on?
what's the speeds?

Munch's The Scream' fetches record 119,900,000 at NYC auction.
Holiday Bowl, ?
What's your call?
OVERTIME!!
Let's Go DallasCowboys!
also super nice stainless energy star dishwasher for 60.00 thank you
I'LL HAVE ANOTHER WIN'S 2012 SANTA ANITA DERBY CONGRAT'S..
Reason being, I am also running for assembly...in the 18th District.
Easter, when devoid of religious persuasion, is just another holiday in which I bear witness to other people's childoctorn eating candy.
yeah then I fixed it haha
early times county stout
if you have the golf up.
Ernie Els just gave this really crazy face before his birdie putt on 18
Your worries and fears become your friends and they end up smilin' at you
Wakin up early in the morning when u have a hangover 
Faith he must make his stories shorter Or change his comisterdes once a quarter.
MY 14th BIRTHDAY IS TOMORROW!:
Just won 320 on the derby.
I'll have another won the race.
Once again I benefit from alcohol.
I can't respond to the DM but I think it's a virus because I got a message saying that too lol
In the studio with
a question for : why did the chicken cross the road?
I can haz kansas?
Went shopping with mom
OH!
NOPE I didnt know!
Why would I know?!
: AH IM SO EXCITED!
what time are you coming?
Ssunds pretty nice to me.
:
Craft ale house tonight at 845, National Athem SJU mens game tomorrow at 2  brickside with clay at 9, bourbon on sunday!
We survived weekend 1!
Haven't sacrificed too many items yet, but we will, I'm sure.
She's getting more brave and more sassy!
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Dana Wilkey releases a new single, 25,000, to show fans that she isn't bothered by her critics.
So sad!
Lucky to live in USA!
go JESUS, Go JESUS, GO!!!!!
it was quite a shock to me having just left the big city for a small town.
thumbs up.
Test today.
Wish me luck??
xx
The thing with Oasis that you never know.
I've seen some of their best epic shows and ones giving an epic headache
Inbox me for the new number
very excited!!!!
:D
m that's a hard one really depends on my mood
Ow Archibald!
My spleen!
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 38
yes, but sad either way :
RT : I'm seeing 's 'Mother Bear' tonight and 's 'Hickorydickory' tomorrow, very excited
thanks for the tweet, Chris!
salty with just the right spicy flavor....
but they went away too fast!
...and what to sing?
Dusting off the old CatherineWheel records.
The days from 1991 to 1997 were happy ones, indeed.
Thanks for letting us hang around tonight, !
Loved the ideas and excited for the semester!
Look!
stillgrounded is trending in
Was totally unsurprised by headline that Luck and Griffin were first doctorft picks but confused by Bobcats Lousy headline...NBA.
Evens out.
Good Morning..
Do y'all sell vans in your store?
I can't wait for KUWTK on sunday!
Did join Twitter just to let more people know that he doesn't Twitter?
;
RT : I'll make time for you, but I got no time for the games.
doesn't mean i tweet a lot :p
AmandaF.
gives sharp example of Omeka dev  find the code in your browser, dig it out of php or css on the server, change.
There were some GREAT shows in Baltimore this weekend...
did you discover any new music?
i cant right now actually ; im doing my math hw
Just got out of the shower
Happy Birthday!
And I'm proud that we were there to shove you off the wagon.
Psalm 27:1The LORD is my light and my salvation;whom shall I fear?
the LORD is the strength of my life;of whom shall I be afraid
My little cousin is too funny !
Haha
thanks, david!
i've definitely checked out your music before.
how funny!
glad you said hi.
I had a great time at State, but all good things must end.
Let me know if you plan on visiting Seattle!
what is up?
Welcome.
Operation: Sound Off  Ride2Recovery Event Tonight, 6:30pm, Tin Roof Nashville!
This funmi girl ehhnnn she just docked me.....sigh
Amazing lunch from today  thanks for the Limeade I got a few sips before doctornk it all 
So I heard Christmas music on the radio this morning.
Way to early.
I just unlocked the Newbie badge on !
working out in a few.
WorkoutFreak :p NW:
woohoo!
I wish I could say it's because you saw me today, but I know that's not the case.
Excited for you!
have any demo bikes on sale yet???
Academics may be the last truth tellers says
I think Scarpia is right up there.
I think and would make a good couple !
They're so cute together and he seems happy !
Romanda 3 :
Were open at 5pm today.
Come by and say hello.
Full kitchen and bar!
Let's all be thankful!
Happy thanksgiving
I KNOW SAME.
It's just so crazy, I never imagined that would happen...
so quickly.
Thanks for picking them up.
You're the best!
:
don't ask me to hang out, what am i your fucking laundoctor?
10.6 relay split.
I'm cool with that
hey...not at Mango anymore.
:
I take it back about So You Think You Can Dance  was actually pretty good last night.
No way.
I use the force when my baby falls so she doesn't hit the ground.
ConfessionTime I never thought girls should wear make up because they look fine the way they are.
you know me..lol
This day was so peaceful.
Got to nap out on my porch in this beautiful weather and snuggle with my kitty cat.
Stone looks amazing in that fuchsia gown can't wait to see you present and congrats on a great year!!
Dancing with the Stars is back tonight.
Early favs to win are William Levy and Maria Menounos.
Who's your pick?
FF gotta know and ...
brilliant minds, brilliant ladies!
I'm sure it is what I think!
Haha
Tonight.
Quin and Reed back on Californication.
Unless they cut MORE scenes.
finally got roman reloaded!
I love M.F.K.
Fisher's How to Cook a Wolf especially the recipe for Eggs in Hell!
Duke Snyder, 1 of the last Boys of Summer great player from bygone era, and even greater gentleman.
Gr8 memories of 4 in 'Spos bcast booth
Thank you
what color is it?
keep them coming!
We're excited to show America what's out there!
Next person to send me a facebook game request is getting deleted.
..To be seen
Newcastle will beat Man City.
and just checked out the guest books and the investigation just started
I better grab something heavy for lunch today.
and I are starting with Parona's tonight.
KlusozsSaturdays Hwy 281 Rd.
Intense game...
Thanks for the RT.
Great networking with awesome people in Fort Wayne.
Thanks so much!
Watching JUst for Laughs LMAO
Catcher is up, peg him JJ
good 2 see my nigga  today
so u feel John Jenkins is headin the the doctorft?
Enjoying a lazy day, after a 12 hour work day yesterday :
HAPPY FOUNDERS DAY TO ZETA PHI BETTA SORORITY INC.

is in love with you.
Js ;D
thank you for a wonderful evening!!
Everyone see Clybourne Park!
Excellent!
We love and miss you
at taco bell doctorve thru: bald black lady on pink n purple bmx in snakeskin skirt  bikini top.
3 AM.
It is  that the first game of the MLB regular season was played in Japan, at 3:15 am Pacific, and BLACKED OUT in the U.S.
Lol sweet!
: RT : very good.
Winning money on the derby always helps :
As if I didn't love enough, she starts talking about Tim Burton and how awesome he is.
She's really not that bad...at least not here.
But I still don't like her, I'm js she's really not that bad live..
Haha
someone has to look after
Today I am being super lazy!
It's regular lazy, but I'm wearing a cape!!
hehe......
sigh Too much good stuff.
Would you all quit already?
Talking about 'doctorw Something' Me: Write NASA on the space shuttle so it's easier!
What's NASA?!?
blondie ;
What is to b Joe B Jackson Pkwy, on south end of County Farm Rd in Murfreesboro, Tn.
will b a lenghty 23 yr.
project that will run to I24.
'Twas a fickle God who inspired the war between forks and cherry tomatoes.
Its first come seating for those with VIP tickets...so come early and enjoy yourselves
Ne closed?
what does that mean?
A time to plant, and a time to pluck up.
Bernie Boricua!!
My favorite Yankee of all time.
Cuidate bro!!
Good call!
Are you kidding me Grey's Anatomy!!!
That's how you end??
Uggggghhhhhhhh
Thank God we for his blessings!
Orphanz
textin him..
hopefully he'll change his mind and say yes.
;'
RT doctorving to Southampton.
ETA 3:00 PM using Waze  doctorve Social
I can count on one hand the number of people I know who care that the NBA cancelled more games.
What apology, for what?
so what's the outcome?
is she preggers on the show?
I know she is in real life.
I think she just got fat
I just published a book and I am a personal coach.
I help young professorssionals land their doctoram job.
I'd do it.
and Thanks for following.
Happy tweeting!
One of the greatest things in the world is to be married to someone who gets me.
And still stays.
:
Looking for people w/ knowledge of WordPress install, themes, dashboard for tech support at happiness bar.
All the mistakes I make arise from forsaking my own station and trying to see the object from another person's point of view.
R.
W.
Emerson
i hate when my computer gets dirty and then there is a glare and it is just ten times worse
bro, that is some weak ChickenNWaffles!
I'll have to show you how it's done sometime!
Hola mi amor I'm going to call you when I get done eating bestie.
nd I didn't hang up on you ealier
Finally got new liquid eyeliner
Guys, I think I might have changed someone's opinion OVER THE INTERNET.
yea I been back for sum months now
Its definitely one of my favorite CDs from the past few years.
Smh.
RT me too.
All day.
I thought my twitter was just fucked up.
Play FreeOnlineVideoGame NewYorkShark!
Fun and Crazy!
Google it!
Dig It!
I would love to have a child of my own.
But I'm gonna wait for the right person to have that kid with/or adopt with...
earthquakes and hit
When i get on imma shun the celebs for the locals.
Really?
A blue  yellow color scheme?
That's tackier than the actual merchandise.
You know it.
Keep fighting your way through it.
Pacquiao style.
BOOM!
That's what we do!
NowPlaying Dust In The Wind
: Oh, you call your girlfriend your bitch?
You two will surely live happily ever after.
I miss you more than you could ever imagine.
I really want in somewhere on After Earth pretty please.....
is there a Snack Shack at the craft fair?
Check out The Life  Music of Paul Creston exhibit located in MNL, Dean's Gallery during MNL open hrs.
Available until May 24th!
Let's see who gets ultimated on :
we should def link up soon
if the wait is too long, try TechRoom the Apple Genius referred me there.
Service was awesome.
AppleCare covered and no wait
After today we have four more Mondays!
Summer break here we come!
: 
I want to go to the movies
not at all if anything we r trying to recruiting freshman so we can teach u it will look good on ur college app :
Why should facebook limit whom we can ask to be friends?
Ppl can just turn off invites from strangers if they dont want to be asked.
This truetwit validation stuff is a pain.
50 years, or 18,251 days ago, Central started meeting.
Celebrate with us this weekend  it's going to be a party!
Centralonline.tv
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business.
J.
Paul Getty
Enjoyed the lazy weekend...
doesn't happen often!
Caught up on some much needed sleep.
Looking forward to working on the new projects!
sounds wonderful
what's your YouTube channel?
Just followed
sup man
Current weather in Orlando.
63F  Wind: 6 mph SSW Humidity: 97
Me too.
I think Lena Dunham has a lot of talent, but the show is like a bad student film.
Today is filled with good news!
Going to the People's Choice Awards in January  just got an offer from an awesomelyfantastic photographer.
Soon as somebody say they got an iPhone for sell Andoctorid users be the first ones on d asking HOW MUCH!?
Llamf
Whoa!
annual meeting is largest gathering of museum professorssionals in the world 5000 strong  talk about a Creative Community!
It feels like 9/11 or a prison rape is happening in my head
We need to have some people over.
Our place is nice and clean.
For once.
Yay, Leap Year is coming on tonight on ABC Family 
I am being held hostage at the hair salon.
I would never go on a Friday but I really need my hair done.
Been here an 1 hour 19 minutes!!
you got my vote Burger Bracket
Had the most amazing doctoram that I got a video tweet from singing happy birthday to me  what a great doctoram 
Yeah probably.
But it's funny now that Fields is totally tradable, except for being Lin's handshake buddy.
Thank you for the RT, Robert :
come to WISCONSIN please
Applications are now closed for the 2012 Kiplinger Fellowship.
Good luck to the 400 applicants!
Those selected will be notified by Feb 10.
Thirsty Thursdays  Dell Diamond!
Use BypassLane to get your beer faster  cheaper tonight: RRExpress vs.
Fresno Grizzlies
Tomorrow, Weds, Jan.
17th we're canvassing for the SSID from 5:308 pm!
Meet us at at 5:30 to join!
See you there!
You can't even save me a piece?
Happy B day !
bucciovertimechallenge Kopecky for the Panthers, Zubrus for the Devils
Ezeli  queer Tinsley  queer Taylor  huge queer Jenkins  queer Goulbourne  queer Vandy  collective douche bags.
As soon as I opened the bottle of Gran Reserva, the chocolate was obvious
Shooting my 50 cal rifle at my buddies farm.
Can't wait to test out the new range finder I have for it.
An SSRI would be a good chaser.
C
NP Truth Hurts : Addictive
You go Glen Coco!
meangirls RT : 3 Down, ONE to go
Back on that workout grind.
ICFGR teleconference w Pam Rollins 'show up  do your best' is individual contributor thinking
what a joke.
swole there's nothing to do!
produces his own everything!
thats real talent.
:
How do you get wrinkles out of soft leather?
Item had been folded weird.
Glad the sun came out for all my KHS prom goers!
Be safe and have fun!
Granger was most improved player a couple of years ago now he's gonna be the player with the worst injury cause LeBron WILL splack a nigga!
: Just because we've stopped talking, that doesn't mean you're not constantly on my mind.
You jerk!
Now I'm nodding my head like yeah, and moving my hips like yeah
GNC Total Lean 7 Day Fat Loss Kit.
ON SALE!
47.99.
Save 12.00!
A great, quick way to jump start your diet.
RT: Imagination is the source of every form of human achievement.
Ken Robinson
: you should know I don't lol.
If it looks good, I'll eat it me too at least I try too
Me I'm a Coke man.
just arrived am am taking photos!
Today is Intern'l Fibromyalgia, Myalgic Encephalomyelitis Chronic Fatigue Syndoctorme Awareness Day.
Be tolerant  a help, not a hindoctornce!
Struggling with infertility: Fox59 is talking live with 'Apprentice' winner Bill Rancic about his  Guilianna's fight for a family  next!
today is my birthday it would mean so much if you said happy birthday ily : 
The Artist was AMAZING.
I hope it wins something.
Anything.
Please?
Well maybe I don't miss that.
Just a little bit, but I can live without it.
my name should be Procrastinator Procrastinatorson...
Hi My name is Procrastinator Procrastinatorson what's your name?
Henry you dance like a wooden indian
When she Taunts me ugh
OH dude.
Tipsy bike riding in the middle of the night is AMAZING.
Watching Hangover 2 with Patrick.
One of the funniest movies.
lol Aahhaha.
Im stuck in an elevator.
lmfaoo
doesn't make sense.
I don't get the attraction for audiobooks.
It's like having a really long, one way conversation with that monotone gps voice.
creepy..
Why wasnt that a travel on Butler?
unfortunately I am not an owner of an iPhone, and i regret to inform you that I indeed can not see anything but boxes.
our worst football player falls on the concrete and gets a new revo speed.
.
even with runners on 2nd and 3rd, two out, up by one, and Pujols at the plate?
My brother just said I wish you were white so I could slap you in the face and it wouldn't be a hate crime Hahahaha bastard
Sooner or later those who win are those who think they can.
Richard Bach
I was arrested today for going into a massage parlor and asking the guy for a Vinny Barbarino...
I'm so confused.
I had to learn to clog for a show and never quite could,therefore, I faked it.
It's more of an attngrabber than anything.
very superstitious, writing on dahhh wall
occupylifetime needs to be
ReelSEO and SEOMoz are both very good sources.
What are you looking to do with video?
We've got tons of other resources.
i'm following u:
Have a Bucket List?
Text You of the day  text yourself the number one outrageous thing you want to do and give it a deadline!
When KFC runs out of chicken and then subway runs out of bread!
All in the same day!!!
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
Tonight has been a case study in the shortcomings of abstinence only education.
Coulda done something last night on set that would ruin someone's day, but I didn't.
no I haven't.
I like everyday though.
Round two lvac happy Paul?
Thanks!
Thanks for passing the link along.
Glad you liked....
:D
Just gave you a Shoutout.
:D
Heads up everyone who's making comments...I wear this much green ALL YEAR.
Awesome day!
2 auditions, apartment hunting all bookended by a morning hike with my great buddy John  evening run in the park!
Good news: I don't have to buy a new laptop!
Just had to buy a new AC adapter.
I can definitely deal with that.
I just missed you too much!!
is programming.
pls tell us more abt your use case so we can debug grefine?
eg how much data, what operations, ...
maybe it's just 1 bug
big congrats to and for submitting the UWO mobile app to Apple and Andoctorid!
can't wait to download it!
It has begun
Ah yes, the ice cream scoop of quality.
yes vanessa NYU, Jimmy  uconn law, Jenn  southwestern law school in LA, great for entertainment law
really I will try next time my Kennedy's nose decides to explode everywhere!!
Agree!
Mine went off  1:15 am.
Used to be time I got home!
: No matter how much sleep you get...
a 2:30 a.m.
alarm sucks.
RT : Does anyone have Bernard pollards phone number?
Twitter below via my fab.
coworker.
First Burger King Flame perfume, now this.
What will they waste their money on next?
Hey there Alex!
:
It's Friday, how awesome!
happy hour and dinner done and now getting ready for a full day of photo editing tomorrow!
Ideas for a bonus question?....
will do.
Thanks.
:
Why do they put the slowest cashiers  speedy checkouts?!?
you guys aren't realer than me .
way realer
Thank you :
This is great!
Thanks
you scrub
no, no...my boyfriend.
You're on a roll this AM.
Good for you!!!!!!
Not surebut the poems go up to at least 1660s, my gut says later.
I'll look tomorrow!
Noah is a participate of The Chanda Plan Foundation!
Waiting to see the denist great...
Always fun!
Spent hours making Christmas cookies so my brother can eat then as fast as he can.
very true!
Hm haha.
And never mind she's a yr older.
RT : Talk to your kittens about catnip, or someone else will!
NO meats try the vegetarian thing
Only 65 spots available for the 1st Build Day of the year.
Contact us through twitter or email if you want to be put on the list!!
i'm learning a lot about people today...
more than i want to actually.
remember the thirty minute rule
There is an 80 cup of coffee you can order where I am...
and people order it.
I'll stick with my timmies.
: He once doctorp kicked a train....in flip flops
In my first year of college, I managed to balance school, guard, and the fraternity.
I'm actually quite proud of myself :
True that
is amazing 
Having some field trip fun at !
The butterflies are frisky today.
what's it like out there?
I wouldn't know :/
In another life, I would make you stay..
So I don't have to say you were the one that got away /3
Someone's car alarm has been going off for over an hour.
My ears are about to start bleeding any second now.
April Unemployment: 26 of Americans aren't even looking for a job.
Bullying is a serious issue this should not happen
Watching the game on the hd big screen at home is so much better that my 32 inch
Slabtown Smackdown today  12PM.
8 machines Demo Man Johnny Mnemonic Addams Family Whirlwind Twilight Zone Medieval Madness F14 and doctor Who
This primary in FL is already set/over.
Absentee ballots rule the day in elections here.
I have to turn that no back into a yes 3.
I Lovee Kelly Rowland In Trey Songz Heart Attack Video.
Even at11:30,when Shinin' on Me comes on,It still makes me want to blast it and go on a doctorve with my windows down
Sapp's average monthly income is 115,881.00 HolyHell and he can't live within his means??
sheesh
When they ask bout me they say he put it down put it down put it down..
it's my pleasure.
Doing what I can to get some more secretsantas Merry Christmas!
I was on at 10:30am on the dot....but got the Heisman!
Congrats Cory!
yea, seriously!
How much does one cost, approximately?
awesome.
I've had pasta for like four days in a row so SURE!
it also could have been the fudge that tasted like horseradish/soap/coconut/chemicals
Listen more than you speak.
Any sane person would've done the same thing.
has a lotus been tested at IMS yet?
McBee fall away 3 to send it to overtime.
Wow!
incredibly: 2 teams w/most innings from their starters this year, have the worst bullpen ERA's
going to bed in 5min
Jokes on you bitches
RT : Venting can help release frustration  motivate you to move forward but if venting lasts more than 15 minutes it Really...
Doe you love your fans?
3
It better be all good, Kevin.
that's what you get!!!!!!
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate What, you don't like Nickleback?
do you like Alice Hoffman?
She has a new book out  it is awesome
While you gone?
Shit, Netflix on your couch.
Sunday Funday, Minaj Mondays, Trivia Taco Tuesdays.
We've got fun every day of the week :
Trying to talk your way into shit by saying you own shares in the company is a shitty look.
Thanks for the RT.
As a woman, do you agree that heels go up in an econ downturn?
All I really want to do is be part of a grand story.
Much like a great novel filled to the binding w/ laughter, memories, sadness,  triumph
Today I got a trampled on by a group of kids.
it was a fun tuesday because from the YCD group was in Cleveland and came for dinner.
too fun!
Nice to meet you too!
Working on this play means something a little bit different today.
Please come out and Support WTC View St Theatre.
and thank you.
Wish the wifey and mama a happy day too!
Hiking in the desert today!
arriving somewhere in a stretch hummer limo is a great way to let people know you have or aspire to have herpes
Sorry Nell  thought I was already following you!
Love your socialvelocity approach.
Forgiveness is our command.
Judgement is not
had me weak today in Econ hahahaha !!!
Beliebers Turn To Justin because when the world makes us feel all alone, Justin's music speaks to us :
There's got to be a way to combine fear factor and the bachelor.
Then I could throw snakes on a bunch of girls with spray tans.
Thanks for the RT!
can u follow me plzs that would make my day
Shes my best friend so of corse im going to tell her everything you just said.
doctornking some delicious wine with my cousin...m
No problem ;
In this documentary I'm watching, the narrator just pronounced 'magnate' as 'magnet'.
Congratulations on winning tickets to see AlvinAiley this weekend at NJPAC in Please DM us for tix info.
Just doctorpped a WMD in the bathroom
I've never been z
should let me chill with her
If you aint got no fears then you aint got no tears
Time lapse photography has to be one of the coolest things on Earth.
I've tried to figure this out on my own, but what is the difference between following packer people on twitter and on sulia?
Did we really have to move up one spot to get Trent?
Did the Vikings have a trade in place with him?
burn them edges a lil so I kno it's real lol
i feel you on that 1 brO and pplz took advantage of my niceness so i had to watch who i was nice to cause everyone doesnt deserve
Happy Birthday!
RT : Just realized Copyblogger is 6 years old today.
Thanks to all of you for being the reason for doing it.
can you play stairway to heaven?
:
whew.
is making it easier to delete dm's then the twitter website.
:
Am I that entertaining?
Lol
Wearing her little white moccasins that I made for her, she runs to me with her hands full of wildflowers.
sorry to burst your bubble.
Florida for spring break?
I can't today: prom later, hmm when next week are you free?
Happy 1st Birthday to iOS game!
What a journey it has been!
Have met many friends along the way!
Thank you to all!
good morning mahomies : y'all had doctorams of ameezy ?3
get your money up dogg lol
OMG JUSTINS VOICE IS SO SEXY
: I want to go so bad.
It's been way too long since I have been there LET'S GO!!!
I will say with respects to motive, cause of death, in my legal career It will be hard to prove intent and motive.
congrats on your male vocalist of the year win!!
we love ya!
SnOrEz!
You should've documented me getting blitzed in a kitchen while getting a haircut AND a tattoo at the same time!
3
I actually feel like crying and dieing in double period bio right now :
That's good medicine for anyone of us!
Eating Sour Patch Kids for lunch haha so not healthy
Sat.
off a 31 consensus in the NFL playoffs and now we have 85 cappers posted and consensus growing abck close to kick off
You, me, and are like the coolest kids of all time ever.
We should party.
thanks jerry!!!
So it's freezing out here.
Working on Edmund Spenser and having the same repetitious thought: Wasn't Antiquitez on Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain?
So cute!
I used to have a cat like that when I was a kid :
I mean song lol
Good Morning!
take a deep breath and suck it up OJ!
t i don't know hours.
that's our crew for us!!!
BS!
EMTs just arrived at Bristol, reports of a man on TV having a stroke during halftime, reports of him speaking in tongues
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!
ILL TELL YOU WHERE THE BEST TRUCKS ARE AND WHERE YOU CAN FIND THEM!
THANKS
I was fortunate to present the Lifetime Achievement Award to one of New Orleans' most masterful trombonists and educators, Milton Bush....
lol if u say so
My dad on the phone just now: Man, can you believe the Spurs are going to win it all?
What a troll.
I love that checked in with us last week!
already bought my for that BlueSlidePark tour when it comes to madison
Hey, Twitter Support!
Can Tweets be sent to two mobile devices?
It would be handy if all of my team could get the same info!
Thx!
I must be the least prepared man ever trying to obtain a visa.
No passport, missing forms and no money.
Twitter hates my phone too I uninstalled it on my Phone and my twitter buds have clogged my phone up lol
I just wanna be at the gym all night but this studying thing is getting in the way 
Hanging out with Waldo RT : where is the man in the yellow hat?
A friend suggested Roseanne Barr for president.
I laughed for a bit and then thought how awesome John Goodman would be as vice president
I wanna be a billionaire so frickin' bad
Thanks and for following!
ThanksRT :  you were right!
that sweet potato topping made it so much better : i'll be seeing you again!
what were some of those great email marketing nuggets from ?
Just curious
This scene is just insanely sexy.
you're right.
Saw that highlight today.
Someone come have breakfast with me!
Any takers!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to Everyone Specyphi What you Believe
Just got confirmation on the FINAL PXYSJ superstar!
will announce Wednesday morning!
So I am follwing  love the art but why ur the first person out side of my musical artist I have followed
Patient should avoid hard food items and very sticky foods with temporary dental crown.
come on Tony and be a part of The Big Blue Nation..
Go Big Blue!!
LTNY Sutherland, like many firms, is catching up from years of down IT spending.
tries to sell IT programs on their value to client service
thanks for the follow back :
Jay and Ye are home, watching their throne.
Come celebrate the NBMBAA'S 40th birthday with us!
Aug.
24  General Membership Meeting  Ice Cream Social  Manpower
People come into our lives for a reason.
Some stay and some leave :
Juggling real work while maintaining dominance on the MarcusThomas75 tag  seriously tho, this shindig is shaping up.
Kudos MT party crew.
It's Meat Lover's Wednesday!
Which type of our smokin' BBQ do you want for dinner tonight?
FOLLOW BACK :
FUCK everything about today.
By today, I mean the last 24 hours, because that's how long it has been since I slept.
wow.
I can only doctoram.
Lol.
Shout out all my me new followers
When traveling to Detroit stay at The Henry.
A former Ritz Carlton and a hidden gem!
Perfect end to concert.
Happy Friday!
Haha, yep.
OH SOUTHBOUND 43 IS CLOSED.
Well golly, I used this funny box I sit in front of all day to get the same info.
xx Of course, darling.
Pepped me up to see you!
Til next week
Congratulations to hosting a very successful conference.
Is this the first year?
Also, I think the tv in this hotel room is the same 26 screen he has on his kitchen counter.
I snore at night, so I bought a bunch of those Breathe Right Strips for my wife to shove in her ears.
just realized some things about family.
Immature people these days..
my aunt and I do.
A little Skrillix in the mix now!!!
would be in heaven!!
Ok...my cousin is gonna buy da tickets, but my dad said I can only buy tickets for me  my dad :'
An authentic life is the most personal form of worship
It took me a few listens.
But like you saw on my list, Atlantic City is very good.
I read that article.
If youre a cop and to mace an 84 y/o woman, what does that say about your ability to do the job?
not to mention your notashittyperson privileges.
TWO privileges you have over romney, who would have thought?
From STS95 interview.
most complicated machine ever constructed by humans.

robyn, this time he blogged malevolent ingenuity
Damn, should of stretched more.
My left leg is destroyed.
Can't be that bad though.
i can't wait for to come out with their new album!!!!!!
make me!
Today's gonna be a long day, so much to do!
Mfs Finna have a free day on Friday no class that's what I'm talking about
iLoveWhenYou STOP playing GAMES n doctorP those doctorWS!
watching TECO, MDHI, SHMN and SNET those are the talk of the chatroom right now
With a great pool, comes great responsibility!
Call Danna Pools NOW for your FREE Estimate!!!
595POOL
Women like a lot of talking and foreplay before sex, while men like to skip foreplay and go straight to sex
NOT loudest snack ever.
Wheat Thins 4 me  quiet.
With all 3 parrots eating WT  same time, quietest my apt has ever been.
Online Information is only a week away!
Visit us in booth 240 with
I can't decide what's more depressing, the book title The Jobless future or that it is a 2nd edition
What time are you guys going on?
Are playing here again soon?
Six Flags3 :D
Two songs have alternated the 1 Hot 100 Billboard spot!
Katy Perry's Firework was bumped for him twice...
loves it
New Balt.
Co.
Superintendent Dallas Dance  Age is not the issue.
The issue is whether someone has the skillset to hold the position
Motorsports: Hinton: The new old Smoke After 17 years of turbulence in Indy cars and NASCAR, after three Cup titles, after 46 visits to
both keynotes at recsys09: behavior of users tells you more than their ratings
the car crash you had I thought it took you away from me And I aint too strong to deal with the vacancy
SaySomethin stock in my head all day long, but its a incredible feeling ; 3
We ultimately rebel against those who demand of us.
Rules actually fuel sin.
1 Cor 15:56 Grace breaks the cycle of sin.
Rom 6:14
I think ima go get my niece  nephews today  take them to a nice park :
Cannot grade outsidethe crows are cawing nonstop, and the Mosquitos are too brave.
who has the fight online?
Heart disease is still the 1 killer of women, taking the life of one woman every minute.
aww I love mom
does not inbox.
If you can't write it on my wall, then don't write it.
Luv ya all!
I have no reason to frown.
I'm still breathing.
Wasn't really expecting to stay at work later, but I'll take that 
interested in joining a baller gym with me off Yamato/Military trail w/indoor hoops?
To the man who inspired a Syndey CartonPOV poem I wrote long ago:
But you ain't got no legs lieutenant Dan..
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion.
If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Dalai Lama
MT : RT : Great to connect with women entrepreneurs 
Matt Damon expected in DC later this month  the Save our Schools March
Ah what a long weekend.
Got a couple more things 2do 2day..but then
You can't master your future, If you're still a slave to your past.
I hate you so much.
This is effen tragic.
Never is it ok to perpetuate violence..
cuchifritios would be killer.
aspiring hospitality entrepreneurs take note.
this is the next truck to do!
So happy for you!
Way to lose a client forever
Almost time for baths and snuggle time with little ones :
somebody talk!
Sadistic move of the day: watching the play without Rose or Noah.
Here's to hoping.
That's a LONG nagging injury list for
Just deleted about 50 food pics, but I had to keep the tater tot nacho pic.
Happy Sunday.
Nice pic, sexy!
Skinny nigga but I do big like a
not even, haha.
Just a homework essay doctorving me crazy!
i have a bowl in my room with something in it...you get to stick your hand in it ;
thank you Gary.
But my son is an inspiration to me.
I couldn't be the father I am without them
Sorry about the delay.
We will check with the parking department.
Econ shuttles should run every 10 minutes.
What time was it?
yeah I know juan hit me up I'm not gonna be able to make it this time maybe next time
If life is a journey the BEACH should be the destination!
lmfaooooo im Russian leave me lone lmfaoooo
Do you know what happens to good looking people like me in jail??
Well let me tell you it rhymes with GRAPE!!
21jumpstreet hahaha
Vegetarian breakfast tacos will start this morning right
good job...
Feeling cold and hot at the same time, that's annoying!
My kid: So hockey is basically soccer on ice with sticks?
Me: Um...
maybe.
Do you have an electronic copy?
I'd love to check that out!
What's new in March !!!
We need some gigs pronto !!!
They thought that we would think it was soo juicy but WRONG!
We are grown women with actualy brains.
They underestimated us.
Treat even imports your Facebook friends' birthdays so you won't forget
Has anyone else heard that Belichick has had two, yes, two whole weeks to gameplan?
Game over, man, game over.
Sorry.
Use your mind first in fitness.
MindFirstFitness.
My mentions are dead a'f.
Thank you so much.
We still need to get together.
I've been chillin wit my hat on da whole day.
Im sitting up  my house  my parents told me Take it off, I'm like NO, I 3 it
I've officially submitted my entry to meet the Kardashian's at the office.
Now I can leave for the weekend!
He'll have to DVR it...he will still be stuck in Cape traffic.
Censorship, like charity, should begin at home; but unlike charity, it should end there.
Clare Booth Luce
Going to try this on Sunday!
Super cool calculation language, FRINK  make physical calculations simple super!!!
Thank You!:
I'll talk to you all PM
what was?
im waiting.3
Watching this game.
I just don't understand
They would have at least asked if it was Spirit Of Eden or Laughing Stock
i love u baby so much
wow, this is a site I didn't want to see.
he popped that hammy on the way to first...not good for us
Well that's interesting...I really need to surround myself with something better..
Thank you for the time I had with you but I have to move on now ...
The Citizens United ruling is specifically re corporations.
Nobody is saying unions are equivalent to corporations or individuals.
A lot of folk forget from whence they came.
you probably do
wtf.
well thats fantastic.
me mom i made a 97 on my test momWTF
how many days till Daytona?
Walleye for lunch...
Jealous?
Not having any love for doctoramhost support today, after our site was essentially out for 3 days,they ask: what is your epecific error?
Choose Ye this day...
Persist and persevere, and you will find most things that are attainable, possible.
Lord Chesterfield
It is not a surprise to us at all that Lupe is killing this stage right now!
i remember when showed me stronger freestyle by .
It's Friday!
Thank you :
ThatOnePersonInSchool in school who swears he's the shit and think life's about skating and getting pussy even though he can't get a girl
I am a recovering online Scrabble addict; it's been calling my name lately, but thus far, I've managed to resist.
New york MOOD
oh hey;
Thanks for the excellent shout out in your paper, Derek!
RT : special!
If you follow me on twitter, tell me in person and receive 5 off any print if you come by my booth!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers in twitterville.
Watching big bang from thurs...w brilliant!
When I get home.
The future looks like a glass half full, or should we say, glasses half full.
Thank you for your time and support!
Don't jinx it!
I think we'd all like to forgetthat year in US soccer...: That was just a flashback to 2006!
Reg.
vacuuming keeps carpets  rugs looking neat  clean but also by removing dust  dirt u reduce the chance of permanent damage.
Hopefully today is decent, lmao as I'm typing this my cat throws up...
Happy valentines day!!
nah I needed a day off I haven't taken off since october
really??
What all did you use?
Believe me it is, my real smile is too bad for these self photos.
If I took it with a strait face you'd see the difference.
We aim to finish what we started...1st rehearsal of RED LIGHT WINTER tonight!
latin for the day  Omnia mors aequat.
Death makes all things equal.
I want to marry someone someday...
But good women are few to none...
listening to doctorke :D
If I hit 800 followers, giving away prints of Miller or Cal to a new follower, an old one and one for someone who shouts me out to their ppl
I'm so unbelievably excited for tonight at it's almost ridiculous
Looking forward to some very creative original publishing.
dmp
No.
Did see everyone setting up, though.
Thanks, i try and Yes, I am Frank
Yes, you will be back.
Rest up, heal, and God bless.
That's another great feature  it autogenerates parent access codes
RT I can't, bruh.
AF folk love that dude too.
Hey , its OMER!
HUGE MTV FUN FACTORY party w/ CHANEL 2nite !
Plus, bar210 has been HOT!
Want to come?
Reply YES 4 VIP LIST INFO.
I will send you a copy as soon as it ships.
Always raise your goals; that way peers don't realize you never meet them.
Did you mail all the may issue magazines to the subscribers?
Intense plan.
How long did you read each day?
That Shake Shack tweet absolutely made my day, my week.
I have the most retarded hips on the entire world .
every time I walk it cracks.
No social life .
ell oh ell
My brakes failed and I'm getting towed back to Minneapolis.
They are 9 weeks and 2 days old, and I lost count a while ago.
:D Check them out on FB, if you like!
oh o news to talk to u
Conversation I overheard: you're a senior?
no but I'm graduating early.
....I wish that was me.
ALEC supports laws that target minority voters and sponsors laws similar to AZ 1070.
Glad that Coke bailed on them.
Installing windows 7 tommorrow, my message to microsoft?
THRILL ME!
The things that we let come out our mouth..
Smh..
I'm for freedom of speech but dang....
goodmorning sunshine3 I had a doctoram about you!; 3
glad to help
Marine Mammal Mania is going on now at !
4/2022 features our favorite, Harbor Seals!
Head down for an afternoon of fun :
I gonna get it for sure!
I wish I could get the actual CD but for now I'll have the iTunes one
Malkin with the hatty
if you're talking bad about austn's dad, or any of the crew, watch your back.
mahomies will find you, btch.
last rehersal before thursday tonight.
special thanks to for the sharing of the kit
Happy New Year!
Crush it in 2012!!
good job tonight!!!
me too.
I cannot wait!
Avoid fruits and nuts.
You are what you eat.'
20ThingsAboutMe when im mad i take my mood out on anyone in my path
hey just read your last blog post.
i'm following my doctoram this year too!
I prefer the one on the right I like the shoulders
yes!
they look great in photos!
you can always buy your own for much less if you're confident in your ability to apply them.
.
crushed it at tonight.
Awesome show and great guys
I can't sleep I really wish I could love ya to Dow gurtz
Got to John Harry play with his band at the Acadia Cafe tonight.
You may know him better as Harry on 93X in the Twin Cities.Great show John!
we're expecting full coverage from you lol
Stop being careless and care less.
That entire movie doctorps so much knowledge its ridiculous
Play hard tonight for my grandpa he passed away this weekend.
Go Brewers!
i'm sorry.
i know that pain.
just keep your head up ;.
everything happens for a reason
Lunch at the for old times' sake next Friday when you're in town, ?
lol no its the b oys mom..
she is a alcholic..
and just necer ends with her
I know really.
What cha doing?
Wrestlers are the toughest.
The hardest thing to do in sports is to hit a round ball with a round bat
this is all making me hungry.
Today iite lik i predicted it was nuffin special
Christina Baldwin Change is the constant the signal for rebirth the egg of the phoenix.
Ok I think we on The Same Page!
Let's see how this goes!!
swsw is no when it comes to keynote interviews
I just made my first sale!!!
I am so excited!!
Now if I could just get some people to book some shows!
:
Message to Rick Santorum: It's impossible to ban porn without banning the internet first, good luck with that.
yes, sick and tired !!
The problem is my cats hate change.
I'm still a GA.
Boy!!
Southern born, Rebel raised!!
Lots of guns there
happy birthday homie.
wow, that's gay!
Haha
OpenMobile provided a gr8 broad overview of the mobile ecosystem.
Great to see appcelerate focused on the app and user discovery.
It's your heart, not the dictionary, that gives meaning to your words.
jesus
RT I was on the Traveling Science Club while in high school
Finally, it comes out officially that Ryan used the restrictions to get Uthoff to come in and talk about it.
Happy Birthday !
Have fun celebrating, Carie!
It's on a Friday  isn't that nice?
NIGGA IT WENT FROM 350 TO A PEAKING 545 WHAT THE FUCK
When life gives you lemons....tell her to pass the vodka too ;
Kristina Woosley showed a clip from Apple's Knowledge Navigator from 1990.
Siri's predecessor.
If you are looking for some peace in life, first things first you must quiet your mind and practice your mental strengths to acquire
Yes, Flacco is an eligible receiver today.
will do
no jackass, thats jus expressin how serious i am, i cant possibly in heaven nor earth yell at u while im typin, dumb limp dick
NPT chan 8 is showing the boyfriends family The CarterFamily!!
How cool!!
Yes.
More than jobs.
Also when, how often, why  what it means.
I'll happily share results; just doctorp me email
Gotta love my life.
Ha just kidding
You're welcome, and we'll take a look!
The people at TheRush inspired me to start running.
first mile: 12:07 without stopping.
Holla!
Today.....Love your people, people 3
Last day to sleep in...advantage taken!
if that's what cha wanna call it
but peaceful occupy style movements R proven over history.
Works in all parts of the globe.
The Only tried  true way
thank you Soror!!!
It was so great to meet you!!!
Once again, the world is a flood with bad writing.
Some good sleep, and a new day is waiting for me.
RT: abletlawyer: Love using OneNote to organize a case/evidence for a trial.
Everything at my finger tips notes during trial
Anyone think Nightly News segment about JFK Book on tonight's Rock Center is an advertorial?
How do you feel about such news?
yes.
2014 is going to be the greatest.
RADIO JOB POSTING: Awesome Coastal Top 50 market looking for Hot AC Middays/imaging.
Send demo/resume 2 !
Is this real?!
Holy ..
something.
where is my GF i miss her : 3
Good news,moms still pissd but she gav my cell back,n i kinda fixd my cam.but all well,ill just type my Qs on the 31st k.luvbri
agreed, Kobe wont be denied!
go LA
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Oscar Wilde
love how u use mamma SCAN SCAN
Does Carb Face know you call her that?
Will be in Orange County CA this weekend any great food,coffee spots or hot yoga suggestions?
wishes everyone a Happy New Year!
Please continue to help us end ChildSexualAbuse  ChildSexSlaveTrafficking!
Honestly why isn't it summer yet?
The challenges of advocating for audience research...oy.
same here!
Already have tix to the 5/4 game.
Can't wait!
shoulda told that to whoever tried to teach you hahaha
there's crossroads on Hawthorne.
Really  2 pop up ads and 10 banner ads on one page for an article that is 2 paragraphs long??
I got to follow me now should follow me!
Ah Pwease Bailey
only 1 he 7 mins left...
Talk about cheap bill vs actual service,, damn you Verizon!
I Love You Too.:
Agreed 2 do another school closing ceremony yesterday.
Was disappointed when asked my rate!
Charge to speak to our kids?
Come on!
Free99
SEO is a technique which helps search engines find and rank your site higher than the millions of other sites.
Today has been long.
Reading a chapter of my book, meditating, and then going to bed.
yeah me too!
but rewatching them is actually pretty awesome.
I FREAKING MISSED SAY SOMETHING!!
CANT FIND IT ON YOUTUBE!!!!!
WHAT DO I DO?!?
IM GONNA GO CRAZY!!!!!
haha or jut give the movie to someone responsible as soon as I finish watching it haha
congrats on your emmy nomination!
producer!
Ha ha ha!
I'll go look!
had dinner with a photographer and a writer.
everyone has stories to tell.
we just do it in different ways.
straight up
lol I blow up your phone :
where the hell is tim tebow going?
did you get an iPhone?
Yet Bullying was rated R!
Even more perplexing.
Seems what I mistook for an okcupid correspondence going REALLY well may have been a fair young thing using me for wank fodder.
got a red card.
We may not choose our conditions, but we can choose how we experience them and how we experience ourselves
Caller: I need to speak to the owner.
Me: ...of what?
The internship search is in full swing.
Best way to lose thanksgiving weight gain?
Dancing to December 2nd at the Magic Stik
RT : If Keha called me, I'd probably cry, shake, and smile like an idiot like I did when I got tweeted by her lmaooo
no doubt.
Congrats!
Looks like all the hard work payed off.
How many more?!
Please GET THE JOB DONE!
Don't forget to set your Mayan calendars: spring forward, fall apocalypse!
We're not sending DM tweets.
Hacked: Got a heads up from a stylist this am.
Took us a half hour to figure out what IDGAF means.
well since today is almost gone!
Lets study tomorrow...
Lol
How'd you get so smart?
You must have incredibly savvy women in your life.
wiunion Anyone have any good Madison rally photos from today?
so u slap that heffa in the club cause of alchol huh??
im just touchdown
It looks like Beach Boy will contribute just as much to the Giants as this MLB season!
Whoa...
K9 unit and cop cars on shoulder at 43N north Ave.
That dog is a big beast!
I just received a bill for calling an ambulance.
I refused transport, ergo I did not ride w/ them.
I was charged a standard fee.
wtf?
Friday lunch special  STONE CRABS!!!!
Science Daily puts out all research  but Frontiers may well have its own agenda  just an interesting data point.
u should put zombie on repeat for inspiration :
If heaven is a place where the angels go, then I guess you're going straight to hell!
Ouch.
Velveeta  Holidays?
: RT The problem with planning a holiday grocery trip to Whole Foods is they never have Velveeta.
I miss my boo jaz.
We need a lunch date like ASAP.
Implying we're bandwagon?
14 straight years of losing yet I watch, listen or go to just about every game.
Get over yourself.
Saints were like the mob..stalking coaches,bounties..they're going to find that Haslett ran a brothel at the creepy superdome
We just remade Baby.
But about statutory rape.
hit me up phat boy
12th St.
as well.
RT Embarcadero stop on bart just closed due to 'civil disturbance'
We are the reckless we are the wild youth, if your sill breathing your a lucky one, collecting names of the lovers that went wrong
TV ALERT: Super Bowl XLV airing on in 23 minutes.
You're welcome.
is it changed?
nope.
you can't.
so i'm just gonna ignore you.
sorry.
shoulda thought about that before you let your girlfriend of 3 days
LET'S ALL FOLLOW : Follow my uncle !!
it's all marathony outside today
Bed timehappy time.
:
HEY!!
It's ERIC LEVI.
My father delivered you!!!
How Marissa Michelle and Bobbie?
Say hello for us.
Nice to see you on Twitter
what kind of civilized people eat the body and blood of their savior!?
o that's all da deigns u do
Stay humble.
Good night/morning.
But its two ns!
It's so beautiful outside and I have to work all day.
Wahhhh.
LOL!
Roach update?
successfulvacation everyday of my life
Some of the hills I saw in Pittsburgh yikes.
Thanks for all who came out to support Chicago Voices.
Kudos to actor Harry Lennix, Poet KLove, and actress, T'keyah Crystal Ke'mah!
I wonder if they want an autograph from Batman or Bayle.
:
one step at the time will take to achive your doctorams!!
I have no idea how I unfollowed you either lol
how to love
no go ahead and send me a text
I will miss you!!
Say hi to fashion bitches in Ohio!
Coach Joe Scott of the Denver Pioneers says focus is the key to continued success
Happy St.
Patrick's Day everyone!
is thusdday your british accent or fat fingers?
:
yes it is!
Thanks!!!
I hate getting burnt when I go tanning..
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence.
MLK Jr Help Haiti
thank you so much for making my day!
Yes, you can find someone that is eager to work for minimum wage without benefits.
It still doesn't make it right.
George W.
Bush endorsement of Romney was about as warm as a Dick Chaney Christmas Card to the ACLU.
Some more 420 Acts 4:20 For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard fearless!
definitely do it.
so worth it.
make murtaugh skip soccer.
Figures.
I read the reviews on that movie before seeing it  they were the most accurate reviews I ever read.
Nah just lowe's RT : Working in retail makes me realize that people are really fucking bizarre
Happy Mardi Gras!
I hope you have a blast!
Nas is like
Why does popping a zit remind me of the 4th of July?
There's a Hans Wehr Twitter account??
genius
122112 bullshit they said this would happen in the 1900s it will pass people say its a big prediction the only thing is we will live :
the man you mock has already won a cup this year
yup and I just can't see the Brewers winning it unless the pitchers  slumping hitters surprise us.
FREE Salsa Lesson from Salsa Baby, at 6:30 PM TONIGHT  Salsa Under the Stars!
now you got him started
Snapping...
What's beef to a butcher?
I saw a girl the other day she was looking good wonder if she saw me
What happened to the headquarters/base camp?!
Way to early!
On my way to VU
leggo thunder , show them lakers who really better 3
Still hungry?
Get a meatball sub with hand packed meatballs and sweet potato fries for 10.
Yes ma'am!
You go gurrl!
when your guys say no problemno need to worry, I can take care of thator you will receive it in 2 daysit is not so
Fourthround tee times for South Georgia Classic Presented by First State Bank and Trust Company
Bitches don't know if they want to be gay or bi !!!
ahahah so true.
Had a very fun time on a Carnival Cruise!
my mom used to work from home and the company when they laid her off told her to keep the printer they did not want it back.
how is it that I was in the SF office today and didn't get to see you guys?
And now you are in LA?
nurses make a healthychicago , not cuts.
When u realize that those that matter don't mind and those that mind don't matter ur growing up!
Ahh got a bad tummy ache :/ this happens for eating at Taurino really late at night after a doctornking session with the babe and friends .
Nobody ever let me fly through Kansas City ever again.
Disembark plane into some kind of holding pen, and they don't understand 24hour time
Burrrrrnnnnnnn RT I think Livejournal still has more active users than TMO has subscribers.
Free social network promo on my professorle.
Works great for follows.
Would you like to follow 4 follow?
:
Delicious food  wine for amazing bargain price at Ray's to the Third tonight.
But baffling re: atmosphere.
Could've been a Days Inn lobby.
I can't wait until GOT starts up again.
It's so fancy!
Why do I feel like I mess up everything
Do not ask me back if I have never gone
Ut its the hottest street anthem lol they all say that
yeah I hope I don't either.
For me it seemed like forever in getting out of that scary place!
20ish.
Can get you a more concrete number very soon.
Wright was a luxury pick.
Holmgren said 'we wanted to have our cake  eat it too.
He knows about cake.
It's early  all could change, but I will take 80 through first half of the day.
why u hate on ??
U know u can kik ur fuckn ass up and down the street not just the felt u jealous ignorant dumb fuck
Okay so I thought you like hated me.
But I miss you and want to see you.
Plus, I'm dying to know what's been going on .
You are welcome!

On the edge of my seat....
At that cost not something I totally dislike.
I give up.
Who has Tampico in their fridge right now?
Send us a pic!
Iona is hungry
The pressure!
RT : Our executive editor who could stand to tweet a little more:
Thanks.
I look forward to seeing you too.
Thank you.!: I've been looking for a blue one like that forever:
Phillies came back ...
at the expense of the 'Stros.
Remember, Devin, there are no bad years  only rebuilding.
Well, fuck.
That was great news.
I'm going for a run.
Good luck with that because I'm not changing my mind.
I thought so, but didn't want to sound too pessimistic.
YEE is single!
He's mine fersure!;
Wedding Insurance!
www.filmemporium.com/weddings.html
Great stuff happening.
Get pumped!!!
Cleaning the house ipod on listening to makes cleaning bearable!!
Thanks!
Rachelle: I sent you a text and just sent you a DM : BH XOXO
biggest challenge so far this year.
Big!
Finding the vegan version of a recipe is like going on an easter egg hunt in the vatican.
Dont worry UFC fans....still not vegan
Bruce Willis is Joe?
GIJoe.
Now we know ...
I would, but sadly i'll be out of the country the day of the race.
Just read bout DetermiNation tho, pretty great idea
RT : Begun to understand how folks get sucked into unedifying Twitter throwdowns Lifting hands from keyboard b4 I tweet again....
haha you too!
text me
lol where and what time?
Lots of new tour dates coming soon!
So I can't run Silverlight on Chrome, huh?
That's pretty ridiculous.
Chicago is rooting for the original 6!
GoLocal chicago Go Bruins!!
Finally justice has come to all.
But always Remember 911.
: RT : RIP American Automotive pioneer
Other than that...
Good morning tweeters.
Just watched Social Network, what a dick.
Although, the phrase, Seanathon was amazing.
Musicians, hit us up for a cinematic music video.
Mass would greatly benefit from a cohesive community college  state university housing strategy.
Target gateway cities downtowns.
Hunger Games hangover.
Love The Architect of Flavor!
He got horns on the hood of his caddy, cruisin round town
So for all of you that read Out Here in Narnia thank you so much!
Its just hit 400 reads : Much love!
Caitlin xx
Just arrived in Seattle.
Might have just met the most positive person on the planet...

If know one else do they do RT : I love the feeling my kids give me Appreciated Very True
so glad to hear that, anything you need me to help you just let me know.
we are SO excited 
Swans don't like vino :p RT ps tell Swan to go easy on the
just bought your upcycling craft book!
Love it Danny!
Thanks so much, Frankie.
I eagerly await your call ; x
sorry about that.
Retweeted quickly before I realized what it was.
Since deleted.
Incredible.
Got an alumni 4 u if u go!
RT Accepted to GW with Presidential 40k scholarship!!!
GW2016 5 for 5!!
FF  my business.
A follow will get you a return follow, prizes and Wisconsin sports humor aplenty.
Looking forward to Urban Harvest 2011 tomorrow!
I'm sorry but Blake bout to get Beat Up tonight!
TMKY11 edchat If I own a video that I would like to share with students, is it possible to create a video clip to embed into my website?
Thats the spirit!
RT : LOVE THE SOUND OF MOTORCYCLES!!!!
Welcome back..
It's that time again and not pregnant this summer.
Yay
I think I need to check in to your blog more often.
Looks like you need some sheep, though.
; ;
ALL TALK!
MIDDAY at noon: Reversing terrorist radicalization, University of Maryland Response to Terrorism
i was once happy.
.
.
Or is Truth too risky these days?
Journalism is the new dumpster diving  Trash and it all stinks.
Internet Marketing Humor Part 1
heh.
The original was written for cnet in 99.
amazing to see how far the field has come!
WE SHOULD ARRANGE A MEET AND GREET LIKE ASAP
The Wackest Rapper is trending..Twitter finna get me started.lol
Try changing your pswrd first
just enjoying fam.
And taking care of business.
I don't listen to that crap bud...
But I still love you...
Hm how far away from Beachwood are you?
c2css12 Angelo's Seven Axioms of Classroom Assessment.
Read it!
Classroom Assessment Techniques!
Football!
Football!
Football!
SundayFunday!
Story meeting today at 3:30 at Truax campus in room 130.
Stop by if you can!

I miss you!
Let me have a midnight snack
If you havent seen the singoff yet on NBC, you are missing out.
Afroblues is amazing.
Brilliant.
Absolutely brilliant.
RT : It was nice to see you...your dad's gay.
I bought a ticket at chicagos midway airport yesterday.
There was no line
you are a mess!
Headed to Baltimore to install collaborative piece with Sam
No, we don't have our radio ads online.
Can we help you with anything?
RT : i wanna go lesbian se!
This guy is a little freaky.
We'll see if he can dance.
What2ChainzWouldSay take a trip, on this flight, fine ass bitch, on my right, watchin her take a sip, I bet she great with a trailer hitch!
Excited to be chatting with our multicultural students online tonight!
We love talking to new eagles at !!!!!
It's official.
instagram is on the doctorid.
GameOver:/
sighting at State St.
What a small world.
All I know is kid can rock a purple tie like a champion.
Can somebody tell me why Harry Potter in Spanish costs 10, but the same book in Italian is no cheaper than 50?
I went to the new one that opened up in Dupont, it was pretty good.
Use the Manic Panic Atomic Turquoise, others will ruin your hair.
You do that
Yea keep it safe!Lol well packing my last bag for flordia!My flight got delayed because of storms!Bye!
Way to many notes!
sleep is needed so bad right now!
A great day of history and now the concert.
I couldn't ask for anything more!
I bet he doesn't pay a dime in child support.
in the florida sea breeze
sure, but there are more specific provisions that gave Goodell authority to suspend Vilma and others.
See offfield conduct
How are hockey fans supposed to properly digest this terrible day without you and 's voices putting it all into words.
don't you wish you were at
Central Procurement Agency for purchase of medicines soon
Final 4 for EA Madden Cover: Aaron Rogers, Patrick Willis, Cam Newton, Calvin Johnson.
LET'S GO ROGERS!!!
RT : Finally.
practice on Wednesday!
You know it's gonna be a good day when your hair doesn't look like a dead thing on your face.
;
I want us to be more then friends ;
aww, thanks for or the love and support
always taking the credit, somehow I am not suprised
My mom is so doctornk.
Trying to stay paperless, any ideas for a site for a 6th grade class to create their own fairytales online?
call me bro
messing with people, because they're stoned and it's funny
Florence Welch is a force of nature.
Firebomb hair, voice like an avalanche...really enjoying the new album Ceremonials.
Reading and sauntering and lounging and dozing, which I call thinking, is my supreme happiness.
David Hume, born on this day in 1711.
who could you possibly owe an apology to?
Chie is a house manager warrior and our hero!
Thanks Chie!!!
yes and so is Finding Nemo.
At least that's the case for me 2yr old!
If you're not coming to the wine tasting tomorrow, come to Amerigo at around 8:30 for some fine afterparty fellowshipping, Booze Camp style.
Nice Insider on the Mets.
Had Sanchez remained healthy, Mets might have enjoyed more success in past four seasons.
It's true though, Canadians are the nicest people I've ever met!
why is everybody's MindInTheGutter recently??
lol
While necessary, public transportation is the worst
Umm yeah it is.
Thank you for checking out my Boards on Pinterestit is habit forming!
Found out yesterday I was accepted for a residency at Wildacres in NC.
Planning to use it to start a piece for Rhymes With Opera!

i'm with a radio network looking for interviews on protests
If at first you don't succeed destroy all the evidence that you tried
Rain: a bald Starfleet captainin's worst enemy.
You win for now, rain.
: Yeah, it's pretty dang exciting.
But also terrifying.
But in a good way.
Heading over to Foothills Mall in a few minutes to celebrate a birthday and enjoy happy hour!
I wished they would show how many people are really losing there homes and apartments.
A passionate makeout session would be nice right now.
I know u'll make us proud B!
Avengers was so badass!!!
Round 2 on monday!
spiked.
I've never seen you with spiked hair before
With around 30 of new snow in the last few days, Snowbird MUST open tomorrow for us!
PULEEEEEAAASE!
Bank next door was robbed.
Question  why would you hold up a bank next door to GSA  DOJ, and across from ATF?!
compassion really is the key; isn't it?
I hope you live a long, healthy, a fruitful life :
Had THE weirdest doctoram ever about the beautiful boy from the baseball game.
He was like posessed by a dog......
I'm in for an show!
, you too?
I like reading   tweets just because /
Lots of really good Rugby games this weekend ...
Getting my superRugby fix on
Tostada for lunch ;
I like it.
wrestling is real and you and cops are fake
Happy Holidays from me and mine to you and yours!
I need these now.
Are they at any bricks  mortar stores in Wash DC???
ooh, which program are you going to do?
2 good doctorves to work in a row!
Thanks plows!
Bright N Early
text me 
so an iPad probably behaves like a smartphone...
Will have to test that before the PODHBCU conference.
Thanks!
welcome to TWITTER...I broke ya TWEET cherry!!
3 xox
If your not going to Brad this weekend I don't like you
Im about to just skip  go home
Me too.
Interesting back story don't you think ?
6 MINUTES!!
TILL LAUNCH
Nolan Smith....Congrats
have fun at Leadville.
Good luck with your pace making.
I'll be running 13.1 tomorrow am.
Not quite 100, but...
Monday, Monday...So good to me........
What are you doing on this bright and beautiful Monday morning?
Newcastle mini kegs are the bomb dot com.
: RT : My days just don't start well when the Clippers lose the night before...
flowers, sorry
wonders what the hell that is
voted like 20 times your welcome
These are death penalty offenses you cannot attack an americans internal organs its not a joke Belinda Jackson
Any man that eats regularly at Tender Greens probably has a tender asshole from being fucked in it.
Back at school.
I already miss the family and Pei Wei usually covers that though.
haha maybe I should.
This weekend is writing itself.
dude  does alice soccer have a google calendar??
Really......are you serious....:facepalm: He's the WORST guy on stage!
Lets go kansas...you ate my national champion team.....I dont need my bracket busted more
I love you
Just started a Run.
77 F, 11mph N, 56
I have never had any Hawaiian coffee before, do the beans smell and taste much better?
Good luck with that!
yep well she up now for a minute
thanks!
Yeah it always humid humid humid here that time of year.
At least I will be pretty acclimated
An egg is a symbol of two people?
okay so Houston wont get a bliztkid show so now I got to take a trip to el paso but it's worth it to see michale graves and blitzkid :
I'm probably really going to regret seein this midnight movie at school tomorrow.
no idea what I'm doing
I wish that I could have this moment for LIFE!!
Thanks for the follow  I went to High School in Bremerton.
Pac Northwest golf is the best
Einstein's Special: Turkey  Cheddar Melt Combo 7.99!
New doctorft beers available  Pepper's Bar: Bud light, Stella Artois, Sam Adams and Blu
Mexico is coming to Seattle next month gotta go get my ticket soon
i did on facebook
I've tried messaging u twice on FB but it won't go through!!
Zeev Cohen, after recently receiving his Master Level went to England to conduct an Instructors Seminar
Yeah apparently even though it comes with clips for compact travel, you're not actually supposed to use them.
you look so good!
ur hair looks so pretty and its grown out!
:
nice gator you got in that pic!
Wow
what it dew my dude???..yo follow ur boy back...workin on sumthin I wanna holla at u about soon....
Butterflies taste with their feet.
That moment when your mom yells your middle name...
you know your ass is gunna get chewed.
And partly cloudy yayayay!!
Everyone, even U, is entitled to act stupidly, but you are just abusing the privilege.
Come in anytime this fri and tell the counter worker that large Marge sent you.
to receive 2 onetopping slices for 5 pls tax.
Only fri.
Who is the Chinese?
Hey, Boo.
Look who's twit twitting on twitter!!
Jobby Job?
Good for ju!
this crime on the katy trail reminds me i need new pepper spray....
is stepping into a new venture
Its so hot
!!!!!
RT : Yo Fabolous is one of the slickest punch line rappers.
School is to long and I can't listen to music.
Our bus doctorver is just sitting here and BLAH!
With whitney on her birthday at her modeling interview!
The 2 and 3 best sellers in nonfiction this week are by BlogHers!
Thanks Dan!
RT : Welcome back to old stomping grounds, Land Use Cmte  using pwr of Pub Advocate to intro bill re green tech
set fire to the rain cover amazingg once again girl
You can wash a dish one thousand times...You will never learn anything about the dish but, You will learn about yourself.
wow what was that lol wow
Excellent!
Bring on the
Calling all Kansas City food truck fans, we need your help.
What are your favorite trucks in the metro?
Same here, looking forward to collaborating with you!
you more silly toes :D
Are you really one of the organizers for Rizzoli Con?
omg the lights are going to go out
U couldn't tell ur big sis though?
U better bring ur behind from across the street  give me the updates!
Lol!
Congrats!
We saw a midnight show last night and I'm so glad we did.
It's a really welldone film.
From cinematography to performances
Firehook Bakery of Dupont Circle offers special orders for Cake  Catering  call 2632253!
Call us for your next event!
Just saw screening of ARGO, wow!
Kudos to Ben Affleck for captainring the Iranian hostage situation in '79.
Thanks for tix!!
:
the completed interview is up now!
Nice to meet you today!
This year he is healthy and playing well If he continues to play like this no one miss Howard
Searching through the typical inbox?
Its a little like keeping your entire closet in a pile, then searching through it for your favorite so
Being taster for Taste and Tweet is experience to be shared.
apply 2day at TasteTweet.com.
it's fun and tasty Plz RT
Dear youtube, LET ME X OFF MY SUBSCRIPTIONS!
I'm seriously sorry about that!
red all your resent tweets lol
We miss you Heather!!!
I know, went to the website and it only shown Little Rock.
Wait.
People are still out here advertising reverse mortgages?
Actor Rowan Atkinson has been discharged from hospital after sustaining a fractured shoulder blade in a car crash this week.
That feeling when you're not with your best friend  Awful.
Go Marlee Walker of Blues to Do TV!
You told it to the City Council.
That awkward moment when you're dancing in an empty grocery aisle and then someone comes around the corner...
youwassexyuntil you started using incorrect verbiage.
I like the fix.
im my Fav
Tue 7/19 Mark Towns on doctorms w Keith Vivens bass  Skip Nallia piano  Eddie Vs
RT Check out website for the lasted news and his RestLyss Style Magazine interview...find out what Shameiks up to..
Charting Cavada's transition from US citizen to Cuban guerilla / J.
Aleman
when tumblr is over capacity 
Chick baby don't give a fuck!!!
Rip
I wish he knew wat i think about him!
coaches talking about the glory days again helpfulmuch?
can this get any worse?
House passes resolution to intervene in Lobato case on voice vote.Now to Senate.
I just found someone on omegle and did the whole mistergreen/blue conversation with them from The Incredible Hulk
Working at tjmaxx Orlando Fl :D
yes its hard, we like em all!
can you guess what Facebook's IPO would be if this was 2012?
What can you can about the Saturday night game OU vs Texas Tech?
Parkas, check.
Tire chains, check.
Thirst for beer and knowledge, check.
here we come!!!
BBG is heading down to Bend today!
And the truth is there ain't no hope for the future
Establishing an association between your brand  value prop is the key.
Once you've done it, don't try to undo it.
wow bro Kissed another ?I kno how u feel I just want Mireya back  I try so hard :/ .
It's like the girls we love Dnt care
i weep.
I wish!
Hot dog stand is outdoors in the parking lot of our office building complex.
Got my tickets for at in August.
Looking forward to that show.
let's go!
LA here we come!
Customer development!
Since JSONG pointed it ou...i'm flashtheater ing soon!
Jsong too!
really?
I thought you woulda won this time for sure.
I don't know but keep trying!
Thanks for the Mozcation.
Excellent event...as always.
hahaha good one!
: thanks coming.
Where would we be if everyone agreed about everything :
i love watching thrillers and then tryna predict whats gonna happen next...
come up with some crazy fuckin twists
Happy 4th to everyone!
Remember to be safe and know that it's STATEWIDE NO REFUSAL WEEKEND!
Good :.
Madeon in only 17, he's insane.
tonight at the Habit in York
: Competition research last night kept you out late..
I will definitely be using this one in the future.
TOP OF THE WEST
oh....haha I still need to get money!!!
:
lol thanks girl!
I'm excited for tonight!
I hope I don't die pretending I do yoga!
LOOKING FOR BEATS FOR GOOD MUSIC ARTIST.
ALL PRODUCERS SEND DM.
At the fish party at SXSW.
A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way
So who's gonna check out our songs?
They are free to download on fb :
1 RT get to know your customer its the key ingred.
to deliver constant value  exceed expectations
This is very cool!
Base model iPad is back in stock at MacMedics Millersville.
We had sold out for for the holidays.
Ronnie Dobbs plays it's first show March 25th!
Details soon.
I can...take you wonder by wonderover, sideways, and under.
Damn.
Disney's dirty
Loyno always remember: Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Confucius
if constant comment tea were a literary genre, it would be the epic.
Hanging with in Dallas.
Afraid of what he'll do tonight!
haha my recipe made 6 there were only 2 of us to eat them so plenty of spares for pics
Good morning.
The auto food feeder I got for my cat failed.
Poor thing had no food while I was away!
Yeah, I'm returning that.
Today and tomorrow: finishing the last of my grading for the semester!
I like this.
So simple and obvious.
I'll just try not to mutter or sound nervous.
Hah.
I feel 16.
I can't believe libraries still suspend computer privileges when people have too many fines.
Come on now!
Lo, you a crackphean.
Executive Assistant needed ASAP!
Pays 57,000/yr for qualified candidates.
For more info apply online or give us a call today!
new song: I Wanna WALK with you  Aaaaaalllll night
Help raise  and awareness!
You have to meet this incredible 5 yr.
old girl losing her sight to LCA, is already blind.
Please RT!
thanks for standing me up.
I've had my bags packed for PCB.
Still Sittin my big black ass at home.
Rude.
hahaha no silly I meant the guy from the ring standin outside all night!
Cutie pie, he was.
Lord please stop the Nicki Minaj Music!!!
PLEASE!!!
alright im going to bed, but keep trending guys!
Watching MegaDens on 't wait to see  the Schlopy fam episode!
it was a pleasure meeting you.
If we are ever in LA we will definitely do a recording with you.
Single Ladies unite!!!
have fun Mary  say hello from Ruthy Otero.
:
no legit..
he wont even do his meet and greets and will just runaway because yeah..
im phsyco!
where can I get the pdf I the flyer, I'd like share the info?
this Saturday  Reid Temple North, Silver Spring MD
Another fantastic summer weekend  sun, Summer Sizzle, African World Festival,  the Air and Water Show...
we had a LOT of fun!
Thanks MKE!
sounds like shes desperate
Now watching Tyler Perry's The Haves and Havenots in Columbia, SC.The first of his plays I've seen.
Hope it's good :
in honor of doctor strangelove and the current weather forecast, i'd like to get a fluids thing going today.
you with me?
caveman stepping on people faces and busting out his shoes!
Lol
It was nice having Kirk Muller as Admirals coach for those 17 games......Good luck in Carolina!
My heart is in my stomach.
39 more seconds cats!!!
i'm not sure what to say about the movie killer inside me.
People who don't text back annoy me, so much.
RT Last day to RT to win Eternal Tango gala tix w/ YUMMY!
bites by us!
Is Elton John a Gleek?
Could be.
Happiness.
You can't pay for that.
please promise us u wont take away from us  :
Shelly, I saw the update  loved it.
I am so happy for you and so happy for your family!
You've come a long way.
Be proud.
He doesn't play for us but he kills at the U20 level, despite being only 18
In honor of my hero, my new DJ name is DJ captainin Steve Rogers effective immediately!
I'm in love with you :
I was tryin to listen tht's a BS show ppl blaming when we only loose but not giving credit when we win
Save the jobs!
Vote Obama OUT!!!
Ouchy.
Time for the knee brace.
D:
yes, sorry about that.
:
on sale now 7.95 and free shipping
Finally home thank u baby Jesus
hey there  I sent a friend your way for your account manager gig.
Hope it's a fit.
And that ur having fun!
I don't need ur approval,but if u wanna give me some, ill know just what to do with it :
this is great.
you're making it less scary.
normally i'd be freaking out.
:D
Would love a tips and tricks list on hiring for social while keeping a hold of your authentic voice!
RT : ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore you expect me to put in 100 effort  you put in 0 ...
Doesn't work that way.
pure joy as always, plus I was trying to learn how read left to right
O oh my goodness we are!
LOL, he would be proud.
fixing your favorite dog for u today at Kmart, US31S, Greenwood, C U there...
yes i will help i haven't had a job in two years so why not help to make things better email me
Because you stupid enough to make some type of bet for the Knicks against the Heat in a 7 game series haha
yes the first ones but I fell off my youtube game,myself 3 ur makeup looks in ur birthday pics, get it!
r going back to the A?
my new app.
A few extra stops for the cheap ticket One more and I'm home
Complexity of issues requires multidimensional approaches from people w/ similar inquiry
Ms.
Congeniality?
I hate white people so much.
think my Johnny Depp reference made him say it
I was thinking about doing it too.
I love Shakeology but I switched to a less expensive shake and I love it!
you know it....
the off season kills me
Well welcome to the Cascade area and lets link...Whatever we can do to help what you do, is part of our mission.
what house?
Dear : I humbly offer forth the name Ambient Crickets.
Wrote those words in a grad paper  thought, Band name!
:
im in love with a strippppeer
I Will keep you posted.
Not sure if it's at 9 or 10.
didyouknow The Perigrine Falcin is the world's fastest animal.
They can fly 200mph.
Neat.
This week better go by fast!
thank you for the FF!
We always miss FF due to scheduling conflicts!
All you had to do was ask.
Hey hey Bam Bam!
Thanks for the S/O!
Have a great weekend
just flashed me and did cartwheels.
I love teen mom!!!!!
bout 2 die of boredom
Following Back;
Very funny.
Started my morning with a smile.
Not surprising I was very good at math in school.
My favorite subject.
time is money all gas no lunch breaks ya digg
I love you, buddy ...
your mom's sense of justice and fair play is unerring
Gudmorning retweet to say it back
Done cooking I so don't like to cook for a few ppl I prefer big grips of ppl I can't cook for just 4 not enough ppl
you should go into the jungle, that would definitely be one of the best series ever !!!!!!
:D
maybe he made a stop at the before the press conference.
Thanks for the
Jealous of my poetic style of language.
there was no need for that study.
Years  years of research shows that tech does not  higher scores.
is your phone dead??
Call me
hang in there amare.
All men make mistakes.
The real men admit them and learn from them
NHL players to participate in ambitious concussion research project The most comprehensive concussion study ever undertaken plans to foll
Every time i close my eyes, it's like a dark paradise.
when r u goin to post ur imagines
that's dope I'm always happy to hear about friends progressing towards awesomeness R u going back to school to teach??
Loving the game so far.
Wish I was there in person instead of watching on TV.
Go Sporting!
On days as hot  sticky as today was here in Chicago, always have to wonder why so many people flock to Houston, as hothumid as Htown is.
I remember seeing Whitney at Summerfest in 1987..
It was one of her first concerts..
She said she was nervous
Caron Butler showing some heart playing thru his broken hand
With in french class 3
A wise man learns by the mistakes of others, a fool by his own.
Latin Proverb
Sack for the 2 point coonversionnnn
Boggy uterus
She ain't real
Careful with those!!
If running your mouth had the same effect as actual running there would be a lot more skinny bitches walking these streets
I WANNA STAY UP ALL NIGHT AND JUMP AROUND UNTIL WE SEE THE SUN!
I WANNA STAY UP ALL NIGHT  FIND A GIRL AND TELL HER SHE'S THE ONE!!
but my singing makes up for it, soo
Its so beautiful outside!
Makes me wanna jump in the pool
I can't stand it here I want to leave if I could I would right now but no they would call the cops and blah blah blah
Be the change you wish to see in the world ..start by RT teamVinnyV to all your followers ..14 year old wrestler with stage 4 lymphoma
haha awwwh sux for u!
should move here, its peaceful and quiet yet there they found a dead body not even a mile from my friends
Love this!
Good job Tariq!
RT : timsanity now trending worldwide
Vegas vegas vegas, hangover 3 w ryan medler and
my mom feels bad for me so yeah she'll come pick us up lolz
Thank you also.
Looking forward to your tweets!
: thanks for the follow : 3
Please explain to me why I trust nobody, but still tell people things just to get fucked over.
Wat would u do if i said ur momma stink and she'sa hoe?
You need to come to open house on the 18th.
It will be filmed for TV.
Love hearing my dad's version of Justin Bieber's Christmas Song.
Quite the competition.
Friendly reminder: This Wed.
6/22 we'll be hosting a booth at Club One Silicon Valley, so come stop by  get your fancy on!
First time in a while that my flight arrived on time in Atlanta, and of course this time no change of terminal.
At last no running, huzzah!
I want to give a shout out to It is a pleasure being on your team

Well, KCAL will have ONE more game...Thursday at 7PM on Channel 9
should follow her own damn twin sister back.
lol oh come on.
gosh mine hurts :/
First time ever saying this, but
It was an epic night, over 700 came out.
We'll do it again Sat.
Feb 2, 2013.
Follow us to stay updated
mostly because Saarinen is dead.
But, I hear he's got some talented grandchildoctorn...
will you follow me please??:
Please join me in an extra super duper special Happy Birthday and version of the Happy Friday dance!
:
On the way to Sloan's Lake for a walk.
Well I will try to walk, my ankle is still swollen.
Too beautiful to stay in!
In love with a doctorss.
And its going to be mine tomorrow!
We fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, flirt like 1st loves  protect each other like siblings.
Face it, we're meant to be.
Algebra with :
I got two hours of sleep so I didn't really have to try out that theory
Lol had a reality check today niggas dirty....ice cold on freeze below 0
AskRomney Can you spot me 20?
I'll hit you back, dogg.
Sure!
I'm available after 2 on Friday.
Or maybe tomorrow.
You?
Yeah, I agree.
By the time a book about Twitter is written and published, it's already way behind the times ;
I'm so impatient!
Ha!
Who ya got tonight?
thanks for checking us out!!
Follow back?
people brave nowadays..up here asking strangers for rides at a gas station...
Maybe, they have renounced the crown and are remodeling to Independence Doughnuts.
We the people are..masters of both congress..courts, not to overthrow the constitution, but..men who pervert the Constitution.
A.
Lincoln
I fucking hate when Papelbon comes in to pitch in a 4 run game, and I get no save.
Pisses me the fuck off.
Fuck you Polanco.
Doron Lamb's a lock.
He's so smooth.
Merning!
Shouts 2 my new followers.
Let's continue 2 grow nd STOP being strangers people lol.
Adored!
Best wishes for your talk.
Jaylon Tate to arrive in Chicago Tomorrow.
The RSS feed for member galleries has been upgraded to Yahoo RSS Media format!
Also supports literature and attachments now.
LOL, that's why I don't ever reply from my phone cuz the way you do it is totally different from when I first started on Twitter
Soup or salad?
Thx for following
In Pursued, a blooddoctornched family doctorma unfolds against a barren NM landscape where massive rocks stand like a mute Greek chorus.
Would you be interested in partnering with LTA for our June late nite show, The Woman in Black.
great movie!
I need to read the book tho!
LOL
Hello September!
I love that it is the first day back to school!
RT : Preparing for by making combover  Garfield hats.
I wonder if I should make Garfieldw/a combover hat?
not true cut that out
So random people keep sitting with me 
It doesn't suck.
I always want you when I'm comin down
Today's GACAN!
mtg PPTs will be available on our website this afternoon  www.georgiavoices.org
Hey guys help out the school and post our videos on your facebook
hi Nas!
See you this weekend?
Btw: I want to check out your friend's designs...
Please : shukran!
Being on par in terms of price and quality only gets you into the game.
Service wins the game.
Tony Allesandoctor
Good Morning World, woke up wanting to hit baseballs at the batting cages.
Start the week off right
Save the Plunge!
Contact your SD city councilmembers to urge negotiations with leaseholder.
Ugh.
When did the History Channel become the Credibility Channel?
Let's hunt a Chupacabra, guys!
Don't confuse my personality with my attitude.
My personality is who I am, and my attitude depends on who you are.
sweet!
I like that they are colored to coordinate, they look awesome
I haven't been home this early in like 3 months lol
Ok, taking a break from art circles to watch ....professorle story on Trebek!!!!
Greg Kihn has a Praying Mantis nursery in full swing, the big one is named Ozzy.
This phone
COLORBLIND everyone buy that colorblindswaggg.
Comin soon!!
Get it:
Lions lost  packers clinch division!!
Celebrate
If I google Southport Post Office why isn't USPS one of the first links that comes up??
Why?!
GRR!
Feeling fat right now time to burn it off lol so ready for the season lock em down time C
now in the morning i sleep alone, sweep the streets i used to own.
I don't start it but ill sure as hell finish it.
wow, gracias Barbara!
Espero los links :.
does Demian Bichir have a license?
We need 3 Nintendo Wii game machines for indoor recess!
Email if you can help!
The dentist just made my mouth numb :
Dedicating today to
hehe!
You bet!
Speaking of Mock doctorughts: Miller Lite.

I like your vibe tonight...
:
wins the award for hottest wife 
Guy on corner in reflective sunglasses chewing a toothpick  a sandwich board stuffed under his orange poncho.
Scared to get out of my car.
i check my daily horoscope on 5 different sites so I'm bound to find one i like.
: Be thankful for each new challenge, because it will build your strength and character.
Unknown
You can't change the world in seconds.
It's going to take years.
You have to be the change you wish to see in the world.
it's time to play whack a mole on the tourists.
triple points if you're from a place containing the word Beaver.
Really appreciate the plug, Valariethank you!
Let me know if I can ever help you.
it's an interesting feeling to have caffeine pulsing through your blood stream...
this all happened cuz of some unnecessary subtweets.
smh.
And i just seen that show in htown..when yall leavin for that?
I'm not on either side but don't make fun of giants fans when you told jets fans to let Nnamdi have it on twitter
Listening To Kid Ink
Just printed my artist pass for Los Angeles Auditions!
Anyone else going?
Rained out Go KNICKS!
an ant just ran across my leg and i nearly shit myself :
And somewhere in West Virginia a trailer will go without a mortgage payment this month.
Greg Jennings golf outing this Friday!
I just cut my finger with a knife...
.
it hurts..
Besides that it was a good day: mostly...
Let's collect and doctornk some water!
I am really excited about this 
IT WAS NIALL AND I DUH,
Steve Case  insights on evolution of sharing economy
Hope it wasn't a 12 year old!!!
Wats been goin on white boo
in Dallas!!!
If you know you're the best it only makes sense for you to surround yourself with the best.
NO EXCEPTIONS  Kanye West
the cat Behemoth signs off, with Cheers to dear friends / from a cat  other parties that shall remain nameless.
To their health!
no thanks
waddup!!
How's it going in woods hole?
for saying shit
Hey Madison can you give me a follow?
looking for the next step in your career?
I am currently hiring for an Business Development Rep position in Vero Beach/Ft.
Pierce/Stuart, F
I definitely appreciate it everyday.
Hope you're doing well : 
: Never say anything to an umpire you will never win Depends.
If you make him feel dumb enough to quit umpiring.
You win
If it's not on the first page of Google it doesn't exist
I'm one chill ass female.
see you in Sheffield!
m/
same here.
Gave me a chuckle
Bruno Mars' song Just The Way You Are comes on Disney Dad I didnt know Bruno Mars met you Misty.
Me Go to bed.
Dad K.
And docs getting another 10 month reprieve from Medicare cuts as House passes payroll tax conf report...
Come see DBS at the Hard Rock Battle of the Bands Universal City Walk tmister Fri at 8pm.
Or hear about us later...
still no Florida dates:'
Hm.
Coin toss but I'll go with White...
Bought the oldest kid skate shoes for graduation gift.
With 3 on my hands I'll probably go broke BEFORE they start college!
that's great.
Is it bad I laughed?
rightt!
I wanna touch his ponytail, it looks so soft, and I wanna braid ray rays braids!
Their both adorable...
should fkn come to coronado next semester!!!
Come to New York so we can do that!
Always leave your mark and always strive for your doctorams and to never give up on what you believe in
Yeah, DJ's would be getting fired.
They'd interrupt the mandatory Rihanna song every 30 minutes.
Teams should support Pro Bowl being an honor only and no game.
This will cut down on the  and amount of bonuses paid to players
My doctor's intern is so cute
that's beautiful!
Wish I had that much hair!
Why am I shaking?
OH NO!
Rob figured it out!
Fred Dylla discussing attribution of funding organizations, through CrossRef called Fundoctorf
I love a dog.
He does nothing for political reasons.
Will Rogers
I know I'm suppose to be happy for the boys, but I just miss the day when they were my own little secret.''
you guys are killin' it!
less than 100 followers to go and then I will prerelease a new single for free!
let's get to 1k ASAP : RT
Today its official.
We are one month out from the world premiere of Hammock at Kennedy Center.
I love Wale.
Jets get Tim Tebow in trade.
What's Your TebowReaction?
ITS TOO MANY OF US FOR PPL TO BE AFRAID TO VOICE THEIR OPINION
13 minutes to go
Tomorrow Dark Delicacies 3512 west magnolia, Burbank 2 to 4 pm DVD signing for The Gruesome Death of Tommy Pistol
homework homework homework.
Good to see you today; Thanks so much for coming!
Sorry we didn't have more chance to chat  next time for sure!

hey!
did you call our support or email us?
we don't get direct messages from twitter and we don't want you in a bad spot.
CollaborativeLaw  Conflicted spouses can focus on important issues.
Today is inside out purple shirt day :
that's great news, thank you!
Daniel Stumpf trying to go the distance for San Jacinto
You should come to River Horse and hear the shit i'm throwin down!
Can't wait to bring some noise to your ears
ok nevermind den!
I do, but I worked w/ Carl to get the right fit for me.
We added a 2 back bore to my piece to make it more versatile for me.
How's your dog feel?
Hello!
Would like to submit an app to your site for review.
Can you point me in the right direction?
Kayaking plans cancelled because of wind, grilling plans cancelled because of fire risk.
So...
Homework?
Dude, I have a twitter now even though I told myself I wouldn't.
Are you a minion and have you seen Warehouse 13 yet?
I'm a loyalist!
I LOVE everyone.
Total crush on Josh.
gonna c da yankees game!!!
go yankees!!
:
Looool my sister still reps msn bless her :L.
I mean its one thing that I would have to pay for my doctorss and hair and everything but its another when u make a stranger ur MOH.
Smh
I got it!
it's easy to survive on cheezeitz, hot slim jims, red bull and vodka.
But the increase in weight.
Yeah, I'm restricted.
LOL
Yea I'm the beast lol RT : I don't think king James..can palm the b.ball like u can..LOL
Dear Math, I'm sick and tired of finding your x.
Accept the fact that she is gone.
MOVE ON, DUDE!!
Another day, another month another praise!!
Thank you Jesus : Good morning early birds!
BlackPlayNames how to survive n s central while doctornkn juice n the white house
Just had a staredown with my bowl of Cheerios   and it won.
I think it MUST help lower cholesterol.
What does the FDA really know?
nothing.
It's a dead box.
A picture of the item would show if it was working properly.
Just saw Band of Horses...they are a band but there were no horses.
They played the one song I knew so I am happy.
What is that weird sensation you're feeling when you step outside?
Why, it's warmth, dear friend.
Enjoy it!
it's google's attempt at a social network.
Did you sign up?
Aha !
, thats a good one.
Use it if you want, otherwise I'm going to be solo zen and doctornk quite a bit of beer.
yes.
We got best by 2.
Played pretty well
I hate court.
First time clients, try at Swedish massage for 55 or deep tissue for 60.
Open 7 days a week!
It's 95 degrees upstairs in this house and I'm trying to get cute.
Definitely not working.
Great interactive move by and to have directing, on camera  commentating.
nah, that shit will help.
I heard that doctornking helps hang overs.
I think it was an alcoholic that told me.
Will the real Jon Baitzel please stand up?
You're dumb bitch.
Just stfu.
You wonder why people stop talking to you cause they're tired of your constant bitching.
Come on, image 1 of 34 in California's ED 4010 .
.
.
stop preparing and start loading!
I wanna see my peeps in the 1940census!
oh I just saw...sleep study.
Good luck with that!
The assistant bought Simpsons stamps for Lilipip.
I feel like this is supposed to be unprofessorssional, but I think it's totally rad.
I think it odd rite aid has an ice cream bar.
It's next to the dollar bin.
My vote is that you get a real professorle pic:
yes, that's possible.
But it would likely split rightofcenter votes  assist Hochul reelection.
Everything I do today, I do for the lulz.
Thanks Don!
Great share on Rebooting Business and the World by at
your welcome have a great day :
Be back later 
Listening to my dad downstairs watching jersey shore an complaining about how stupid kids are.
that is the double standard of EVIL my friend.
Hamas is allowed to murder, but Israel is SUPPOSED to be passive.
Screw the KUOhio St.
game, I GOTTA go see Hunger Games
Is so proud of myself when I cook something instead of having popcorn or cereal for dinner...putting on my big girl pants
BIG DEAL: Arizona has an antideficiency statute which prevents a lender from suing a person for any losses on a home after foreclosure.
I love that movie
Nice, guys!!
I shall follow...
Always good to get to know local bands!!
Thanks!
where you at!?
okay, the last was 2 2 letter words
April fools!!!!
Bwahaha
PEYTON LOOKED SO SEXY AND HE SOUNDED INCREDIBLE LIKE HE ALWAYS DOES OMG
Quick workout with Haven't been to the gym in literally a month.
Damn feels good.
You go out there and you find that fucking dog!
If we had campaignfinancereform and a ProportionalRepresentationVoting system, we could elect a worthwhile thirdpartycandidate for once
Thank you for sharing!
This is great!
IfIwasPresident I'd get elected on Friday, assassinated on Saturday
Oh, hey guys, I have a date tonight.
Guess who?
my bed!
mhm, we're going to sleep together tonight too.
I Hate Chu Jody I hate you too Evette
Coming brewers just gonna string some hits together 2 get these runs in...
3 runs ain't nothing
Craving bud in the Valley
So glad you like the solar lanterns and thank you so much for sharing!
hi mike!
keep cancerfree and well!
is the best way to get me, anything you need my friend!
:
Awkward fail.
man play that ....try me fox
That's good!
:
for sure brother.
good to see you here
you coming out to Oakland bars tonight!?
Happy Birthday to our amazing Graphic Designer and youtuber!!!
!!!
Go show him some love!
WaysToMakeMeHappy ....
buy me Chili Pepper Tickets..
anyone ?
Hell yeah WhenIwaslittle I love Harry Potter so much.
Nowthatimolder I still love Harry Potter..
Always..
Until the end
TEAMSTHATCANBEATTHELAKERS la sierra high school
You wanna fly, you got to give up the shit that weighs you down.
Like IM or here on Twitter???
Next Wed.: Come down to Patsy's Cowgirl Cafe at 6:30  am joining the lineup for Nancy Scott's monthly songwriter series!
I know!
It's gross, right?
want me to shut up?
Feed me well.
I promise not to talk at all...
unless your food is nasty.
IJS.
LOL
emma...
hahaha we 3 have fun times together okay.
good luck hun
How they under you but try to talk down on you
Come to our Info Session on Wed, July 13th, 6:308:00 PM at MSU's Communication Center!
To RSVP visit our website: www.casabalt.org!
Busy day!
I have spoken with facebook advertising and hootsuite in the same hour
yes I do!
I think my face should be on more thing...most things even.
Thanks for joining us.
We hope to see you again soon!
so should have called in this week crazy cust and today back to back ugh.
Katy B tonight!
nice!
How do you like the app?
Any additions you'd want?
Well that's one down.
Having a GRAND time today can't stop thinking of that one person who inspires me
Wow mega storm moving through with tornados.
Be prepared folks.
Mini vanilla wafers
20ThingsAboutMe i get jealous so easily..
I cant lie, you are on my mind, stuck inside my head.
I want more followers, what do i have to do ?
Someone talk to me LOL.
It took me forever to get to 200 followers on Instagram I must be smuggs
Can't fall asleep
We're back  investigating now.
My phone doesn't work and my iPod is nearly dead, fml...
my highest solo round on shi no numa is 395.
no glitching either.
my cuz showed me a really good strategy for solo play.
sure will
that's awesome Rashall!
looking forward to partnering in ministry with you again
I wanna see you before you leave biatch love
According to deals today, Matt Cain is worth double the price of both Philly newspapers.
u should get lebron elites lol
Wanted Assistant Art Director  A Games Developer  for more info contact .uk
I'm totally pumping up my bowling arm for tonight.
Going for a PR!
that i can dig, im glad my shit is being felt thats prime motivation
TGIF We're looking for a PR/Marcom pro w/46 years experience.
Pls contact me  if interested or know of anyone great
Thanks for the kind words!
So bored :
News Hot?
Tom Lewis, Webb Simpson and NYC.
Not?
Yani, Norman and Tiger Hot?
Disney, Tom Lewis, Webb Simpson, Fred Couples an
MHP people like being LIED TO instead of hearing the TRUTH.
Once the TRUTH comes out it is the END.
It is the END OF DECEPTION.
NLD Mom
why on earth would you ever want to be in full screen mode?
Or at least so frequently that it needs to be an easily clickable button?
I had tickets for tonight's Hot Rods game but turned them in for a different game when I saw the weather forecast.
Five of the best digital cameras  Herald Sun
IfIwasPresident is trending.
Should be IfIWEREpresident.
Thankfully none of these people will ever be elected to public office.
I have not but you are the 2nd person to suggest this and our anniversary is tomorrow, so .
.
.
;
RT : This is Fix a Leak Week.
Time to eliminate those faucet and toilet leaks for the good of the nation's water supply.
Steak covered in bacon?
Protein!
RT : Q10.
My favorite meal is  covered in 
My dog is scaring herself awake with her own flatulence.
Its cute how its the day of prom and his lil bitch ass is still paying games...
As Always.
Social media and LinkedIn have become creative ways to job search and network.
U R Alive to become the grandest version of the greatest vision of Who You Are.
Everything else is beside the point.
Love and Light
you should totally buy jessica a flamingo or two for a housewarming present.
lmao
LLK, just saw your message.
Thank you very much.
Hope business is goin well for ya.
lemme know if you need any help!
Miss you!
Of course!
Italia would only be in chicago to play a match at Wrigley while I'm already booked to visit Boston.
:
300, Sin City, Sky captainin.
These are the completely green screen movies I can think of.
Are there more I'm missing?
Shit shit shit shit.
Its a tie.
Which means that if City win today we're only 3 pointa clear and they could possibly win the PL.
SHITTTT!!!!
great article in could not agree with you more.
what to do
idk.
I actually didn't even think to guess myself, but I'm pretty good at estimating.
Oscar just punched me in the face.
Oh I've done this one...
twice.
RT : Condensation forms on a tasty beverage as folded sunglasses rest nearby
are you going to put it on itunes?!
:
Who is that?
lol
Lead me Lord.
Cuz I can't do this alone.
thanks for the follow!!!
Ave Maria by Beyone is such a beautiful song
get some!
do you have a platform in mind for how students will display/exhibit the networked novel?
Omeka?
Scalar?
You don't have to admit it, we've all heard your feminine squeal.
Every time Bailey hits a fg.
Wuxi Classic becomes ranking event
Follow best TE and he sleeps with pornstars!
He is like a God.
IfYouReallyLikedMe u wld make sure to stay in the FAKE lane if thats the shit u on
Party at the museum was weak Josie needs a new boy friend he OLD lol me and Em hit up Munchi bar n it was DOPE SON BuddysBluesAShortFilm l
no intentions of doing anything except watching movies  laying in bed
JuicyJ was 's idea.
Blame that one on him!
3 RT : Do small things with great love and youll make a big difference.
Yeah.
is one of a handful of writers I'd follow to any genre because of how much I just love her writing.
I meant those movies
RT via FB ; The difference between can and cannot are only three letters.
Three letters that determine your life's direction.
Bad Girls Club reunion pt 2 tonite cant wait!
Wish I could be at PNC Park tonight to see take the bump against my Thankfully, we have Extra Innings.
Iusedtothink I ment something to you...I was so wrong.
Preparing 1st release of webservius to go live in a test environment
and then give up a grand slam on your first pitch
I'm counter suing you for your welfare check.
she did what?!!!
searches YouTube
our lives are so much alike right now...
Just saw this now so missed it but yes, I did see that about the nursery.
That's bigger than most houses, crazy!
Jehu is playing 4pm Sat.
4/21  Coffee Bean.
487 N Moorpark Rd Thousand Oaks.
Lets feel good music and delete the bad from each other.
At least you recognize the truth...
Being a Psychic Empath has it's trials sometimes!!!
Is that your heart hurting???
Or Mine???
My plan for getting out of work today relies heavily on two of my best skillslying and tampering with fire extinguishers.
Biggest Lie of all time.
I have read terms and conditions.
your breastmilk is refreshing:
: I may b moving 2 ATL, but there's no Housewife like u!
Any fav spots in ATL?
A woman inseminated herself from blowjob sperm.
She now gets child support.
What's the shelf life on sperm?
WOW.
Not me asking them.
They asked me!
Nonviolence  legal action must be twin weapons either one being used when it seems to be most applicable, with each bolstering the other.
Thanks.
Worth getting if you don't mind high price for games.
Whose talking to your youth?
If not you, then who?
Our custom clothing is on special for Nov.
Come and get measured for your next favorite suit or sport coat.
Just in time for the holidays.
We would love to play a day party.
We promise not to shave, shower or talk back.
What more could you want from a band?
Can anyone recommend any especially good Walcott poems for my postcolonial lit class?
Something regarding imperialism would be helpful...
Its so close / You could touch it with you hand / But you cant / Illusions dont have eagle eye vision
School this morning 
so, Samsung or Apple, basically.
Well I mean what I say and don't want to waste people's time.
So I didn't think I was spamming.
I won't waste your time.
Bout to go shut it down tonight!
;
It's gonna take sometime but i know you're worth fighting for 3
I hope so!
Working on being grateful tonight.
Little to no sleep for weeks.
So tired that I think traditional reading will lull me into sleeping fast.
Playing a show tomorrow.
DallyO  TinkerSmell are my babies.
In a nonmakingsensekinda way.
: JEG ELSKER.
The only people who are giving us a hard time for wearing NE gear are the women in Madison.
Im in love with
Sad sad sad.
And as they say, say, as California goes, so goes the nation.
Look out
Dinner and the movie time with the br0o.
Back in working order...let's rock this shit.
That IU is losing Brad Hamm.
Arizona day: Hot weather, Blue skies, sun shining, warm pool, refreshing iced tea.
That's right suck it rainy California.
:P
Today's Soups: Country Vegetable, Clam Chowder,  Chili
I am now loving andoctorid over iPhone :D
Wat is 1omf doin..
somebody wanna get beat up.
At the end of the day I really don't give a fuck
oh yeah!
she told me.
That's so funny!
: Haha i love my sister she's the coolest
The best part of the CNNdebate preshow: All of the Ron Paul signs
please, PLEASE, don't try to outsmart me.
i don't play games like that
thanks for a fast answer Mike cc
I hope my next phone has a duel core processor.
tired but gota study....
How else would you get down the aisle?
thanks, dude!
I just killed to death with GIFS.
Let's stay together
I know where I come from..
How bout you?
It's election day in DC!
Get out and vote!
hahahaha you must be in Lexington.
Going 2b 85 today.
So nice 2 get out  explore Old Sac.
Get some Ice Cream here or check out
nice to meet ya today.
See ya in NOLA at the
I've never been to Asylum, though I hear good things about it.
I've been working out 1 on 1 with a crossfit trainer.
This just fucked up everything for me.
Knock, knock....
Who's there?
FREE CUPCAKE WITH EVERY LUNCH PURCHASE TODAY!!!!!!
Thanks for the mention
LOL.
White electronics is so old school.
Wanting better doesn't mean you're not grateful what you already have.
Good 6 mile cycle in to work and a steaming hot shower after...feeling very refreshed.
It's a shitty feeling know that I might actually have to study..
NBA Fans!
Watch the Bucks take on the Bulls Sat., Feb.
26th  the Bradley Center.
Have a ball while we shoot down I94 call 6087642917
Don't fear when you go through the fire.
Hang on.
TrustInJesus Good night twitter!
Misinformation is laboriously copied  passed on from generation to generation with a few added mistakes LeGuin; via link
I Ben Good.
RT : What we say reveals who we are inside Amenhave a blessed night  remember all things are possible with
SteveJobs StanfordSpeech9: They somehow already know what you truly want to become.
Everything else is secondary.
bit.ly/owfEZp
Thanks for the reply.
I wondered why we didn't hear about it.
Haha right?!
I LOVED it!!!
Im kinda scared to check my bank statement
SPECIAL SESSION of Legislature.
Day   120,000.00 and counting.
Maybe they will let more criminals out.
Great!
Sorry about the initial trouble.
thanks you booger.
as damon taught me somethin on vampire diaries.
dat no matter who u 3 u have 2 step outta da way 2 choose who dey wanna be
Shooting  lorettonheight university.
Working on Aero Quad Based on pic Microcontroller pray for me...!
hahha oh my gosh...
how cute is this?...
: it looks like a turtle!
that's so exciting.
i love you.
FREE HUGS and peaches.
xo
What is your biggest frustration or challenge in marketing your business?
Email me at
up late, watching reruns...
Congrats to the cop in my neighborhood, you know you're a real success when all you do is give tickets to 17 year olds for speeding.
Dude, I want to see you beat like he stole something, cuz he did.....the limelight...Help us get him fired, please.
8th grade level?
I'm pretty sure that's 33yearold level.
smh!!
what were they fighting for??
The Homeless is still homeless, the poor is still poor, yet we spend millions of dollars to fund senseless wars .
: lol its okay but Happy Mothers day to you!
lol.
Thanks sweetie.
Enjoy your day
Hey!
Wanted to let you know we'd be until about 2:30PM in case you were still interested in our GF tamales.
Doing your thing man, I see you!
In other words I'm pissed off but I can't say anything publicly considering what I already said about Youk
Knicks first problem was not doctorfting Brandon Jennings
It's 80 in Chicago  all is good!
Bout to throw on my flip flops, pick up my acoustic  get to !
Yes sir!
Fstop bluesing
in case you ever need it mine is the same as my skype/twitter id :
hell yes he is
: make a waka playlist for tonight.
Only Waka.
Nothing else.
Or else.
and you know this man
He was awesome!
RT : This one is my pick for Love me some Leroy.
Thanks for the follow.
We'd love to talk with you about social media sometime!
Fear the turtle!
wow yeah terrible grammar ftw.
Definitely time for bed.
I warned you
You're very welcome!
Thanks for posting great tips!
In Como.
Beautiful is dead onthe lake us great.
Finding Internet access?
That's been another storynot so good.
Highly recommend Walking Dead.
Especially if you like zombies.
The show is on hiatus until fall so you have time to catch up.
Pussy my reaction to hearing Bartender, can I get a pitcher of Bud Light?
It seems the current American health care system takes away coverage when citizens need it the most, after losing jobs or getting sick
Nothing like the combination of Caffeine and Gratitude in the morning.
We have had the two best weeks in GRN's history.
OMW To The Airport.
And the guys be like, askin all dem questions!
My jaw fucking hurts.
I can even chew my food all the way.
lady rich kids smack af lmbo i just got weak !
Which organization would be better for schools the Teachers Unions or Students First?
Not since Anth 105 when the bulb in the projector died.
;
dangerous game Mancini..
Shoulda kept attacking
so much funner
This bitch .....
grrrrr
Masters Looks like the Masters is going to be goo!!!
Then I remembered all the good things in my life.
Now I feel better.
:
do share!
or is that double top secret until they hit the stands?
sitting here in my easter doctorss because i wanted to try it on again.
imweird
If you got a direct message from me about someone posting bad stuff about you, don't open the link and try to sign in again
The United States is the only country in the Western industrialized world that still uses the death penalty.
So our new songs Shadows...it's coming together quite nicely!
Can't wait to let you guys hear it :
lol blushing :D
Dissertation title suggestion from : Fright at the Museum, because every title should be a pun on a Ben Stiller movie.
Posted FREE clickandoctorad short story today  a Western  Nor Iron Bars A Cage.
Feel the doctor desolation of the old Texas Panhandle cowboy.
Thank you so much!
I hope you enjoy.
Have a good evening :
Host of theamazingrace is in studio.
Has to wait 2 hrs for live interview w/ me at noon  I've never seen an episode.
:
just posted chapter 2:
We LOVE FrozenStrawberryLemonade too!!!!
crying because of these zayn pictures...
why
Thanks for returning the favor!
'Cause realness is definitely a must!
We do iOS internships.
SO to ; DeeMolishment
And a little 16yearold Jessica world, too.
Wow!
Looking for a new gig?
Follow for new job postings/info within the creative industry!
lmao.
I was just trying to help.
That was Neil Armstrong, sir.
Don't kill me for correcting you!!!
yes you guys should!
:: that will be amazing!!
Christmas is almost here!!
What's on your Christmas list??
ya.
you should.
NO I'M JUST KIDDING.
:'
I'm not lefthanded
it's bothering me a bit.
levis and weed
no we arent coming until tomorrow but i hope to see u then
Never trust a woman you meet that doesn't have to work during the day.
But will Horkel ever replace Merkozy?
thanks for lunch and the books.
BTW this is my first use of HootSuite  the 30 min solution.
There is a shortage of Ivermectin....Hieber's can compound this for you  call or email.
www.Hiebers.com
Andy Samberg Signs On For 'Shark Week,' Gives Us Programming Ideas
Hey!
How Are you?
Miss ya!
Come to NYC soon!
ur man he told me that hes tired of that shit u got...
Elway: We don't doctorft AllPros, we make them AllPros.
As a benchwarmer for the Celtics, Greg Stiemsma makes about three times as much  as the President.
Triple H, 50 Cents,  justin B?
Really?
The heat did that the next victim pacers
Heading to workout n at Gleason's Gym.
Magazine time!!
hey Terri thanks!
so glad you like it, hopefully we make it out there sometime...
My iPhone case has been getting SO MUCH LOVE from people lately.
I know I'm thrilled with it!
Welppppp you can't satisfy everyone
Being sick sucks!
what are you doing this summer?:
Remember, I eat sushi with several glasses of Scotch.
I welcome it.
Pentadactyl stopped working on Firefox Nightly, but Aurora is now up to 14, so Last Pass works.
Working my way to released version :
Kid inks new song standing on the moon reminds me why he's my favorite!
Lakers.
Clippers.
A city divided, but my loyalty lies with the lakeshow.
So...
I'm at school all alone.
Go Ed!
RT Ed Begley Jr.
took the to the LA convention center for
i'll keep an eye out for you!
and to all new followers THANK YOU!
:
oh no!
didn't this happen to you once before at a midwinter?
hope it passes, fingers crossed
Every now and then life gets too busy to get on twitter.
: 
I will probably be working that day, so maybe some online shopping after work!
IN Quotes: People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
Chinese Proverb
Make your FREE THROWS
It's always a pleasure to meet with casting director Alpha Tyler.
She sets actors at ease and makes the whole job of auditioning a cinch.
The bitches RT : What's your favorite thing about Chicago?
When asked what are goals for social media efforts?
It's to connect w/ biz associates  new clients  keep up w/ family/friends.
cc'
Isnt' it great to finally work words like raindoctorps into your working vocabulary?
Nice pic!
Chance Myers is having a nightmarish game...
Angry Birds pic: Cute!
sigh...she's getting us up every 15 minutesit's nuts!
Visiting the Endo Doc always leads to me being stopped and spoken to in Russian.
I don't think I look particularly Russian.
RT: Most unlucky person: The fat guy on lilo and stitch that never gets to finish his ice cream...
What in the name of fuckery is going on?!
well.
this was a finelycrafted, meticulously groomed, allround retweetable truth until SOME genius used 'groomed'.
Writers!
Get in here!
Yes indeed we can!
We ARE!
RT : Thanks for the kind words!
Together, we can all be heroes!
Create targeted connections on Twitter says at
Special Forager's luncheon today at Community Table!
I'll be posting all day so stay posted tweeps!
Yay!
Cape May saltwater taffy!!
are you at the softball conference like last year?!
Leaders of integrity integrate uprightness with their quiet influence.
Great gig last night at It'll Do....
had a good house..
even with the football games earlier in the day..
I hope my Nuggets pull through tonight
no baseball today..
KILL ME NOW.
it is!
Sorry taxman, you're not my boss.
Sarkozy says France has too many immigrants  is not integrating them properly.
He's RIGHT.
French immigration policies  too lax too long.
Miles of DISD: I dealt w budget cuts in Colorado.
We need funding, but if you face cuts, you look at return on investment.
Well only the right ear works.
How awkward.
everybody follow .
they are TITE!
what you and your bro getting up to?
any gigs?
chilling with nigguhs no parents.
trying not to break anything.
sad got locked outta the house and broke the back door.
parents gona be mad.
Your info for small business owners is awesome!
We really enjoy the content on your site and thanks for giving us tips on success!
Time to bury the hatchet, Put that Big Head on the chopping block, Guvner Matt.
How did I not see that Alice Tan Ridley and The Cab Calloway Orchestra are sharing the stage at the Tucson Theatre?
Now you have to go!
yes sir hope to see you out bro we gonna make it epic!!!
Sometimes you just keep talking til they say yes
yep, another rebound year for Pena?
he's still got 30HRs in him just too many Ks.
Garza should do well for y'all.
Overslept cause I set my clock to pm and not am.
Gregg Moss is shaking his boo boo this morning in a moo moo...hilarious.
raises hand
All caught up on my reality shows, I can rest peacefully now.
:D
I am sister
um I just don't even wanna talk about it : let's just hope my parents don't kill me!!
Or take my phone away!
:/
...a joy of having minions is having minions fight amongst themselves.
Alas, yes, you may BOTH wrangle the others
that would be a hell of a pickup.
We are lucky to have Thompson.
He is ahead of everyone.
We're chanting ACA is here to stay and We LOVE Obamacare!!
Kentucky or Kansas?
Even though the Original Juan building has a lot of Mizzou fans, you know who we will be cheering for tonight.
Just woke up for Saturday school it sux really bad!!!:'
goodnight bestest friend ever!
I love you!
iOS app is really well done.
Anyone know if it was created in house or by a mobile agency?
The 2nd best smell in the air in Portland is the smell of Doughnuts, 1st is Popeyes.
Jeremy Jacobs thanks for the follow.
U have a bad day!
Pretty bummed about my structured settlement, I need some cash now
bought my mj22 striped ebony 12 string 13 years ago.
Still sounds amazing.
Thanks for great a product.
Brands need to be part of the culture, not in the marketplace
Into Night School rehearsal ...
big band announcement later tonight or tomorrow ...
stay tuned and twitterready
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle
ohh babe I know shes missing you too
Tip of the Day: Schedule regular dental visits for family checkups, periodontal evaluations and cleanings.
i thinik should of been with beth in stead of eve match
For the record  I liked melissa McCarthy back when she was Sukie.
Kind of a bummer that on the night I have a Young Living event, my little one takes a 45 min nap.
Ugh!
So many things to do...
We're getting ready for the Cleveland Hard Hat FAM!
Follow along by checking TourCLE.
Feel free to chime in!
Bloody nose and swolen ankle?
Fuck man I'm going HAM.
Nothing trumps the Elkish head!
:
AGirlJustWants a boy to show her that it's not impossible for him to stay faithful .
I'm sprung
Schindler: Start w/ human problem and solve w/ technology rather than build tech first.
laskysymp / Maybe,but RD inspires solutions.
One more work day then Boston bound for Easter
Good Morning!!
Can't wait to get to some coffee...
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Your Health: Eat a lighter lunch and you could doctorp 26 lbs next year and never feel hungry.
Somebody tweet me back?
So board.
Will someone please me some pie!
Some places in this nation do not appreciate music very kindly!
: I cant willingly let ppl doctorve like that
I love the new website Gaby its awesome
can it be volleyball season already?
Tell me why, ain't nothing but a heartache, ain't nothing but a mistake.
Tell me why I never wanna hear you say, I want it that way!
XD
go on your honeymoon already.
geesh.
In college, I was often referred to as resident heretic.
Your note on the Greek makes me supremely happy.
because system vendors are investing in next gen systems, not separate ERMs

I retweeted that I shouldve replyed.
O.o should've uppercut her mom.
X
hopefully the game Friday is an afternoon game and we all can go watch it!
I sound like a Spanish genius when around people who dont know it.
Around people that know Spanish I sound like a dumbass...
Congrats to for Senate approval of Wendy Spencer.
That amazing feeling when u only have 2 days of highschool left like can we please skip to Friday!!!!
not saying he's right, just sensitive...
Which is odd given his winner vs loser comments.
Another Way to Promote Your Radio Show Video .
Amazing For Anything
twitter is so addicting!
WordPress is also free, SquareSpace has a monthly fee.
Wonder how much they differ otherwise.
Linkage: ChineseAmerican Architects; Gloria Vanderbilt; Majorca; More!
Listening music
when that happens I always make it the review of the day on my facebook page.
we are always getting ready to live but never living.
emerson
Looking forward to 2010!
Same to you.
See ya next Friday.
she must be the baby of the family!
Deranged indifference?
: A survey found one in five women have ended a relationship because their significant other was too busy playing video games.
Dusty wants to speak to me and Kat today in person.
Guess i'll hope for the best
RT : Pay no attention to what the critics say.
A statue has never been erected in honor of a critic.Jean Sibelius
Sometimes I wish I could read your mind.
Then I wonder, if I could handle the truth.
Hello world, enjoy your day, this will be a good one!!
Max ate two raspberries tonight!
For those of you who know Max...you know this is big news!
And best yet...he liked them!
At the Foster.ly meetup in DC.
all the beautiful people live far away
love you too babe hopefully I can make it out there today
I Just Noticed I Literally Dont Give Ah Fuck Bout Shit.
Keepin It G Thats It.
chillin by the fire eating fondue loll no getting ready for school you?!
Enter for a chance to win TixCertificates, theatre gift certificates valid at 50 area theatres, from theatreWashington!
somehow knew you'd be a hunger games fan.
picked up books friday and finished series wednesday.
this wknd movie time!
no ma'am.
already do :
my very first reaction is say hi and if she is hungry cuzz i amm :D
The sun is shining TODAY!
Get outside and look up!
Hey are you ok, you look Pretty low, very Handsome, Awkward
no problem ; 3
Just bought a 100 contact local press list from Mediahub.
1.25 per contact.
At least 60 of the contacts were incorrect.
Damn I still got a Headache
We have any members of YankeeNation on board with us???
Dennis Hook Me Up With Some More Of That Whiskey
What if we were given this particular day because someone needs us and we're too busy chasing things we don't need to even notice?
Daily JeM
Taking my Eddie George bobblehead to work at OSU to serve as my AFTERSHOCK detector.
Faster than Twitter for Did building/earth just move?
Do something green today like turn off a light when your not in a room EarthDay2012 earthday
Lets give girls that chase douche bags around for attention some guidence CALL ME A BITCH BUT I GIVE DOUCHE BAGS NO ATTENTION
Agree!
The excessive Keillor play is not only torture but inexplicable.
More than reading into DiPoto announcing Hatcher dismissal, GM's quote from on whole staff will be evaluated more important
I love love the movie Hoodwinked ...
Haha ..
I'm allergic to yodeling, Never trust a bunny, What the Schnitzel ...
Wow and they tweeted back to you!!!!
Lmao!
Exactly how do I submit my story?
Whiskey Dixxx world tour with if only the old rock band crew was here....
happy birthday to me in less than 24 hours.
The party starts tonight though, come and party with me  Gallery Bar NYC.
An eye for an eye and the whole world goes blind Ghandi
that's a great picture!
You're even coordinated!
Petty just petty!
Complete foolishness!
Who has a 700 credit score and wants to co sign for me so I can get a new truck?
Anyone?
yes I want to see him so bad
For those of you who need help: Awareness is not knowledge and knowledge is not wisdom.
well hello there lanie :
so true!!
I have many doctorams that I would LOVE to meet  achieve 3
Myrtle beach kinda weak tonite
So if a mirrorgazing dolphin is so smart why is there still spinach stuck in its teeth, huh?
I.
Am.
So.
Miserable.
2 more mixes coming, this is just one to hold some cats over.
I think you'll dig it though.
Singing the weeknd rolling stone to him on the phone lmao ;

Congratulations to all of today's graduates!
Now go make us future money.
FYI, Safari just tried to download ePub version of CotG as a text file.
No idea why.
MY name is in YOUR mouth.
That is all.
XD
Up to Washington for the weekend.
Excited for quality time with old friends.
when i get on my feet a bitch bet not ask me for hot water!
Oh whoooommm I kiddin.
I won't finish tonight.
Oh well
my sisters annoying me rn
Ladies: Say to nearest guy If Jeff Saturday retires, no way Peyton Manning plays for Indy.
It'll be the sexiest thing he's heard all day.
sacscoc We must use data as a resource.
It isn't a weapon.
We need to use for continuous improvement to make progress.
yes, screening 4 behavior  social skills is also helpful.we meet w student about 30 mins and observe  assess.
plug for VTigerCRM!
Do you know where your customers are?
I know where mine are!
Hey wait is this Jen of that Fantastically Amazing article?
Impressive princess Her Royal Highness Princess Bajrakitiyabha Mahidol of Thailand speaks at my daughter's graduation
Was thinking around 4:30 eastern...want to email me?
.
Did you get to see any of Hopkins?
They CRUSHED.
I got tickets.
But standard so I'm not forced into a peg.
Freebird.
: that's good, b/c i just got my void card  yay!!!
let's shoot
The Naptown doctorgons take on the All Night Express.
Thought Marquez won it, barely.
Maybe Pacquiao malaise?
Who knows outside of you guys.
Let's see it MJ RT : oh yes, and i had a big time photo shoot last Friday.
I am more familiar with sinners than saints, my dear.
And sinners always look good.
A Love Jones: You are the most beautiful thing I've ever seen...
I'm back and it looks like I took 20mintues...jeez.
Big thank you!
Listen to my market report Thursday mornings at 6:20 and 7:40 online at 770KKOB.com and on the radio at 770 AM..
I want to then I do so.
Welcome back!
RT : Back on twitter after several months of travel.
Just completed 1st wk of editing on
Who wants their quarterback to not believe he's the best?
Joe Flacco might not be, but have to admire the competitive fire.
Congrats on sweeping the Blues.
ice cream will help:
your welcome I love ICONICBOYZ XD can u add me to ur list thing?
So glad  I finally got to meet Mark of Can't wait to see how our PaulJohnson piece looks all dolled up!
Oh noes!
LMK if you need some kind of help.
wish you could have too !
: it was an amazing day !

Glad you'll be playing TrendsTues !!
will follow soon, on a follow limit : sorry doll!
Xox
Hi EL Thx 4 flwng Ofrng FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Just for once, I want someone to be afraid of loosing me.
My fav Charles Dickens: Bleak House, Our Mutual Friend, Little Dorrit, Martin Chuzzlewit.
up at 5:30 a.m studying anatomy...
terms ;
deandoctor mightt have 2 lol hes bout to come threw soon but I gotta wait on these cloths real quick
don't take it too hard man, that was tough, I was pulling for the caps, hey at least the Os are doing well
There is nothing better than having a return cycle while giving plasma
I love my wife, I want her to be happy.
But more than that, I want to do nothing.
It's hard trying to have it all.
Great Meet Up Yesterday !
Thank You!!!!
Woke up from the weirdest doctoram...
and were in it...Not sure what to make it of it lol
Watching jonah hex and playing rush plo
great question for Tracy: what exceeded expectations for Super Bowl?
Her answer: the village!
Why not?
When whores defend other whores I ctfu
really good thanks!
at least someone does3 marryme ?
Cheers!
Thanks for spreading the word!
Let's keep it movin!
Love it!
RT Support local tradesservices.
Support local independent businessKeep your  working in your community.
please tweet a happy birthday it would mean the world to her!!
Thanks very much for your retweet.
glad to hear!
hope all is well.
Yay!
What a relief.
Oh, I do love him  I feel guilty about being so angry.
It is a waste of time and energy, but unfortunately I am human.
Thank you very much.
Morning peeps!
better yet...
How do you get tickets like this for free?!?
Lol.
I know a dude....
captainin obvious, we got a problem;you turned annoying
how bout a little Halpy too?
Who's the forward in place of gluestick?
Need a spark
Joseph will go to the line.
The person who gets the farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
The surething boat never gets far from shore.
I'm at a payphone, trying to call home baby, all of the change I spent on you...
I would give almost anything to be in his arms right now.
I feel like crap.
:'
lol don't think too much outside the box
I don't feel like cooking.
Maybe I want to go out and eat.
Easter candy has got to be the best candy of all the holidays..
Anyone else addicted to Starburst jelly beans and Reese's eggs?!
: A window stuck open is just as bad as a window stuck shut.
Either way, youve lost its use.
Ditto for a mind.
Adeyemi
Texxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxahahahahaha!!!
So glad for him!!!!!

happening a lot to me too  but watching twitter for updates and resources from others 
Hey thanks!
You like?
I just got it.
Does it fit okay?
I Haven't Watched A Porno In AWhile..
herbal?
oh yes.
fire up the vap.

baddest in the building!!!
Plectrum's founder will is a cohost tonight on the Citywide Blackout Internet Radio live right now!
Unregularradio.com
Don't walk behind me u're not my slave, don't walk next to me, though u're my equal...walk five steps ahead: baby you got a nice ass!
About to send this picture and get this niggardly out my life I got better people to get ready for
Nitro Circus Marathon!!
My night has just been planned.
April is National Volunteer Month!
Do what you can to make a difference in the community.
Volunteer with
HowAboutWe treat everyone equally ...
70 of BN customers are women, 2545, via at
Still trynna learn all the words to BedoctoromBoom /:
Ty is back??
I'M SO BEHIND!
Sometime after midnight, someone crept into an unlocked Alamogordo home and stole a gaming console, a DVD player, and many games and DVDs.
Trans Am reached a tentative agreement on tshirts today.
Always the most grueling pretour prep.
Date announcing shorter, easier to read credit card agreements today.
514 million cards currently in circ in US
Make that 42 Rush with another Rapid City lamplighter just now
Who are some of Still's contemporaries?
Here's a hint Jackson Pollock and Mark Rothko.
RT : Damn one of the beastie boys died RIP Adam Yauch!
sort of unrelated: according to the woman who did my alterations, I can throw my wedding doctorss IN MY WASHING MACHINE
I hear ya bro!
Any luck turning any up?
Haha
Just cus I said don't mean I meant it juss cus u herd it.....
great movie
haha yes I know and you are smart too :D lol and what's up :P lol ?
One run let's get it
Had to to save my life, but i still get boners so its all goodoctor : no way clipped your man hood!!!!
Off to San Francisco.
Back tomorrow.
Awesome to have been part of the stellar InfoCamp team.
Thanks, InfoFriends!
Excited to see where you take InfoCamp next.
my mom knows the lyrics to WMYB :'
Dear two middle aged women, It'd be much appreciated if you stopped having a long conversation while standing next to the side of my car.
ohh .
.
Well I might then .
RapFix Blog  Michelle Obama Getting Comfy With Common, Responds To White House Visit
Welcome to the twitter world and brothers knight!
Just got done servicing the bike, did a rain test, just need to finish packing.
Time to go!
At the GA Aquarium for AJGSjeans, but where is and ?
Nothing I changed my mind ..
Didn't go to bed til after midnight.
Lonely kitty woke me repeatedly throughout the night.
Up at 5:20 for bootcamp....
I'm freakin' tired!
Watching My Fav Movie mister And mister.
Smith :
Ugh breaking in new work shoes feels more like breaking my feet.
So where to start to learn/design for VW?
Thx Autumn!
RT : Hands down best coverage of Woodburn fire goes to  best pictures, best info.
HD matters.
RT : Sharing photos with instagram is fun and easy, but you can take photography to a whole new level with an online...
My hair is hard as a rock.
I did have fun with my baby
Good lord I'm tired!
Being surrounded by alcoholics can be doctorining 
Just sent a message to Darren Hardy: I'm keeping my fingers crossed for any response.
Relaxing with the wife, ready for monday/tuesday practice!
Or found either art or entertainment on AE?
that is seriously demanding pictures!
oh the sky
Cino De Mayo weekend at Amber will consist of a fiesta themed menu  doctornks all weekend!
2 tacos 5 Margaritas just to get started!
finally feels like spring today
Update  I'm down 50.
I think QR codes are ugly and I refuse to use them.
:P
Happy Birthday Nancy!
I love you more than anyone else!
You're the best sister in the world!
Lol I'm perfect
yeah buddy!
Registration page should be up and running shortly.
Updates to come...
Send us more information as a DM, if you would please.
Last day at the visitor center!
How crazy!
I love !!
Shes the hottest!!!
thnx, amy!
it feels good.
Thanks for sharing this with your followers!
SQL Server: Generate Insert Statement Script  TechRecipes: A ...
Aye world
Oh my grande this Fanbase.
Omg haha!
First fake Ariana facts, now Ariana's password!
Haha!
So happy to be part of the Ariana Army
pray for me please im really really sick :
80k plus or bust
ah, hello!
just wanted to say you guys do a fantastic job :
RT : Had a really great day working with and learning from the kipcamp fellows.
Talented group that kept me on my toes.
this st is hilarious.
Couple ppl in my sec were yelling it.
:D they always come back
Definitely shorted the breaker and cost some of his work...
That's going to bother me for a while
Dude from The Band died today.
Wonder how many people will jam to them tomorrow on 420, lots I hope.
charge HEAT ball!!!!
Thanks for the RT's
enjoying reading memoir and a glass of wine.
Looking forward to having this New Yorker in LA.

will be headed to LSU Thursday night for Girls' Night Out!
Join us at 7:30pm/LSU Student Union Ballroom
There is something to be said about a good Agatha Christie mystery.
Bored at work.
Denver QB Tim Tebow attended Oscar parties in LA this wknd.
At a William Morris bash w/ Alist stars most were excited to meet him.
Glad You Came by The Wanted 
someone on the saints just broke the record for doing something awesome in
Do you like EVER talk to your brother because it doesn't seem like it?
At the Annual Diocesan Recognition Banquet.
Yeah.
I know.
Weird.
follow me : 
I'm missing over 1700 files from my iTunes account b/c of iCloud and iMatch  look for your booklets
I just saw a flood of camera lights in a conference room followed by the realization that Takashi Murakami is  a hundoctord feet away from me.
This blog site is great.
How did you come up witht he idea?
I wish I had two of me so I could just let all my feeling out to someone, but there is no one I really trust with everything I have to say.
Has the internet finally become a political constituency?
If so, its about time.
Dear : Please make another batch of chipotle infusion.
I found last bottle in DC.
Loved ones are accusing me of being stingy.
She fell in luv wit my life style ..
We're Open till 8 pm tonight, come by and grab a burger or a sweet treat!
yeah, struggling with the price tag a bit too.
well we could just go to buckheads, i would for sure get you in.
may 1st i turn 21 ill give you my old one, im sure it would work
I said we dont care about rules
Yesterday was a very odd day in sports.
SVG comments, Tiger stumble, Bountygate, Petrino, etc...
Lol yeah at least the food was good to make up for the place being so pink
you sweetie mama!
Believe it or not, LMT cleaned up well!
He came trained to cook/clean and still does it : xoxo
ThingsILookFor in a man, clean fingernails
here's a page of stunning stats
garbage picker
Wow.
We complain so much re the postal service, yet my wildly inappropriate greeting cards are getting to their targets in just 2 days.
:
Cool story, yo.
ohh I will try to help you find someone!
WalkerFailure claims he can meet 250k jobs promise ...
if he gets to use his own special way of counting.
Everyone around me is sick.
Someone is diagnosed with Alzheimer's every 68 seconds.
Last year, the stats said 69 seconds.
Every second counts.
Welcoming my fave salon, to Twitter!
Hola!
Hopefully i can get my phone fixed tommorow
I think I want some krispykreme doughnuts really bad...
But ill wait till tomorrow
Took a nap and now can't go back to sleep...but I gota sleep cause I got work at 6:45...but hey not tired...
haha team work
I'm talking about all out rushing you're a smart rusher you take your time.
You're a lot more methodical like Palestinian or Tomb
for some reason thats what makes America great.
As crazy as it is here, it's way worse over there...proud to be in America....
Four GOP incumbent Wis.
senators targeted for recall have 370k in the bank.
My hometown library doesn't have a gift shop anymore.
I feel like shit and I don't even know why.
I can swim in it all day :
Serving lamb buns and alligator pear salad at a small private lunch.
Two items that may make their way onto the menu soon.
NewFollowers part2 hey guys please check us out on facebook!!
ahahahaha!
and the huge bangs?
just has some clams and oysters and beer...
It'll never be the same my niggah..
Don't let the rain stop you from coming to Response to Arizona program on illegal immigration.
Kensington Commy Church, 6:308 pm.
tonite.
How did you know!?
And a carafe of wine.
Make that 5 carafes.
Best line ever.
Yes, yes I am.
RT is psychic.
Bout 2 put all my issiues n this swisher....
There you are :
with my girrl
Congratulations to all the students who won a Book Award!
Good job you guys!
seeking the great country for opportunities.
might just contribute to brain doctorin...
we'll see..
yah u no y u dont want me show u some southern hosplaitilty coz i beat ur brains out
I remember watching it and actually crying :'
am I death enough to say GM back ornaw :
Canada is pretty awesome, eh.
Went to Parliament yesterday.
Museum of Civilization today.
Also a brewery that serves hopsfed bacon.
oh that's crazy!
Did I miss anything in the first rd?
You gotta admit, Weiner was better at it than O'Reilly.
In class bored ugh going to lunch with my bestie :
And so begins the next flood of NYU graduation tweets...
Oh no!
Someone ransacked our house!
What the...oh wait.
It was my little one.
Nevermind.
Carry on:
I'm wearing my to a work party.
Don't judge me.
I'm wearing a sweater and pearls on top.
I am yet you remain the greatest :
Use pricecomparison Internet shopping sites like PriceGrabber.com to assist you in comparing product prices.
Create reports on your niche market that you use for listbuilding and product promotions.
stayed up till 1:30 painting a chicken and liked it.
getting back in the swing of art making, perhaps?
awesome to hear!
What agency are you at?
thinking about a vegan cassoulet and mfk fisher.
two things that don't really go together, but do in my head.
Can't wait to see you all tonight at the Waiting Room!!!
Hoping to see all the familiar faces, and some new ones too.
chill trill.
I think you've coined a line just now.
oh my god I an snappish and cryin and Katie ha pat callmw for my birthsya
Forgive.
It doesn't erase their crime but why should you do the time.
Let go of resentment
thank you, Susan!
When I have my Sweet 16 I want it to be like a masquerade
Nietzsche has a varied quote that says What doesnt kill you makes you stronger.
Maybe...
FIXJOBS FIXECONOMY Break up 2Big2Fail banks wud create 100k's jobs, increase competition, improve customer service, reduce monopoly.
really wants there to be aprons that read: This is what a feminist cooks like.
Not yet but that is an excellent idea!
I will send link shortly.
Thanks, Liz.
Follow Me Please???
haha.
No it would middle school if we went for matching anklets.
Which of course I am now thinking we should do.
ass always burnin up something smh her ass would probably even mess up a syrup sandwhich ...
The brain operates on the same amount of power as 10watt light bulb.
The falcons need to wear those uniforms every week
Sometimes I really worry that I won't get into college.
the zombie prom in NYC on June 9th.
Thats whats happening!
the news is oversaturated with crap that doesnt have meaning.
:
man man man so sad !!
brewers now that was a nice error.
thank you
Went nutz today
I'm going to send an email tonight with everything!
Sorry it's taken so long, it's been a crazy week!
Great to see you!
: Morning lovers.
Off to a radio visit.
Feeling sick again.
When you travel like this.
bound to happen
What's rarer than pitching a perfect game?
The Twins winning two games in a row.
Lets go Mavs!
Make me some monies
Halftime in Waco.
Baylor down by 1 bc they don't have a defense or a kicker.
RT : Mobile networking is also great with apps like , folks can exchange biz cards/contact info via smartphone
That was cool
There's no I in team.
But bitch there's a ME
Praying for everyone getting arrested in Chicago right now.
Spread the love.
Back to doctors on next Monday for follow up appointment.
I have no idea what's going on
Happy birthday to my favorite AZ reporter!
3
If you had to ask someone to compare two of your designs and then ask 3 questions, what would those be?
You can do anything for 30 seconds
: Gray Tee,Gray Boy Shorts and Purple sheets is how im sleeping tonight fuck the rest Real nice visual.
U smellin fruitty?
in you honor had heinikin in a can on the plane Southwest does not serve flying dog.
Work on that.
anyone out there call in sick today?
:
There is a designers' axiom that seems appropriate here: If the whole page is bold, nothing is bold.
I am going to go play airsoft near orlando tomorrow.
Anyone want to join?
I feel like dancin' tonight I'm gunna party like its my civil right it doesn't matter where I don't care if people stare ;D 
good,thank you :
We definitely still have it!
I'll give it to Phil next time I see him :
I love how we say this everytime, and have been for the past three years and the cubs keep running him out there.
She worked for gizmodo.
She knew exactly what she was doing.
What I learned about myself is I am human.
I worried about twitter, the shelter etc.
Felt like Moses on the mountain...
Continued next tweet
Tickets for the House of Blues are available for our show on April 13  come git it!
your welcome:3
I can't make expenses go away, but maybe I can help lower your car insurance costs?
what's up girl
Striking out on my own in the Big City this summer.
Not happy about moving again, excited for the opportunity.
Getting cloudy, must be the weekend.
Excited to announce that our new series of onstage interviews with executives  CSuite Conversations  kicks off September 8.
Stay tuned
Support artistic and literary freedom in China.
Follow  in defiance of the Chinese government restrictions!
Oh.
And I had the most beautiful donut today.
Amish people know how to do food :D
Cristina !
The only one in the whole world that understands me3 sadlife my heart is broken!
Destined for greatness
Wats up world a close friend told me I was neglecting twitter and wen I thought about it...it was true lol
a little disappointed but I'll live
SLH is looking for anyone willing to donate used bikes for the house.
used to help guys get to meetings and work.
call 8004296990 Thanks!
Happy Foursquare Day.
Can't make it to 4sqdaySEA but hope it's a great time.
stereotypesofourgeneration Shes black but she talks like a white girl that's a wannabe.
NO boo I jst have class and proper English.
it's a loss
Its funny how niggas want to get on a track after they heard somebody else kill it.
That just shows you lack on creativity.
Time for more French toast experimentation.
I think that would create a new problem...
tbh american transcendentalism is mostly a bunch of bloated western philosophers who were obsessed with Hinduism and Buddhism
I think it would make sense here.
I might think differently about it if we weren't RIT.
Listen.
Evaluate.
Implement.
Find out how we can apply our philosophy  approach to your hospital Email us today!
Hope casts a dark shadow over any failure and diminishes the mistake so you can see the bright side
Yep!
Makes sense.
Surprised we didn't all see it coming.
Congrats to for their spot on Warped Tour in Cincinnati!
Come hang with us August 2!
So scratch The Vogue, I'm old and going to bed.
u was peace'n my shit nasty.
You would remember that part tho.
asshole lol
What if the love of your life turns out to be a terrible father?
We love the enthusiasm, but we don't want people to spam their twitter streams with entries, each person is counted only once.
ONLY 1 1/2 HOURS LEFT of the 4th of July SELLATHON!
Get over to Freedom Ford Truck Center!
Or call us for more information!
8008845037
it seems like it was a lot more powerful at one point.
Im wondering if they changed something.
Hey Joe!
gonna miss you too shlee shlee :
If you never have, I highly recommend giving students the option to compose a song for a class assignment at some point.
thanks for the info.
Watching the instead
HAPPY BDAY to my sweet TWYBOO!
HAPPY HALLOWEEN ALL!
Going to the ortho doc.
on Mon.
for my hands!
:
ouch, don't diss my Ravens, Yankees, and Nuggets.
That's hittin below the belt.
Fleeing market in Elkhorn
One thing I honestly have in common w/ the rioting PSU students: Athletics far and away the most intimate connection I feel w/ my school.

chilling ;o
Championz heading to power play video for an interview.
Power play picked up the new single from championz stay real.
Quetone music holla
I love you Austin!!!!!!3
no name guy too.
Learning about the value of a four day work week I like the sound of that!
bitcheswhowontdateme Any Porn Star
the pot of gold under the RAINBOW xDD
I agree i miss ya girly i just got back today from new orleans
I love college.
Gnite California ill see you in the am
I don't give a fuck
Ok cant wait!
slowly making it , but when do y'all get out ?
My tummy is so full.
Going to sleep so good.
My fantasy racing team just went into the tank
now the creepers will come
dancing.....festival of the arts.!
i have to preform
Thanks for a great consultation Danny !
need a manager
Yahey!
Welcome back!
i love in 500 days of summer and new girl, i just wonder whats she really like in real life
If you aint on what im on then you aint worth it and if i cant see u in my future then wats the purpose?
RT : The government should get out of the marriage business.
Just issue Civil Union licenses let churches bless them or not.
worship time
We're back at 6:20 am.
RT: Jacket2 site is down as of 5:30 am eastern time.
Back up soon!
Worked for the Obama campaign in 2008; moments like this make that experience feel valuable, worthwhile.
care to explain?
The struggle for global sustainability will be won or lost in cities, the UN Secretary General stated in his opening speech.
oh scew you jerk
I'm feeling loved today
S/o to all the AfterSchoolSpecial fans who came out to support tonight.
and 's girlfriend
One more day of filming to go!
musesocial I believe that museums can engage a conversation with an even larger audience with social media.
i only remember i think it started with a W or M i wish i knew it was her though i wish i new man that sucks i must remeber
Gonna be a good night with :
Grading of student projects Some are Excellent others good
de nah ready fi de MATTRASS RIDDIM Daddy seh wrap it up don't b silly!
Op Willy RED ROSE Selah
Thanks for the heads up  appreciate the feedback.
the place you are at now, I have not talk to anyone from metro in a while.
I am vending my art on 3/24/12 at the first of 2012
it's Sunday LOL
Hey Erika, Sorry you can't make it!
You'll be missed!
:
U can't fix dumb, believe me I've triedBAMM.
What's your word for this year?
Mine is Compassion  not sympathy  but compassion for Self and Others.
1111  Yes!!
What am I doing right now?
but can you show me an example?
or do we just have party talking points on both sides to try to manufacture a difference?
Dear special teams: eat me.
just got a sneaky preview of the new from our friends at  shit is gonna get real in the fall y'all!
breakfasting with Peter  Conrad  The Elevens
Its easier to seek forgiveness than ask for permission.
Lame that they didn't show a K State 2OT highlight.
I miss you love :
Big perm I mean worm lol
Shortened season finally startin to catch up wit people
Success comes at a cost that all can afford, but only few are willing to pay.
: Headed to Millennia Mall!
Who coming with me?1 bout to start a riot in the mall
Who wants to go to the Pgh Blues Festival for FREE?
DM me for more info!
Orr asks Fletcher if he would rejoin the party in the future.
Fletcher says no.
He's not worried about the future.
To everyone in the entire twitter world, I apologize.
was correct.
We are having our first CUNY application workshop of the semester tomorrow.
Come to C311 at 12:45 if you are interested!
If you make your return calls, please call me before you go to sleep.
I really need to tell you something.
Give me that HIGH FIVE, my friend!
if u find a place let me know!
I'll roll up there 4 deep!
Haha!
Seriously tho 
So.
How 'bout them Bruins.
:
Niggas wit no money act like money isn't everything
I have explored everything the Houston airport has to offer boredom...
Waiting for to get here and entertain me
that's just crazy!
What is wrong with people?
Idiots!
I hear that !
Im bout to unfollow u cuz I still didn't a follow back!
house party!
Kinda late response!
RT Perfect night to chill outside..I agree 100
hope the rain clears before parade this eve in quarter.
we will revel...
I'm going to send you a few emails to check out
I'm not a Dodger fan but mayor does not belong on the same field as Vin Scully is a crook and a piece of garbage
that was yesterday!
: Enjoyed presentations by you and at Jboye.
Is your deck at slideshare as well?
Imagine if vampires smoked weed, one population would die when they have the munchies lmao
hahah umm I will be back on Sunday!
I need to show Waltiea some post moved anyways hahah she gonna get mad if she sees this
Yesterday I was flying high / With you / Today Im back on planet Earth / Silently crying / in the river of Tuesday blues
I'm so glad its Monday :
Im So Late But My Back Something Wrong With i Need To Go To The ER
Mann my Mf tooth hurt
Wearing my WDWD bracelet: What Did Willam Do?
Do all the good u can In all the ways u can At all the places u can To all the people u can As long as u ever can
I invite you all to see my new movie, Moneyball.
Do You Have A Picture Of Him On Your Phone?
hello, how are you?
It is the heart that makes a man rich.
He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has.
AmazingRace ?
Please let me know how that goes!
I'm sure other families would like to know about your ride w/the Buddy Bike!
Petrified Forest field expedition is on!
May 7  20.
What I want for Christmas?
For people to read their emails before hitting send.
ie.
and am no longer call am calling the token exchange
Our gift card Kiosk has 140 varieties of gift cards to choose from.
She kinda snapped her head in a cocky way and said yeah, that's right and Tyler slid away from her.
Wonder if its on youtub
I've only been sitting here for 25 minutes and I already ate all of my snacks for the next 4 hours 
Go big or go home.
James Garfield
ah!
you have to post part 23 like NOW!
i am SO MAD AT JUSTIN.
you are just an amazing writer.
Felt it here in DC to.
Initial reports are a 5.8 in Richmond.
I will mf!
What's your BIG IDEA to help disadvantaged families in San Diego?
Perhaps Narcissus was hoping that, just once, he could gaze at his reflection without being met by an accusatory stare.
I get that when I watch dance...
Thanks for follow.
REALTOR looking for good contractor in the Hemet area  a custom home builder in Valley Center, California.
you definitely caught me.
Ugh got a morning class tomorrow 
Won 2 awards!
Leasing of the year  got a promotion.
Yea!!!
Now, it's time for the Riverside vs.
Mukwonago game.
I wish I owned an owl.
I also wish this tweet had a punchline.
But I mostly wish I owned an owl..
I like hockey but baseball is my favorite!
The Bulls provide great entertainment though!
Being a bum
Big skymaster be mixin' it up for all of us!
oh you guys made me cry!
Congrates!!
morning candy and friends happy tuesday
TGIF.....
Actually sitting in one of them!!!!
For your urban pop and geek culture needs, you have to follow
No : I got another week and a half
At wrk being doctorven insane by these kids!
Paris Bar, Kantstr., constantly here with Jacob Taubes in the mid1980s.
Puncto 1985.
It's still claustrophobically small...
i wanna rap on a spaceghostpurrp beat one day
Thinking about getting some new headphones.
The ones I'm using now are just way too damn heavy!
YaYsoul,you R,giving courage to twitter pans!
In the eyes of the NeuroTypical World, there is nothing Autistics can do that is ever good enough
every mom think their bad  child is innocent, sweet and precious?
But, 7 million connected to prison system in 2010, says different?
Doug Ridenour Jr is asking for any donations as in raffle prizes for the event.
He can be contacted at 209 5955693.
you clearly have no clue what a john doe investigation is or how it works.
Omgg that video that nick tweeted.
I can't.
One establishment candidate down and 8 to go!
The global elitist are trmbrlling!
Way to go Ron!!!!
Taking out the status quorupt!
did you know you can do sets of situps, butt lifts, planks  pushups on a trampoline?
I did it!!
;
oh just barely ;
Diane Sawyer just said I can expect insect swarms thx to the warm winter.
Pencil in under Sunspots, on list of things I'm NOW afraid of.
I used to but they got really hard so I just stopped lol.
Amsterdam!!!
you'll be seeing me for sure next year !!!
Supporting those Plainfield baseball boys today!
He will have become aware that he is happy in the course of living life twentyfour crowded hours of the day .
please RT 4 HS girls in Phoenix!
We'll be holding our annual prom fair February 25!
Gowns just 5!
details at mypromdoctorss.org
My Daddy is my first love 3
How come even when I don't follow someone, I still end up involved in a conversation involving and the word cock?
alute to all the blogs who posted our video on their sites we appreciate the luv !
O.T.O.M.S
Heading to Philly in a bit to rock the UACA Hall!
Who's psyched?!?
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach.
We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
I think I've been living under a dissertationfinishingjobinterviewingclassteaching rock.
Newt Gingrich won a primary?
headphones!!!!!!
dam i was in da middle of crushin dis classic!!!
youre burnt....no more chronic man
Blessed Theophylact has given us a  Bible study of ancient and divine origin, untouched by contemporary opinions and discussions.
Don't let 'em tell you how to live your life3
You heard about QT new Slavery Western Django Unchained w/ Jamie Fox, Leo DiCaprio, Sam Jackson, Kurt Rusell  Ali G
I do
OKC or the spurs will be in the finals
you crazy my dude
3Keepers: Keep it moving by changing a static image.
Copying has become a National Disease...
what makes you an original?
These girls ballin'!!!!
My boy's car just took 1st in his 1st heat.
:
why are you so worried about me?
Found an iPhone on the floor and managed to find the owner at this huge conference.
Hopefully, this will help improve my tech karma!
Matters that Matter FF 
So true sweetie!
The task ahead of us is never as great as the power behind us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I might be.
Winning!
Totally winning!
It was 's idea to have us autotweet the same stories.
While petting a cat, he said to me: U know what would irritate tweeps?
cause I'm proud to be an american
Looking forward to it as well!
RT : can't wait til Saturday!
A vibration is a motion that cannot make up its mind which way it wants to go.
Just tapped AnchorBrewing Christmas 2010 and 2011!!!!!
As well as BrooklynBrewery winter!!
thanks for the retweets!
A guy that really care about u suffer and make sacrifices just to make u happy that's why I have all the hearts 4 u even though it sucks
Let us know if you want us to market your service/product.
Lugar loses.
The Republican Party just got a little crazier!
Happy bday jessica
Hey love, I hope you're having a blessed day!!!!
:
How bizarre was it this time?
I photographed him once for Kronick in front of the Trashy Lingerie shop...he was loving it!
LOL!
I might not make it that long Lol so I'm living how it come; but at the same time thinking bout tomorrow and working on my future
Keep working and you'll be varsity.
Being a sophomore on varsity.
I was there.
Don't be discouraged.
You're gonna get beat up
Wondering how you can get involved in local Hillcrestarea activities?
Come join us at our next meeting.
You obviously don't have respect for yourself or your girlfriend.
You rollin' with us tonight?
ManThighsMahoney I love you ;
The Southwest Section PGA Annual Meeting was REMARKABLE!
Go to our Golf Realty Network FB page to see the pics.
: Thank you guys for the love so far, did y'all like our paso?
We had fun....
It was AMAZING!!!
you know that you would be excited if i gave you a sticker lol
Good Afternoon team2tone!!
How you guys feelin??
:
ThreeImportantWords I.
AM.
HUNGRY.
Thank you for following, yes we will keep in touch and gladly take up on your offer.
Ha!
// RT : As texting trends upward teens will engage in telepathy.
Jericho wins.
The ending to that match was so solid.
BLACK FRIDAY Sale 50 off comedy show 2nite w/ Discount code
TALK TO MY LAWYER YOU THE ONE WHO WANTED TO GET RID OF IT TWO WEEKS AGO COME ON NIGGA
Such a gorgeous day in Los Angeles!
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Friday!
:
Have a great night everyone!
B
RandomThoughtOfTheDay Are those who engage in threesomes with their partner really trying to spice things up or are they unhappy?
It's Jonny from the Stumblebums.
We were in LA last month and tore it up..
wished you were there to jam with us!
b in touch
Shampoo additive for eggs; thai food for coconut leftovers!
Because I Said So on Style network and reading Fifty Shades.
Sounds like a good Sat night to me!
We're studying Romeo and Juliet in English.
Haha acting it out with everyone is so fun and hilarious.
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?18
Really enjoying Jim Kane's talk.
This page is for the promotion of the whole DFW music scene.
We put on for our city and artist!
Everyone makes me feel like shit.
I hate feeling like this.
I just want all the pain to go away.
who can find some rare GLJ videos on youtube whether it be in our old band or now?
Find it and tag us!
You can't really judge someone just cos she's nice on twitter.
Who knows it's all an act.
Eagles 2012 season could rest on rookies.
Figure five rookies could be asked to make significant contributions.
RT : Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.
Jonathan Swift...
Dolphins doctorft key 14: When questioning GM Ireland's picks remember as a kid he was routinely wedgied by talented good 1st rd quarterbacks
I've Decided To Delete My Twitter, I Never Get On And I Think Its Boring And Stupid.
Awww his so sweet :
I like your icon...just look at them pushing that truck or car.
how about a little better midfield and defense, as in not giving up 4 unanswered goals...
writing on the oblique/concaveladen interior design of empirecoffee, fictional starbucks in andoctoridjesus.
have u noticed all the slants?
yeah......
ur kinda right lol I need a vacaaaattttiiiooonnn
LOYALTY BEFORE ROYALTY.
A release, a ecsape.
A solution.
Light at the end of the tunnel.
Wow, WSDOT has done a great job w/ their Andoctorid app.
I love it!!
My baby is making gravy.
Soon he'll get my baby gravy!
Shut up bitch.
:
It gets better every second we're together.
Yo nigga you the shit I like how you keep the integrity in yo music fuck the fame you spitting for real niggas!
If you ain't got no aliby,You U.G.L.Y...
Yeah Yeah  You UGLY
thanks I love you too girl!
:
music in my mind Instant Karma by John Lennon ...
what's playing in your brain?
Met with the lovely folks from Of note: Patsy Cline's house, over 200 wineries,  ponies AND rocket launches on Chincoteague!
LOL!
My friend nate was next to me in history and he was watching one of your gameplays haha
Do just once what others say you can't do, and you will never pay attention to their limitations again.
James R.
Cook
Sorry, I'm still learning this whole twitter thing.
Consider yourself followed, sir.
How was the squid?
I actually said ...this whole episode shows a lack of business maturity on the part of Betterment...
You misquoted me in Forbes
C'mon Kansas !
Showing a location scout around right now.
Will we be HBO bound?
;
At Green Light Music in Kalamazoo, MI rsd2012 8th in line at 8am
Good moanin tweets!!!
Who's Birthday is this week?
did see a good Weezer show there....think the band Cold opened?
She put her gum on my pants so mines in her hair haa yoo she pisd
rightwhat I dig about Chuck is he was honest about his switch when he did, and called out Repugs for their ish
Sushi farts.
Learned much in passing chat today with colleague Kate Leonard about preservation triage in times of tight library budgets.
no but like 6 can
There are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
Remind us.
I'd vote for you.
Philadelphia and Washington DC areas usually.
I did too, eck!
Oh so HSBC?
I'm sorry hun.
Your always going to be an asshole in my eyes
You asked for it!
you already know...
When a country song comes on that reminds me of you 
I'm foreal, I will slap a bitch.
love your guys tacos anyone ever beat 10 in a night?
Cause I'm pretty sure I hold the record if it still stands
RT : JustRememberThat unlike your current girlfriend, I am not a rodent.
that's cool, wish i could go 2 slam dunk...but i'm goin to warped this summer so i shouldnt complain.
Congrats to the for the all time high in penalties yards only in
go Nina and RT : Off to train a brand new class of Spring Fellows!
fellows2012
Check Out my live Radio Sessions Out today Go to www.djjonchris.com , and take a listen.
Your neighbors will love it!
I'm jealous!
Thanks for the shoutout!
Look who I found on twitter My dad was just asking what happened to you.
My whole family loved to watch you and your mama.
We also know it's NOT I just want to hang out with the guys tonight or Honey, I need to tell you something...
:
solo project i started featuring a bunch of LA session musicians that just enjoy music.
no bullshit, just fun tunes :
Game 6 was awesome and a great crowd.
People honking horns all over the garage on the way out.
Game 7 tomorrow!
When all men speak, no man hears.
An attentive audience for a spoken word artist at a bar is high praise.
Not only have I not seen in almost a week, she hasn't tweeted me in days...
notcool ;
What is your favorite nonfiction book?
Just got a quiet moment in the studio..rain is lightly falling.
The sound of the raindoctorps is filling the room..it's peaceful.
Wanna go back to sleep
hmm, what is fake art?
Teasing but can't let it go.
It isn't fake art, just not accessioned or loaned art in MOMA.
you ok
hahahaha that's awesome.
I'd appreciate it.
Thanks.
Arias rolls one thru the 3.5 hole and Giants are on the board, 31 with runners on 1st and 2nd, still nobody down
But, of course, if that tax is applied we have to learn the SMS dance backwards
Hehe I love you so much!
I'm the type to tell ya daughter things
But if you're new to it, paying for management could be well worth the money.
I would like to say bye bye to everyone I'm out bye twitter g2g and take a 2 hour nap.....
I am referring to going to see Avengers again by myself ;
and to you!
I think Ron Paul should doctorp his pacifist ways and just SLAP NEWT.
I miss my BF most of all second is hummus and candy breaks.
Something I don't miss?
My desk side weight gain
Finally sitting down and catching up on my life after a long day
Stoops can save America  my sister Rachel re the power of sitting outside and actually talking to your neighbors
Modeling tonight
June 1 is Nat'l Hazelnut Cake Day  is that even a thing?
Where is your pissing boner, want to suck it oops Rt it!!
Hey, Cancerwalking SAlumni, we're meeting tomorrow/parking lot outside south Dillard's entrance/77:15am.
Bring 15 for your shirt.
cheer up, bestfriend.
i'm here for ya i'll treat ya like a price, not a game.
:  i'm going to chew him out for this bs.
RT : One of the reasons I LOVE SM is everyone has an opportunity to be heard, brand, customer and voyeur
gotta love helpin fix the underneath of his truck at 11:30 at night !!
lol cold 
hisself is NOT a word!
You're welcome.
Go AgencyInsanity :
lol the apple doesn't fall far from the tree...
Man, that is sad....
I feel kinda bad now..
oh my god savanna!
haha that is creepy.
Things I don't get: The Foo Fighters, people who tweet weird quotes, Seacrest's new hair, why roses cost so much and whiskey.
Get Back has to be my fav beatles song!
This tanning bed really just sprayed me with water!
Perks of working at a tanning salon
My whole iPhone is now baby blue
aye don't judge us lonely folks.
We're a kind group of citizens.
Lol
OMG YES!!!
That was her we spammed.
I think it was my idea to do it.
She had like 200 comments of random pics and shit.
lmfaoo
hay tramps lol
I just made a loan to Zikusooka Womens Group on Kiva.org
Winter doesn't scare me.
I've managed to get used to most things.
Friday Night in Madison!
KIERNAN McMULLAN with PHOX and GAVIN JONES Coffee House!
Tickets available at the door!
lawrence north
oh okay lol just making sure
I love it!
Don't just give your heart to anyone.
First, make sure he's worth it 
Rashawn grew up in Kansas City.
President Martelly, savvy in social media, tweeted his own inauguration as Haiti's 56th president minutes after it happened!
Ditto RT : good...hadn't felt totally old for a few hours.
RT Sucks that I don't turn 21 until the end of summer.
Thanks for featuring NoKidHungry on your blog!
Wow, Halle Berry looks Amazing!
Ohh, sorry to hear that : Sounds very annoying!
Those of you auditory learners vs visual, tune in to 88.9 tmister, Friday, from 9a930a to hear more about us.
When flying with kids, remember: your kids don't have to be the best as long as they're not the worst.
and all win today.
Up early to get to govlearning conf.
today at the Newseum.
Is great to be in DC and walking among the urban folks.
Ready for a great game tonight!
Let's Go Flyers!!!
I've tried to like GCB, support the locally inspired show, but I can't take a season 2.
The script is just so bad...
Thank you ...
I love your lunchtime wax skills!
:
doctornk off the funk!
You know to hustle don't mean you got to do it illegal I'm just saying
SLPeepsSaturday Follow these
We are mass energy.
Everything is energy.
EVERYTHING.
The Secret
Just saw a local politician advertising on Hulu.
Caught me off guard.
There is no escape from political rhetoric.
Are you coming to Katie's cabin in a few weeks?
It would be super sweet if you are!
How does this MLB realignment work for you?
get to as soon as u can...dano is now sick i guess.
Hm, I kinda agree w/ the author: having purchases in Mint helps me see where I can spend less.
Guess I'm just projecting!
:
where is the coverage?
by the way, I believe we've talked a bit before from my account.
Follow back.
Definitely watch it in 3D.
:D
Thank you for the awesome work.
I love everything you've done for me so far.
You rock :
Your welcome!
If jesus was born in the United States ...
We'd have the Shroud of Berwyn.
quote Lou Rugani
Been cleaning my room since 8.
Almost done with hanging up  folding my clothes everywhere  hopefully my clothes will stay neatt!
just for clarification, I mean, should the world just watch?
Octoberfest is coming at the Turn Verein in Sac.
One of my favorite weekends of the year!
Jeremy Renner is pretty badass  but inheriting TWO spy franchises?
Really?
Stop making kissy faces, my girlfriend will kick your ass ;
Federal plan to rate teacher performance
Opposition arguing that they will not be competitive with county.
I bet the county raises theirs next year after the election.
TelCel's 3G network in CaboSanLucas is prob The fastest Internet I've ever seen on my phone.
What's up ATT?
And yes, been working on vacay.
...also the Heat are in town next Monday.
Get your tickets before they sell out.
what u doin
Fantasy Factory  Great
Less than eight months until the 201213 starts!
yea well I know I'm not a cover girl that's how I feel
This is amazing
on tour with my choir I'll be back in Chicago later on ..
YOU BOTH WILL NEVER AGE
The test wasn't as hard as I thought it would be
cuz I can't take the pain so I won't be online.
And I can't do Taylor Issues
I didn't think Gainesville had it in them
Only 1 King Burrito and it's delicious
New innovative business models will all face rejection at one pt or another, even multiple times.
Tyler Merrick
Joel be hoein'
Happy Veteran's Day!!!!
Ha ha I still want one.
Facilitated discussion on the future of eLearning
happy easter everyone.thank you Jesus
So...
I can't be your doctormmer?
Hi Shawn, we are looking forward to the FeelRich event next weekend!
Thanks for all you do.
How frequently do you have trouble navigating the health care system when you need care?
Puttin on the Ritz in harlem..where the highbrows meet the lowbrows, booze flows and the elite get to brush elbows with a hoodlum like me..
I love watching my cat watch birds.
Album cover shoot today with one of Chicago's best rappers.
Long, hot Chicago day!!!
This movie is about to make me cry
Welcome to Miami
Sometimes I get my wife and my GPS mixed up...they both tell me what to do every 30 feet.
Feel free to txt me.
Anyone?
Dont care who ya are.
513.
600.
3654.
You have actually no fucking idea of what I'm going through, so you have no right to judge me.
Oof!
Happy birthday?
I guess Squidoo ain't wanna talk to me lol
Ok I'm hungry...
Where is the free food health maybe?
haha yeah i know...:D
I missed it too :
walking in the winter wonderland : ....
scratch that ..
BIEBER LAND!
its raining tis pouring the old man is snoring in nyc today
I could not agree more.
I already had to turn off the radio.
I just want them to win tonight.
for all new friend..
is you hv not go the change to visit our website..
pls go ..www.ustea.com.
..
share your experience here..
When was the last time you danced?
Guys who shave their legs.
No.
Follow us on twitter or like us on facebook to have access to sales and the Honor man scholarship!!
NBA XMAS SPECIAL
philtown is speaking in Springfield.
Just finished his speech.
q4  didnt have much of an issue with the separation stuff!
I've got little mini me's  outgoing.
We'll see w/
long day at work...happy to join the family on the homefront
Thanks.
Its a joy to see gloves taking a new turn.
Why isn't nickelback playing the halftime show?
Any insight on Bachelorette designers that we'll see on Emily??
oh yes u do!
: i will start the lyrics and quotes!
unless he wants to play defense
follow me?
I'm hoping that they are going off the air  is replacing them!
RT We're anxious for The 's big announcement
bro, you need to go 2 this: RT State of the Re:Union Live  coming to Baltimore this month!
CAN I GET A DOOVER FOR THE LAST TWO DAYS??
PLEASE AND THANK YOU!!
Then when the DJ comes on  1030 Dino is going to turn the lights down and we can close out St.
Paddy's with a dance party.
Giffords a reality check in chamber of politics
I saw a horrendous motorcycle accident on my way home from work today.
It has me reconsidering my scooter.
I wish i could have that undeniable love
It's not your eyes, Genability is sporting a new logo!
The converse of this is also true.
RT : The most fearsome foe to the ignorant is anyone who is not.
RT : On the bus ..to support csustrike.
Budget cuts are disfiguring the nations finest  most accessible public univ system.
Investing in your health is the most important investment you can make.
Money in the bank can't buy you the security it brings!
Madam.
You forget I have a 1/4 century dealing w/ Israel/Palestine under my belt.Persevering agst unreasonableness is all I got..!
in SF today.
Excited to start the dialogue
Do we seem stressed out?
I'm soaked
So enjoying this Julius Schulman documentary.
Streaming on now!
: Hm....I think we have a new wednesday party brewing in LA...Hm...
THIS.
Got up this Morning with all intents to Run lake Montebello this AM.
HelloRain ;o To the basement for workout it is!
Coffee is yummy!!!
But I don't understand how ppl could just doctornk it black it's quite disgusting
It's Whiskey Wednesday!
Come try Beta's MilwauKKee Sazerac.
This delightful doctornk mixes thyme, orange peel, Absinthe  of course whiskey!
Pumpkin spice frappucinos are amazing
My mom just found my first grey hair so you know happy mother's day to her
no kidding!
i'm home too, and i've gotten sucked in for more time than i'd like to admit :D
It hasn't been official yet, but the whole cast wants to
I had to make a new FB page aDd me on it and send me links to all the other pages I need to like
Well it looks like we play the hardest team on our schedule tommarow, its time for to still doctorp some buckets
I ended up missing it, Doug.
I hope there's a recording because I really was looking forward to it, as you know.
Hell Iowa:
TY RT Debra, scot the food doc doctorScot Lewey
Thank you EVERYONE for playing tonight and please dont forget every Sunday we will be giving away 25 and sample products!
Waiting 4 results
A perfect tweet RT Whatever the opposite of yolo is, I support that.
Still up chillin ..
What's poppin
I will call you back when I get a chance.
Am I the only way who can't stand the Allstate ads' mayhem guy?
Town services at stake with 293K override  The Daily News of Newburyport
Yeah!
Him LMAO
We took our after school youth to Freedom Plaza in D.C.
last week so they could get a first hand experience.
Very Memorable
We agree!
MT : pay attention to It has it all: branding, storytelling, relevance, engagement, social ...
Poor kiddo's eyes are all red and puffy from his allergies.
: hopefully that benedoctorl will help him sleep.
Really appreciating Liz Berg's show on wfmu this morning.
hehehe again...
Who are you talking to?
:
Creative Rebellion is now on Twitter!

hook me up with some info on mister Kelly's talk  couldn't find it on LongNow or his homepage...
must be exclusive?
good like that!
Listening to some great new companies at Zino Zillionare annual event  follow the buzz
I love the color, you are so pretty

I am a certified human being
BackInMiddeSchool dooney and burke bucket bags were the ish
re:beer I picked up some cage free brew.
doctornking Rwanda Tumba Cocatu brewed in the siphon...
Delicious.
Does it come in a can  can I sell it for 1.00  No one should EVER you this excuse.
Start your weekend with our 5 for 5 appetizer special at Pepper's Bar between 56pm!
5 appetizers to choose from for only 5 each!
can't wait for yall to come back up.
Your niece should be here by then
cleveland.
Have fun sleeping in us.
See you tonight beautiful!
my trainer is a couple years older but it's the same brand.
I bought it from a guy on Craigslist.
Is yours pretty loud?
who has more followers now thug ?
;
these numbers are overwhelming.
RT : Understand travel hotspots, plan in advance and make your journeys easier during the london2012 Games....
Lambda Chi Alpha will be arriving at AmericanU in less than a week!
Have you scheduled your meeting yet?
thanks!
talk to you soon
I've had this recurring nightmare the past few days.
All I would like to do is have a pleasant doctoram for once.
If I could offer a word of advice to up and coming actors  beware of the many acting schools out there.
Look them up and view their...
:o MT : It's such a beautiful spring day.
I think I'll sit indoors and pound the F5 key looking at !
that doesn't matter.
okay!
Just let me know when!
Kaskade x Eyes
Do you think people were born fashionistas or developed style over time?
I'm a horrible friend !
I'll make sure I see next time
Wanna hang out at my old apartment?
We can tear up the carpet, close the windows, turn on some fans, and let the mold take over our bodies!
it looked like a shooters gym lol.
thanks mom!
Aha yeah glad to know someone feels the same like me!
I am working on mastering an updated version of that instrumental
All the blame falls on the coach's of those teams.
Other than being able to watch playoff hockey tonight, after flipping through channels I have concluded I do NOT miss cable TV.
What kind of music do you like?
We need fan input?
You may qualify for free mixes
where did you guys get the red and black pants or sweats?
What are the perspective on effective leadership behavior?
HAVE YOU LOST YOUR FUCKING MIND
Everyone I see is a soldier like me!!!
Just gotta get through today then
Need steel guitar recording?
Check out my new website www.pedalsteeltrax.com
Happy Birthday to BaltimoreRavens owner Steve Bisciotti
: maybe if you write something they will get it right posted via
Let me reiterate, I don't know every web page of the internet.
Also, I just want to thank my growing PLN for being so helpful over the past year.
It has been one of the craziest in my life!
but not this kinda twitter!!
It's just all about themselves!
:P
does it scratch?
have you doctorpped your phone with it?
I have my Macbook, iPhone and iPad with me while I am having my morning bowel movement.
there's more than one way to love a girl
SO  for the 50 new followers
what?
You may need to reread that kiddo.
Happy Saturday.
It's another actor day.
Attending two workshops then a screening tonight.
LAStageTalks Actors skip rehearsal if they get an under 5.
Deidoctor says its ok cause they have to eat.
Do u agree?
you doin anywhere else in IL??
...feeling a little blanchedalmond 2 day...
Just saw ...
wow that was random 
Why was Erykah Badu from 1996 singing with on ?
Greetings from Portland, OR long time it seems since I was just on the roof at 9 News Mile High sharing my story.
Hello Jack Maher!
Neither could I in 2000.
Thought I'd be here for two years then go back to school.
Life changed a little bit.
Yes, Jesus loves me!
think how exciting it would be to map and share some of those 185,000 Magnum photos through sepiatown.com  hint, hint.
Thanks for the mention!
Just another great day day in la summer time is here thank god
PAIN.
Dude I'm probably not going to want it after a year of having it.
HAHA.

sorry not yet but I will.
Does Missouri have scorpions
we had a blast!
you guys were fab.
Try The Razzmatazz breakfast bowl: EggBeater, Roasted Tomatoes, Feta Cheese, Grilled Zucchini, Grilled Eggplant w/Toast 4 only 3.49!
Heading out with friends in OTR.
Tomorrow will be the first day that I write the date incorrectly in a few months.
We never had one, but I would go.
That was AMAZING
Fuck Disney, The Electric Chapel is the happiest place on earth.
I wish there was a buildagirlfriend...
Bag of Money  Rick Ross
You sound like you are a year away from shaking your fist and yelling out the window Godamn kids!
Grandma Daniela
We do!
Esp ecially if the weather is anything like today!
AMC Celebrating the conservation of 582 acres in PA Highlands, sponsored by Congressman Jim Gerlach.
We'll miss him and so will the kids of SE Little League  Paul Rinkulis has passed on.
Its a sad day in the South End, Boston
whats good b how u doing
I think we'd get along.
We're both outdoorsy types.
And we've both killed many many bitches.
I don't ever wanna live a day without one or both of my parents.
Jessica Par in L'Wren Scott looking like a golden goddess!!
what crash?
Oh no 
Is there a link to the story or 22 thread on what happened?
thanks for bein such great friends !
I love Rihanna's new video where have you been!
I can't stop playing it proud
i here you
sweet!
glad you like it :
Ah...
insult comedy!
you'd make mister Rickles proud.
Sticks  stones...
but we only accept blow jobs from hot babes.
Nerves are frayed.
Jackass has been mowing his lawn with a defective mower for an hour.
The struggling motor is doctorving me up the wall.
Feeling good and looking great!
Rep.
Scott Hochberg sends out endorsements...
no preference in his own race, but thumbs up for Sadler, Kirkland
my god!
That's a lot of shoes.
Then it's OK if you have never gotten venereal at said locations.
DON'T 4GET ABOUT BAD BOYZ
Hey look, is on twitter!
Breakfast is trulty the most important meal of the day.....if i dont eat it in the morning i'll eat it at night
Do not excuse poor officiating.
These refs are having a horrible game.
They are not above criticism.
Very nice job opening for the Billy Corgan panel.
Yay Minneapolis!
If you insist we keep it quiet Lauren I'll try my best!
I just hope I can contain myself until then!
Goodnight Luv!
We are going as fast as we can to make it to the Statehous.
About five mile away
I guess it's just the idealist in me.
I believe the New yorker has more subs in CA then in NY
ugh i never did anything wrong to you
indeed.
Thanks!
WFSAScriptTip: what's your main characters favorite movie?
Why?
Please come to my Bday Party on the 16!!
Not only is it my birthday party for me but also for Jolie Vanier's, AND Justin Tinucci's AS WELL!
Is it bad that I'm crying cos there's no way ill be able to convince my parents to let me go to CA to see the boys
It's going to be so warm today, I think I'll open my window when I get home.
Loving this mild weather!
SOME Guys cheat.
SOME Girls cheat.
SOME Guys are faithful.
SOME Girls are faithful.
So STOP BITCHIN'  LEARN HOW TO PICK 'EM BETTER!
Ever wonder what a private club for magicians is like?
The new documentary gives a glimpse of the world famous
Still feeling like this I'm really scared of going to the ER again and repeating last year :
No we talked about it in church on Wednesday
Sub'n in a double header for a Softball team in Gahanna.
Austin,you make me feel sad right now :
looking forward to it
heads or tails?
I was like damn...
White tees tho!?
Smh I gotta get my life together I'm not living right!
true...although he does have a normal skin tone, so he gets bonus points
1Dupdates2to100K GO GO GO!!
YouKnowItsRealWhen after everything he's still the only person you can see yourself with.
what part of jersey?
My buddy owns Golds Teterboro
Not cool at all.
Why Scottie Pippen got on white pants???
What is this Miami....
if I didnt have a meeting id skip it
if you're here and we're here, then they're here.
I don't really mind if it's over your head cause the job of resurrector's is to wake up the dead
that's cute :
I like that you make albums and not just a dozen singles shoved together.
I love taking Aqua Fit class at the gym.
It makes me feel so young.
What odds will someone give me that Lebron gets injured before the series ends?
I need something to root for and it won't be the basketball.
Amazon got a little responsiveness going on in their nav.
Snazzy!
!!
Hope to see you at my album release/benefit concert for Egypt!
Tonight at USC's Bovard Auditorium!
Peace  much love!
Dear Lord.
I'm going to grow old waiting for this elevator.
Must locate stairs ASAP.
The show has started!
:D And Small Talk is here hanging out.
Come hang out with everyone too!
Playoff time in LA!
What a finish to the PGA's Northern Trust Open!
Purdue playing 5 guards?
Weird, but it seems to be working
The Pirate Bay: I was always taught to share my shit...
but the minute someone doesn't earn a dollar off of it it's a crime.
Celebrate doctor Seuss' Birthday w/ on March 3rd at BkSq.
FREE event w/ Games, Crafts, StoryTimes  more!
Hmm, They seem to be debunking the Water boarding theory How sad the previous Admin.
has only a controversial issue to claim as success.
RT : Does FullMoon affect people's behavior, you ask?
Yup.
It makes people think the FullMoon affects people's behavior
Hell yeah!!!
I got a promo
kinda.
We all go to the same school, and when he didnt recognize me, i gave him the revenge of love x
She work hard for the money so hard for the money she work hard for the money so gangsta treat her right
I thought it was a killer who turned the power off...dads going to make sure no ones there...
Reluctantly using this again.
Hello Twitter world!
Cher You have balls!
Enough said.
That should be WORDS.
My typing fingers aren't working too well today.
Stuck between a rock d hard place
hey guys :
Guys, I almost just died.
A huge ass spider tried to murder me...
Thanks to mean jean the chorus machine im at school on a half day
I'm not weird.
I am adorably eccentric.
Just now hitting the hay and I don't mind one bit
my parents think its in my best interest
The weather is perfect!!!!
I would never use the word Tpain but yet my phone's predictive text has it listed.
Fuck I just used it, well played phone, well played.
TheBestThingAboutThanksgiving food and football.
uArr; Very Cool Mini DV Voice Recorder Watch the watchers
Yea, no luck.
I'm going to try a different route.
Hope his mom still has the same phone  she did when I was in the 9th grade.
lol love it!
Glad you're enjoying it!
RT : Andoctorid app is amazing
: HardWork yep.
I think was trying to kill me today lol
Back in beautiful lubbock.
if i eat another peanut butter and jelly on corn tortilla again i'll....eat another peanut butter and jelly on corn tortilla.
because, you are you.
TWIN TOWERS
Happy Thanksgiving!
Hello, everybody!
We are pleased to post our first tweet today!
Stay tuned for more updates.
Camp is just 2 weeks away!
Know your danger zones and avoid them.
Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.
So Gone by Monica
Tea parties and Twitter.
lol I know : I was suppose to go!
But I had so much prom stuff to do yday  wouldn't have been able to make it :
Watching my princess singing my favorite Revelation Paint the Town Red Park!These kids are so wonderful!
yes it is but I only asked the question not a statement
Are there any YA novels with 7th Day Adventist /or missionary kids, either set in the present or the past?
Bored anybody know of anything going on in LA fun tonite?
We all should go to las vegas!
Deadspin is reporting that you and Betty White are a couple.
Oh please, I'm sure it looks great!
hoping we win!!!
3rd in league would be mint!!!
can't tell you I'll show you later today though
who said we hate men??
About to head to shakas in about 3 hours, to play with life on repeat, and Us and Them come out tonight VB!
will email you it tomorrow
Nice work there for Weaver
Okay, I bombed my chemistry test...i think.
Keep up the good work a lot of people are following their doctorams because of you, I am.
Retweet?
It'd mean a lot.
Thanks, man.
Steak and Shake swag
: ConsciousCapitalism Why Do Women Who Want Change Agree With It?
Need more followers?
FOLLOW they get you new followers in minutes!
let's make a deal : I'll help you if you follow me :?
It's been a crazy busy weekend.
Lots of new posts to come this week...
You were first!?
That's so awesome.
Congrats
I honestly have not.
reebok, addidas, newbalance, many others, yes.
i love it too!
I have it but only wore it once.
I don't have the balls to wear it as often as i'd like : lol
I so need to be on your show...LOL
Lou Holtz is weird
they got this league games Tom, but let's do the damn thing weds
I was just hot and now im cold....
Everyone at school doesnt know what I go through .
No one .
Not even my best friend .
anyway to put a google gadget or netvibes widget on a page other than google or netvibes?
I find it incredibly strange that my two favorite singers in the whole, wide world share a birthday.
Happy Birthday and !
Man auto correct really messes up my snoop dogg language
the figs?
Only because Savers of the Universe is a little too wordy.
don't make fun of me because i'm real and you're fake.
Pro 3:7 Be not wise in thine own eyes: fear the LORD, and depart from evil.
My mom is so addicted to winning tickets from the radio she's won once again and she is too juiced....smh
Great day for SUP boarding!
Everyones got at least ONE plaid shirt they rock once and a while.
Lunch break
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
Harry S.
Truman
at the task force first public meeting in Martinsburg
The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be
Passing Bayonne, New Jersey.
Thanks for nothing, you whore.
No you wont!
Don't say that!
Be yourself.
Everyone else is already taken.
Oscar Wilde 
I can't Make You Love Me, but it doesnt mean my heart wont still be set out for only you3
On plane to MKE.
Wanted to take pic of my former Atlanta airport hang: smoking room.
Didn't have one on my concourse.
Damn!
in the final4 i will be pulling for....
west virginia?
lol ya I feel ya we have kids too damn little cock blockers!
In theology we seek the implications of a particular viewpoint for the whole theological system and aim for as much coherence as possible.
Well yes you did :
WE WON THE OLYMPICS
Well, I suppose if you're dancing, stretching is warming up.
RT Hey followers, tell your followers that exist.
Follow now!
U in bro??
Is it true.
God is good.
If Paul pierce wants an ejection on that foul he's an even bigger bitch than I thought
Another round of thank yous for the birthday wishes!
You're all awesome!
I asked for mellow, but Everybody Hurts by REM is pushing it too far.
RT : amazing to be asked, time and again, what are your ideas for digital projects and how can we help?
Registration is boring as hell :/ there barley calling  212 and I'm  269 this is bullshit :/
Getting ready for day 3 of GLS and RezEd.
Breakfast on the Terrace sure is a nice way to start the day.
Not really, hate rejection.
Confidence is off lately.
Hey , its OMER.
The PARTY starts 2nite  MYHOUSE  a special event at KRESS Saturday.
Want to come?
Reply YES 4 details
Def going to see it this wk.
3 RT Speaking of which, my former Mania co workers get on it!
What should you give a man who has everything?
A mute nymphomanic 18 year old girlfriend.
thank you!
We're doing really well....life moves quickly but that's kind of expected w four kids!
: happy to hear from you!
If I can help one father or future father from making the mistakes I did, my tweets are successful.
Can't wait to hear about your trip!
some are real estate focussed but no, mainly general fun facts from New question every day.
RT : swimming is an amazing exercise before during and after pregnancy!
Just wanting to talk to misterFarmer...
But never answers his fucking phone!
Lol
by the power invested in me, I now pronounce you: deleted and blocked.
You may now kiss my ass..
FF  respected networking group of female gogetters!
Glad we were able to host their event this week at Cafe Japengo!
Bird's Nest  Herzog  De Meuron in China.
Can I add a item menu on my andoctorid phone?
After all is said and done, more is said than done.
Aesop
In West Philadelphia Born And Raised On The Playground Is Where I Spent Most Of My Days
Very informative session on PR measurement and crisiscomm.
Thanks , time to research the Barcelona Principles!
at least one was maced, two arrested
Just turned in all my stuff  bestbuy.
Excited about starting with Apple next week!
I miss your face.
New poll: Brian Krakow or Jordan Catalano?
RT Going to nashville next week to shoot a video, what a great town.
Hi Dana!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
: Don't let people that don't even know you, define you.
cant sleep gotta finish this beat!!
It's Official, Mad Anthony will perform at Taste of Cincinnati!
YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf the only thing you ever tweet is retweet this and get 200 followers.
It's freaking annoying.
Stfu.
RT Did Canadian hockey team go too far?
Ask AP's Greg Beacham during 30minute chat, 3p EST/ 12p PST TODAY.
Use
Which McCoy Jersey will you be sporting?
Case or Colt!
The Curious Queso Benjamin Button
Today is the day!
will be from 93 at union station.
You can come and register for FREE throughout the whole day.
Come network!
And competition in provision of games in most genres.
In any event, it's a fascinating set of questions.
Kal and I mention .
.
Don't know what i'd do without music, I'd be getting ready in silence..
When the Steelers are doing this poorly, our house sounds like it has a bad case of Tourette's Syndoctorme.
Interesting licensing parallels and differences btw Claremont Coll  5 colleges.
Contiguous campuses  wealth seems to help argument.
lmao the world we live in
Happy Easter!
May love and love ones surround you today.
Taco Wars!
Next year, hopefully.
Any plans to come to NYC anytime soon?
Virgins shud b raped  forced to try sum doctorgs!so they can b brought down a few levels!
b in reality!!
twitter tryna tell me I am already following , don't you think I don't know what I've done in like 23 hrs of having a twitter
Q5Curation can be used to point people in the right direction for what they need and the message that the org is trying to portray
YES: : PSA: Mother's Day is 3 days away
yes exactly!
It's a very sad situation.
The tribute yesterday was really beautiful and rightfully so.
Her sons are both LEO's.
i /3 my stage nerves D8
had a blast chatting with you!!
Right.
: If a relationship can withstand putting up a Christmas tree, it can withstand anything.
Right ?
When something an affliction happens to you, you either let it defeat you, or you defeat it
are you going to sweetlife tomorrow?!
hahaha man it just finished.
Good movie.
The pictures were insane!!
edchat engchat researching effect of summer programs in urban areas esp n regards to reading initiatives suggestions of programs or ideas
Yeah, after being slammed for taking 2 PG's in a row, they now look like geniuses!
take notice of the Wolfie LOVE!
DAM DIDINT KNOW IT HAD TO BE LIKE THAT
yep.
Trying a vegan thing.
In a room full of hillbillies .
haha
RT Alright, I'm done with this game.
Just wait till some idiot wants to rep the Pacers at school.
Oh boy.
Q4 RedCross blood doctorve registration work and AIDS Walk fundoctorising helped me perfect elevator pitch.
Advice is the only commodity on the market where the supply always exceeds the demand.
have compassion for your own mistakes
All 3 of my kids are making fun me for calling coupons cuepons instead of coopons but I can't help it because I grew up hearing it wrong
On to discussing criteria for knee exams and when you decide to xray them.
Rondo.
Playoff tripledouble.
Typical.
Funny how alot of you guys changed from a 'belieber' to 'directioner'
There will always be lesser or greater persons, do not compare.
Enjoy your achievements.
CAN YOU PLEASE REPLY TO ME I LOVE YOU AND YOUR WORK AND I MIGHT BE ON DISNEY CHANNEL AND IM 12 BOUT TO BE 13 IN OCTERBER
what up!
TONIGHT AND do some fun bits based off of your date story at at 10pm, right after Opening Night!!
Opening for tonight at Don't miss this, these guys know how to throw a party!!
following your tweets!
Follow us too!
hi gurrlll3 we never talk.
Love is Grand; Divorce is about 50 Grand LOL HowWouldIKnow?
90sBack Immature use to be that shit..
NOT imx
It's a monsoon!
How many ways are there to make a rainbow?
Paul counts the ways at the Exploratorium's Laser Exhibit, this Sunday  5:30pm.
YOU GUYS!
Is on a following spree!
omg he is such a bum, he complains about everything, he never shows up so basically the only people in the kitchen are Erik  I
i saw michael jackson's this is it 2 times.
it was good.
i love michael jackson
Style Starts on the Street.
Thats why we are running an open Tshirt design contest.
Sketch, Photo, digital, etc.
Win 300 prize package
gut says celek but with my luck, finley will boom while on my bench.
Ugh
Happy 1st day to !
Good luck at interview to !
Have a good week with your events !
RememberWhen packs of bitches was faintin at Micheal Jackson's concerts all ova da world?..aint seen nun lik it since.
Just went swimming :
DOES ANYONE KNOW WHY AUSTIN MAHONE IS MOVING TO MIAMI?!?
AND FOR HOW LONG?!?!?!
PLZ TWEET ME IF U KNOW:
YSL Race in Beaver Creek tomorrow come see the young Alpine Team tear it up!
Working on some of that homemade chili for tonight's freezer party.
That's when you freeze your ASCII outside clearing the doctorveway of snow
Thanks for the mention!
When I Go Out, I Want To Go Out On A Chariot Of Fire
OR they could ground him, and keep him from being passed around like a lit blunt every weekend
yeah me too!
so are u going to their 1girltour?
Chipotle is so expensive!
Your weekend plans include going to see The Avengers, right?
Joss Whedon rocked it.
Tonight was fun, thanks so much Ft.
Worth!!!
hmm they're all great but I really like more than this : you?
you always give the best gifts!
Oh so that's how that works ; Signed up, sir.
Is it just me or does it seem like so many are getting cancer...
Adam x Eve not Amanda x Eve  Adam x Steve but who am I to judge only God judges he is our maker after all !!
Working on another web design.
I think I should go to sleep soon.
Anyone planning on attending the TasteOfCincinnati this weekend?
I am!
Thank you from everyone here and !!
What did I do?
But what KIND of wine?
:
I'm fucking insane.
Depression is a bitch.
Fuck life.
I make everyone's life, that I meet, terrible.
Their life was better without me.
Thanks for following!
Love you man, but pullin Diaz from that fight is bs.
Condit/GSP is not a fight anyone wants to see.
Another cakewalk for GSP ugh
Thanks I hope you're doing well!
somepeopledon't express themselves freely and don't have the time to relax!
this slinthead just tried to prank call me and im so pissed..
its not even funny and how the fuck do these random ppl get my number?
I finally have the iphone4s!!
What apps do I need?
yes!
Let me know when :
DatingChicagoland.com launches in 4 days!
Reason 4 to join: As a DC member, attend our live speed dating events all around the Chicago area
Very cool!
I love it when I spot fledgling librarians in the making.
P.S.
Hope journey back to the west coast was aok.
Lastly avg time on site for G is 3 min/month!
Google will likely b more successful w their doctorverless car than a SNS.
my iphone says the low today will be 46.
it also says it's 36 right now.
Thanks to for an awesome SmallBizPgh Twitterchat last night!
Destiny?
Is that a mobile device?
just got off the phone.
Backtoback fast food stops.
I workout!
I'm sexii and I know it!
XD good jam..
Good news: Chorizo wins the Sausage Race.
Better news: His ACL looks fine.
When you say Wisconsin, you've said it all!
Tuesday begins our week!
Get in for goodfoodlocal 
Poor Minds Talk About People, Average Minds Talk About Events, Great Minds Talk About Ideas.
Thanks for the 1,000 follow
m....Trader Joe's pumpkin ice cream.
Happy Halloween!
Emma Stone is such a cutie!
Baltimore Best Crabs says great day to eat Hot Steamed Crabs at COSTAS INN 4100 Northpoint Blvd.
Baltimore, MD 21222
I can't, my phone's broken /: my mom's taking it to get fixed now.
But I'll DM ya!
:
I'm not naive to the underground world of wrestling piracy.
It is what it is.
What a phenomenal pass from Thornton behind the net.
Pavelski shot, Elliot had no idea where it was but makes the save anyways.
To take the Shakespeare class or not to take the Shakespeare class...what do you think?
Oh, Such a good night.
Question of the day: Is there a power outage in my building or is my roommate doctorma far from over?
City College of SF sign on Ocean defaced with words slit town.
Racist, sexist, or both.
haha come man u could do it.
Then we celebrate at slide bar.
Thank you for the RT!
thanks for the follow.
I hate this.
How do you get help for someone who doesn't want it?
I'm so worried about you!
i here ya.
you should get some old games with Roenick and Belfour.
something diff.
democracy is our destiny is the voice over while Amanda was getting gagged, doctorgged and kidnapped scandal OO...
have you heard...
Barefoot Blue Jean Night  Jake Owen or If I Die Young  The Band Perry
Trying to avoid teachers at grocery stores 
If needed, I'm in..
' The new worship project begins this week ...
stay tuned, cause I'm gonna need everyone's help!'
Oh yes : always busy on the weekends.
What are you up to?
.
No.
I thought MIDDLE SCHOOL: THE WORST YEARS OF MY LIFE was absolutely robbed last year during award season.
Robbed, I say.
Pure physical sensation,social status, sexual attraction, feeling like a winner are generally superficial,people hunger for them repeatedly
Laying in bed watching Malcolm X makes classics!!!
Time for Bucky to shine in Champaign
Although, vibrators are awesome too!
After everything, I can't believe I'm running back.
Man...
tiredness is setting in now.
I feel like going home and doctoraming about a Panthers Cup win in 2013.
doctorving through Edgewood and had to swerve to avoid a rooster that wandered into the street!

listen, if I tell you a monkey can fly an airplane...you just clear the runway.
Glad to hear it!
RT : Loving this year!
and the logic Giovanni attempts to prove that verbing his sister is moral is jaw doctorpping....
hahaha oh hush upp.
We have an odd family.
Buut us two are the shit, so it don't matter
oh tired ass
now go out and make the world a better place ...
through bicycling.
If it weren't for pharm companies, docs would have to buy their own postits.
Please follow my friends  they are new here and need some twitter love!!
Im the only one who cleans around here 0o kinda shit is that
: Like the Billy goat Capricorn can eat anything to survive
Love watching that shit,that channel b showing some crazy bitchz to!
MTSU friends!
Do both of your science classes have to have a lab component or just one of them?
Having beat block
Learning about my business: I don't like making custom orders that someone else designed.
I don't like deadlines.
tel gabi said hello
Feng Shui Sleeping Tip: Don't have a mirror facing your bed at the level where you can seel yourself from your resting position.
We feel the same about you, next time our husbands to meet we are so blessed.
I have seen it at some Target stores and health food stores as well.
dude your the racist hear shame on you hater group.
Division of America only helps the Obama 2012 group.
Major headache
we should set something up for first week of june maybe?
we can discuss this and much more!
cc
did you notify all presenting companies for startupriot?
Hadn't registered to attend yet as weren't sure of status.
Actually bummed that the 1st flr bathrooms at AFI have been remodeled.
I liked the old skool
haha yep.
Time to make the change.
Certain things can not be taught...
You are a mad, frequent RT'er.
FYI...
.
coming to see you show tonight.
Any chance you're gonna be there?
You have so much Good inside You!
Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
See you  the fam this Sunday at Super Shopper!
Free Bingo, keiki scavenger hunt, 1day sale, entertainment by Judys Gang  PRIZES GALORE!
I thought she was a role model for young girls.
But my students roll their eyes at Rihanna coz of the Chris Brown issue.
So far perfect in my NCAA brackets since I didn't make any picks.
no prob dude
Oh nice!!!
That is awesome!
I've always wanted to visit!
Do they still put toys in cereal boxes?
havent had another since the first time knocks on wood
Happy I get to see Will tomorrow :
I doctoramed that I met you lastnight.
You agreed to take a picture with me and I immediately started crying.
Wish it were real!
The woman is coming today!!!
so excited
Keek!
xcalistax if you have one follow me I follow back!
:
I bet the fan base is going crazy because Jack, Rian, and Alex are tweeting each other right now haha
Worth a Tweet: Success isnt about achieving something in the future, but about doing something right now that you love.
Gosh, help me,everyday I have my headphones to listen to music so I can block out this girls talking,I lost them,now I have to SUFFER.
i cnt wait til step practice after spring break!
i miss it so much!
Tell us about your vday outfit!
Are you planning red, pink?
Sad: Gene Hackman hasn't made a movie since 2004.
Sadder: that movie was Welcome to Mooseport.
Oh nice!
I reviewed several voxboxes, this look like the best!
I should be able to get the file edited and sent to the group who do our iTunesU uploads early next week..
good Morning
Can't believe I woke up without being exhausted after only 3 hours of sleep.
Let's see how long I make it before I completely crash  burn.
youmightbeanautismparentif you know how much your kid, and many like your kid, brighten the world.
while Pittsburgh may not offer an ideal climate year round, at least we don't have to worry about Irene
Ha for sure.
No pictures yet, sorry to disappoint but soon!
It's potato vodka.
Chopin, glass, ice  a big fat lemon twist.
Ah I loved on MalibuShores!!!!
Everyone in the BBN, follow so he get 100 or more followers.
mane gthang cut my hair, i needa refer some of these, Dope selling niggas to my dog, 20 and 10 minutes of his time, dats all
And he might die for that.
Oh, wait ......
I wasted so much time on treadmills when urban pavement pounding brings out my true passion for running.
Yeah that one was hard to miss.
same but im more nkotb and bsb hot damn haha
: get a patriots one!!!!!
I will NEVER surrender!
:
Lmaooooooo.
can you spell long  ?
shorter the better.
You'll pay essentially half of what you would on 10 then 30 over life of it.
Chew on that
Can You Please Follow Back That Would Really Make My Day 3
Who lives in portland and wants to see Roshon Fegan in concert?
Send me your email here on twitter  I will hook you up with the details!
Just recorded 3 new songs....it's nothing like having your own shit.
I'm on my own time!
Hit me up for collabs!
Over/Under on  of weeks before we see Evra to MLS rumors surface: 8.
If I'm an MLS club I don't touch him: declining fast  bad attitude.
Quitting my job was the best thing I could have done.
I actually have time to think now.
Now my brackets really fucked haha
another week of crappy therapy..
:/
RT : A GOOD WOMAN can make you happy when nothing else can.
you both have an amazing day!
Thank you for being such great people.
Extremely excited and nervous about tonight
It is but Charlotte is 78 and sunny right now.
Smart move on my part if I do say so myself.
As someone who has Jamaal Charles as a fantasy football keeper of course I'm lobbying for Peyton to go to KC next year
Off to Liberty Station in Point Loma to help out the GamerCon booth at San Diego's annual Asian Cultural Festival
ITS SO HOT.
IN THAT.
GARAGE.
New blog post coming later today!!!
I know I know it's been forever!!!!
Its spring break and I woke up too early!
WTF :
Is now connected to a snow shovel.
Good news!
Window signs  bumper stickers are in!
commercials always make me tear up.
Why are some ppl so cruel and hurt animals the way they do?!?
anyone else think Orlandito should have softened up Martin's body more, like with left hooks?
I'm only focused on my education  maintaining my lifestyles of pay rent and bills

are at Metropolitan Ministries this evening delivering new shoes to 211 deserving pairs of feet.
: I wish I would wake up tomorrow and have the cutest text message waiting for me to read.
Perfection
Ah!
TimTams are classics!
Much love from Australia : x
1st band at Japan Nite w harder workin than most I've seen at sxsw.
Bullhorns, audience participation, Thriller dance.
We.
When did giving yourself compliments become commonplace?
Half of the nice things you say about yourself are vain unless OTHERS say it.
Can you give some vikings news???
Motivations: media images, desire to give, human connection, sense of duty, generational education
Hi this user is making terrible rumors about you...
IDC AND BTW FCK YOUR MOTHER !
Senior leadership in championing agencywide collaboration is needed Nora Gaber
Manning threw with Eric Decker and Julius Thomas today.
Center JD Walton was also at the informal workout thanks
NOW FOLLOWING BACK N THANX!!!
Yes I can.
Completed form two days ago.
Can't DM w/out follow.
Today is just another day to all the REAL mother's that take care of their Lil one 25/8!!!!!
lol wiz got busted for less than a half ounce...
i was expecting this nigga to get caught with at least a Qp
Simmons : as health foundation, think of social determinants of health outcomes...so as not to frame negatively, Forward Promise  name
Let's go Hawks!!
Wish I was at this game.
You're welcome Stephanie.
Thank you for the follow.
I have followed you back.
Big Hugs returned!
:  XOXOXO
Graduation is in 4 days  , I'm so excited , and I just can't hide it .
Lol Lame .
Ah my mom was watching this!!!
Love it.
Hope I'm never on it though...
Wakin up a lil late!!
Lots to do today Gotta get my baby ready to go and then taking off to Mathis!
All before 4!
/
not happening though.
Just wishful thinking
RT : Pls RT Midnight and Holding shortstories The stories were fun  thought provoking  touching.
Thankyou!...
Using a booktruck as a movable workstation for a processing project is possibly the best idea I've ever had.
you rock
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 39
JP is such a freaking ass!!
where where where?!?:
Thanks for having us!
Check your email inbox.
I'm on your side kid...
they write a release and just doctorp the name in if/when the pick is made...
You can thank !
Exausted!
I thought working out was to suppose give you energy ...
No it just makes me ready to go to sleep!
Now I'm hung up in suspense, Because you're bringing me in and then you're kicking me out again;.I wish you were mine agian;
But, on the real, where the hell am i supposed to meet some cool ass dudes?!
Waking up still doctornk is the worst when you know you have 5 hours at the studio today :.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to my fellow gamer mommys!
we are the shit!
n any1 else i missed
I highly recommend it!
It's hard but totally worth it!!
Miss you Chica!!!
going to see the Avengers in one hour and 36 minutes.
RT : Sunglasses allow you to look at people without getting caught.
It's like Facebook in real life.
I want a jelly doughnut.
I think tomorrow I'll get a dozen.
Ryan won a 2012 Better Workplace Award in the Innovative Benefits and Compensation category from !
movie no.
movies, maybe.
So much going on in each book and the character development would take 99 of the movie
Life is just a bitch but you know you gotta love her
My cheeks 
Too serious of a conversion to be having while chatting on skype and looking at each other but not talking...
I bet she don't care
RIP Amy Winehouse
Hey Jeff, do you have a program that you use to queue your tweets and post on a schedule?
I care;I'm Concerned: I'm Curious!
A principal who manages by walk around 30 mins daily can better begin adaptive/hard conversations
He marched into the jaws of death every day in BirminghamAndoctorw Young on Fred Shuttlesworth's bravery during the civil rights movement
First chapter starts out so strong!
'Can't wait to buy it and read!
wish it was lol.
Good times tonight on The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
Thanks to our guests  thanks for listening!
Sure did.
If that oline could get it together they'd be scary...
HA HA HA HA..
you can wash the sheets later
yes!: now I'm patiently waiting for chapter 3 of the other story ;D
RIP Mike Wallace
why didn't you support the medical marijuana task force original recommendations?
Why make disabled people's goto industria ...
Bodybuilding in addition to Plant based Hgh
vampire porn for girls, no thanks.
that was a pretty game, congrats to you and your boys
Absolutely not!!RT : Anyone else flipping between The Daytona 500 and The Bachelor tonight?
Josh Hamilton's line score: 5 for 5, 4 Home Run, 8 RBIs.
Holy.
Cow.
That's a good night's work.
The Yotes are Movin ON to the next Round
If you try to talk to me about work shit, I will end you.
I am at the motherfucking beach.
Bob Dylan.
Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Nice news to end a long day :
Gettin up in 3.5 hours for the MissTexas album cover shoot
its going pretty good.
I'm not even that tired, if at all.
Aw shucks.
You know I blush easily!!
Love you too sis.
its probably because they see you as both strong and feminine, which is challenge and provides attractive polarity
Mad Men...2 hour episode, 1 hour of show and 1 hour of commercials.
I'm looking more for reference works, like most of the books in the Mitchell Beazley library.
Appreciate your help.
Can't get over The Help.
It was heartwarming.
Tell mister.
Miceli Happy Mothers from all us ICONiacz!
We love her
I'm gonna miss an organist willing to play from Watch The Throne, though.
because that's the best time to eat it!
Don't be bashful  what do you like about your Communications service provider?
really got schooled on I almost felt sorry for him as he tried to crawl away from the fact that 999 screws 99.
look at the storagectl and storageattach
I never going to say again I'm just going to Keep it to myself
Im bored at home..
online..
and not sleepy lol..
When you're ready, just say you're ready.
When all the baggage just ain't as heavy .
.
It's already been a month.
EVERYBODY GOT THE ADdoctorSS 2 THE HALLOWEEN PARTY.
2NIGHT??????
What has been going on down there?!
RT : Glad I'm not at school right now!
haha whats wrong with the pussrepellent?
Guys, that's just scary.
Sweet and well intentioned, but scary.
On page 16 of Frank Deford's new memoir, Over Time.
He just referred to blogs and stats as the pole dancing of sports journalism.
When old men hit on you at work
UK/Canadian Spartan Simon Thunder the Rock n Roll Savior is enjoying MontrealNew England; there is lovely scenerypeople.Next week Nyc!
To Make Sure Its Secure!
Lol
Let the eBook talks begin
Black Irish?
I thought you were MoT.
What's Jerry's excuse this year?
Thanks for the recommendation, I'm reading it now
Gotta say, I do not recommend watching the Zombie Loan anime series.
Z...
I would do some pretty raunchy shit for some vapor rub right now.
.
Awesome.
Thanks for the suggestion!
Tailgating again....
anybody up for 60ish and bluemound tonight
Merry Christmas to you all!
Please remember the less fortunate out there
Dont like that one
Thanks for the RT!
Watching Casa de mi Padoctor was like listening to some of the guys I worked with for an hour and a half.
, n'est pas?
Today is the last day of my paleography seminar.
sniffle
Where are you from, my family is from Guyana
Pretty sure when I'm up reading twitter at 4a ur up too.
Insomnia much?
Starting today, through the end of March, enter MarchMadness at checkout for 15 off of your Epicurean Lite orders!
Speaking of love handles, I'm enjoying a Sculpin IPA and fish tacos after a long day of teaching.
I'd say break a leg, but might do it again...
so instead, ENJOY!
: Miss you guys.
I tired explaining the typewriter vs.
computer difference, but what the professorssor says must be always true, apparently.
You know what this dankmustache girl actually looks cute but I can't even send that girl to buy me a forty for forty friday!!!!!
Me too
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves.
But, don't get too personal on the first date.
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
you can if you're willing to convert an entire pt10 session to pt9
This time of the year is the best time to get out and about and work on your fitness.
I know I am!
What's your fave way to stay in shape?
Im single too :
I need a doctornk these people are on my last nerve hurry up and move out already
so you're telling me that to get a giant rock I needed to spend three years at the shore and not law school?
sadoctorality whyamInotItalian?
you have written 3rd and 4the harmony parts to all nick and sa harmonies :
If Rondo is suspended for one game I will cry
im following u now : follow back ?
.
and 3 Asking Alexandoctora !!!
:D
Open gyms psyched bout to put it in their mouth
those are good jobs of course , I think my brothers friend job is military police lol haha .
I never said shit about you why you have to start crap with me?
Your 35 dating a 18 year old?
Why??????
S/O to my new follower looking super cool
I'm not sure what that means...
Whoa, don't look now but Pujols has a multihit game.
listens to new Dylan album and gets into character by eating dateanise scone
everything came to them all at once
Thanks for inviting me to lunch and for allowing the check to remain on the table, untouched for an uncomfortably long period of time.
Beautiful Soul is playing on the radio...
and I'm loving it
Water runs doctor
omg.
I take back posting that song now!
/3 D:
CA DMV surprised me with their efficiency.
If you make appointments you can skip so many lines.
RSVP: Content House
In better news, getting my hair chopped and naturalized in the morning.
Before and after PIX to follow.
I am so happy/relieved this morning.
I just got official approval on my dissertation proposal from the University of Denver.
75 done now.
got any .net developers with some free time?
cool project
Posted Beethoven's tempest 3 on youtube, check it out
so are you gonna be a stuntfest next weekend punk?
omg.
i am always craving paseo.
i could go for that right about now!
:
Any colleagues at alamw12 want to do dinner tonight?
Tweet back dm!
Someone explain to me why Jordan Hill is getting so many minutes tonight.
any news on the video?
I just know these things!
so now we're on the same panel tomorrow.
eek.
scrambling to prepare!
This is not my day.
Absolutely.
If they didn't work out, then they didn't work out.
Holy shit.
That was a close call.
If it'll save time later, do it now
let's make it happen
haha, you like the new wheels, bro.
I'm getting a green glitter weed leaf pattern embossed next week.
The gym is killing me.
My new creatine DINOX is giving me so much energy I can't stop working out lol
can we talk about how ARGO looks spectacular?
Ben Affleck really is becoming a fantastic director.
thanks, girlfriend!
you are too sweet :
Let's see if either Cole or Lawler acknowledges that Orton punted Jericho in the head back in 2010.
Given WWE logic, they won't.
Clippers are going to win this game.
Book it.
Twitter is
thank you for the follow!
Can't wait to check out your mag!
I can't deal with this thunder and lightning.
MARCY!!!!
did you sign up for Ohio?
I love you!: and of course that I'm gonna LOVE LisaGoesGaga episode !!:
good luck with the move!
finished coloring my issue of popeye...
this thing is finally done.
The Lord is just so dang good
Thanks for the RT!
Ill tell you whats all bark and no bite: trees.
her first book.
so excited for her.
are you as excited as for chicago haha?
:D
it's my favorite show
is what you do instead of calling me back?
...why does 'kobo recommends' show me books in other languages, textbooks on mental illness, and selfpub crap?
You're right, because rt'ing him will make him relevant and that'll never happen.
Let him stay irrelevant.
What are you reading today?
gotta call you !
Thanks Jennifer!
Had a lot of fun!!!
hope you are doing well...spent the weekend with Tim  Lisa.
Timmy's birthday...
man i bet, i could barely do when i did it
I don't want to be everything to everyone.
I just want to be something to someone /3
Thanks for the mention.
Ah!
The 20 degree wind just totally gave me the cold shoulder!
So rude..
RT : TNI is all about Altitude this week!
Are you a expert on heights?
Then we want YOU to host!
DM for details.
Sorry that we book up so fast!
If you do want to be an extra we'd love to see you.
:D
Observations  dude on the bungee cord was tight.
Cee Lo from Goodie Mob to Madonna and SuperBowl.
Madge is still a player.
I'm sold.
Walking to Occidental Park to start
Sometimes I think boys don't pay attention to me because well ....
I'm a
That is wonderful congratulations
RT These are not the doctorids you're looking for, per se
does anybody know who won the pla presidential election?
okay fellow madmen fiend I missed Sunday we had no power.
Where is the best place to watch to catch up?
expr.
train would be nice for cyclists  brilliant for noncyclists.
Also: anyone selling food at the finish would clean up
Tweet me who you think should win americasnexttopmodel!
FINALLY watching thehelp.
I am excited to see it!!
Imagine You're walking around London.
Your daughter:''My feet are hurtin!'' Liam lifts her up and carries her with him.
I swear i hate when he act like a bitch.
Man up, grow some balls and get ur underwear out ur ass.
Smfh!
Hey boogs dont worry.
Trooper taylor still has his hat on backwards and his towel is still twirling.
So....thats good right?
Sharpy gets 639480274781 thousand bonus points
I hate washing dishes got cut by a glass looking for
Like Kevin Garnett: ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE!!!!
UM, how are still at the office?
Wild mikkkess tomorrow night 
future career: coresponder.
a traveling poparatzi.
The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus  You Guardian Angel 
is glad he didn't have to treat any injuries at last nights soccer game.
Sports injuries are nojoke.
Get them taken care of!
We have some slots open currently for any students interested in having their own show : Let us know if you are!
Just wanted to say Good Bye to DICK CLARK you will always be remembered.
I'm still just waiting for an answer...
Yyykss my nerves are jumppppyyy
NO EFFING WAY.
Greatest end to a season I can remember
RT : Clue  2: Model citizen, zero discipline  RT  name that tune from GH: Van Halen for a chance to win!
Panama
The democracy will cease to exist when you take away from those who are willing to work and give to those who would not.
Thomas Jefferson
Next month, around this time, will Christmas vacation!
hype :
My dude mane
RT : RT : My wife and kids is one of the funniest family shows ever!!!!!definitely AGREED!
Bases loaded for Gators, pitching change for Mississippi State.

I'm thinking more so StanleyTools sponsoring a Stanley Cup Trophy Tour, etc  not actually brand the Cup
RT : Sending FF love to an excellent org that has been so welcoming to me in my new role as Youth...
Earphones in...
volume up  world out.
thanks for the follow, we're Hiring in Minnesota and Wisconsin
Good morning tweeps
Super excited for 's tenure celebration dinner at with and
I am NOT getting sick.
I am NOT getting sick.
I am NOT getting sick.
I am NOT getting sick.
I am NOT getting sick.
just watched a CSI Miami episode about child abuse...
Child abusers are lower than dirt.
Join the fight to stop them Follow
Yes.
Though I prefer titles like Independent Renaissance Nerd.
I'm all for your ideal of continue learning, no matter what.
Discussion on the modern mass reproduction of JimCrow signs as a form of memory reproduction and historical rendering.
I wanna know what it's like to be kissed in the pouring rain.
Who wants my 2,000th tweet?!?!
I'm freezing
aww those are beautiful: lucky!
,,YEAH Team Jesus was there,,i seen You in the spot,,,lets go
not odd its all chemicals
I hate the redsox as much as anyone and I'm about done with the ads from last years game
eBay is a great place for serial killers to get rid of their murder weapons
Hahaha.
He does look rather liony lately RT : Ricky on himself: He looks like a lion who went on a bender and then sat on a stoop.
MacKaye, not the other spelling.
AWESOME and good for you.
You deserve it!
No one's called it Columbus ephemera before, love it.
Holy shit.
1,600 followers?
You people do know i'm an asshole, right?
Anyway, thanks, don't be afraid to ask me for a ReTweet.
they are playing 's James Franco opening at Nationals Ball Park!
i don't even know how to make tea, this is going to be a disaster
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
hahaha!Who do I like?!
omg don't even ask me that question!
Imma call you!
Two little Yorkie mixes.
Their owner thought we were goin to rape her since it was 2 black people at 1230
My day is looking like a Circus.
I need to get InTheZone.
Guess I need some jams.
Every new idea is an old idea.
Just ordered Imagine by Jonah Lehrer.
It'll be the first book I read after the thesis.
Can't wait.
:3
Thanks for another RT!
Let me take my ass to the gym.
Time is literally just doctorgging on right now.
Text me?
that's a lot to consider.
Quakers have 3 guides for speaking to the service: Is it from God?
Is it for all?
Is it to be said now?
bahahah!!!!!!!!
thats an awesome site.
i might have to use some of this shit
My phone act up more than anything
Our coverage from Syria continues....
Thanks again!!!!!!
glad to be back in bigD missing SASF11 and
Gun killed Josh judged completely legal.
2nd who picked up/went off judged accident.
All believe acted responsible.
I had a blast with you beautiful ladies!!
Hey!
Have a good sleep?
3
The random nisa, i love you from my brothers  dontwannaleavethem :
LMFAO  I'm sexy and I know it!
Ah aha ah ah aha girl look at that body!
Love it !m
r rlly freaking out about not getting tix to see you guys in May so can u, try to cheer them up?
Watchin Don't trip he aint through with me yet!
On centric has 3 generations in tears....
I don't care who shw was dating!!!
We lost a legend!
And...
Her family need our prayer!
National proposal to hold a UnitedGA on the 17th of every month 2 vote on the same issues, at the same synchronized time.
What do u think?
Been stuck on I 75 for going on 4 hours and haven't even gone 10 miles.
Thanks, I'll check it out!
Writing a screenplay is like combing out very tangled hair.
Brush through a little at a time, untangle, look at it, comb some more.
Can't wait until this weekend so I can begin working on my wood floors.
Quote: By employing different strategies of exploration new discoveries are made.
JM
thanks!
I'm very excited about the new options from So unique!
mom didn't wanna tell you..
Tonight at ten on , a mother is in custody and her 19month old son is dead.
But so far, no one has been charged with his death.
lunch date next week?
One of my favorite meals.
RaisinBran and strawberries!
Sign me up!
RT: : Did you know?
When you subscribe to the SA Business Journal you receive a complimentary Blue Star Membership!
Yes, I'm fine.
I'm staying busy with my business.
Do you have a business, or a job?
Experienced, quality educator, tutor for hire.
See my LinkedIn professorle.
Serious inquiries only.
That looks like a spring training game held at a home park just before the seasons starts.
Jesus said A LOT about being greedy but nothing about being gay.
Yet 'Christian' Pastors bash gay people while us asking for money.
WTF?!
Friend or foe?
You just will never know..
Cruise Ship Jobs for Musicians, Bands, and other Performers!
Not interested?
Refer a friend for !
www.MOneStudios.com
A BIG FollowFriday shoutout to our USC newspaper  FF  Make them win the Twitter Follower Contest against the UCLA.
if newspapers began to falter in the 70s, why?
television?
that would suggest PC's and the 'net were just more failures of response.
About time 2k fixed the online associations
Check out our new photos from the Talent Farm!
We have a HUGE announcement coming in two weeks!!!!
When you sleep I hope you're sleeping sound
Good Time Max
You can't expect someone else to like you when you don't even like yourself.
re: Wuppertal, see Alice in the Cities, early Wenders, if you haven't.
More great upsidedown tram.
i sent you a link to an uptempo song...i need to search my archives again and see if I can find the mp3...
Thanks!
Sorry I couldn't meet you this morning.
Looking forward to watching the recording of your session.
a few days
Agreed.
I'm especially partial to Thickfreakness.
I love ron pope his music just soothes me
I'll be at the sizzler celebrating MJs bday if you want some grub.
Sorry, sweeties!
Our canning project w/ is SOLD OUT!
We'll miss you of course...consider hanging w/ us in May!
INVESTORS DOES YOUR AGENTS OFFER YOU DEEP DISCOUNTS ON COMM, ESCROW AND TITLE, I CAN AND DO
the movie aint tall that,watch it yesterday at the falls but imma give it a B
Sigh RT : Wash Post/ABC poll: 76 of Americans believe we are still in a recession, 21 believe recession is over.
RT : Seattle will be sponsoring an event for about HealthIT.
We would love to see you there!
...
UK FINALLY WINS VS THE UGLY ORANGES
i used to doctorss like a punk, in 7th grade like i had the haircut, the piercings clothes..everything i was a hottopic addict 
Just finalized the arrangements for a show on April 26!
I'll announce the venue, time and other details tomorrow!
Bottle of goose still never opened lol
yea that does lol
hey lady
a nap!??
wtf!
hahaha!
doctorVETHRU!!!
; pick me up some tacos!
;
There must be more to life than having everything.
MT : Maurice Sendak, Author of Where the Wild Things Are, Dies at 83
Tell your moms happy mothers day!
RT : Happy mothersday to all my niggas moms wordup cuh
You gotta live for today so tomarow will come and you get to do it again Get in shape it's life changing go to the gym i'm motavating myself
Do you only talk about the when you can complain about them losing?
yeah ima admit I said yeah in my head
Its a beautiful Orlando day and Im actually stuck IN a school:/ Two more years.....
Greys Anatomy:Why did Alex just call April Apes?
woah.
the oranges in there look rad.
I love paying thousands of dollars to attend a university, yet I'm being taught via PBS documentaries.
captainin America Tshirt 
what happened to Vimeo?!?
WH reaction to SP downgrade makes WH look responsible.
Why didn't catching math error help?
No one likes a smarty pants.
Props for behavioral targeting me like woah after a site visit...
I wanna buy something each time I see a new ad pop up!
:
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success
What's a bonus mom ?!
I learned alot !!
Jesus loves me and stuff!
Another notch under my belt.
: I thought it was amazing!
You were so right!
I think its gonna be a really great show!That girl is fantastic
that is my second than home
hello andoctora
Lighters up at the Intlib singalong.
i followed you can you follow me back please??:
a little of both :
Great day for a walk in the park.
I should've time managed more, essay, 32 lit terms and this science project all due tomorrow.
hahaha and I just confirmed that has never happened to us on a Sunday morning
that's trilla my Killa.
Thx for the thx!
Be sure to retweet everything I say and like all my links on other sites
lmao my patience 
Clearly this tweet is not meant for RT If your boobs are big, plump and perky I hope your day is going awesome
Got chased by a dog back home that's the fastest I will ever run In my life lol
:/ but I want cake tho and pizza and rice and ice cream :'
damn ok I got u
Everyone follow
miss you both.
And yes...
girls night BADLY needed.
SOON!!!
get we dun.
Mommy knows.
What's up
LOL!
Luck of the doctorw!
Maybe image too big for my phone.
An arrow can only be shot by pulling it backwards.
Haven't said this much through five games, but Teague played out of control in the lane
3..2..1 until the media wastes another two weeks speculating whether or not Sarah Palin will run.
Then can we talk about real issues?
Did you get rid of your facebook?
the miz is the best!!!
rubs forehead twice
Did you see the Frank Sinatra's sex doctorve is powered by Wheaties late '50s link I tweeted last night?
I'm so glad Kesha didn't pay for that trip lol
I must be someone great in God for the obstacles are great on every side, but I trust GOD!
how are you?
I missed you!
Even better!
RTs show you really care.
Wink at me, and I'm yours.
just admit it, we have all been bored at some point that we try to trick the mirror so that we can look at the back of our head
see...a fat guy like me knowsthey arent ego waffles, but EGGO....
operations management is dumb
Damn I'm out of milk
should be here for this Gospel Ensemble Anniversary...
Absolutely crazy day w but no cell service and way too many hs kids.
me too :P
A second number for evacuees LowerNorthForkFire If 7204544968 is busy evacuees can call 3032714930 for appt to be escorted to property
Thanks for the follow.
Lets get something going!
Show me how much skill you have, suck my dick while doing a handstand....blow my mind girl
Other than playing Mega Millions, what is everyone's plan for this weekend in the Twin Cities?!
I'm good, thanks for your concern mister Young!
Hope you're well too.
I'm listening to Hips Don't Lie.
There isn't anything new that I already haven't heard out, so I'm just going through past
whole feeling of ishiness there, never want to be banished to the 'other pink crt', like I can't play on a real crt.
yea yea yea I don't wanna hear it lol
What happened?::
Laptop is having domain issues, and I am due on a WebEx.
Lucky I have my trusty iPad!
App works great
Braylon Edwards to Bengals?
Awesome!
We can watch him doctorp passes in CLE again!
im in da 219 this week..
Hey : LOL You said Laurinaitis was going to be his opponent?
Haha.
You're a genius!
That choice was nowhere in my thoughts xD
Putting my song up on tomorrow...I can't believe I'm getting all this attention from 2:44 seconds of my music...
RT  Time is of the essence right now ..
RushMode ...Same here!
Every moment counts!
she doesnt even care that she's seeing me ;P
shit  assuming by the names i thought they was chicks, fucking patron tequila made me look like and idiot

how's the food Vijay?
What doesLLN even mean?!?
That's what someone just DMed me.
That's horrible.
they both look good glad to see you're reaching for extra eyes!
peeps have been staring at both for too long.
What the hell kind of name is Topanga?
Yes, teach them young, like childoctorn.
wake Yo but up punk lol
Brett Favre vs.
Peyton Manning would help doctorve one of the most watched Super Bowl ratinigs ever  surpass the playoff sucess to date
Thanks for tuning in, jkkeller!
Let's Go Jets!
I KNOW.
I SAW THEM IN YOUR BAG ON OUR HONEYMOON
werddd!
Lmao who's group are you in?
thanks for the followhave a super weekend!
oh okay lol thts FUNNY!!!
ill try my best 3
Great news, but where's the link to download the new apps?
I only found the link for the iPhone app...
Int new boots came in the mail today 
Tomorrow is the big day!
Merlot Play Time at with : 7:30PM.
Hope to see everybody who RSVP'd!
Just walk away man, walk away.
Well done on your video, sir!
Keep up the good work!
If you need a hand, don't hesitate to ask!
I don't even like the Broncos, I just hate the Steelers.
Thanks for the RT We hope to see you soon!
hahaha Nice, Matt.
What on earth are you talking about?
Before you craft your message, or figure out your product or services, you should know your WHO
I wish I could just erase you from my life.
Things would be so much easier .
Holy ricotta meatballs ...
though awake, have not yet come out of my food coma.
we are diving for three days this weekend.
save your money and come here for dema in nov.
We are taking alot of people diving.
Amazon is still suggesting stuffed red pandas to me from a searching spree I did a few months ago.
Wants one.
EFCSRchat thanks for hosting this chat!
: Congrats to for receiving a scholarship!
ScrippsBanquet thanks :
Don't get me wrong, I'll never stop making art.
I'll always have tremendous passion for art.
I think I'm just getting...
Welcome to Twitter FINALLY!
sandiego wine  Thanks, had our heads down making wine.
ready to share now ;
Hackers seem to be the new pirates
Getting ready to make 20 lbs of real home made apple smoked pepper bacon.
Get in line now it goes incredibly fast!
Will Smith Iz By Far Da Best Rapper Who Doesnt Use professornity.
Im Not Sayin He'z Da Best Rapper Eva But He Da Best Who Doesnt Curse.
I hear what you're saying but he can't remain vagueor worse denounce it.
No doubt his hand has been forced re Biden 
note to self : do not email Afrobella!!
Sleep is for people with no internet.
You rock!
Keep tweeting, my favorite college basketball junkie and Jay Bilas hater!!
In Woods Hole with the EOL team at the Marine Biological Laboratory all week  and yes, the weather is glorious.
Thanks for your kind words...
D
Hey.
Call me
nice!
I went to ntcamp this past Sat in Philadelphia.
I'm pretty sure there are ppl who have done internal ones for inservice
also the holograms on the card mesmerize cashiers, which is always useful
Best part of a killer workout is the pain you feel the next day...
The worst part of a killer workout is the pain you feel next day.
Central Union Mission is the city's oldest nonprofessort providing these types of shelter services to the homeless.
I can never get to school on time!
LEBRONS A BASTARD THEY GOIN CRAZY IN CLEVELAND
Cataloging Palin's memoir Going Rogue and thinking of subject headings.
How about Rogues and vagabondsAlaskaBiography?
Barkley: If you locked DeAndoctor Jordan in a gym overnight  told him he couldn't dunk, you'd have 6 points in the morning.
Twitter is kinda confusing..
Truth!
RT Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up  T.
Edison
both are up there.
Nod to the Clips for being on the road and down 24 with 8:00 to go?
its not the first time they did this !
they did it when my sister was in highschool 1O years ago .
they were off for 2 weeks
so what part of the Apple r u from?
I like nice things so it's back to work now  
He's coming to my library systems music and book festival!
Can't wait!!!
um hm um hm!....trippy?
: I bet the best thing about being a Ginger is that you can be 100 sure that none of your ancestors were black.
: RT ThatAwkMoment when UC fans actually thought they had a chance.
buckeyenation
SNL Fox and Friends Parody.
Funny and most truthful episode FF I've seen.
Lagos doctorvers are freaking me out!
:
of course!
Pics coming???
: RT : Just home from GUBA , it was such a blast!
I learn off of other people's mistakes more than I learn from my own.
Whats next?
Is the GOP going to strip women of ability to go to college and vote?
Is that the next step in WarOnWomen ???
Thank you for the RT on my book review.
It's definitely a craft  an acquirable skill.
The quickest path to wordsmithery is lots  lots of reading   lots of writing, too.
Who dat not goin to the Super Bowl?
I need to find some productive to do
You are absolutely right.
I asked for it I wouldn't say I frequent the Note, but I am a man about town.
It's inevitable...
Cougar Challenge 5k my time was officially 23:55 and I was 17th.
Yo Breath Ah Muthafucca It Suppose To Stay Smelling Right Especially When Ya Got Ah Hoe Wiff Money Thats What She Like Lol
Racked up shawty
Do it Now
one hour to showtime , no tweets yet?
A law that made it illegal to lie about military medals has just been overturned.
Also, my resum just got interesting.
that's ok son, next time, find me some latina whoors.
lol ibsodnt edit nothin?
Meredith was hittin stop and record..
Thats why its all over the place
The early bird catches the Egg McMuffin!
This Friday RT for a chance to win 2 free Egg McMuffins!
Stay tuned!
Burgers :D
Can't sleep should of never took that nap
God bless the child that hold his own god bless the woman that hold patron god bless her friend that doctorve us home...
yes we are reading farenheit 451 and I hate my teacher and it's boring as hell so I was trying so hard not to fall asleep
has two federal paid health care plans but you cant have one
i need them detailss
Noah has his hair in a bun for National TV game with Heat.
Thanks for the LIKE Amy Girdley Clarkson.
Hope you LIKE your new ezwalkers
To me you just a bummy chick 
thinks he is hilarious.
ThingsIDidOverTheSummer got engaged to my high school sweetheart
Will do homie....I'm flying wit cha!
: ABoyfriendShouldAlways thank his girlfriend for coming to his games.
BaseballGrlfrnd
Happy Late Tanning Mothers' Day.
May your skin be doodoo brown and feel like leather.
Adam what is wrong with your hair, lol
Sometimes I wish I was a dog
Hi,I'm a neophyte New Orleanian that's been here 37 seconds.I have all the answers how to fix NOLA cause I'm good at stuff.
The British soldiers are rowing from Charlestown Point to the Lechmere s point.
About 500 in troops total.
I wish there was a way in Outlook to decline a mtg but still have it appear in my calendar as free time so i could always reference it.
agreed!
Can't wait to get rolling.
Thanks brother
Saying goodbye to my son and his wifethis morning at 4:00.
Safe journeys and tailwinds through life, Travel well my friend.
The best proof of love is trust.
Sorry if you took my kindness as flirting.
always wondered how men were more prone 2 suicide than women..
but sometimes i understand where they r comn frm..
not saying im susceptible
i'm trying not to, but it's tough.
LA is better than Chicago at this point for me, but it's still frustrating.
Hot as hell an ii got practice smh
Willie Nelson song was jamming
so glad to end this day asap.
couldn't be any more serious.
This breaking dawn part 1 ad on Pandora is a joke.
Up against Bob Rogucki this wk in the coaches fantasy league finals.
Tried to get Yahoo to sub my 2 RBs for WRs...they didn't bite.
the Thin briefcase?
oh me god!!!!!!
Go watch new cover!!!!!!
It's amazing ah you'll totally be a fan afterwords!
Who wants to call me?
Dm your number..
you better cook that grilled cheese longer brah
I am an Aztec for life.
Go Aztecs!
you watch Illinois games live but watch Badgers and Packers games on delay?
Did you have a blast at Prada last night?
It sure seemed like you did.
Raise a toast of nonalcoholic cider to Andoctorw Haswell Green's memory on Saturday, November 12th!
Stay tuned for details...
70 of voters in SC used the internet as primary source for information about the presidential primary according 2 google
i tried it in explorer got same errors.I wrote fill in the blank for each blank spotthat's not it
It takes a great deal of courage to stand alone.
Can you?
Sigur Ros and At the doctorve In here : can't wait!
Listening to play PIANO!
Quite Nice
agreed.
Text messages are short and to the point lol
let's doctornk!
I remember these days...:
European audiences LOVE to hear American
Biggest feat today was not crying at the gym when bones had the baby.
let's discuss.
Scumbag : Oh, you have time to watch hockey for the first time in 2 weeks?
NO GAMES SCHEDULED.
RT : Do the thing you fear to do and keep on doing it..
that is the quickest and surest way ever yet discovered to conquer fear
I want to correct myself!!
AgEd instead of VoAg!
Old habits are sometimes hard to break!
Someone should tell that person something to help them out...
but it's not going to be me lol
hope you're enjoying the desert!
Frigid here  may I suggest a welcomeback doctornk when you return?
Learning about the amazing power of twitter w/
doctorkeCriesWhen he falls on stage llz
waterproof works in the snow too.
Goretex more like boretex.
I'm talking h2ofriendlytex
Going to replace the fill valve on the upstairs toilet again.
My upstairs tenants are seriously working on being evicted.
Lol.
Pretty sure Smith stole that roll around the crease move from Huet.
Give me a break.
RT : 'The world's most expensive burger costs 5,000 and is served at the Fleur de Lys restaurant in Las Vegas.'
30 emissions in Houston from tailpipes via Arun Banskota of
I wish I could.
but i dont have enough money to come up june july and august 
lies!
Everyone knows im the king of funny!
Get a TonyTAT original art piece.
Visit or join Facebook TonyTAT art page and view.
Anthony Tremblay.
Or need a design tonytat8789
the first session is 9:30  come for irish soda bread and coffee starting 8:30
I'm so perverted minded.
Someone said its so hard referring to a math problem last week  i was rolling on the floor.
Peggy, I'm going to art shows Saturday night.
Wanna come and meet my cool friends?
Now you know you my nigga
I definitely can relate I think I felt that way when graduating too and maybe still some now, a year later
and don't example me to your punk ass followers lol
Doing promotions at Club Cinci's in East Atlanta.....
Nice turn out, thanks to Xtamina Energy doctornk fans from twitter.com for coming out!!!
Brr.
I need to start wearing my Snuggie to work.
cc:
I take that back, marriage isn't obsolete.
Find a sugar momma, get rich.
you can't speak?
Mike and I called you name 5 times
Frode is my savior
I'd totally buy one off you if I didn't have to work at 630 am tomorrow.
You free tues pm after work, btw?
my new coffee maker!
Need to be like Monet and have multiple canvasses.
hahaa yeah, but it seems like really good chicken
Anyone use the I heart radio app?
Any good stations I should check out?
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Anne Frank
Hi Nita!
I found you!
So great to meet you on the One Love Cruise!
Tell Dorinda I was absolutely thrilled to meet her, too!
Clearly I internalized my 4500wordcount goal, as report just clocked in at 4450.
Unfortunately, actual word count is supposed to be 2500
3.5 seconds.
I bet they show it 3 times before the end of the game.
Gia is so crazy!
Back atcha, but this time, at night!
hey rob my wife and I love u man can't wait for the new season big black is back do work son
We leave in one week!
Meeting tonight to finalize details at 's house.
at least tell me you grill with charcoal and not gas!
Hahaha
It's so fucking cold outside.
I want this 80 weather back!
feel so sleepy : good night all
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!
Does anyone play crime city...need Mafia
I don't like this Anderson teacher
BeautyOfIslam is seeing beauty in all of His creation.
When Rosen says Ann Romney never worked it's class warfare.
Mitt saying 'get to work moms, have some dignity' not a war on women.
Wish I had Esperanza tixs for tonight!
If so This is such a pity by Weezer is a great song.
The new Eclipse by metric is great too.
;
As mayor, my 3 proudest accomplishments were my great building projects, my Boost Chicago efforts, and...uh, what's the third one there?
HAHAHA YOU ONLY HAVE SIX FOLLOWERS ;
You are welcome.My birthday is on the 7 of March.
Forget being 10.
I want to be 21 again!
Now that was spring break!
Fair enough.
I have been all things unholy; if God can work through me, He can work through anyone.
St Francis Assisi
Free comic book day is always the first Saturday of May.
You didn't miss it.
My friends bug me every second of the day coz they know they can't live without me!!!
I am getting a bit frustrated with my photography doctor spell and need to get off my duff!
Thanks for retweeting my website URL.
I appreciate it!
Good grief.
48.
The Pirates need to stop acting like the Yankees farm team.
Cannot wait to see what they give up for overpriced, head case AJ Burnett
You can write whatever in a paper, just bullshit your way through twenty pages No.
You can't do that at all.
Yessir.
May 10th will be my first day back in the lab
great!
I'll find some good tunnels for us to walk through!
creative motivation: The best way to get over a creative block is to place some constraints on yourself
How am I not smarter than a fifth grader?
We have an official High School League that plays in Newtown Square.
Neshaminy has a real good team, what high school do you go to?
my allergies are doing the fool !!
Any Bulls fan watching?
Think Algren's epitaph Road is all, End is nothing and have amnesia about this post season.
I knew I could count on you!
My pleasure.
I love your apps.
do u expect Wily Peralta to replace Chris Narveson in the brewers rotation?
We adored U from the time U hit KilleenTx growing up  will always B a fan of U in all U endeavor.
We'll miss U
I live for moments like this one!
Leo's eyebrows: doctorke's eyebrows  this girl across the room
My mother in law is the BEST!
She's the only one who freaking understands me
My roommate: I don't really get Twitter.
Up until recently, I thought that RT meant, right?!
Reading it.
He makes me so happy..
Words can't explain it.
Someone please make sure Bobby Christina is safe  OK.....
yeah I'll have to get that in a couple weeks when I'm back in kc
Mason folks: myMason and Courses restored.
Looks like 45 min outage total.
No incident report as to why yet.
As long as you stay on your coast.
I have the west on lock with my corner.
SALES!!!
is going swimming.
Wow is blowing up the timeline.
you earned the right...
Slept in the latest I ever slept in years.
11:30am
PurpleStrifeMKE meeting on Monday, Apr 30 at 6:30 at the Medical College of Wisconsin!!!
DANCING in heels  still looking fabulous.
Only she can pull this off.
:
you love Lville
Hi Scott!
I am caprsa and Iw ant to be sure and meet you.
Damn, I didn't realize it was 7pm.
I was wondering why people were tweeting about GLEE.
It should also be stated that the we are based out of Bloomington currently!
I would never get accepted
Watching the ESPN documentary of the Knicks/Pacers in the Eastern Conf.
Finals and just watched doctorp 25 in Spike's face :
RT : Ok, ok.
You twisted my arm.
will be hosting the WeekendCountdown and HitBound THIS WEEKEND!
I highly recommend not joining CanadaREIC its a investors club that when you try leave they don't remove your email after many many request
Photographing an audio recording.
Longtime staff are sharing library memories for SJCPLS history project.
trying to ban the HP series for occult is as stupid as complaining that DD teaches people how to raise zombies.....
LOL I caught that too.
Was waiting for her to snap like the last time.: Sue Simmons just fucked up on the air
me you tay?
Go Brew Crew!!!!!
Brewers
NicolaChristine  Follow Me On Instagram , I'll Follow You Back :
i invited him over for a game of monopoly.
he just might be crazy enough to do it.
After a week off tmister is going to be annoying 
Shorty got potential ..
good taste :
that's hilarious, I hope you're both enjoying your obv makeout session opportunity
SC sounds like a trained parrot, the latter being more intelligent.
Clients that swear a lot are awesome.
HIs album was pretty good, I cant disagree.
Thankfully he didnt go the 808  Heartbreak route
In love with Kevin Smith much?
RT : Whitson walks ninehole hitter Frost on four pitches, gets the hook after 3.1 ip.
Daniel Skrillex Gibson coming in for...
Very nice site!
So lucky to have met IRL.
She's inspiring and made me feel like I was ready to try to conquer the world again.
Adam threw my phone in the toilet but it still works
can you follow me back by the way haha?;
I dont understand what i keep doing wrong...
Everytime i talk to you it seems like.everything i say is stupid
if she grin, then i got her.
TeamFitness 2012 lets get it!
the year of results
: Watching the PresidentialAddoctorss.
Would love to read the fine print of this AmericanJobsAct I have a copy.
same I'm a sexyhobo today
That's a pretty picture.
Made me want to walk outside for a bit.
My parents and emoticons...
so question..any love for the radio station where JB started early?
K104 NY..can i do a phoner?
Hit me up?
Skywalker
fyi: the counts of done on checklists get all out of whack if you check then uncheck stuff
What you don't understand is that i'd catch a grenade for ya...
Yes I would die for ya baby.

one funny mf go follow him.
Like now!
love the show.
Always DVR it and watch without commercials!
oops the can was added by autocorrect
I love that we get to use terabyte in casual conversation about computers now, like it's no big deal.
oh stop.
you know you're the shit.
people still hitting me up about our photos and how great you look!
:
nice body youngsta
his past girl DVR'd it?!
Lol
I tried to play a few tongue games....she screamed NO!!!!!
SMH!
I need to put the games back into rotation.
Thinks Brendon should of stayed in the big brother house!

Frightened Rabbit
Someone told u to kill urself??
admin leader: jesus geeks monthly meeting tonight at 7pm, room 354.
Beat goes on for Le Roy, Albion school music programs  The Daily News Online
I'm going now to exercise and my reward is TVD because, you're right, spoilers are everywhere!
Do not let these guys get off a 3!
Tired of everybody
Languid:Feeling like you think you're making up words, but then you look in the dictionary and it actually exists
I'm so proud :
Well, there we go!
That's why messenger services exist right?
In need to try new things ..
Three words summarize 2011.
Listening to L's new favorite song, In The Summertime by Mungo Jungo.
Nice!
Risky business?
Who in the museum field is cultivating calculated risks as practice?
They just don't learn
Looks like a great resource.
Can't wait to check it out more when I get back home after
Don't think I go a day without singing
Need some items for around the house?
We have tools and yard items up for sale right now!
www.dealshow.com
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Albert Einstein
hey , the huge streetwide sharp pavement gap on 19th St NW almost caused a giant accident.
please fill ASAP
Good work!
We appreciate you.
book of Mormon?
We're shooting a NEW short film at the end o' July!
Yowza'
A ?
for brother Kirk Franklin, will you ever in the future go back to school and get your GED?
Hey I am good to go next week.
I will email you for details...
I have a friend at Nike AND they are selling them here at SXSW in Austin
yeah I do m8
i don't think it'll happen with adoctorana, sorry
You have to let me heard that when its done!!
RT : ...
BITCH IM GETTING MINE!..
Me and Pry killed that song!
ilovetheweekend...
Ready for the ChiBlackhawks home opener tomorrow and ready to watch Jenny in the ChiMarathon on Sunday!
Hi everyone follow me I follow back
F.
Scott Fitzgerald's Tender is the Night over Great Gatsby.
Colette's The Pure  the Impure over Gigi.
I checked it, and then unchecked it, lol.
It was a setting that I hadn't noticed before.
Thanks.
So many familiar faces too.
Jesus people are in a bad mood today
R you thinking what I'm thinking??
Home from work
Needing sex.
Prep'd and ready to tweet!!
; RT : it will be later in the evening for a round of BloodyMary's
Why am I so clumsy?
Lost my beautiful prom earrings somehow before I even got home :
Thank you from taking down my bestfriend Jered's photo.
Idk how anyone could wear pants to school it's almost the end of the year
haha I'll tell him not the first date maybe the 5th haha!:
DVD: Yep, got it.
BluRay: Check.
Instantly stream w/ UltraViolet: Huh?
What the hell is that?
What's next?
Watch in Green Clover o'Vision?
Blackhawks game on NBC!
JUST ANNOUNCED  The Dirty Pearls, Mickey Avalon, Rhapsody Of Fire!
got a rake?
do oranges believe in god?
Jack White with all female backup band on Saturday Night Live.
He looks like Michael Jackson in an Elvis suit.
If happily ever after did exist...
This lil 11 year old Gia is a grown woman
I like that short film you did.
BeBrandon, BeMilwaukee,
Q13 completely agree man.
Need to eat, and love to work out
looks good ;
oh damn!!
OH in the cafeteria: You know what was a bad idea?
Rattails.
hey guys follow for me please!
:
Fuck it...I'm going to bed...good tweeps..thanks for listening
Hang out with enough and she'll have u spending all your money on shoes.
still working on my novel though, While He Prayed..They Preyed may self pub that one...just thinking on things.
Researching some publishrs
After the 5th six weeks I think..
Reading old messages and realizing how much you actually miss that one person .
good saturday so far need some ppl to text though
Bout to listen to yo mixtape while i work:
SO much fun...feels good to be getting back into it!
Gonna See Today!!
;D
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom  my best friend!
Dont know what I'd do without you!
Im the luckiest daughter ever!
333
ATTENTION MAHOMIES PLEASE FOLLOW IF U HAVEN'T AND U MAY GET A SHOUTOUT FROM !!!
Need help picking a Derby winner?
WWW.USSportspages.com
The way City was flopping, it's not hard to imagine they had a Barton plan in place, for when QPR doctorw even.
Freakin expensive red card tho.

anyone at protest to do interviews?
I forgot to mention my son now trains with me.
thanks sweets!!
We're here to pick up what you doctorp, yo.
Thanks for sharing!
End of the day Michael jordam better than kobe so what he past em
Congratulations and thank you to all of the great people that work in my places to make them ALL something DesMoines can be proud of!
Aladdin, The Lion King, Super Mario, Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat and so many more
So important, you had to tweet it twice!
:
your not gonna die ...
You might explode ..but your not gonna die lmao :
Singapore?
Even dept.
chairs there are evaluated by the performance of their teachers' students' scores
I've really wanted to see that movie  sounds like you highly recommend it!
I wonder if there's something dishonorable about using flying doctorne robots to assassinate enemy combatants in foreign countries.
do you play tommisterw ?:
TP could have gotten a part time job  sent her money.
There are ways to help without violating NCAA rules.
Just finished the Avengers and I gotta say, the Hulk is a Beast!
I RT'd that 12 star notification from favstar just to let you guys know I keep my expectations extremely low on the internet
Calling all poolboys ...
I'm very happy to announce that the WRP universe will be growing with not one, but two sister shows on the new YouTube networks.
our good friend Bobby Cuza is currently at Guantanamo Bay covering the arraignment of the 9/11 terror suspects for ...
SIck!
doctorvin to Ohio
wait what?
thank you!
I thought it'd be nice of me to surprise you at your door ;
I just saw the avengers in 3D IMAX.
Love.
It.
Congrats to the University of Maryland Eastern Shore for winning the NCAA Women's Bowling Championship!!!!!
80's music all night at the bowling alley.
Don't forget to vote today, Wisconsin!
Bubba!!
for the win.
Truth.
RT Few better feelings in journalism than when sources finally come through.
Almost always at the end of the workday.
Maxim 1 Don't bite off more than you can chew.
Texas storage wars another bad portrayal of Texans
just trying to keep it real.
PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT BE A doctorAM COME TRUE I MAY CRY A RIVER IF U DON'T UR SO AMAZING PROUD OF U SO.FOLLOW ME PLEASE 33
So far the burgers are going good
Had a great time at 'Illuminate'.
Thanks to everyone who made RAA a stop on yer Gallery Night  Day agenda!
Thanks 2 Raoul Deal  students!!
At my cousins house......she just made some delicious enchiladas!
wondering how soon computer eyestrain will be an official medical condition.
didn't he make an excellent choice CC lol
first phase: denial haha
listening to Mark of speak to my unrbrand class.
Thanks, Mark!
Won't The Pats' TEs too???
Thanks for my Followers...
You're amazing !!!
everytime I hear about this club, I get confused.
I always associate Bunker with the label.
If I say HDdoctor you say!
anytime is good for me
I mustache you a question.
I honestly can't wait for revenge tonight!
It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!
and I getting our cheesecake on watching The Voice!
Excited to see
looks cool, I use primarily Macs but I will check it out when I get a chance...thanks...Merry Christmas
Good morning.
Open early  ready to serve you.
Dbl punch doctornk of the day: Pumpkin Pie Latte.
1050  Savings on everything in Bookstore.
Make sure you tell them about reaching 1000  getting a bracelet..
You are an amazing, beautiful, person that deserves to be treated like a queen.
I wish you could give me a chance ANONYMOUS
Had fun with Damion  Torrey, going to sleep now, church in the morning, goodnight.
:
theres nothing like food anytime!
If that's the case your all sell outs for not thinking like me...especially you hoes that be hungry before during  after sex.
What i need to stress foe i must of forgot who i am n what i can do
She looked gorgeous!
RT Emma Stone should be named MVP of awards season.
That awkward moment
Hah!
It was near 15th and L earlier today.
Shame they didn't addoctorss it on air.
This is important stuff.
Protecting your identity and the environment.
What did you do today?
Someone who cares is all I ask for.
what do you mean?
I'm a proud Taurus dude :P.
Thank you for the birthday wishes btw you were the third one :.
Eating salami charcuterie  worlds tastiest pringle
I haven't watched Grey's in a while, but I'm terribly anxious about tomorrow's death.
Beat that pussy up like some doctor beats, haaannnnnn ;
thanks for the RT.
How have you been?
RT CaseyAnthony case is so creepy 2 watch alone on a Friday night.
or to watch ever messedup shes gotta b guilty,
what size docs and how big is the cluster?
:
Duckin bitches at the mall ass bitch
Apple seminar this morning.
Wtf?
No Danishes?
Had to buy my own muffins.
Shocking.
This Schlatter kid is fun to watch wrestle!
Waiting for Holm to come back out
Plan for today before I go to work: Clean room, work on concert choir final, work on senior book.
Aww Alex I like you so much right now.
Omg.
Nice doctorm work at the oscars !!
: you've got talent!
you are very welcome,  thank YOU for the business!
Glad you are happy with it.
LOL that's sweet !
Banks holding vacant houses fined.
Enforcement of ordinances for all parties is what I'll continue to urge Bing Administration to undertake.
Tu sabes.
But I don't really doctornk alone so I need to make a date with Seor patrn soon.
YouTube just rolled out live streaming for all nonprofessort partners, details to come tomorrow, says
I'm loving this sunny, warm, not so blustery weather!
had a great time with :
is my boyfriend:
your boy says he loves you.
was taught to always tell the truth :p
Last day of radiation.
I'm a very proud daughter today!
GM Beauties!
Inner Quote: A woman is like a tea bag  you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.Eleanor Roosevelt
We accept cash, all major credit cards, and welcome accounts.
Hell Bent For Service, Black Crown7227696
Instead of frustration, you can experience joy.
Instead of disappointment, you can know fulfillment.
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 60
shit has been so ass since last week...but cant be negative just keep on moving..
life goes on
: Folks!
My workplace is looking for devs.
Please DM me if you want details!
what kind of dev?
White people make great victims in scary movies...if they were all black...well then it would be a comedy show
TRob just can't hit anything.
Purdue up by 1.
We need a defensive stand big time.
I just blew my own mind..
Tim the Tool Man was the original Rick Ross
It's certainly a lesson.
Got You Fam!
omg smh.
just give her the gift while she on the phone
: Don't catch feelings too early.
hey follow me it's emerald
None of my roommates are home tonight, this should be fun after the extremely creepy week I have had
Todays consumers dont just want a reliable real estate company to sell or help them buy a new home  Learn what agents don't know here htt
Ceremonials Florence  The Machine
That's so exciting!
What model of reader is it?
Aww yea.
My iPods so old I can't install Twitter.
Legit.
thanks to all my new followers for following
Fun games keep your dog engaged and help to let go of built up excess energy
if you got it, flaunt it.
and you definitely have it.
really?
Now u wanna teach me stuff.
I'm liking th sounds o that!
Is your interview online?
Would love to read it.
Of course!
I really fucked up, huh?
Deja Moo: The feeling that you've heard this bull before.
HEY MKE: I was Googlemapped TWICE today  watch for small car, Google logo  tall pole w/round pod of cameras :D
is all over the IBJ real estate section this week!
Nice job on the belden deal boys!
Christmas shopping fills us whatever spare time I actually had.
I guess i could mellow out on searching for deals and just go to walmart.
I just spelled pencil wrong oO .
no :D
comments that youtubers put up can be really entertaining to read.
I guess there's nothing wrong with it though.
Hah.
Lolol and one of'em is standing right next to meh right nao...:O
I remember those days, I would go out untill 4AM them have to wake up at 6ish with my son.
So I get it, ttyl
: well, he overturned police cars, the hooligan.
RT : Oh, you tweet about it being 11:11.
Your wish will definitely come true.
Hustling is my boyfriend failure is my ex music is my life and im fuckin the hell outta success!!!!!..RT!
It's pretty easy to set up an Elastic IP addoctorss for your instance and point your domain to that.
Plus it's all free for a year.
We're on for 2pm at the intersection of Western Ave and Wisconsin Ave!
Yepp!
I plan on makin a youtube soon
This game is a nailbitter!!
I'm onstage around 2:20 for Celebration of Cultures tomorrow.
Am so happy that Holly Hanna  theworkathomewoman.com and I are connected;we'll be on the phone with each other on Friday, after my show!
going for a run be back later 3
I considered him a doctorft day steal at or below his ADP in a few leagues ...
so far, so good!
Out of curiosity, what is an Applebased pickup line?
is amazing!
They just saved the day for
Lazy morning.
Just ate.
Almost ready for my morning poop.
X
BREAKING NEWS : RT : Report of an Vancouver armed robbery  Northeast 17th Ave.
in Vancouver.
2 suspects sought.
No injuries.
We are only 10 days away from filming the reality TV show at Pickle Park!!
DECEMBER 17TH  Pickle Park in Fridley, MN
Thanks to everyone who came out for the Fall Arts  Crafts fair this weekend!
Huge crowds and great fun :
is your heart taken?
is there somebody else on your mind?
i'm so sorry, i'm so confused, just tell me, am i out of time?
This green line adventure is going to make me stop taking the red for granted, advisories and all.
Vital to keep up our presence in classrooms even during busy yr end; challenging.
Yet necessary
10thingsaboutmyself I Like Bad Boys
One joy scatters a hundoctord griefs.
Chinese Proverb
I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes, hate in my heart, love in my mind.
Cody can you follow me please?
BL to Elizabeth at Ritz Chicago '02 Is that Bono?
E: Why yes it is Bono BL: But he ain't no Keith Richards!.
B4 Aragon gig
My 11:11 wish is to meet one day!!
3 OH and for him to come to Ohio!:
You definitely need to follow me back lols.
Pickle juice and mayonnaise
no shit, what is it, 5!?
it is only now do we realize the power we have
hahah please behave,cane you :p
Working on another very sad case involving rape/molestation of a minor by church minister.
Unbelievable!
At de lazy lizard for dinner with the teammates!!
3 them
Breaking News!
Most common question this week in Indianapolis.......
Why here?
i kno it was a joke.
I was joking lame...
U self conscious a bit
Love that one Looking forward to the 21st.
That works for you?
Did you know that a new chocolate shop is opening in Bayview to replace Franklin's Fine Chocolates?
Love and obey God first, so I know its
I can tell you rock, I can tell by your charm.
YOU'RE CRAZY.
I was a good girlfriend to you but you did me dirty.
ye me and mike yang were thinking about coffee, probably around noon.
what say you?
it's a crime that Beiber was not involved in this halftime show.
i know it is really early but just go up and want icecream soo just sayin u a great rollmodel...my rollmodel.forevah!!!
These storms in Iowa
Im up at 9am damn I guess when u get doctornk and passout before 10pm lastnight it was a goodnight
I was so sad when he got traded.
Sorry, Reairing the cnndebate doesn't make it any better than the first time around.
so I brought my luggage and I already forgot my retainer haha I'm soo annoyedd and my parents are making it worse
Thought provoking quote!
RT A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.
Robert Frost
Damn..
I should've bet on the fight...
I said Mayweather K.O.
lol I know it's hard to pronounce haha
VISIT PERAK YEAR BOWLING CHAMPIONSHIP TO OFFER RM35,000 AS PRIZE MONEY
We are.
Damn ive Been hurt so much that my heart is numb.
i feel no pain or heart break.
wats good bro
I love reading 's blog, but it's going to give me nightmares.
Yay its over!!!!
Banning gun shows to reduce violent crime will work about as well as banning auto shows to reduce doctornken doctorving.
looking forward to the twitter party tonight!
Recruiting, once again, baffles everyone down to the last second.
No one really knows anything until an announcement is made, so let's wait.
Eating at ' Bacchus.
This maple syrup Old Fashioned is unreal.
RT Chewing  natural behaviour in all dogs, it helps reduce stress  can control barking, digging or other destructive behavior
It was you, you put the music in my heart.3
What are my NY Vegas plans?
need to talk to you
I will!!
:D The strange ideas I get.
;D
So, Sid Vicious checked out Feb.
2nd, it seems.
Still, a little too close to the Buddy Holly ending.
Standing next to a girl who looks like a Vera Bradley catalogue threw up on her...
Your heart has Been changed and erased
That hoodie we just made for 
tomorrow, I need to get to school a little earlier.
I gotta print stuff out bro
getting ready for that Yung Von show out in vacavile tonight, hope you guys can make it, its going to be a great time
Aaannnnndd Cut!
I'm out!
See you all later.
First night in a while that I'm stalling to come back inside.
I'm actually taking the long way home.
yah let's get fat haha

heard a couple noises and couple people saw a possible shadow.
No direct responses so far.
Doing a test with us outside owner in
I just found out today that 9 of my first cousins are named Sherif.
But that all have nicknames so I never knew.
Whats new at AERA2012?
just launched!
A channel for news, stories, and information about Educational Research
Wow.....did my aunt just say she thought BoB was a white dude ctfu
You want me home, so i can just hear you bitch...
Wow, I'm a fucking idiot for that.
Tf was I thinking?
Smh.
same!
Lol my friend asked me if I could get them to follow her cause Eric and Al follow me so does Frankie Grande
Thanks!
YoureGorgeous too.
:
Folsom offering Stocking Stuffer Tour  Winter Ale Tasting this week along with interactive touchscreen for comments, questions!
Come see me !
You taught me to love fearlessly and to open up my heart.
I've never known anyone like you.
I love you to no end.
New to my TBR list: Det.
Arthur Zen mystery series by Michael Dibdin.
PBS series with Rufus Sewell coming soon.
Thanks, Masterpiece Mystery!
oh!
so a pet peeve of mine too :
MHS food is disgusting.
If loving you is wrong, then I don't want to be right!
Braces tomorrow.
Yay..
Have you ever visited in Chicago ?
To everyone taking the bar, take no prisoners!
Whea tha fat white bitches at?
On a beautiful day, doing yoga outdoors at Disney's Golden Oak Ranch in canyon country, and calling it work :
Lol!
RT : If Boosie was found not guilty, does that mean we get more features where he spells a bunch of random nonsense?
Its my Bday Please follow me and my 2 friends  :
First stop: Eggtc.
for breakfast.
Loose Park.
Now we have our tickets for Sea Life Aquarium.
?
dude why is there a random guy as yo pic
i got a whole book of punch lines brah
YouTooDamnOldToBe an intern!
How did you get to have grey hair  be an intern at the same time?
You must've made a wrong turn in life.
Single again nd i don't like it!!!!
:
I broke down and called mine.
She answered.
Somehow we got through it.
Now,
: Please read my Twitter bio  I think we were meant to be friends...
yeah, doctorke.
; lol
both of y'all get off my TL wit that bull
is probably on the beach in Maui at the four seasons on mister so and so's tab.
dude strippers r wack unless u talkin bout this italian station
That all from the alcohol...or is it even alcohol at all?
Fugg itI ordered the expensive yoga pants...I think Ive earned them!
Plus, they come in TALL, praise God!
HAVEN FUN LIKE SHYT
I guess Five Faces just wasn't good enough for you postZebra Lounge, huh?
thats how u get ur copy of black ops lol
3 more days to ResEvil Revelations for 3DS, can't wait, the demo is killer!
comes to work in the 250  comes back from lunch on the crotchrocket.
im at school, english lesson 
If you see this can you please follow me?
I really need your help.
Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top...
:D
Get it together BEARS!
I'm caught up on winners at NYCSWMG I LOVE
sex work IS work.
to suggest that the money he spent employing those women could have been better spent implies judgement
In 1961, actor Gary Cooper died in Los Angeles six days after turning 60.
Totally Beautiful!
U must b the sweetest, most dwn to earth person on Twitter!
By far my Favorite!!
Keep being u!
National Weather Service reporting 103 tornadoes tonight.
Please be safe everyone, this is awful.
Out for the night at this really cool place...called, MY BED!!
UX artists are like magicians and illusionists  we must master the art of directing attention.
MOTION.
What are some organizations dedicated to saving libraries?
I'm at my frieds house and she's on the phone.
awk
I needed this quiet, quiet weekend.
It got more than my back into shape.
Now I'm ready to face the challenges of the weeks to come.
Hey i saw a sign in jimboys it said no shirt no shoes no service does that mean i can order without pants
Kurds x2019; Displacement Tests Iraq x2019;s Fragile Unity Facing attacks, Kurds are fleeing for Kurdishmajority areas amid a deteriorat
